I
good, how are you?
Did it's very nice
to meet you. I'm Ezra.
So how are you?
I woke
up,
yeah. Yeah. I just woke up like two minutes ago.
I like video games, come on.
I play everything. I play Minecraft. I play, my favorite series is
yeah, my phone died. I forgot to charge my phone last night. So I'm on my laptop. Yeah,
my laptop. My wife is really that, so if I lag out or anything just let me know. Okay, thank you.
The favorite series
is Double May cry.
it's it's everything. I love it.
I'm so excited for the Virgil DLC
Youtube.
Absolutely same here. I love it.
I love the games, I love them so much. I played him since I was like a baby, practically not an actual baby but the baby.
But
yeah. Yeah, my my older brother used to play and that's how I got into it. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What do you play?
That's really cool. I haven't I haven't played many J. RPGS which is a little shocking but um I played a little bit of a couple of final fantasy games if those count.
Okay I played a couple of those, I can't remember which ones
but I did play a couple. Um Yeah I think that's that's about it. I'm trying to get into persona.
Yeah I'm trying to get into the fifth one. Someone told me to start with the 5th 1
so I wasn't.
Yeah that's good to know
I'm
yeah um it's like every time I go into like PSN or anything it's either always on sale or like
always
up
there like recommended so
that's just the you they do.
So are you a student?
Oh congrats, I'm sorry this has to be your first year
I can imagine.
Yeah it was I feel so bad for all of these
seniors
who
missed out on all that I really do.
you shouldn't make fun of people because
it
comes back to you ha we deserve this,
What are you studying?
That's amazing. That is amazing bravo. That's that's what my husband studying so I approve heavily.
You totally totally should. That's a great thing to want to do. That's a great uh desire goal goal that's a great goal. Oh yeah but
I didn't I just kind of I kind of quit after high school and then I just I decided I wanted to be kind of like a housewife
for a little bit so that's what I'm doing. I'm just a housewife. I think I am going to go and get a degree in religious studies at some point but I'm in no rush.
Yeah You should have went to Canada.
I would have been a very long drive. I'm near Atlanta so I understand that. Yeah, that drive to Canada. No. Thanks.
fighting
game?
I've heard of those, wow, that's interesting. Thanks for who?
Not
the suit.
Yeah, I'm not this year. No, we're good.
Right. I hope so. I hope so. I know the convention scene like enemy weak in Atlanta Dragon con all of that is just completely canceled my heart. My heart.
no,
I'm so sorry dude. That sucks. That sucks really bad. Uh huh. Yeah.
And
yeah, you're gonna enjoy yourself before more schools and a lot of debt.
Right. I feel so bad for you guys. You guys are missing out on so much and I'm so sorry. But you know whenever
this virus goes away, just hold on to it and go and go and do everything
that you didn't get to do. Mm. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. I hope so. I hope it fizzles out by the end of next year. You know? I know there's like a lot of people who are like Oh I can't wait for 2020 to be over there acting like the virus expires at the end of the year.
No
Yeah it is when it is unfortunately I was actually I was at walmart the other day with my my husband and we saw someone with a mask on but they had their mouth and nose cut out of it.
I have zero idea. I'm trying to think maybe he was he was special needs or something kind of sensory disorder, something like that. Um I don't know, I can't find logic in it.
I hope,
you
know
I mean it was kind of baffling. I've been trying to rationalize it, I I should stop thinking about it.
Oh, I will pass it on to you. You can think about it.
Yes, thank you. Thank you.
that's how you do it. Like smile dog.
I Yeah, same. I don't know why that's the first thing that came to my head for passing something on
uh the Quran gee, creepypasta. Uh huh
Yes. And everyone was like trying to make the next
big creepypasta. So you had to put a fringe out there. Oh my God,
before the apocalypse.
Oh right, things were so bad.
They couldn't afford any other engine. There were like 12
Oh man, Unity was free. Yeah, I've only just realized that Unity is free.
Leaving gamemaker.
Yes, it was all the same.
Uh huh, yep. Walking down the hall or go look at something. It was always always that one when you had to look like it specifically wanted you to look at something and then who jump scare it all followed the same plot line like,
No, you have like five seconds without me. A great to know that there was a jump scare coming,
so cringe
it was something else or something else. And then you had the kids who were actually going out
and harming people for sunday man, like
right, that's just, I can't wrap my head around it. Well, I hope they're getting help wherever they are.
Yeah, yeah, because that's just uh creepypasta
spawned like an entirely new breed of weird people. Yeah.
Oh, all those slender man movies that they put out were horrible. I forced myself to sit through most of them and watch them and it was, they were trash.
it was.
I mean why the movie was barely even about from Iran
I don't understand.
Yeah. Thank you Hollywood. We appreciate it.
Oh Oh I can I can wait.
That's great. I wonder if it's going to be as bad as the death note that they did.
Oh Death note. They ruined it. There are good.
I can't find netflix at all anymore for anything. They do
they just they ruin everything. Like everyone was like a thanks Obama. No it's thinks netflix.
The bleach room was all right. It had the japanese guitarist me Avian. So it was winning that for me. He's he's my hero. But when you get past oh my gosh he's acting. It has very little substance which is unfortunate
right? Rather than
the story
and what makes bleach amazing. Eight pushed nonsense. It's unfortunate. Very unfortunate. Yeah.
Yeah. You got to like sort through all the filler episodes though because there's a lot of filler. Yeah
I can't one piece like I can't get over the fact
that when we
were
like kids we would literally sit through filler happily. Just watch this stuff
wild.
Did
you work
did you watch the double me Cry anna Mae?
It's on
who?
It's all right. You need to watch it. It's amazing.
That is really cool. Um I don't own The Devil May Cry and may I just watch it on your group. Mhm.
Good.
Who?
Nice. That's one good way to do it. Yeah
someday someday. Yeah
Yeah. I've got a bunch of stuff like on my shelf that I haven't watched either. So nothing. I don't really have any anime on myself that I haven't watched. Just a bunch of random movies because we go to the Goodwill lot and stuff like that and we'll find like really good deals on movies that we've always wanted to watch and then we just put them on the shelf and forget about them.
At least we own them. So you know whenever we inevitably lose Internet access for like 20 years or something. Well at least we have movies to watch.
Where's the shelf? It's under the other shelf. Nothing.
Yeah. Same favorite.
Yeah. I'm I'm bad for scrolling. Like I'll school through you and then I'll just be like, okay, forget it. Family guy, yep. Just back to the same. Same.
but why johnny Depp asked why
are you okay? I mean, I like to put on chowder. That was one of my favorite shows when it came out. It was so good.
Yeah. With a little purple Ghani pig thing. That show was just that she was just so good.
Yes. Yes, they made that show very fun.
billion mandy.
No,
no, no,
no, he was born. Yeah. Regular show was all right, flapjack.
Yeah. Yeah. They had a really, they had a really good like peak and then they stopped
with it because they wanted to do more like a lot of action, real life segments, so they cancelled a lot of their good cartoons. It was unfortunate.
No, no rebooting rarely works.
Exactly. Just come up with a new idea, just do something,
yep. Uh That would have been awesome to see. Yeah,
I
don't know.
Yeah, that's just right in the childhood. Yeah, that's painful.
It lasted I think a couple months and then they realized they messed up and you know, it didn't go well, the ratings went like right into the toilet.
That they didn't, it's one of my favorite movies. But they always just like they would always play like the same one Roger rules and I just got so sick of it. At one point I was like no more. No more, no more.
After about the 5th 1,
you start to get really tired of it
and you are. That's about where I am actually with all the diary of a would be kidnapper. Yeah, I need help.
Exactly Now. At least I can choose when I want to watch them and I don't want to watch them for a while.
I remember one time we were like stranded without internet in one of my own house is my husband and I And we had our PS three and we had a USB drive and only had one movie on it. That was harry potter and the Goblet of fire. I think. I must have watched that movie 40 times before we got cable and the Internet in that house.
It I have the whole movie memorized. I know him. I'm an expert
When I hold my gosh, let me see 25 minutes. uh That is
around the time they are introducing the new students to the school. Yeah,
literally. And it's so unfortunately quotable. I don't even like harry potter anymore. I'm over it. Please wipe my memory.
It's all it all just felt repetitive after awhile,
fancy
wizard lightning effects. Yes,
very dramatic for no reason. It starts off like kids movies and then by the end of it it's like some adult doc off movie.
Yeah heli pack of near death experience and then he comes back and kills him and the neville like chops off the head of the snake. It's wild. I can't keep up with it. So it's something um
The books. Yeah, they blended too. Like they were really entertaining
when you're young but not once you understand how to write.
She's really not. She thinks she is and that's why she tweets all the crap she tweets but you know whatever
makes her happy.
But the only person who has a more wild twitter is trump but I can't look trump's because it makes me sad because he's in charge of the country.
if you don't like America
then leave
exactly just by.
I'll throw your apartment,
give
little,
I will buy his plane ticket. I will buy him a first class ticket
wherever
he wants. Just leave. Like all the all the people he's told to leave if they don't like America
my
like okay I take your advice. I love it. Fine.
Great. Yes yes I won't shed it here. Goodbye.
I support it. I finally will support trump. I will finally report donald J. Trump something that he
does and that is when he leaves the country. But he also did say that like if he doesn't win, he's not going to leave the white house,
he's gonna move the white house to Canada. They're just gonna anything it over the border really slowly
or both half in one area just like kind of and how
yeah that is another option.
Same.
and now he has Covid and I'm like are you
injecting bleach? Are you injecting?
Yeah that was my worry too. Like I wonder if he even had it or if it was just
He's like seven
woman.
More than likely. More than likely.
Yeah. Yeah. He uh
no just make sure
you vote, make sure you vote, make sure
you vote.
Thank you, thank you for having me, I appreciate it, thank you. Yeah, voting is very very very important. I can't stress that enough, voting is even if it's between, you know two people you don't like just do your duty, people died for your right to vote, you know.
exactly. I didn't want to outright say it, but you know. Yes, yes, yeah.
yep, it's not gonna be pretty and all.
we're kind of the laughing stock of the world now, you know? Uh huh, yep.
Uh huh.
Yeah, well I think we are about at the conversation limit, but I've really enjoyed talking to you.
This is very this is a very wonderful experience, I hope the rest of your school year goes very well.
you have a good day, right.