Hello World.
I'm doing good. How are you?
Yeah, I can see you.
Um I'm will nice to meet you.
Right. Nice to meet you.
Um I like to play tennis. I like to swim. I actually played tennis last night.
I
like to play games. Yeah. What about you?
It
sounds
like the light. The
I'm in the U. S. Um in a texas
All right.
Are
you uh I'm sorry. You go first.
Okay. I was going to say um so you're out of college, right?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm a sophomore this year. Mm
Texas.
I'm in like in ST college.
G. O. Okay. I'm pretty DJ very
beautiful.
That's
good.
I'm studying electrical engineering.
I know.
I
know. I'm like after this call I have to get onto homework. There's just so much work right now.
Never. Um Okay. So the reason why I just like engineering was like there's two sides with that, right? There's hardware and software, so with hardware you can like make things or like circuits and all that, like work with electronics and then software is like um coding and like working with like those platforms.
So.
Yeah, I would try to do that, try to bank on that because you know technology is evolving.
I
used those two. Yeah, everything's online now.
Yeah, I had to move back from campus because everything was online so I figured just stay with parents that might as well.
You have pets? Yeah.
That's the light and
I'm
sorry.
Redmond.
Yeah, but hopefully, you know, this whole situation is cleared up by next year
but
Oh
Lord.
Sometime around there, yeah,
that's super unlucky,
you're
like pretty much there,
Uh huh How long did you get stuck for
and
it's not there?
Maybe.
and then you got a flight up? Yeah.
So I like personally thought about like also traveling later on
like, you know when I have the money, so like could you give me some advice on how you would go about that for like
process
challenge?
Thanks.
They.
you've been all around?
trial
was prison. I know. Um I think there was this website my friend showed me. He loved traveling as well. He traveled like an and like a lot in Asia.
But um he had like this website that he showed me, it's like you can like color in like all the countries that you've been to and all that.
Yeah like idea like that's pretty cool because you can be like, oh like you can pinpoint like where you want to go next or something. Very
Is it expensive for Everest?
That's
lot better.
I have to work out the other expenses.
I have not because like so pretty much like I've just stayed in texas like most of my life. Well, okay, I'm originally born from china and then I came here to north Carolina. Uh Yeah like I came when I was four and then I lived there for four years and then for the rest of my life I've lived in texas, so I haven't been really able to travel, but it sounds fun though.
I was born in um this one, do you know what that is?
It's like, I believe it's like around the middle of china, you
know?
Yes, I was a great wall, man, that was actually very tiring.
Yes. Oh no, I so I've actually only been to china three times, so like once
when I was born, once when I was eight and then I went when I was 18, so I'm 19
now, so I went last summer and like I climbed the great wall and like man that was taxing, I was so tired.
So
there's like there's like different stretches of um the wall that you can climb and pretty much like going up. It is like it's like not that bad but like the actual length of it if you want to go the whole way is like super super long.
But you
kind
of just keep on going just
going
to push
through it.
I don't believe so.
But
like you
can
walk
like a good portion.
It
It's like okay. There's like because like there's like kind of like steps and stuff like like on the Great wall so it's not like exactly smooth and everything like where you walk so you have to like kind of watch your step two.
Yeah.
Because
like
some parts are like super steep.
Rules.
Whoa. I'm super interesting.
Um I visited for two months and it was like, it was kind of surprising because like I feel like um with more like Western representation of china, I thought china is going to be a lot worse but like it was a pretty good experience, like everything was really nice.
Yeah, I speak mandarin. Yeah. Superman dry at home.
Yeah. And then like, you know with friends and like at school just speak english.
absolutely.
so there's like okay, so for example um since I'm from Sichuan right
there is like kind of like the dialect where people can tell where you're from based off like if you talk but then there's like which is like kind of like the proper overall like universal way to talk in chinese. So like people try to speak that if they're talking to people from other parts of china. So it's like I
don't just like, it's kind of weird,
it's like the more universally accepted, like less slangy, like more proper term, I would like more formal. Um
Right right. Yeah.
and then
it's I wouldn't say it's necessary alphabet so it's just like characters
for like the letters and all that.
It's
like characters,
It's like so think of characters more as letters and we're like okay so each character technically is kind of like a word but like multiple characters together might create like a different meeting. Yeah
it's like yeah so
like I don't know how to explain it better. Um
huh.
spanish.
Yeah.
Ooh
that
sounds fun.
No.
Uh Yes. And so we live in texas were like next to Mexico. So a lot of people take spanish. Yeah
I took
like yeah I took three years of spanish actually.
14 years. Yeah
for years
yes I do but I can't say fluently you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah it's just you have to like yeah implements it more into your life you know for you to be better at it.
and
I noticed
like
you can't oh
yeah same with chinese like it's just the tones and stuff too. I don't know if you knew about that
and
I
haven't
heard of that.
No.
Are
you like big on psychology?
Dude
I've been getting into psychology a lot like watching psychology videos I
think
it's super interesting.
huh.
and you know after you don't mind you can do like Dinkins and all that. Yeah
there you go.
Super interesting. I think that would be a good field for you because I think it mixes like both your like Hannah you're passionate like traveling like exploring different cultures and then like with what you're interested in. I
think it would
be
good.
Uh Daily intelligence.
Well I'm trying to think about it to uh
What I think paleontologists that's for dinosaurs.
from
people
who dig
archaeologist.
That's it. Yeah
archaeologist.
Hello?
Would you prefer tracking?
Need it. Yeah.
I know. Um I think like in recent years they've had like newer technology where they can like scan like a whole ruin site and they can like build in like a three D. Model.
Uh huh. Yeah. That's so cool.
And you,
civilizations in South Korea.
Absolutely
theoretically.
You know, we can, we can partner up, you know, in the near future baby. Uh huh
For
Yeah. So
Um so if I do more after that, that would be like kind of like graduate program. I would say like grad school, but I don't know if I want to do that because yeah, you know, it's just kind of like a lot more work. But yeah, right now just looking for internships or jobs kind of give me like a head start. The first push.
2000
and eight.
going back to your criminal psychology thing. I find that like super interesting.
Just
popped up and all that.
It's nice.
I think.
Yeah, I only brought that up because uh recently I've been like super into watching like these like crime investigations and like these interviews. Like I know this one person specifically on Youtube you have like our long breakdowns of like interviews and like say like oh this is like you like in certain like psychology in terms of like this is what happens and stuff and like that's how humans react and it's like whoa,
I
could look
I have not seen that.
What?
There.
Thank
you.
Who?
All
Uh Mark Ruffalo.
hooked
on a
cruise.
Let's see. Um hulk
actors.
Eric
opponent.
My to be cast
tim Roth. Oh
I've been just like watching it and it's like so interesting because like like you said like this micro like um micro expressions and stuff. I
used to so it's like so like nit picking but
it's
like it does help them
factory.
Yeah. But in England especially.
Okay. I'll look into that. That's good.
I believe this is my oh I should have been kept being tracked. I think this is my fourth one.
Oh
it's my fourth thorn.
Nice talking to
you too.
you. I hope so too.
And
Hopefully
you know in the news one day I'll see archaeology. Just uh Elizabeth.
Okay. Okay. You know we can hook each other up you know? Tell me where the ruins side is. I'll just
scanning everything for you. Absolutely.
It
sounds good.
All
Bye bye.