Hello,
how are you?
Good thank you. Can you see me?
What's your name?
Hi I'm Elizabeth nice to meet you.
So what do you what do you like to do?
Ooh so
I love to
um I love tennis. I like to travel. I worked quite a lot um try and see as much as I can. But it's
been
if,
yeah well I work two jobs while I'm not traveling but it's been it's been rough with Covid. Are you in? Where are you? In? The U. S.
Okay I'm in Georgia. Yeah.
Do
you like?
Oh no go ahead.
Yes I graduated I graduated in oh nine. What about you? Are you in college?
you at which texas one? In
texas? Okay.
And okay. I went to a university. Well Yugi a university of Georgia.
and
yeah it was a good scope. I came I moved from England and came, came to go here and then stayed and did a master's at Georgia state after finishing. So I liked it was.
What
are you studying?
Oh my gosh,
so
my head,
yeah. What would you, so what do you do with that, like when you graduate?
Well
that's very big right now with everything. Is that what you go into?
Yeah, it's been here, especially with Covid, I feel like it's gone through the roof because everyone relying on it, like, all my work stuff is now through Webex. Zoom,
everything.
Are you all your classes online?
Yeah. Might as well. I mean, I live on my own and it's I feel like if I was close to like in distance, closer to my family, I'd probably have gone, but they're in England, so it's far for me to go and then I have animals. So you could,
I have two dogs and a cat. So
one of my dogs is not well though. He's uh
he's got a big
tumor. So I'm just try and
keep him happy. But I do like be able to work from home because of that because I get to see him right.
I hope so.
I actually got, I had saved up to so macho Picchu in peru have been on my list for like years and years and years probably since I was 15. And I finally bit the bullet last year and booked it. And I got stuck in peru because of Covid. Yeah.
So
I didn't get to see much api to literally everything closed out. I think I was meant to hike on the 17th of March and they declared it. I think they declared a pandemic on the 16th run around.
Yeah. So I was literally about three hours from Machu Picchu, but everything was closed, So Yeah.
Oh so annoyed I
got to do.
I know I was I mean they even looked so originally when we got there I went to go pay like the rest of the fee and they like, well the porters have decided that they're not going to do it. You know the ones that carry the equipment and stuff? And so we're like okay, so like we can, you can maybe take a train because we were going to hike it like we were doing the trail and uh they were like, oh you can maybe take the train and I was like I wanted to do this since I was like 15 and part of the hike was part of it. And uh but then I was like I'm all the way here. Should I just try and see it by train because, and then they just closed everything so I didn't have to make the decision. Which was good. I just got stuck.
I was stuck. And um they closed everything. I think I was on lockdown there for about 10 days before I could
get out.
So I ended up having to stay in extra like week
or eight days from what I had booked. But they close like they went on strict lockdown like with military police like you couldn't well I don't speak spanish but you don't leave. You didn't leave what you were staying. Mhm. And then the government was having to provide flights to get people out. Okay.
I got like a repeat repatriation flight. So arranged by the government by the government. Because they had to give they had to give peru had to give what do you call it like they had to allow us to fly out. So authority. Yeah. It was interesting.
I
I
so
I travel, I would travel really cheap but I'm not into like the fancy hotels or any like it's just not. I'd rather I like like the hiking and more of the adventure stuff. So I use I have like a bank card, the chase card to rack up points. So I use
I try and get a lot of points that way
to pay for stuff. So I opened, I knew one year I was going home for christmas and then I was going to spend like $1000 on a fight and they and I think it was southwest to I fly with a lot had a deal where if you open the card they'll give you like 60,000 miles. And so I knew I had to spend that money anyway. So I did that and that paid for me to go. I think I've got flights to Colombia with that and Guatemala. So I
I've I'm I I love traveling when I was younger. My dad likes to travel and then when I got married my husband didn't like to do anything and then when I got divorced I went back to to all the
traveling.
Ooh
that's cool. I have to look that up. I would love that. I wanted to get a big world map. Like a wallpaper on this wall of all the just so I had a huge map look at. But yeah.
it's like I can find it on the map where I wanna go. I may do it upstairs though so it's not as in your face when you walk in. But yeah I love I have a my other thing is I have a bucket list about this long. I mean it's and I just try and keep an eye out on if I see deals or I have the hardest time trying to pick what to do. So I want to do. I think next year I'm tempted. I don't know with Covid but I would like to do every space camp and so I may I may try and start saving for that.
Like if you want to hike the to the very top it is but I mean I think it's like 50 plus that I mean I think it's outrageous but I just want to do base camp. So I think base camp would maybe be 1700 and then but
you got
that's not bad then you gotta do flights and stuff. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Have you said have you been able to travel like.
You should where somewhere in china were you born?
No but I do um I teach with this platform where I teach kids in china english like help them and I love they're so sweet and I like to hear where they're from so I can look it up because
I've only
ever been to well I've only been to Hong kong over in that haven't been but I'd love to go. I want I really want to go to china. I want to go to the great wall so.
You've done it when you were little.
That's
that was good.
I would like it was it was it is it very high? I mean I know it's all over the mountains isn't it? I hope
to do that.
I
want
to
I
wonder
how
long is the entire, can you walk the entire wall?
I
would, some
of
it's
in ruins.
I would love to do that. Oh, that sounds media. There's apparently one of my friends, there's a marathon that they do there that he wants to do and I was like, I will cheer you on. But I'm not running a marathon
on the great wolf. There's no way.
Otherwise you'll end up on your food space first, wow.
Gosh. Yeah,
I would
love
that's what I would think. I couldn't imagine running a marathon on something that would just go up and down. Oh yeah, I would love to go. I'd love to go over there in Vietnam. There's a cave in Vietnam. I want to see cold. I don't know how you say it, son Dong something, but it's like the biggest cave in the world. It
has its own weather system because it's so big.
Yeah. So maybe combine the two. But how long did you stay in china? Like how long did you visit for?
Would love to you? I think if you do you speak like to like did your family?
So is that what, that's what you speak with your parents? And then when you're like oh that's awesome,
are there different? So I'm guessing it's like other kind of those different dialects depending where you live
in china? I've always
Mhm.
Secret.
It was like the proper or is it more like grammatically correct or have
what's the name of that? Boom. Okay.
The world. I will, I've
ever since teaching, I'm like fascinated by the whole, it's like completely, it's just completely different like that. Is it called an alphabet? I'm sorry I'm not very good at
characters.
And
so
with are there multiple? So it's like one character. Can it make up a word? How does it?
That's so interesting.
I didn't
I did hear one of my students like I knew that she was counting because she would do the things and I was trying to listen to it because she she was saying in chinese and I was like oh I wish like I'm trying to pay you know understand like I know you're counting but I'm trying to remember what you're saying but it's so over my it was over my head but it was really
interesting. Mhm. I'm always I always so impressed with people that can speak like multiple languages. Like I just I think it's like my boss she speaks she's from Mexico so she speaks english and spanish
and she's fluent and I used to work with one of my best friends, he was from Puerto rico and our boss was I think she was Cuban but they when they would fight they would both shouting spanish across the office and no none of us would know what's going on but we just know that they're like shouting at each other and we're like okay
so that's we had to do I do french and german in school but
no very
good.
No my languages
are not my strong point.
Did you
stash
you see,
for
do you speak spanish too
but still so you basically speak three languages. Really impressive.
Yeah I
am. I mean I can get by with french and german but no no that's not any use over here. Yeah.
that's true. Yeah I had one of my friends I keep saying because he's fluent in spanish and like we just speak spanish to me and we lost like five minutes and then like I have no idea what you're saying, I don't understand and
I can't
roll
my R's.
Yeah. And so apparently if you're really careful with what you say because it can sound like other stuff. So. Yeah.
Well they don't, they say
babies up until I don't know how they are. They can do they can like mimic any sound or tone from any language. And then as soon as you start getting older you lose it. If you don't use it you lose it really quickly. I
like
it.
I learned it in like a one of my psychology classes when I was used to and it was about infant development or something. But it was pretty interesting. Yes, all the different
studies they would do. All right.
So
I did I did my underground psychology which I don't think really helped me. But so I
just
I
was
I think it's really interesting. The only thing with like an undergrad is it doesn't give you any, I didn't feel like I had any training any specialist. So I would like to I mean I used I went on and did Criminal justice, which I mean, I still feel like I didn't I should have done something like nursing or something that actually gives you like a set of skills. So, but I mean I enjoyed both. I want to I do want to do a doctorate one day. I would like to do it on the all right. Somehow. Anthropology something with the Mayans. So fucking Well, I think that's more the Aztecs, Mexico Belize um
Guatemala have, Although Mayan ruins them and there's just not very much known about them. Yeah.
It's
crazy like just learning about that we I did one trick which was, there's a five day jungle trek to, it's the biggest pyramid in the world, well by volume and it was, the market was like a Mayan. It was el mirador so it's like a Mayan ruin but it was just, I don't think they've ever found any of the rulers but they've never felt as far as I know that I may be completely wrong. But it's just a question like how did they even build those pyramids? Like I mean it's like the pyramids in Egypt. How did they build? That's so huge thank you.
that's
what
I
was, I would love to go back, I'm trying to figure out but I have no anthropology background so I'd have to figure out like maybe doing a masters for, I don't know. But yeah I would love to combine. But when we when I was in el mirador they had the um what do you call it? The people who oh my gosh who dig and
the ones for what's it called? Not picking up the dinosaurs. It's the one for it's completely gone from my mind. But they are the people that
I can't think of the word. It's like on the tip of my tongue. It's like people that dig for like ruins and stuff. What's it called?
That's what is it that's
going to drive
me.
I'm gonna I know Richard Hansen as one.
That's it. Yes.
that
was that was driving me crazy. Yeah they had the archaeologists coming because they would only work two months out of the year or something because the rain and everything. But so all on one side all the archaeologists were digging to excavate and try and preserve everything. I was like how cool would that be to
go do that for a month Except then you get helicoptered in I think. I don't think you have to track. So yeah
I probably would actually prefer tracking. It was a lot more fun. I would like the helicopter in one time. The guy who runs that whole thing, he actually was flying in and he was in a plane crash years and years ago but him and his wife survived it. But you can still apparently go see where the plane crashed. We didn't have time to walk but it was it was just interesting to it's.
Really?
from above.
Yeah I've seen what is it called? It begins with l I think it's the technology because a lot of those ruins are just mounds like you can't even if you're walking through the jungle you wouldn't even know that it's a ruin because it's just a big
mound of dirt. But underneath is all this all these like pyramid.
It's crazy. So interesting. I guess
we'll that technology. I mean that's kind of stuff you could work on, isn't it?
That's
do you have two years with? Well this, you have
this year till May and then to, okay,
do you have to do extra like you have to do more on after that?
Yeah. That'd be good. That's um yeah, grad school. I see. I only went to grads. Well I want to do grad school, but I only went because I finished like right when they were set in the midst of the recession in oh eight or no. I've known
by
oh nine. And so there was like nothing. I remember years later seeing lots of friends that come out and find jobs so easily and like how did you guys find all these jobs? And then I realized, well I graduated when there was like no jobs available. Thanks. It was right.
That was more on like why people commit crimes, Like all the theories. It was pretty interesting. I did, I did, I did an internship with a place in Atlanta that takes on any case that where somebody's been charged with the death penalty and they review it and stuff. So I remember I did have, I had to go interview uh inmate that was being charged with the death penalty, which was really scary because I was walking into a male prison and the investigator was like, just make sure you, I mean I'm not gonna dress with, you know, I was going to dress professionally the web either way. But
he's just
yeah he's like make sure you just cover up more then. But I was like so we're walking through the prison and everyone's just about and I kind of looked at the guard and I guess he could tell I was nervous. He's like oh don't worry we have like a 2.3 seconds um response rate or something. I was like well a lot can happen in two seconds so I don't want to. But they had like flat screen TVs like I was like wow this is super nice
but it was just interesting interviewing him and like hearing his story and yeah it was it was interesting. I enjoyed
it. But I only did that my last semester of grad school you know?
That's you
should
watch. There's a show called Lie To Me. Have you seen that?
It's it's based on a real person. But it's about this
guy who can read micro expressions to help with crime and stuff. It's really it's
really interesting because it's like stuff that people
can't
control and it's and very few people can notice them like Well
it's just the way you look if it's very interesting. It's
on I think it's on netflix. No, and it's got the guy who played the hulk. He's a british guy.
No another another the guy before that, what's his name? Not very tall, like kind of
what we were saying, but he was
good
his name.
He's
Yeah, I know he's in Lie To Me when they see it as my friend. Mhm. See he was so
good
in it. Uh Let's see Lie To Me.
Oh, tim Roth
Yeah, that guy, it doesn't really look like him now, but he was so good in it. There's a really good show if you
Thanks.
It
is
but it tells like so much about somebody that you just don't even
realize and people don't even mean you get so much information from body language and
yeah, I love that show, definitely recommend it. So
hopefully you'll enjoy it. So how long did where's my phone? I didn't start a timer but I think we started roughly on time. Have you done one of these before?
Okay. I think this is my six. Well I think I can only do one more, but I've had a lot of people not show up but especially recently. Yeah,
so
but yeah, I enjoy these are quite interesting, so well it was really nice to speak to you. So
good
luck with. I'm sure you'll do great with your degree. Mhm.
You'll be designing
all this like really interesting stuff.
That's
that'd be awesome. So. And then I'll contact you to come and do the technology.
You
Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Well
I will speak to you later.
Nice to speak to you,
susie.