Hello.
I'm doing
good, how are you?
Wow that's nice. I'm
really why the weather or
Exactly exactly. I'm in Virginia.
Yeah it is. But I like your place. I
like
the cold. I like the snow.
Whoa.
I guess like after a few days it was too cold. Huh.
No I don't mind like um I don't mind the winter especially like if it snows um completely okay with it but if it's like if it's raining like every day it just makes me depressed.
Exactly like you don't know is it like it's the daytime or is it already
evening time or what's going on?
Yeah I mean everyone likes something different so
I'm
like
and for oh thank you I'm more for like um not too hot summer just so you can go outside like you are not completely overwhelmed with the heat. I like it when it's that way. And then um for the winter I need to have like at least a week off snow athletes, so I know it's wintertime
with that.
Yeah no before us it's just like some years we have a good amount of snow and some years there's nothing
or maybe something comes down, you're like oh yes it's about to snow, it turns into rain, so it's just
the ice party on the ice part, I don't like it either. Like I think it happened to me like once or twice, I was it was early in the morning, I left the house, I didn't drive too far just a few blocks and then suddenly the whole ice rain came down,
I was in the middle of you know the traffic so everyone was slamming on their brakes, I was like oh my god. So no
I
don't
now it gets that's too that's too dangerous, I
don't like him,
No
no you're right, that's, it's really not easy to drive like uh I'm okay with driving in the snow but you have to like, you have to be really careful and then you have to make sure like you don't yank your your will and then suddenly you're like somewhere in a ditch
and then once I remember um I don't remember where I was driving but I was driving up the hill and it's not a lot and I think there was also ice on the road. I don't, I don't remember that part but then, so I was trying to, I was trying to go up the hill and then I looked up, I saw this car was coming backwards towards me because it was like a bigger car and I guess I could not hit the brake or something so I thought was a color coming back backwards to me. I'm like, wait, am I looking correctly like or what's going on with my eyes? And then I waited two seconds. I said, oh my God, he's about to bump into me. So I just moved to the side carefully and then I saw him slide down all the way down and then he,
I think he hit another car or something. I was like, oh my
nothing at all. It's one of those, I think it was Lincoln or something. The car was a bigger one.
those
are,
yeah, I don't think he has any snow tires and those cars, like once they are out of control, it's hard to
So I was like, oh, and so then I was just part there for like five minutes. I'm like, oh my God, I hope this guy is okay. I hope this guy is okay. I mean somehow it's a little bit funny, but then I was like, oh my God, I was so scared
once
it's over. Yes. At that point I'm sure he was completely complete.
Exactly. It's not like it was going like the front was the right direction, he was sliding back like, you know, instead of going up, he was sliding back so I was
like, oh my
God, I hope you will. Yeah, I hope he is fine. But I couldn't do anything like
you cannot.
I made it like as soon as I made it out of the week, I saw him to slide by my car.
I
was like, oh my God, today was today. It's really not a good day to drive. So I just went straight home.
yeah. Sometimes I don't understand that part. Like efforts if the weather forecast says like it's going to snow, it's gonna be bad, you know, snow then why not close the school?
safety
safety,
I mean, I understand the feeling part, but at the same time used a lot to think about the safety
yeah,
some of them
are trying to open, some of them not, but then those who say we will open, they change their mind and say oh we do online classes so it's all over the place
to
be on.
definitely,
definitely.
Yeah, I mean it's, it's
going to be a mess, it's gonna, it's just gonna be a mess,
but like
there is no clear plan to be honest.
Like
this week they say, oh yeah, you are definitely going to have in person class next week is like, oh maybe we just do have half and then the other week is like, oh, maybe we should just do online classes and then the whole cycle starts.
It's
hard to be honest. It's hard.
It's
that
son.
September
Yeah, I mean it's just everyday stairs something every day. Like today, like the whole thing might be going down, but then tomorrow you might have, oh no, that's going up again. It's like, oh my God.
Yeah, I mean,
it's definitely,
Yeah, I mean, I wish everyone would be, you know, everyone would be just like, okay, I need to wear a mask. Okay. I'll wear a mask. Do I need to keep my distance? Okay. I'll just do it. I mean, it's not like it's gonna be forever Or for the next 20 years,
you know?
I mean that's
the
part.
I don't understand. How is this hoax, like that's the part I still don't understand and whatever explanation they give. It just doesn't make sense.
What
does it even mean? Ask a doctor why they wear a mask. I mean
I mean that's
hitting there. It's just a fashion statement or something.
If
I mean that's I get to be honest like I don't know. It's just
the
thing
is
The thing is like when I hear that the thing is I know it's you all right but it's also my right. Not guilty not to get
infected
not to catch
the virus from you. So you
have the right and I have the right to
that's
it's
just like
yeah, I think it was a few days ago on the news in some places they have the same problem like with protesters not wanting to wear a mask and not follow whatever guidelines they have. I think it's happening also in other countries a little bit but not it's not like it's not full blown like here but there are some people are like
you know.
I answered
there.
I was
going what was
going
in and that.
Yeah, that's
the
thing. I mean it's
not like
What
does
it
mean? What does it mean you can break? I mean you are not like you are not
shutting tipping, shut your mouth and your nose. I mean what does it mean? You cannot praise.
But then like
I was using those um like doctor's mask or nurses mask that one. Like I didn't like it. So I got a close one from
my doctor. So
I mean if
you cannot use this one then try to use another one. There is something for everyone. Don't tell me
you
cannot
breathe.
So
probably
are
they like passed out while they're operating on you or what I
mean
it just doesn't make sense.
also
with that one like this person says oh I have asked my, cannot agree with the mosque, but this person has the same um illness and she's wearing a mask she can bring is fine, she has no problems. Like how like What's different between
those 2?
So you don't want you don't want a mask on you if you cannot praise you don't want to get like oxygen
probably they would refuse the ventilator too. It's like no
that's my right
my
right to be sick. So don't put this thing on me. I mean it's just no.
just
Oh definitely. But I mean like I said it's just like some things that's going on. I'm having a hard time understanding it and um asking people to give okay what's your reasoning? The reason they give you it just doesn't make sense. It's like what what does that even mean? What? Oh oh it's my right okay. What does it mean? It's you all right who's taking away you all right? Yeah but you're forcing me to wear a mask. Yeah because we have a pandemic going on you know?
you
are not
the
doctor.
You are not the
I mean
I mean
the whole thing is just
I mean
yeah you don't decide like ok you guys don't have to
come to
school.
I mean
mean
the whole
thing is just I don't know
maybe I'm saying to myself maybe everyone got so excited to You know transition into 2020 then you um NEW Year. You know what I'm saying? Probably
everyone
was too excited. Yes. 2020 I guess. Yeah
That's our 2020
or definitely
not.
Before
they shut
down
everything.
but still it's a hassle like to get out and
then you have to quarantine yourself once you get here and you know.
but
you
know
do you remember like the what was the ship docked at? Was it some somewhere in California? Those people couldn't get off for days
and
days. Those are american
citizens.
there isn't so so can you
just
because your citizens you know
you cannot count
on.
I
mean it's just
the
words.
the worse it gets.
That's the thing
like take all of them down and then you know put them somewhere and give them medical attention
so it doesn't
get worse. but I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. Are they 2? two dogs are one.
Why
am
I not
in there?
Yeah. Why am I not included? Wait wait wait. I want to be in the camera
and
the dark
years there.
I mean that's what every
dog does. If they don't know you of course they bark at you first
and then.
said an alarm.
this
game.
There uh
talking
to you. What time is at your place at the moment? You guys are probably ahead.
we have to see him so it's the same.
4 28
year
here too. The last time the person I had spoken with and I think she was somewhere
from the west side and there were
They were like
two hours
behind us. So
talking to you too.
You two stay safe.
Bye.