Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. That was treated with bacteria. Go ahead. Mhm. Check for right something. Yeah. Thanks. Uh huh. What you eat mm. Mhm. Oh yeah Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Great.
Hi how are you?
No.
Yeah good thanks. So whereabouts are you? I live in Northern New york like a lot on the ST Lawrence river by Canada.
it's okay.
while it gets so cold but you know everybody's got a weather complaint I guess no matter where they live.
Oh we've driven through this beautiful.
we
had
um my daughter in law is originally from Vietnam and she immigrated to this country and then she met my son and married him and she moved to texas that when she moved here and
so they came up for a visit I think the year before they got married or the year after. So she could see snow for the first time and it did not the point the river was frozen, she got to walk on it, it's not a bunch. So she was, she was jazz sexy, she said, but she didn't like it enough to live here.
Yeah, it was way too old. Yeah.
You know, I feel the same way about the rain. I don't care if it rains a day or two to water the flowers and stuff, but it's one that's great, constantly great.
But
well and then I and that's like, because my son loves the dreary days, like he like he will go for walks and then in the rain and whatever and my daughter doesn't seem to bother either way. The people I work as I like to, this is dave doesn't bother you and they're like not really like, okay, I'm sure abolish other people though.
That's a
pretty
pretty fireplace.
Mhm Who are you guess
we get so much snow sometimes. Like the guy who drives, who plows our driveway because we have a long driveway, he's like, I'm just gonna wait till the end of the day. Okay, good luck buddy.
yep. You're too
Better than I. So that's what I that's what I can't.
Yeah, it's crazy and scary.
just
help
me get Huh?
Well
I grew up in central florida and then moved up here because of my husband lived here and so when I want to drive, everything's flat in florida and there's no ice and I think the whole time I was there, it snowed once, It was like you said, it snows and it just melts. So it took me forever to learn to drive in size, terrified, like, like I was afraid if I stepped on the brake, the car was just going to keep going forever, like nothing was gonna stop.
So
Well gosh,
So
No, no traction at all. Nothing
big car. Yeah.
You
could have snow tires. Yeah.
like a toboggan, like a big sled. Yeah. Yeah.
Well it's probably funny to him now too. So you know like there's a day when I slid backwards the whole way down the hill,
you know?
that's the spirit helpless right? Like helpless.
Good
runway.
Well at least
people at least at least you could get out of his way though. That's probably the best thing to Yeah.
That's
crazy.
Well we only I only live because I teach middle school english And the war where I work is only about seven miles away. And it's pretty for those parts pretty flat but it's the path that the road goes right along the river. And so on the days we get a lot of snow it's usually because we live right along the river and um a lot of it ends up being slushy and icy. You get every once in a while a snow day. Um But we've been at school before God we've been at school before on days when we didn't get snow day and then the snow keeps coming down and coming down and coming. It's just like you look out the window like holy cow how am I going to get home you know? And so then a lot of time what they'll do is they if they're gonna send the kids home early they won't do it till they've eaten their lunch. Which you know I get that's fair and by then so if we just stayed home to begin with We have been a lot better off because by then there's all the snow on the road and just you know there's a lot more traffic now because some parents won't let their kids get on the bus when the weather is bad and I'm just driving 20 praying. Yeah.
Yeah. Who's at her? I mean they have snow days factored in to the schedule every year. The board of education they put say five to say five snow days in and if we don't use them just give them back to us anyway. Like we can't be like an extra day off for to say easter. Um Just like what who is it hurting? I mean I know they're they're concerned about the kids getting fed but okay. Also be concerned about the kids getting
hurt about
the accident, you know? Yeah.
Did you did your schools they're closed like in March or april? All right.
I was Did you? Yeah, I was are you guys opening back up or just doing
home
uh here too.
They said
Because the school where I teach, I mean the town that I live in, it's called Clayton New York. It's only like 1700 people live here. It's a little school and it's like the next over town, Cape Vincent and Clayton. So like next year I might have a total of 70 students for English. Which is not a lot because you know, some teachers get like 150. Um Yeah, so they keep saying how they're going to open Like from 730 to 1230 and then send the kids home and then the kids are going to stay in their rooms all day and then the teachers are going to circulate. These are middle school kids, you know how crazy they are there
there are very and see
okay, I don't know who thought of this, but maybe in theory it works And I'm willing to give the shop and in practice you're gonna make the kids sit for five hours and then send them home and expect that they're going to finish the rest of their school day online
or
no.
And it's simple. Yeah,
you're either you're
either
Yeah, here too. They gave three options. First option was just what you said in person classes. Like nothing ever happened, like there's no pandemic and of course they can't do that. And then the second option was stay at home. Excuse me if the hiccups. And then the third option was what I just told you about, which seems to be worse to both of them honestly. Um I don't know I mean I'm try to be optimistic and joyful person but right now I don't have a clue. Our school
starts
when you don't know what really if you're helpless, you know it's like how can I really? First class is I
can't
and
then some parents get mad because they think the whole thing is a hoax then other parents get mad because they don't want their kids going to school. So my daughter is like just chillax. You can't you can't change it. I'm like oh I know but yeah I need to still get ready for I mean we start school on eight September and they pushed they pushed that up, it was the second or like earlier
and they gave us. Yeah. So so I don't know by then it will be different anyway.
I think the thing that scares me the most is that's how people get used to the death that's happening. Maybe not get used to have a desensitized because I read a headline yesterday, the news in the newspaper that said the coronavirus cases are going down but still 1000 people a day are dying and like okay I guess in the grand scheme of the whole world, 1000 people is not a lot, but from one particular thing. Oh okay. You know I think it seems like a lot to me 1000 people today
at least work
no something to take precautions against.
and
even if you know and I have some friends that I used to work with that it don't work with anyone want me in particular He thinks the whole thing is a hoax and he's not going to wear a mask. I'm like okay then stay away from people, you know? Stay home, don't worry your mess, do your shopping online, okay if you wear a mask, just
the
wrong
people
stupid. His explanation today was well ask a doctor why they wear a mask? And I didn't I didn't respond. I was like no
that's too dumb.
that's I know that's just for the reason that we wear masks so we don't spread disease. But
I
not already seen he married a really good friend
of mine. He's a nice man. He's just not evidently a very intelligent man. But um
It seems like it's just the United States to it's like all the other countries in the world, everybody's holding hands and acting as a team and americans are like this is against my rights. I'm like oh my God Just the
F Team
Player
one needs.
No
Ray frankly
but
it
yeah it's
embarrassing a little
bit
breath in the world's like what's wrong with those people and like I don't know it's not everybody just a loud ones.
Oh. Oh yeah are
you still there? Okay I
lost
different, I lost
you for
well
means
it just it just makes me up, makes me feel bad. I mean what it there's I don't see what the harm is
you
know
so
look at me, everybody looks the same everybody. I mean I had a mask on today and I was talking to a lady was on the other side of a You know those partitions they put up the fucking bus and he had a mask on and you know, I'm 63 I don't hear beautifully. And I could hear everything she was saying and she could hear everything I was saying and both had a mask on. So and then people are like, well you can't breathe. Like I'm 63
I
can
breathe.
No.
No, I think it's just I think it's just an excuse me. I know,
ridiculous.
That's
that's what I did. I am
the
I
did
this
thing. Yeah. Well, right. Because surgery surgeons in the operating room, sometimes they're in there for like 10 hours, but they're not they're not breathing the whole
time.
I
mean,
I
know
it doesn't. But I think, I think it's just an excuse so people don't like I have asthma when my granddaughter has asthma, she wears a mask because she works like, oh yeah, think
of it.
It
they're just rationalizing so they can be right, but oh and they know what to okay, so don't wear a mask and get sick and then how are you going to breathe? You know, because this illness makes you not be able to breathe, So what are you gonna do then?
Yeah. Try try try ventilator then. Right. Yeah.
No.
it's
my
Yes. I have a right to be this dumb. My daughter says uh too bad. My daughter also says to best being stupid isn't a crime. It's like if
it was a crime, a lot of people would be in a lot of trouble, I think.
Who would've thought we got in february when well prior to february because one of the things we we like to do as english teachers because I teach a lot of literature, but I also have to teach, you know, the news nonfiction. And so that was right when we were starting to find out about COVID-19. And so there were a bunch of news articles about it. So we read about it, read about it, write about it, read about it. So, and I think we left school March like early March, like one day we were there and the next day everybody was gone. It was so crazy. Like no heads up, nothing but the kids. So we were we were, you know, having school online, they're like, oh, that's just what we read about in your class. I'm like, yeah, this is what we read about. And they were asking me did you know this was a pandemic. And I was like, how do I hope and I know where you guys live. It's not like I have, you know, friends in like the world health organization. Because they were like, why don't you tell us? I'm like,
I
didn't
know
too
well,
why don't you tell us we weren't coming back to school? I was like, I didn't know we weren't coming back. I mean that's how sudden it was. It was really, we would, but they made the kids take their computers home. So I was like, what's going on there? Because middle school kids don't bring home their computers and they're like, no, no, I'm rescuing your computer home. And I was thinking, okay, let's thinking like Snow Day or you know what?
I was thinking,
the kids are mad. And I was like, hey, it wasn't my car, not even close to my call, you
know,
no
more.
No, because if I could do that. Like every day I woke up with a headache, I'd be like, okay schools, schools cancel because my hand hurts. So you guys have fun. Yeah. Yeah. It would be more like that. Or
we're not going to class today, we're going to watch movies. But no, I wouldn't really do that. They would
like
to.
I know.
I don't
know.
No,
20 not living up to the expectation.
That's
yeah. And my daughter in law because she went home for the test for the new year and she was over Vietnam when stuff really started going downhill here, especially in new york city. And so my son is like, you have to come home before
they don't
let you
come.
Yeah, but, but she was fine and her family's fine. So they were okay. Um It was still is terrifying. I mean she could have gotten stuck there if she waited maybe just another couple of days. Um She's a naturalized american citizen. But
One
yeah and I was just worried because she was you know asian that they wouldn't give her priority, you know because you know the china virus or whatever they were calling it, that stupid thing. Um I was just worried for was like they better let her, she's an american. I don't know,
I just worried
about
it.
The
young
until
half of them were dead were crying out loud. So many of them got sick and died. Yeah.
That
no,
no.
they were
right there. Yeah. I can't even imagine like if my parents are and I would try to figure out a way to still some off to sneak them off. They're called the navy seals or something, but I couldn't
imagine.
And the longer they kept him, I don't know why. They just didn't take them off. Quarantine to like hospital, put him in hospital room, leave him alone because the more they interacted with each other, the sicker, you know, the more likelihood
they
would get sick.
Yeah. Yeah, it was crazy.
But
No,
and
especially if it's a lot of them, I guess to a retirement age. Yeah, from what I understand, the older you are, the horse that, you know, it bothers you. Um, I don't know if you can hear my dogs wine.
Two little dogs, their little black Pomeranians there in the kennel and they have a little Cajun the and put it in and they know I'm in here talking and they're like, who's she talking
to? How come she's the one because if I
let
him out
Exactly, they would be climbing all over and every time he talks they'd be like who is that?
I mean and they're they're old to their like nine years old each so you know they're like my age in
doggy
years
but you haven't calmed down at all, I'm like could you guys give me a break? But they're funny um they love, people love them like they bark at everything but because they're afraid because they're vicious
and
Williams
that it's like when people come in and sit down, they're like, oh we were just waiting for your kid here so we could lick you all over and not everybody likes. So I'm like they're just little dogs. But yeah, my son gave them to me for my birthday oh nine years ago. Yeah. And I thought he bond for his wife because they were visiting from Tennessee and I was like that's not the kind of dogs that Natalie wanted, she's not gonna like those dogs. And then when he brought them in, just the two little puppies and he flopped him in my lap and I was like uh huh, this isn't what Natalie wanted, and he says those are for you. And I was like, oh so my little grandson, I think he is two, maybe three at the time and he saw one of them and he says because he could barely talk, he says bear because they're so fluffy and And I said well that's their 25 minutes. Um
I did only because I talked a lot about that forever, you'll be like ok, I gotta go get dinner. Um But anyway, so we named him bear because because Williams said there and then the other and we named Foxy because I don't want to give them people names. You know? Then you meet somebody with your
dog's
name, you know? You know what I mean? Rick, my daughter's name is ruth. Ruth. Are you th like in the bible? And a couple of years ago, a lady that I worked was named her dog Ruthie. And I was like, who names a dog? So bad. Did it for me. I was like, now they're getting people, they're not getting people named Snow. Uh funny,
like I'm going to talk to you. It was very pleasant. So you're
so outgoing.
now For its 4 28.
Yeah, I think we're straight up and down the same time zone. Yeah.
You
know?
Well,
there
I
didn't
Behind that's it. I was Thank you for their weight. Nice to talk to you.
Stay healthy.
Um Yeah, bye for