hi I'm Denise to just making sure you can hear me okay.
Yeah. Yes I sure can. Hi amy Mhm.
No I had one that was supposed to be like super early in the morning and uh and when I was on there but then the person never showed up so so
just
to make this evening more fun for you were having puppies right now so I gotta go sit over but the dog,
no
isn't
that crazy?
Yeah so there's a little puppy right there and if you can see there you go, there's a little puppy so I have to sit over here and babysit, I'm a nurse to I'm working from home so
Actually having puppies, she just had one about 30 minutes. Yeah I know they're going to get all this recording.
No she's fine, my daughter's here. She's
if I need her.
any I I what exactly are we just supposed to converse about anything? Give a
little
back?
Yeah
Yeah. Oh you're in shock okay I'm
Portland Oregon. Oh yes yeah I've
been to
Chicago
oh have you for work or for
pleasure?
Yeah it's definitely it's I'm Portland born and raised, it's definitely beautiful during the summer the winters can get a little dark and gloomy um have to have some outdoor activities but right now I'm like the weather is beautiful, there's tons of hiking and um lots so um yeah
no
All
eventually
for sure. Well and then it's so nice because um you've got Like from Portland as you know it's like an hour a little over an hour to the beach. From I live I live more on the east side of Portland and it's about 45 minutes to the mountain and then if you really want sunshine just over the mountain to bend and then you've got 370 sunshine. So
that's
kind
of the beauty. Yes, I love bent, I could, I could definitely, I'm more of a outdoorsy kind of like to hike and kayak and, and uh do those type of things. So that's definitely bend is a nice zen place for me.
Well
it's,
we just
Children. I have four
Children I have
if we left a little bit of connection, I was talking the good popcorn in Chicago. Mhm Yeah.
Yes, especially at the airport, got to load up on that before you leave. Yeah, thank you.
So what do you, what do you do for work?
So
Yeah.
It is.
And
I really appreciate the prolific because I was, you know, rather than, you know, as far as like, you know, I mean I I do have like a little video game I play on my phone but just kind of being able to take surveys, there's a lot of I've learned and actually made me kind of reflect on um and I think especially with the surveys as we're going through the BLM and just kind of there was one survey in particular that really caught my attention I was talking about because I'm a white woman and um just about marketing and like asking about different, you know, different companies over the clothes
or accessories, et cetera and how
they're marketing. Who are they marketing to And it really, it really made me stop and think that we we are everything is being marketed to, you know, a certain ethnicity and that was kind of disturbing to me. It didn't, I hadn't really thought about it too much um but yeah, just kind of a lot of thought provoking type things and made me reflect on, you know, on my own self so
mm. Right.
Well and I think that that your opinion matters and a lot of the, you know, I really appreciate a lot of these are, you know, looking at, you know, grad students um as far as, you know their surveys
and and kind of whatever their dissertation that they're working on those types of things, but I feel like hey, I'm actually helping contribute to something. So
that's that's the word I was looking for the academic research, it's not like, you know, what, what brand
of sparkling water do you like it?
What?
Mhm.
definitely I've been working from home since March and I actually I'm a nurse but I'm a nurse case manager with with infectious disease of all things and and so it's been pretty crazy. Um And just also see the perspective from my I. D. Doctors and what's
really happening um and what their fears are and where they see us kind of going from here. Um So yeah it's been it's been challenging. I'm pretty much wearing sweats, I probably should put some makeup on um not my usual retire but it's it's interesting just and also I'm sure you've heard about Portland and all the rights that we've had. You know I live all that type of thing and um so it's just a different different time right now for sure And I think a lot of changes for everybody and I don't think anybody has gone unscathed from, you know, whether it's where from us, where we go, um, from, you know, learning other people's values and, you know, and views and how they feel and we're in a, you know, uh, an interesting political climate too, so
wonderful. Oh, wow. Okay.
What?
What?
Okay.
No.
No.
No.
I
mean
the same.
And
shit.
Hi.
Well, and, and it's so, yeah, it's so interesting and I, you know, as far as the riots we've had here we are having far and above and like what you're saying and I'm sure you never heard from from your friend who lives in Portland to we're having a lot of peaceful protests. It's better after the sun goes down that we have a few bad people that are a turning into riots, otherwise starting with peaceful protests. But then you have, I mean, we've even had documented Antifa and here and you know, kind of taking over, so it's those opportunists who are taking that taking a good cause and making it into something of their
own cause and and making it back and that's the kind of the sad part because
That
What?
Yeah, that's
and
and
that's the unfortunate
Well, and then we've had where, you know, when it comes to the looting and you know um you know breaking into businesses and all of that, a lot of those businesses are owned by black citizens with within our community. So it's like, are you are you really are you helping here? You're certainly not. And that's it. That's not the cars. And and I also think back to I have I work for a large medical system providence here within and it covers like about five states. Um and one thing I can see is that and I talked about this, I was asked to be on like I've been on ethics committees, other things like that, but about diversity. And I was like, we need to and I have a son, my oldest son is 30, he's biracial and it's this we need to quit just saying ok. You know, we hear you, hear you hear you? It's like we need to start asking those questions. What do you need, what does this look for you? Rather than I feel we do so much of like, let's put together a diversity, um, you know, committee and let's check off that box and it's full of white people. It's like, what are we doing here? Are we just re pacifying? Because I feel like that's what we've done the time and we just keep checking off the box. I mean when do we and you know, when do we say yes? And I've heard people say, well white lives matter too. And like that's not the point white lives have always mattered. That what? And I've been in the car when my son has been racially profiled, caught me totally off guard. Didn't even realize what in the world was happening until after it all happened. I go I had to ask, I was because I was trying to process it. I was like, did that just happen I guess. Yeah. And it's not the first time. And I'm like, whoa! Here I am. I have a biracial child. White woman didn't even get it. So uh you know, I think we're at a time a really pivotal time. Can you know that we can start making change and I'm really hoping that this happens for women too, because we have that glass ceiling effect, especially in corporate America every corporation I've ever worked for. There are far more men and in the C suites than there are women in the C suites. Um and you know when you are, I think they tend to get that I'm just totally flying off here off topic, but when they're powerful and in the fight for what they want, they, you know, they can be considered maybe not so women like um but
you
know,
Mhm.
What?
Guess
it
is.
Not
being young,
And that can only only create that kind of like what we're talking about, the domino effect for those
other groups that are marginalized, whether we're, you know, we're talking about um you know, as far as, you know, immigrants and um you know, just, you know, from women to other races that are marginalized. It just all kind of, I think if you can move that the blm you're going to be seeing everything else in its path, just kind of,
you know, taking, taking place in and it's gonna kinda reminds me of just like, this big bulldozer or the train, it's just this train that's going to just open up the way and I, you know, I'm talking with my kids to, especially being teenagers and my daughter has been very enlightening to me because of social media, that's different, why I just turned 50. So I'm more of the, I mean, I can work with technology, more technology naive versus native, um that social media that they are empowered to have their voices where, you know, my generation and no, I'm not a boomer, will tell the kids that do not call me a boom, where I'm a gen X, but that,
You know, 80s baby, you know, kind of, uh, it was just a different time and we didn't have that technology. I mean anything I did, the kid isn't on social media, which is amazing.
The
operative.
I
know, I'm like, oh thank God I survived that. Um, but you know, I think with everything that's happening, I don't think it's necessarily a coincidence that we have all these changes happening at once. Sometimes it's
something,
you know, you think about like stars being born and there has to take some sort of catastrophic, you know, astronomical type thing in order for that beautiful start to be born. And sometimes it takes that, I think we've been in a very stagnant place for a long time. I think our last real when we have the kind of the economy type thing, but Uh, when we had kind of the crash like 2008, but prior to that was probably 9, 11 and that was people who, like my kids were too young back then to really remember that. That was a huge shake up to our whole society, to our whole world. Um You know, what's happened post them and I think it's, you know, these always try to look at the bright side and what good can come out of this if anything, especially with the pandemic. If nothing, I think you see a lot less colds, we're gonna see a lot less flip, we're
going to
see people washing their hands. Um you know, being realizing that if you cough and sneeze into your hands, it's hello, you know, just more better hygiene. I think we're going to just be a little more conscientious of that. I think handshakes is probably gonna be going away, which is one of the things we've, you know, traditionally taken over. You know, maybe from the uh more aristocratic society that maybe we should have done away with, you know, a while ago um That we're past that now you don't you know we can we can greet without shaking hands and spreading germs and still being oh.
Right. You
know and
I think
with
Sorry.
Of course.
Well,
oh we did. We just had enough. We just said I hope to show you they're all cleaned up. Here's a little, I don't know if you can see a little puppy. Let's show a little puppy. There we go. Okay, I don't know. Where is the camera? Oh there's a little puppy and you can see it here. Let's do it that way
back. I'll give you a hey Bella, we had another one. Yeah. I don't know. You better check. I'm on I'm on a per lift. My daughter's like what are you doing, mom?
Um So we've they're they're pure bred puppies. And so they've gone to the forever home. We actually had I don't know if I mentioned we had where they were, Our girl was supposed to be fixed um During during covid, like we had it all set up for an appointment and then Covid happens, it was only emergency. So we have both the male and the female. So last letter.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So my daughter is helping me out
interview on prolific
sand.
She's from Chicago. What's your first name
get in
here?
Day lisa
we
got.
Oh, me too. I I don't I don't even know. How long are we supposed to stay on the car?
two minutes ago my daughter's asking. It is
one. So
so 1 21 12. The puppy was born. Okay. There you go. You
got all that excitement
on there. I bet you didn't get that on the other calls.
Mhm. Yeah, you kind of let them do their thing. Um Oh if there's a third one born, okay, you're here for that too. Um There uh kind of let the mom kind of do her thing. Uh and she will she will let me know when it's not doing okay okay, but let let mom take care of it, we try not to panic.
No, no, she she's got it. Yeah, she's just got it.
I know it's
a bit it's very
exciting.
Well yeah, usually mom will take care of them and it's not an issue. There's one time where there's two times where I've had to like jump in. Um There's one time where mom was taking care of him, like okay, tell me when you want me to jump in, and then she just left the puppy and I'm like, okay, time for me to jump in and just kind of give a little stimulation and stuff. And so there are what? Well, it's
Oh. Oh, they're so, I mean they're part of your family, you know?
No.
What?
You
know,
Right, especially after 20 years, have you had a dog in between them at all?
Uh
He's like, you know, I'm kind of here, you're just gonna have to wait until I crossed over and I know what?
Right, That's good. It's those that are feisty that stay around for a while. So I know I find
that with patients it's the only ones that just refuse sometimes locked out the conversation, like in their in hospice and I'm like, it's okay to let go. It's OK, well, sweet. Yeah, I think we've got three now. I'm sitting by
him
now.
Sometimes. I was not able to this time. That's gotten an X ray where you're able to count the spines. Okay. Thank you Bella. Yeah, I want to start daughter. So yeah, she's having she's having to breathe deeply right now.
What happens at the end of the call? Do we just log off
and then
take the survey afterwards or?
Gotcha.
Maybe.
No, no, it's fine. As I mean, as long as I have a counter going, it looks like it's 20. Is it 27 minutes? What do you have on your end?
Well, it's been so nice talking to you. I really like this. This is great.
Our litter. Thank
you. Thank
you.
Yes, thank you. And I'm glad you enjoy Portland when you come.
All right. Sounds good. Nice talking with you. Amy.