Hi
Yeah, I'm amy, can you hear me?
Have you participated in these before
that
happens.
Oh my goodness,
that's
infinity
movement.
Holy cow. Do you mean your dog is actually having puppies right now?
yeah. Oh you're going to be talking to me while you're do you have to go?
I'm
I feel so lucky it Uh huh
I
think
so, I've done this a couple of times um and it's been really interesting just because I feel like I've met people like strangers from everywhere um
I mean not everywhere, but like I met someone from new york and then someone was like a teenager from the south and it's just been really interesting talking to people outside of Ireland Chicago
and
I've
been
to Portland a lot.
No,
my like best friend lives in Portland, so I've spent tons of time in Portland. Yeah, I love Portland.
My um my brother
and his family live in Seattle and they've
lived there for like 15 years. So um my family, my mom is in Michigan, so I'm in Chicago and I'm kind of staying here just to kind of Stay closer to her because she's in her 70s. But yeah, I spent like every spare moment I have either in like somewhere in the pacific northwest or California, like I think
I'm bound for the west coast somehow.
I've
been
there.
Yeah, I really enjoyed it there too, I feel like I'm trying to think of I've been there a couple of times
but I went um cross country skiing there one time um and then I went there in the summer last summer on that last summer the summer
before.
But
just taking
thank your video is frozen. Yeah. Hello? Mhm. There you are.
Garrett's popcorn,
it's
I'm a graphic designer
and I um I work for myself so I like before Covid happens what's already working from home. So yeah, I started doing prolific surveys just because I felt like I had extra time and um
I don't really do it that often, but I always grab, I grab these because I feel it's really fun to just like talk to people from wherever.
Excellent,
interesting.
What?
And.
Yeah, I find that to some or it's just giving me the opportunity to um
to write. Like sometimes they are these open ended questions and I feel like I've been drawn to it because of that more than you know that it's just this like extra few dollars here and there. But um
that.
I like it too. I mean for that reason that it's it's academic research.
What?
Right. It's more than just consumer habits. Yeah, I agree totally. It's kind of interesting,
but yeah,
we've had like such a big covid problem in Chicago. I feel like, yeah, it's just I'm always doing zoom and face time, you know, to keep in touch with people on my meetings are virtual now, so. Yeah,
That.
Oh, I know. It's I have I've lived in Chicago most of my whole adult life. I moved here right after college and so and I'm involved in urban agriculture as a hobby
on the west side of the city and
I feel like with everything that's going on, um growing has taken on a whole new level of meaning
as far as really helping
communities stay focused and stay positive and you know, with what's going on in Chicago with regard to the gang violence and then the looting that's happened downtown. You know, it's just really been this culmination of of everything that's been going on, you know, with regard to the pandemic, but then all these things that existed before that, and so it just feels like here everything is coming to a head somehow, and there are so many community organizations um that are doing really important work and everybody is ready, you know, that these organizations are stepping up and providing resources for people and um, you know, just providing
an avenue that doesn't involve violence and you know, it's I feel like
here we've had some pretty intense protests to not anything like what you had in Portland, but I feel
like I feel like those are balanced with all of this good work that's
going
on and
you know, there's this attitude of like our love will be powerful, you know, and it's
and and that's how for me, like what's helped
me keep focused and all of this, otherwise, I mean there are days I just felt completely helpless and devastated and and like as also a white woman feel anyway, what the heck can I do? You know, it's I feel like I need to just get out of the way,
you know? And but but my friends, I have many, many friends that are black and have been my friends for many, many years and I feel like you know, everyone's just can encouraged me to just be an advocate, like I have been and keep doing what I'm doing and you know, not take on this like mega roll and out of the movement and and that's okay, you know?
And
it's really sad and that's that that's what's going on here too, but it's not the same cast of characters, you've got like Black Lives Matter protesters and all of the supporters of Black Lives Matter, who are by and large, hugely peaceful and these massive protests and it's sending the message that needs to be going
out there, but then there are like these um just who again,
it's like criminal, criminal
minded people
that
are
looting places. Yeah.
Right. Right. I mean
it
and if if um
what am I trying to say? We're
advocating for black rights and quality for women's rights, like that has uh an effect on everybody's rights that is positive. So it's it's all good like all of this work, I mean, I know we're in a really, really um stressful situation right now and none of this is easy, nothing super clear, but it's just the overarching feedback that I get from from the community where I live is that we're on a train and it's moving so
you know get on board
and and we're
going someplace, so it's you know the election and you know, all of it is moving in this direction, that
it's
beautiful and it is about peace and it is about true equality and everybody is being lifted up because this group that's been mistreated for hundreds of years is being lifted up, you know, it's um
Dad.
Well
You too?
Likewise,
I'm
in my 40s and I'm so happy that about
that.
I agree
with you.
and
that.
Yeah, I mean it's it is crazy how all these things are happening at the same time and it's like we're having this election in november and yeah, there seems to be all this energy behind um you know, electing a new president and who knows what will happen like really?
But
I know
like what I was going to say
is even if trump is reelected, I feel
like there's this game plan forming
for what to do
because you know, that's the worst case scenario. Do you have more puppies?
Oh my God! Oh my gosh, so cute
talking to the stranger, wow, that is so exciting. Do you keep the puppies?
Oh that's so exciting.
That's awesome.
Good
job. Hi!
It's a, me, what is your first
name?
I forgot
to lisa. Okay,
I'm so bad
with names.
Um I think it's like 20 minutes, wait, let me pick.
025,
minutes.
that's
fine.
No, that's really amazing. I mean I didn't realize, I guess I've never seen a cat or dog having babies like you just kind of let them do their thing.
yeah, if you have to like go do that.
so exciting.
Thanks.
My
heart started beating a bit faster. Thank you,
My my pet situation is that I have this cat that's like 20 and I've had him since he was a kitten and he just sleeps all the time and he's really sweet, I love him very much, but it's not that exciting.
He is and I really he was a gift and I wasn't expecting
to have a cat at all and I was kind of a dog person,
so I am really um
attached
to him now.
no, I had a dog before I had a cat
and yeah, so and he maxes my cats and he's looking at me he knows I'm talking about him. Um He he doesn't like any other animals so.
Which could be quite a while. He's very feisty
and.
You
know how many puppies are being born? Like how many
will be born
that's amazing.
Come
on.
Yeah there's like a bunch of questions. It might take like 5 10 minutes to do the questions. Yeah.
All right
I feel bad keeping you on this call. It's your having puppy moon.
Oh. Oh yeah we can go. It's mine says 28.
I know it it was great talking with you too. Good luck with the rest of your
experience.
It's
friendly. Lots of good vibes for healthy birds.
Yeah I'll be back I'm sure
nice talking to you too. Bye.