love. Good
afternoon.
Good damn good. How are you doing?
All right,
so where are you coming from? Which area? And come from Silicon Valley san hoodie. Well what it hi over. Oh wow. How is the
weather today?
How is the weather? Is it hard today?
it's been It's the same thing about 75. How was your day so far?
you have a day off of work? I'm on a roll now.
Yeah. Right now. You know what how see receiving.
Yeah, it's nothing much all morning. That's one guy come in for a drop up ups. That's a
it's a printing and mailing, doing printing and mailing. Yeah. So
do we have snow in your area? What you
do?
There's a lot of fire in California California. There's a fire
yeah. Still running in the napa, you know the white
country? Yeah. Good morning everyone.
Okay. Have you have you ever been to last week?
No, last speakers never been
there.
All right man. My kids and I went to his friends but it's really hot. You know they love swimming so. Mhm. Because they lie hot stuff, you know? Where did you go on the last vacation? Did you like to travel and stay home?
Dr
Crew
is not. Yeah.
Mhm. You have any kids?
You have one
at three yeah
12 10 and eight. two girls and one boy every two years.
Uh huh. Yeah. So my wife to stay home doing by making baby following me is working,
take care
of the
kids.
What kind of what you normally doing?
to make
you're making the bad like.
Yeah. Okay. Besides your work, do you have, do we do any chi applying side using it like you would stop and all that stuff is I mean?
You
know
you
know I know but you had you had to complete at least one before they're sending you the work and pocket.
I did I did that it's quite good you know depends depends on the market but it's good You can make it 100 bucks a day for like four or 5 hour.
But
Hello?
Yeah I like Uber eats better.
Yeah I've been doing Uber and then stop and Uber it and then doing about us you know I made a couple of 100 then stop every month so
like
people
back in mind that's it you
know at
your
money.
no they only paid for there's some there's some other you need the debit card from them but they're not gonna aside until the welcome kid coming in. So any other right now is that the sea border allow you go to Mcdonald's and pick it up or Starbucks and pick up draining and they are quick and easy and then make sure you put in your car. So some of them like one mark deliver you go to War Mark and then you back on the spotting and you pick up the order. Such a great There's one time I actually get $25 for a tip from where my pick up. Yeah. Yeah for the delivery they have a 79 item. It took me about half an hour. The government anyway.
But it depends you know some people don't tip at all and then and then you got
all I haven't now for like Moving 70 Nice Stuff, a lot of stuff, a lot of items for them. You know what I mean?
Well it got better in 1550. You go there you expect to but somebody doesn't do it. So. Yeah.
I
remember a lot last year you know before the pandemic Uber last then you got a lot of tips to this. My biggest there is a one time On Uber I worked like one day and make like almost $450 for one day
Perhaps
keep is one person people like 80 bucks for that day. So I made like it was something my big east earning sofa too
bad
and
then
now it's too bad. The pandemic status and I start doing you but why now? I don't pick up people only doing food on them. Yeah. With.
Yeah I stopped doing that. I don't pick up people anymore.
Okay.
Mhm.
Today uh from day or amazon, do you buy anything at amazon today
you
think?
prime, they had a couple of years going on and everybody is well young stuff you know like I was a top lit and fire tv who's going about that stuff you know. Mm
everybody
here is so it's
not getting
by.
Yeah. So in your area do you got to have some kind of like eating Alberta like
California?
you know we'll go here is actually very good.
Yeah. Very good. My kids love it. Every time they want burger it means going to even out, they don't like Mcdonald's uh can can you anything early one only.
Okay. Mhm. You can have a lot of granny's restaurant over there, a lot of
playing christ Yeah.
there's a lot a lot of Vietnamese in this area in my home in Silicon Valley, a lot of Vietnamese chinese here so
one million.
But yeah keep you're watching you guys spot.
baseball, soccer. I don't like
I'm
like
soccer, european football.
Yeah I know nothing. I've been here for a 15 year and I know nothing about American superman. Yeah but it's about to even even my company. They had a group to play um shop. Oh I play too but I didn't even know the rules but just the boy tall and then hit the ball but I don't know. Okay with this. Yeah.
You
hear
the ball? What?
Yeah 7% thing you know. Uh huh.
Right. How how is your kid doing on studies um stay home doing your life?
Yeah. My tweak. It had to stay home doing online every day. That's sad. They pay much learning learning but not much.
yep. Their home every day.
Yeah. Yeah boy better Give Me 1 2nd. Somebody somebody come. Yeah thank you. Okay the mail guy. There's no no we'll take a second thing today.
Yeah they like that you know my country haven't fully open yet. Only a couple of people come in. One or two people.
What is that?
Well sorry man my internet connection is you know I'm sitting in the warehouse connect to the wifi. Yeah.
Yeah that was really this I'm at work right now so I had to connect to my phone for the L. T. So I'm not able to connect to the communist you know So
do you All right? Do you what do you got a movie when your freedom?
I was when I was young and watching some kind of scam a movie from chinese movie chinese horror. And I remember the until this day. It's very crazy better time when I sleep and then thinking about it. It's got a lot,
yeah, I gathered somewhere unknown there for me.
You have to eat pizza. Any
kind
of
pizza and like
chinese food.
Maybe fraud.
Okay. Right, so you guys go to panda Express what I mean?
No.
Okay. Mhm.
So
my son, you know my two royal, they eat Vietnamese food to chinese food, anything
but my slam, he only eat american food, burger, pizza, chicken nugget now any kind of, you know think that easy. He didn't want to do too much stuff like, you know people are chinese people you don't want to give chopstick, you just want to wrap a hamburger and putting it now. That's it quick and easy.
Just
go,
it's pretty much the same chinese a little bit less. I, you know chinese food. A lot of boys, they have different one boy.
Yeah that's a lot of boys seasoning. Yeah. My wife opened, he doesn't want to eat any kind of american food. She only cook for herself. You know she stayed home more of the time so she didn't want to go out. She's up for sale and the way to do it differently. So
every time we go to restaurants you know they say no good. The very moment one.
All right. It's really like you got a restaurant and it's something right? And then you just say it's no good. Better stay on faster.
So
everything
yeah you know she lied the ways of coping. So different kinds season. Yeah wow.
Oh yes. Everything going up in my area. They act like two or three bucks. Used to be like 11 bucks for lunch now at least 16 blood tip. You know like 17 and 18 bucks if you sit down the restaurant now
everything is a late meeting. But my taxes and tape. Yeah. Our pocket at least send him back. You know they advise the minimum wage to like $15 and then everything going up from supermarkets and lunch, everything. Then I was 500 years and then let's add another cost to the restaurant like pick up free or whatever. I mean also mad milk. Mhm.
Now you know the costs going up everything
but.
You don't want any more kids.
No
more.
Okay. I had training. That's it. I'm done. I have said to me no more.
Yeah, I'm done. That's hmm happier. We've traveled to anywhere besides California. I mean in the U. S.
I mean
we have a travel outside the country.
I've never been to this. The only time I flying is from Vietnam to san Francisco. That's it.
And I was Say 1617 hour. You know you you travel to the pacific ocean so it took a long time.
Yeah it's been 14 years ago.
You took forever.
Yeah my my brother and my relatives still living there. I never been back. So my wife and my kid and my father my parents here so I've never been back.
Yeah He is over 21 you know my so my parents cannot sponsor him Took him now it's a little 13 year for sponsor. I was came and worked under 21 so I can go Because he married and had kids. So and then you over 21 so you had to wait for a long time.
But right.
Yeah this stomach took me five year for green cat. Another five year for citizenship. So it took me 10 years.
Yeah. To me 10 years when it came in and then send them with my wife because she had to wait for me for me to get my citizenship and then I can sponsor her. So took her nine year total to get a citizenship to took
off.
now
you're for my wife can you for me and then now she can sponsor her parent in law. There just came a couple months ago those living with us and now I have to do paperwork to sponsor her sister in. It's possible. Yeah.
Never ending every two year. What work you have to play something for the government.
Yeah. I'm lucky my own three kids about here.
They
don't
make
it legal.
You liable levi
you know that new iphone
new action coming
up.
Yeah google phone but so
crystal how is the quality, how is the picture
and we have to follow?
Very
good.
normally I normally having prepared for you know I don't I don't really have a contract and then last year my wife I wanted to get an iphone so I set up for T mobile and now I have four line I had to put $120 a month for all of those. Okay.
No
normally
I don't do
we had to move all we have risen
right? The rise of defensive.
Okay. Mm. Yeah you have contract. Why not prepared?
every time when you sweet they give you some kind of phone promotion new customers so
you can get for this car and any change in the whole one.
it depends on your area is T mobile hood over there.
If you had a lot of signal then T mobile you actually cheaper you can get 20%
is kind
of with the hook up court like friend. Yeah. So you got 20% used to go and sometimes they give you a free light too
so
you can get the sickly.
Yeah the judges scene,
you live in your city. Big city or that's a suburban
area.
So how long it took? You go to the data plate, send that place.
not bad.
I didn't get up took me like 35 45 minutes. No traffic if you have traffic, it took me one hour every day at least to come and walk
at least a minute. You know Silicon Valley, you know a
lot of people here so you
don't
expect.
45 mins is normal you know? Yeah, he is for five minutes. Nothing.
Do you guys have any bad at home like any guy anymore?
two dogs and a cat. How do you take care of what? You had? five baby.
A lot of work? You had a clean up. We had to take them outside and doing everything.
That's good.
That's good. Yeah, because my, my area, a lot of people having dog, but I saw them had to take them out every day and then they had to clean up after. That's just part of my time.
Do you
normally very sleep early because nothing to do or you wake up let.
Thank you. Yeah, my shift started seven. I had to wake up at like 6:00 AM, you know, a lot of chances. So I know it started sick in the morning. Get out of my how you guys here? So I wake up like 545
it's like a routine and and then and then when I get home with a lot of traffic at five so I normally do in Uber before you know so I don't normally get home. I said when I eight p.m. And now I just get home and stuck
on the traffic anyway. Mhm. Um
there you go.
Yeah. All right. I think we're good. 28 minutes or something. That should be good. Right good. So
have
a good day. OK
thanks bye bye.