Hey, how's it going man?
Yeah, I think you're muted. Yeah, you're good man. How's it going?
here's the
latest and greatest
people
literally anything man.
No.
Yeah. Cool man. I am 26 texas. Good.
Yeah, so 26 from texas I live in like the DFW area like Dallas fort Worth. Uh and I just do prolific just to kind of make some extra cash here in there man. So
four.
Well
man. Yeah, no, I mean I I saw a commercial real estate for a living, so that's what I do and so like any time that I can just like, you know, I have a lot of free time basically. So I'm always just like doing extra stuff like this just for fun. Like I also uh ideal casino events. So
uh in Oklahoma like y'all like Windstar stuff like that, right? Um But here in texas we don't have any casinos and it's like illegal. So um we'll do like a private charity events um And as long as it's like a raffle, it's free or like it's like it's like legal, right? Um As long as like a free raffle right, and so you can still win prize and stuff, so I'll do that like just like a side hustle kind of a thing. Right? Mhm.
Thank
you.
I've never I've never done quick thoughts, I stopped doing everything but prolific uh for a while actually. Um But um I tried to, what was it called, it doesn't matter, it was terrible, it was it was absolutely garbage. Um But it was like some like very weird like eastern european, like very small researchers that tried to start their own website and it was like it was just not good. Um But I did I did mechanical turk for a while Um and actually made a lot of money on mturk. Um and then things got, I think oversaturated is the only thing that I can guess. Um But I joined prolific, like within the first a couple of months of them becoming a thing. Uh Yeah, yeah, I actually applied for a job with them to work remotely for a little bit and then
isn't of not working out just with schedules because
their UK and stuff, but yeah,
you
know,
I'm
always going
to
school and
I
was
working
in the
middle.
no, it's absolutely like, it's, I've been doing it for eight years now, so yeah,
I got my life
like when
I could,
no, so like I did, I went to texas a and uh but while I was doing that, like I was doing at the same time, four.
Wait,
telephone.
My
people have been saying that but I've seen more
because of the covid like I've seen like 5 10 a day. Yeah. And so like but I think that's because I have like a certain amount of like tasks that I've completed. I think that being like a different ranking I think
so.
It isn't that the
preservation
in
your opinion?
Thank
you.
The
best one I ever got was actually on mechanical turk in Turkey and it was okay. It was $60 a survey. It was for eight weeks. Mhm. Yeah it was.
It was it would
be a 15 minute long survey once a week for eight weeks and ended up being like 480 bucks. Um And basically yeah, it was like it was like how are you feeling today? It was like it was like the typical questions, but this guy uh this guy was just like yeah, we've got a huge research budget, like we're just looking to fill it before the end of the year because it's not going to roll over. So
his name was large. Remember his first name but I remember is lasting. Mhm.
it was pretty crazy.
it was like it was it was like all right cool. Like I mean, you know, because most of these, you know, it's like pennies, but it does add up, right, wow. I think I think I'm I don't know what I'm at right now as far as money value on prolific.
Let's
see.
Absolutely. Like I'm at I'm at 538 submissions and uh I've made 560 bucks, so
Chicken.
We have an election, right? But what
do you want
people
to
know?
Thank
you.
Yeah. That's
Yeah, that's about the same same percentage I think.
slowing
to
different
business that
they were.
Well
like the thing is every time I've ever done one like this, whether it be on mturk or
whether it be here or whether it be wherever the other person never shows. Dude. Like just net like probably 98% of the time. It's either the person never shows or there was never a person at all. And that's kind of expecting was I was expecting the dollar 50 bonus just for showing up. But I was expecting there to not be another person.
bit more.
We're
going to be your
dependency.
My
favorite thing about like prolific is that they have the minimum so that it's not like slave labor. There have been a couple of times where I've gotten like I've had a researcher finished their survey out and then once they finished their survey out
they realized that their average time is underneath $5 an hour or £5 an hour. Well that happens prolific requires them to meet that $55 or £5. I can't use the park.
Absolutely.
It usually gets bonus stout. Right.
No,
you
know
what I mean?
speaking.
But
often.
Do
you
think
the
community
whatever
it is?
that one
and
or
the
location.
there
was.
Yeah. No and I mean we'll see like I did one this morning that was five bucks. I'd say bucks is pounds, right? But but uh
I think the guy approved it within like 10 minutes and I was like sweet you know? And the nice thing about prolific is right there like the instant cash outs and everything whereas input melting like inter they used to have instant cash out and then they changed it where now you have to go on a schedule
but
they don't
really have a best
friend.
when
we get there. Yeah. Well and and like I know I know they have like a wait list
and stuff because I go on Reddit a lot. Uh I used to go on Reddit a lot for this specifically because on in Turkey right? Like there's the huge pool so it's like selective to an extent but it's really just a huge pool that everybody grabs from right where the prolific is more targeted. And so I would go I would go on to uh was a little bit hits worth Turkey for because it's like mechanical charlie hit before they call them. Hits uh, Robin Mturk account, Do
you have an Mturk account?
so you're one of the waitlist people? Okay, so, so yeah, so, so basically like it's like hits were Turkey
for and then it's like an entire subreddit that basically people post like, hey, this is a really good one, do it before it's gone, kind of a thing, like, and they have like specialized, the
university of California, I think it's san Diego as um, an entire web site that's dedicated to this and it's called Turkey Chopticon. I don't know what that means, but um, and basically this website is community driven because there was a time like, I don't know, it's been probably like four or five years ago or so because that was where all the bulk of my money doing this was mturk and then whenever prolific came out switched over. Uh and they have like really gained traction, but there were so many people that were doing this mechanical turk thing when it first came out so many years ago, they were doing it full time, like, it was like outside this is crazy because these people were doing like 10,000 tasks a day, like, and some of them were like Penny tasks where like, like on mechanical turk, like you can just literally go through like and they're literally they literally pay one cent, but they might approve instantly, and it would be like, it'll like an image of like a map will pop
up, but it will say like click the cross wall and like stuff like that, and like what it was doing is like because mechanical turk is a lot more um engineering based. Mhm. And so they were building basically A. I. And so they were training ai based on human tasks and so the way I would be able to identify the crosswalk based on the clicks of 10,000 people that got paid a penny to do. So
yeah it was super crazy like my my girlfriend she works at A. T. And T. Like global headquarters is in Dallas and she works there and what she does is like robotic process automation. So when you said the I. T. Think about thinking about it um she does like robotic process automation and she basically is like like works with chatbots all day and like solves queries like in sequel. Uh
Yeah and she just does that like basically just processing all of the broken elements of their their chatbots and fix it. But
when you
look
at everything
from the documentary
whatever you
for.
It's super weird. Like, I mean some of the stuff that she like has to deal with is just like really, really weird and some of its like boring and technical and whatever, but some of it is like, oh, we found that users in like Iowa are calling a certain item whatever and it's not
whatever.
yeah. It's little like, like phrases and things like that that are different like pop or like coke or you know, like stuff like that. Like it completely throws off the system. Yeah.
Well
even like calling it a telephone is not like really that practical, right? So,
so, so stuff like that is what she deals with. Like basically because all of those are, all of those responses are whether it's coming through online or on a phone or act on a phone call, all of those are recorded and then transcribed and all of those come through. And then she basically has to create um I guess it's like sequel, right? Is what she called? SQL Yeah.
Yeah. And uh like basic has to create these categories and subcategories in power bi I and
go through
that pain. That's exactly what she does.
Bye
bye.
The
importance
of
american
masculinity.
Honestly, honestly, like that's a great question.
I
have
like I mean I know a little bit of java but that's that's about it. So it's like uh but yeah, no my extortion actually works for uh
slumber, jay.
The
it's
the
it's uh
but but like they're like a huge oil company out of europe and uh she's Scottish and she's actually like some sort of like inspector. So she's one of the ones that goes on to the offshore rigs and like flies in on the helicopter and does all that. So. Oh
yikes!
She
works in an office 99% of the time. But like
whenever
she's
been.
I
don't know, they made their money. So but I mean but with you like I mean you're you're essential in terms of like if one of those servers crashes, like they
need somebody to bring it back up. Right? So
I mean do you work for like is it a smaller company or is it a bigger company?
Yeah.
So
so what I typically do what I like, so my I guess my job is completely different. The most real estate agents. Uh so you have residential, you have commercial and then you have kind of what I do. Have you ever seen the show bar rescue? Okay.
Where they go in? Like they renovate the bar and then they like flip it basically. Okay, that's what I do.
So
I write, I write the real estate contracts for a group of investors that does the exact same thing. So
basically
we
go,
how would what I do
be different?
So,
so that's all I do. I only worked with the same eight people like
permanently,
I have eight investors and then it's, it's, and they can
only buy through me and I can only sell through them. So I'm salary plus commission,
but I have a shit ton of free time, sorry. But it's kind of free
time.
It's
done every time because like I don't, I don't work year round. So that's where like prolific came in mostly is like just sheer board of it being like, that's why I like the casino events came in because I'm like, if I if I'm not like, you know, keeping myself busy, like I've hosted trivia and like, you know, I've done all kinds of stuff, man. Because like this is like, I've always had a side gig, I've worked on a bus in college station, like all
kinds of uh
no,
it's just it's
just
me,
yeah, I have my broker's license, so it's just me. So
it's um yeah, so it's it's literally just me and then I started off doing like, like student housing leases and all that kind of stuff that I just kind of worked my way up and like I hate real estate ladies like with a passion, not like a sexist label and like they creep me out kind of a way. And
like
the lady who like took a head shot in the eighties and hasn't changed it since, and now it's like you know that's like you know I'm talking about
like like they just kind of freaked me out and so whenever I first got into real estate I was like 18 right? And so I was like okay like I'm going to go work in this office and like I just did not fit in because like the national age of a real estate agent is like 98 years old, like that's not even a joke because people people don't like you keep your license forever, I think it's actually like 93 but that's still ridiculous mom. So basically like I was just completely out of my depth and everything so I started barking at night um just like my youth kind of a thing, right like that I wasn't dealing with these old people all the time and then afterwards like I was just like, you know, one thing led to another. All my friends became bartenders and they were like can you help us open up our own spots? And then that's that's how that happened.
Yeah.
Um So are you familiar with the glass practice?
there's been a couple.
that's one of the Gaylord's properties, so Yeah.
So
or in like Oh yeah.
Okay.
ma'am.
That's funny.
I
do at national some license in 27 states, so
if they
say, hey we want to buy a place in Maine, then I go and I get license in Maine as fast as I can. Yeah.
Oh
is it? Okay, cool.
man, I don't flew by so.
man, good meeting you.