going well. All right. Uh,
I'm going, wow. Hey. Um, first off, do you have any
idea
like what we're supposed to talk about if it's anything
at all or is it just general?
All right. Well, uh, I guess we'll start with introductions. No names necessary, but just tell me a little
about yourself.
cool. Actually, I'll throw my first name in there. I mean, I'm luke. What's your name? Ryan. Okay, cool.
Me too. Uh, my name is luke. I'm from Tulsa Oklahoma. Uh, let's see. 24 years old. I actually use it for my whiskey funds. I refused because I have a wife and a kid
and so I refuse to spend my own money on alcohol because I don't want to worry about my wife and put a burden on her and the kids. So I say, hey, I'll do extra money for that.
And so that's my story with prolific. Uh huh.
No way. That's cool.
And then do you do anything else like prolific? Like online store thing? I'm always trying to try and find some other one
and
every other one I tried like quick thoughts for instance turned out to be like a bust. So.
That's cool.
And
Okay.
So
with
commercial
real
estate,
is that
something
you
want to do forever or is
that
kind of just a stopgap?
Oh
so you
so
with that you didn't even go to college then with that with that timeline?
I'm in the I. T. Field I'm a server administrator. Um So yeah that's my that's my background. So this is just I have three screens and to do to
doing work, one monitoring prolific
or music or whatever else is going on that screen. But yeah that's been that's been fun for me. I love just being able to well pull it up whenever I can because it's
gotten a little sparse recently. Just because of the covid.
Good.
That would
be interesting.
I've seen a decent bit. So
I've gotten ones that like you sign up for
one
and you get a weekly
report
saying like, how are you feeling in comparison to the last week? So there's one have been doing for
like six weeks and so those are nice. But as for new surveys, man, they're kind of rare these days.
What were they asking about? What what what information is $60
worth?
Oh my gosh.
That's cool.
I Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Cooper,
I
talked to someone recently, I think I've been here for about four, five months and it came out about like $50 to $60 a month. And so that wasn't, it wasn't a ton, but it was enough for me. I just say, hey, I can get a nice whiskey a month or a couple of cheap ones.
that that sounds about right. Let's see, let me see my account. Um Let's see,
wait
I think,
I think
this survey
said
don't check, don't X window. Alright, I've
submitted 1 60
I've gotten 181 bucks and so
pretty soon.
so it's cool and things like these were, it's a huge bonus that has been cool as well. Um This is
the first
one I've
actually done
chat
with. So it's been interesting going
through this for the first time.
What?
That makes sense because as soon as I signed up, I had the, I've done to others like this where it wasn't a video,
it was a live chat. This is like, hey, get into this live chat thing and you guys are talking about this subject and they didn't show up or it
was a computer
or something along
those lines. And so
this is interesting. This is, this is definitely first.
Do it,
That's interesting. I've, I've
reported one or two surveys with that where they said, hey, it's gonna take five minutes end up thinking like 15. And I don't remember if they re come to me that I might have to look back at that. It's been like a month or so, so I don't remember.
That's weird. That's cool. Um Yeah, I haven't, I like the fact that the surveys don't feel tedious, so
another one
I've
used
time period is A Q. M. E. Quick. Uh
huh. Me. No. Um Yeah
there's another
one, it felt like slave labor. Certain ones of them are just a highly repetitive again. I don't like the whole political
question thing because
they
all
are
the same as soon as one person asked some of those political questions they all start
repeating
and so uh it's that was kind of all that was on there
and I guess
it's cool
it's
free money,
it ended up being like uh you spend for 10 minutes,
you got 80
cents, it added up, but it wasn't anything like this. Yeah.
What,
Right. It sounds
like
the
oversaturation
idea of yours is probably what
happened.
No.
What was that?
Okay, so I made one, but I got put on a wait list so I never got to use it.
What?
please.
No.
interesting.
Yeah, yeah, database stuff, yeah.
When people ask
things
that
it's not prepared
for and gives a dumb answer, like your Alexa, you ask Alexa question that she's never used to and she says something stupid and you're like, oh well damn Alexa,
I mean that's
crazy. She's actually the one fixing the queries. That's, that's really cool.
no
way. You know, is there any other examples like that I can imagine like little accents, like like the, y'all so you have to program at, y'all?
that's so funny programming, your chat bought for accents, imagine all the different names for phones. Uh Actually someone who's on the older side, they might call it,
I don't know anything different, I really don't know.
yeah, true.
yeah, yeah.
Then
I,
I mean I'm aware of what that is. It's not like I do
that stuff myself, I handle more of the automation of the infrastructure side. So
so for me I do depend a lot of dependencies
words
like if
this
does this
then do this um or set things up to run automatically in my company. I work for an oil company, so it's a lot of on the rigs things do this and then do this um and then the data is not being received, send it here. Um that's a lot of stuff that I do and so I can see that hearse on our sequel side. Um so I mean I just wonder my biggest question is like how does she take the text from the chat bot and then form it into a sequel quarry because sequel is very like particular.
no, I know
like especially as someone who's trying to
talk to someone who's not icy and like try to explain things I imagine her trying to tell you about her day or how she does and you're just kind of like I get this, this and this, but not the rest.
boy sorry bro, for where?
I've
never
heard
of that. Okay,
Gotcha.
Oh my goodness.
I can't imagine I, I feel bad for the people who actually have jobs
in oil, in these oil companies like in it. I'm fine.
Well
I know, but especially
with
this economy right now, that's what
I'm saying.
What
And so my thing is like I. T. Is everywhere and I. T. Is a backbone. They can get rid of people in the field offices, they can get rid of people who are analyzing things because you can always do your their job better. But without us, the rest of the company can't do what they're doing, especially being critical infrastructure and that's being like desktop networker server. Those three yeah, your your core. And we're, we were already understaffed as it is with this downturn and layoffs are coming down, our teams are like, we're holding our breath but we don't expect anything to happen with us.
It's a bigger, it's it's a publicly traded, so I'm not where, I mean it's not where I'm not worried. Uh
Yeah, yeah, I'll be too much information. I would I would tell you which company is, but I don't know, maybe a little private. Um So how
is how is your company, how is how is a corporate real estate in the midst of this? Well,
yeah,
What?
Whoa,
How
how
would they be
different?
Sorry,
sorry. Yeah, how does um so let's say you were to do real estate, particularly for restaurants and bars, how does yours,
with renovation being involved, make it different than uh the standard?
well, thank
you.
What?
interesting.
don't
worry, don't worry
about it. Mhm.
and
then that's, that's so that's interesting and that's so you must
work for a large firm because to be that specific of a role um there has to be a large scene really,
it's
just
you.
makes more sense.
like like the particular type of tries to seduce their clients, is that sort of
type or we got hit with those
I know what you're talking about, yeah.
Oh that's cool.
Um so I've been the Dallas area where a couple where a couple of the bars that you've helped open,
man, I'm sorry, not my name now, come on, I'm
gonna look, let me look this up because I'm actually really curious. The class cactus. Oh great. Flying heck yeah. Um That's that's cool, wow.
Oh my goodness. Yeah, I've
definitely been there.
Uh huh.
Oh that's cool. And that's
a that's that's a really good gig, although
with only with only eight investors that are you worried that it's not enough for the long term or how does that
one work?
that makes
more sense now,
yeah, well
it's 25 minutes.
it is. Um Dude, it's been great talking actually. Um
Yeah, it did. So Ryan have a good rest of the day, A good look on a prolific man.