well. Yeah. Mhm drink.
Okay. Uh huh.
Good. How are you?
All right. What?
Erica. Well, there you go. All right. So now what do we do?
Well, I'm in new york city.
I like boston. It's a really pretty city.
Uh No, it's not a good time to visit.
Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
I'm not working right now.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh huh. Walk. Okay.
I live with my parents. Yeah. There can be a bit of a handful. Yeah.
My boyfriend lives like an hour and a half and like he lives in another part of your city but like it takes like an hour and a half to get there on public transport.
Um We've been Skyping because like his farm. Eric has it the worst. Yeah. I'm like afraid if I go over there like because I don't really have it like I am pretty safe and stuff. But like I don't know if I come into contact with someone on the way there. He lives with his parents as well. So like I don't want to infect anyone.
Yeah, that's good. Yeah.
hang on.
Blue crash.
My parents best friends had it, but I think they had like a very mild case till they survived. Um I think I like her, like a couple of friends said that they had it, but they're like also arrived. There's one person that only know personally, but like she's part of like a community, like I'm a part of like an improv theater community that
she had it and she was in a coma. But
teaching is on the man now. Yeah.
Oh my gosh!
Mom.
Oh, there you go.
And
Mom.
That's the thing with respiratory diseases because I know there's like this broadway actor that was in a coma and then he lost a leg from curl now because like just something you're breathing. It's all over the body.
Yeah, I do improv
or
No.
Um I was just thinking like in high school, I was one of the only people that didn't need a mic for like when I was in the play because like they said like you can, you can project your voice, you don't need one. Oh, good.
Yeah, I don't
know. I mean, mhm. Like I would listen to myself on a videotape afterwards. I'm like, yeah, but you can like hear that I'm not wearing a microphone, like you can. Uh
Um I was part of musical improv for a while, but I think I got burned out by that. That's tough because it's like song structures. So you think it's a okay. So I just say of course now I got to like think of four lines for a song.
this is so much easier because you could just like say the same thing over and over and you're like, good. That's of course. All right.
I mean, like, you don't really need to be like, be a good thing. I knew one guy that like, I think we had to like help him out because like, he was just like doing like this and he was like, just talking well, what kind of things? Like? All right, can you get you like on rhythm at least all one note.
But I was like, okay. Uh
uh huh. No, but like um all the people that going to like be on house teams, they were like really good singers, but not like all of them. They're like some like holy cow, what are you doing here? Yeah. Um yeah, I do more regular improv. I'm part of a Indy team called Who Prov We do do like um improvised episodes of Doctor Who. Yeah,
I may say I am part of it, but we haven't had a show in over a year.
Like the woman who sets it up, like she's the one who came up with like the whole group and everything. She's also part of a group that's um they do improvised
musical improv, like like musical improv about star trek. So she's got like, yeah, well working full time. So they're just like, okay,
design now. Well, we still keep in touch on what's up? Yeah. Yeah.
What?
a few weeks ago I had a tea party on Skype.
Yeah, that was often I invited a few friends rather than like my cousin lives in California, we got to do that again.
well
I know,
I'm
not.
no.
Holy
cow. No,
one of the people here, my dad's a mailman. So he still works. He said that last weekend. It was so nice. He saw people outside, no masks or anything. We'll make sure people in the Lower East side who are doing the same thing. Just like I haven't seen my boyfriend's in two months. I need selfish. Oh and the barking out the window, wow,
my goodness.
No, it's weird.
Yeah.
I
understand.
Well
Yeah, it's terrible like people protesting without mask. Then I saw an article that allow those people in Wisconsin ended up with the coronavirus after that.
When?
you know
governments.
Uh huh Yeah, I don't like, I know the president wants to open up churches. I'm like, I mean I would love to go to church again, but it's it's not safe especially because like I'm a part of like kind of a big church. So like as soon as this thing started coming into shape, it was like, you know, the church isn't online now, I could just live stream in it. Yeah.
Arena
well,
Gina
one.
Yeah. I think my parents friends said that they wanted to do that because they have like a backyard, they could put it in, but it's just like that's gonna work when the weather's nice. You still have this in the fall, I don't know what you guys do.
aura.
Well I was working at the box office in the bar at the improv theater.
I guess now there was a joke that like we're not like a lot of the most popular improv theater in new york city, like the magnet theater because um under what was it called? I'm so used to calling you C. B. Under underground citizens brigade was like the big one, it was like the Harvard of improv and and they closed because and I guess as soon as this thing came into action, the magnet theater automatically went online. And like if you have a dollar or two, you can donate to the theater blah blah UCB did none of that. So I fired all their employees. And then like a month ago we heard that they just closed. Yeah, they have been like they moved to a larger theater in Manhattan, like in a more expensive neighborhood. So it was, it was already was like, it was not very wise. We've got people were saying that. So it was not what's not all those people will be coming to Magna Theater when it's we opened up
and they have online classes too. So like I'm getting some money.
When?
No, you really can't
for the
ice
cream truck going by and it's just like who's buying ice cream?
guess I guess you're like, you buy, they can buy a milkshake and like take it inside your house. Like I don't really get it
But
Walk
what?
I was wondering why people were buying so many toilet paper rolls. And then I remember a few weeks ago I started saying like this whole trend like people are trying to like get their dogs to jump over the large amount of toilet paper rolls. Like, okay, that's when you guys are doing with it,
Get your dog to do tricks.
Why?
Where?
yeah, it's terrible. Okay.
Come.
Yeah. Greenland had 11 cases. That's it. 11 cases. They all survived. They don't,
why can't we do that?
It's ridiculous.
So.
Interdict this.
I
think
we heard
it. Will they reopen? So they, because I think they have like their own version of trump down there and like they've been the cases keep growing like everything.
no longer.
Looking
at
I don't know.
And
I think like I heard I'm not really like Georgia like they reopened the bowling alleys. I'm like, why have all placed? Would you open the bowling alley?
nine,
you
know?
Where?
And
Oh yeah, I'm sure my talks with that. I'm here all the time now. Follow me around. Like she's still here
because I was always going out to improv shows or.
it's interesting like um I never, I'm talking with my boyfriend because like he loves the dogs of course. So they killed like he'll be talking to them will be howling at the screen, let's troll back.
But
you're I'm like, where is it coming from?
well
then,
Uh well Puccini is a papi in and max is a happy in chihuahua mix.
you're
small and have like a love hair on the air Cheney to show him off.
Thank you.
My dad picked it up. Yeah, come here now, you got me under the table. Oh, this is my papi in.
He's like, I hear a voice but I don't see any way
look at
it.
More.
What?
Oh my God, that's
You know.
their little dogs, they always think they're big and bad. Mm
I'm in the Bronx. My boyfriend lives in queens. What? Mhm.
Yeah, I think it's,
I think
the new york city has the longest commute because somehow like even though we're in the same city is still can take me like two hours to get to Staten Island or I have a friend
that lives out in coney Island.
well I can take some getting used to.
no, it's very nice to meet you too,
right, good.
Well that's what I was afraid of,
nope.
What?
how people perceive as well by.