Yeah. With you? All right. Yeah. Yeah. This is another one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just with that. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hello? Oh. Mhm. But yeah. Yeah. God. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay,
how are you?
Good. Trying to figure this out. I have my headset on because it's the only way I know that microphone will work.
So my name's christa.
I guess talk like we're strangers. Which we are. Where do you live?
Okay. I'm in uh like an hour from boston. Yeah. Yeah.
yeah, that's where I grew up and lived most of my life. I've only been to new york city like twice.
No, not a good time to visit anywhere.
So are you home like do you do you work from home or are you not working now
because of the pandemic? Mm. Crazy.
Yeah.
No, I was I was only doing kind of part time stuff anyways and some volunteer things, but it's all it's all over now. Yeah.
Do you live with anybody else?
Mhm.
Oh, that's tough.
Yeah, that's tough. I've been thinking how like new relationships and stuff aren't being formed at least in person, you know, like people aren't going on first States and they're not like, you know, just normal life stuff that leads to other life stuff. It's weird. Yeah, my um boyfriend and I lived pretty far apart for like four years out of the relationship. We only saw each other very once in a while, so now we're together.
He's still working though. He's a chef at a country club though, so it's actually, there's no sense in it. Like they're just being selfish. Like they're not serving the community. They didn't open up the club to like help people coming home from their essential jobs or anything. It's just basically like rich country club people coming to get their fancy steaks, but they technically serve food, so they were able to open under essential business.
Yeah, so that's a little nerve racking him coming back and forth every day. And uh we live in like a condo complex, so it's like It there's probably like 15 buildings and they're all apartments, but like we own ours as a condo. Some people rent one of his co workers in like is in one of the buildings a few down and some there are several people now sick with Covid in that building.
So like everybody that's not sick, it's quarantined. The first person that went to the hospital didn't make it back, They passed away. It's just crazy. So it's definitely feeling closer like we're knowing more people, like one of his cousins has it, and a couple of co workers, like the father passed away. Somebody else's. Their nephew has it. But I don't know anybody personally yet with it. Yeah.
fun, fun.
ma'am.
It's crazy. They're talking more about this inflammatory thing that the kids are getting.
Yeah. I have a 13 year old daughter and for the past few days she has been exhausted, headache, stomachache.
So I'm like freaking out taking her temperature like every few hours. I know if I called her doctor they'd be like just bring her such assurances hospital. Like I know she's fine for now. You know what I mean? Like when you make that call, the medical people can't really do anything but tell you to go to the emergency room. So I'm just watching her. If she winds up with a fever anything, I'll take her in. But crazy Kids are a 12 year old had a heart attack a few days ago.
Yeah, it's like they're finding these are kids that like, have had coronavirus and got over it with no symptoms
and then a few weeks later their body has this inflammatory response and they're like, their blood vessels are getting inflamed there, there, haven't getting like, heart damage,
having heart attacks. Um Like their their feet, hands and feet are swelling up. It's so crazy. Every time they think they know about about what's going on, they don't still figuring it out, I guess.
Yeah, I guess so. Mhm. Let her know. So you improv.
That's fun.
I took theater like in college, I always wanted to get back into it, I have some physical disabilities. Um but maybe someday when like, I don't have any other responsibilities, but it was so much fun. I was always so, so shy growing up and that definitely helped me like but started out the directors weren't having it there like nobody can hear you. So she I remember the first rehearsal, she we were like in a big auditorium every week and she like pushed on my stomach, she had me yell as hard as I could and then she pushed me with her fist across the room to get my like diaphragm out I guess.
Oh yeah, that was fun. Do you do plays and stuff?
They got off
good.
The difference, Yeah. Do you sing at all? Do you like doing musicals?
Brain. Yeah.
Yeah. You'd have to be very musically inclined I guess to do improv like that.
No
fun.
That's one.
So
no.
that's fun.
That's a good site. Yeah. A couple of my friends who living like California and china who I don't talk too much like I'm talking
to them so much more now because everybody's just home. Yeah.
No fun.
Nice. Yeah, that's a good idea. Got to do something. My friend and calif, he's in san Francisco and they were like, I feel like one of the very first places that got the full lockdown, his attitude to change so much. Like the first time I talked to him about it, he was like oh this is nothing there always pumping everything up. Like remember I had the swine flu and I'm just fine and blah blah blah like two weeks later he's sending me messages like if I never see you again, thank you for being my friend, I love you. So ah like oh my
goodness shaking.
But they really locked everything down I guess. They know the like funky population
in san
Francisco is gonna just be dancing in the streets anyways so they really locked everything down like they weren't able to even go to the store for a while. They um National Guard or whatever it was coming by and handed out food
and they boarded up like all the stores they didn't want to get vandalized so everything was boarded up like you couldn't even see windows, no doors, no nothing.
Crazy.
Hm.
My little guy's sitting right on my lap there he is,
Elliot.
No he's a good guy. Yeah
it's crazy the people that aren't you know there's all these people like protesting and I saw pictures a couple
of weeks
ago they were at the statehouse with rifles and like full military gear like what is your problem? Go find yourself alive. It really is. So like I understand
people want to get back. But what like what are you going to do? This is the situation we're in. Just deal with it.
I'm sure they did. I've heard so many stories of people. There was one group of college kids that went out on purpose like defiantly like we're going to go in the group and we're gonna go out because it doesn't matter. And then the next week one of the girls got very sick and posted a new video like, please, I'm so sorry take this seriously. I know there have been a few different like priests, pastors, like church leaders that were like very adamant, um, uh, you know against the restrictions and a couple of died now from coronavirus Crazy.
You just don't, don't do what you gotta do. I guess there's still people around here like going into like, um, we have like a merry, a coffee shop in like a 7 11 people are still walking right in without masks. Like they're huge signs on the door. And then like, what are the cashier is supposed to do? Like get into arguments all day long with these people.
It's not right because they're just saying like, I don't care about you. I don't care about anybody else that comes in here. It's not right. Not good. But we're getting so many mixed messages from like the government and you know,
nobody can get along so people don't know what to do.
know. My church has already made the decision to hold off at least until july because it's like, how are you going to really work that be like, oh, we're open. But less than half of you can come like, what do you have a sign up sheet? Like, okay, you can come this week and you can come the next week and my church is super old. It's actually the second oldest church in the entire nation. And a lot of the people that go there look like they've been there sensitively. Like we have a very large elderly population.
So I
already feel scared like how many people are not going to be there when we go back. You know, like there are so many really old people at the church. So there's, they can't figure that out. How are they going to work that out? They
can't keep people six ft away the whole time. Like that would, it just wouldn't work. So
I guess on a nice day people could do outside.
Yeah. With, with everybody's six ft apart, you're gonna need like quite the microphone.
Yeah, it's just tough. What type of work were you doing before?
Oh nice, that's fun.
and
Right. Yeah, a lot of businesses I know it just shut down completely, they're not planning to reopen because they can't and although even the restaurants like they're trying to open restaurants at like 40% capacity, that's not going to work
because the, you know like the waiters and waitresses won't make enough tips, you know? And the whole restaurant like as far not that I know restaurant business but as far as I do know like you need that business and money to constantly flow in to keep paying your people and by the meat and all that and I don't know how any of that is going to work plus you can't eat with a face mask on
so I don't know what people
are going
to count.
Yeah. Oh no. Yeah. Yes. They're just hoping somebody will be out there, everything.
it's weird what is and isn't in
stock at the grocery store, it's like every week there's like
no froze, like there's no frozen
pizza, there's no like frozen french fries, but there's always plenty of bread. So it's weird. It's like they keep restocking the bread. I haven't seen one roll of toilet paper at stop and shop in two months, so I don't know where it's going. It's weird because I was in boston um and went into Walgreens and they had tons of toilet paper, but out here, which is considered like a little suburban town, there's nothing I would think it would be the opposite. But I don't know.
jeez.
mm Most stores seem to have a limit now like to two packages of whatever paper product
at a time and all the stores. The change that you know that the hours are all changed
when we go to the grocery store like you have you go in one door and then there are the little arrows on the floor that you're supposed to follow and I always have somebody else like with no mask talking right in my face going the wrong way. I'm like
but
that's the weird thing that you're seeing about like America you know land of the free and ridiculous because we're so free here which is so wonderful. Citizens are like we're gonna do what I want to do, I'm not gonna listen to you. Whereas in other countries that normally those are not places you want to live that are like very totalitarian and all that. Like they locked it down that everybody listened and now they're good so
that's crazy.
Well I know yeah like places like Singapore, like they shut everything down, nobody left their house for two weeks. Everybody listened. Nobody complained. They have like three deaths and nothing's come back. Since then
we are so far past any other country, like I'm just not getting that.
Like I understand that apparently trump or whatever was being warned and not listening. Big surprise. Um but besides any other political whatever, we can't have been that much more ill prepared than everybody else like in the whole rest of the world, like nobody has even close to the number of cases that we do. I don't know,
I
don't
play
that.
Yeah, yep. We'll see. Like I've been dying to get back in the pool and the hot tub.
I have a membership to a gym and that's the best thing again I have, like, I use a role later to walk around and stuff
and
being in the water, the pool and the hot tub is like the best place for me ever. And as much as I want to get back into it when they reopened, I'm probably going to give it a while, like let the people that don't have anything to lose, go try it all out, you know? And then I'll see if people aren't getting sick and then I'll go back. But I don't know. And I wonder even with the gyms, like are they ever going to reopen like pools?
You can't like social distance. I mean the water is chemically treated,
but do you really want to be in like a people's soup? Oh
yeah. The things they reopened were like nail salons, barbershops, all the things that you have to have like direct person to person contact. So, uh,
I'm not sure what's going
on
down there, but, and then even a lot of the other plans, most of the States, you know, they're reopen their reopening more and more businesses, but they're not reopening the schools. What are they expecting all the parents to do that have been home with their kids the whole time. Like now a lot of parents are going to have to just decline going back to work
I assume because there's nowhere to put the kids. Yeah. And they're even talking like about the new normal, like what school going to look like in the fall. I don't think it's going to go back to what it was. That's for sure. So we'll have to see. It's crazy how much jelly bean, My
chihuahua just sits on me all day long
Oh were you not there before this all happened?
right right. So like you're just home all the time now? Yeah. Yeah.
That's
cute
right there, totally clueless.
That's
funny. What type of dogs are they?
Oh so fluffy. Right and fluffy
on.
Puccini.
I like that name.
Oh my goodness I love the ears. So cute. Yeah
that's funny. So
our
our little chihuahua was like I don't know he has issues. We got him from the shelter like a year and a half ago The day we brought him home I got bit in the face four times it's like this is gonna be a problem. So it's been a long journey of love and patience
and he's so much better now but still like with other dogs he he said he only weighs £8. And if he sees any other dog like out in the world, it doesn't matter if they're like £300 he goes crazy. He
doesn't even bark, he's like
and the other dogs just look at him like what is your problem too? Like nobody even barks that back at him because I don't think they even
think he's a dog like what is that little thing over there? So yeah. Oh my goodness.
What part of new york city are you in?
Yeah. That's crazy that like you're both in New york city but it's that far away,
big
big city
and
yeah, I thought I'd be good going to New york city because I'm used to trains, I've been taking the team my whole life in boston. I went to Germany had no problem figuring out the train system there one hour in the new york city subway and I'm like I'm never getting home again. It was like so confusing. None of it made any sense to me. Oh
and the people on the train like everything is just so different. They're people I found like so friendly, everybody's talking to everybody else and like random just like dances breaking out on the train boston. I don't know. The people are just like look at me, don't talk to me very different. Well it was very nice to meet you Erica.
I'm gonna go make some lunch and feed the dog and we should definitely be well over our Our limit. Make our $14. Yeah,
nice talking to you. I'm so glad I didn't get some like creepy man. Oh
me too. I would have just been like click alright
well stay
safe. I hope your parents do well and I hope you and your boyfriend get to be together again soon, bye.