SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, good, hold on. I'm just gonna make sure to get my life right here. Uh I never can tell you at this time of day how
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: the lights are gonna play?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: understand what,
SPEAKER_R: I'll do,
SPEAKER_L: No worries, a good time.
SPEAKER_R: So hi, happy thursday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I had a good week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been pretty good. I got back from a camping trip and uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: had a really
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: great time and it was it was a solo backpacking trip and I had such a good time that I was like calling my husband, you have to come do this with me. So yesterday and you got a couple backpacks in the mail for him to try these really tall guy. So
SPEAKER_L: come on,
SPEAKER_R: I figured it might be a little bit uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: challenging to find a pack that fits right, But you know, we've got a little time of cold, I'm in michigan. Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Georgia, it's not as cold. Yeah, I'm guessing it sounds cool. You probably area of snow
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: up there or something, Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you know, we did this time last year, but uh this year we actually started the week off
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: with like 70 something degree weather. It was a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: weird little bump and it meant that
SPEAKER_L: with my marines,
SPEAKER_R: there were more people out than usual, but I thought it was still at the time. I mean, the weather is going to be what it's gonna be. So yeah. What was your week like so far?
SPEAKER_L: Uh nothing too crazy. Um just kind of doing stuff around the house, working, nothing, nothing too exciting, taking care of kids, that's, that's about it,
SPEAKER_R: You have kids that are in school?
SPEAKER_L: they're not in school,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I have a two year old, a four
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: year old, so they're they're not in school yet, but they're at home, so sometimes it can be challenging to work from home and have to rangel them and stuff. So I was on a all this morning and I had to stop because they were uh needing me or whatever, so I suppose it gets kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I love that age for kids. I don't I don't have any that my intent on having any, but I love spending time with them at that age. Well, okay, maybe like the 4-10, that's my favorite. Probably. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they're pretty they're pretty good like at that age, I mean I think the two year old definitely has like the terrible twos a bit so she'll throw a fit um So that's kind of thing, but she's like really the comedian, so she's always making jokes and laughing about stuff, the older ones a bit more serious, but then if something is wrong and she really uh she really lets you know, but I don't know about about the other moments. Really really cute together to two girls, so they're kind of like best friends right now, so it's kind of awesome. Have of the
SPEAKER_R: How much do you owe them? So like have each other to have a best friend at that age? Well, that age, if you don't have siblings, you pretty much don't see the same kids regularly unless you're like in daycare and even then it can change.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're we're in like a neighborhood like in a subdivision,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: what's that?
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of kids, they're really good friends with next door neighbors. They have like three girls I guess there I think they're a little older, but there's still there's two of them, they're two of
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: the younger ones are still kind of around their ages. Um But it's funny because like the older one will want to play with my youngest um and then the little one will want to play with the older ones. So it's kind of not what you would think it's gonna kind of strange that they I guess they like certain, you know the kids like other certain kids regardless of the age or whatever, but they come over all the time, they came over yesterday and play dear and they'll go outside and like right there vehicles and stuff we get time
SPEAKER_R: charlie
SPEAKER_L: generally. Pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: looks good. Who do you have behind you? Is that the camp from put some
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: magic?
SPEAKER_L: that's um Halloween. Um It's like a it's like a word. Um So yeah, this this is my office, well, kind of a makeshift office. It's like sort of also like basement storage to some extent. So uh work with what I got. But you know, it is good because like I could have maybe like another room with like a nicer view and stuff. This doesn't have any windows or anything, but like then uh the kids would be even more distracting so try to head out down here so I can focus on
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: on my stuff.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: oh that's good
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: it's sad.
SPEAKER_L: have a good Halloween. Did you do anything for Halloween? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Um You know Halloween was interesting so I look in a subdivision um it's a newer subdivision, everybody has a lot that's about three acres. And um when
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: we moved in we were like the third people to move in and build we didn't actually build we bought from one of the original builders people here And when everyone else moved in they tore down their trees and solve lawns and then had a pass of the kids you know kids here three kids there and we're the only people in the subdivision of I think eight families that do not have Children
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: even though we're the same age as everyone else. So it puts us in a really weird place. But I also am a private music teacher and kids flock to me for, I mean I kind of understand why now I think it's because I have the energy to treat kids like little humans as opposed to going uh you know, I have this energy and I'm spending it on my own kids and I've just had enough, you know, it's very different when you don't have to, you know have that kind of so so the kids love me, the parents don't know me as well. I teach some of the kids or was proposed that the and so the only time I really hang out with any of the adults was
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: they would walk their kids up here. Otherwise, you know, if I saw him as I was writing through, you know, one part of the pub stack, I was shopping high or whatever or maybe the christmas party where the together still. So this year ago, um, I also give out adult beverages on how aim for the adult family. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but this year was weird because they were going in lieu of having their kids go out for treating against, you know, the general areas around here, they instead decided just to do the cold sacks the subdivision so that it was only families that already spent time together. But then they also said, hey, we also want to have a party for the adults. I'm the only person in this area who is my husband and I, who is like really staunchly for maintaining quarantine and wear vests when we go out and see other people and they are not. So I had to, they said pretty much Krista, let's see huntress that time. Pretty much you you tell us the time so that you'll be there. And I had to be like, I don't know, I think I have other plans, but I don't know when they are, but I promised something, this kind of thing. And I felt really bad too to fib about it. But I wasn't, you know, being in a area where I'm the loan person in all sorts of ways because kept dollar trees, we don't have kids where liberal leaving like all of these things that are very different. And so I I tried to not stir the pot because these are the people that you know, if they have a problem, you call that or they call you if you have a problem, they come help and I don't want to, you know it's just a weird dynamic. So this year we said uh we decided to cancel everything but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: a bunch of big candy and treats and stuff at the end of the driveway so
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: they didn't have to walk all the way down. And how was it? So that was a column
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: was very unusual. Those were
SPEAKER_L: did you get along with your neighbors? Hold
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: never hang out with them. I mean they moved in and just chop down all their trees like I don't, and now we've got gigantic lawns like who needs three acres of lawn? I don't understand.
SPEAKER_L: That's a big for, well, I mean I don't know about michigan but for like where I am, that's like a huge amount of land, Like we have a third of an acre and that's probably considered like generous um in this area. Just in terms like the newer houses, you have an older house, maybe you'd be like dealing with like an acre or maybe half an acre depending on when it was built in like the area and stuff, but like the new stuff they're building is like a quarter acre or smaller and that's still even like a kind of pushing like affordability at that point for most people. So um put in michigan I guess you guys have like a lot more uh land and stuff for persons. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: We don't live on the outskirts anymore. I think this is just a higher income area. Not rich just I'd say pushing upper middle class but it doesn't. Yeah. But so it makes me wonder if that's one of the reasons why I'm the um why were the loan growth in this area?
SPEAKER_L: we're like, I don't think we're like on the good list with our neighbors either, so
SPEAKER_R: Tell
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: why.
SPEAKER_L: honest, so like I don't think we're too dissimilar to them. I think it's just sometimes like you uh you rub people the wrong way or something happens like um I don't know, we've had a couple disagreements with the one couple that's like the head of the H. O. A. Um and they're kind of busy bodies. Um and we had a bad circumstance where um my wife's mom was uh dying of cancer and she passed um I guess I guess it was uh basically like earlier this year, but they were like coming at us with like oh there's some uh bermuda grass growing into your mulch beds at the same time when this was happening. And my wife just kind of like replied back and probably not the most professional way because she was kind of just
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like, look, this isn't the most important thing going on right now. Um and they didn't really
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like kindly that, but then I think they kind of felt bad, but I don't know, they're always kind of like the busybodies, like you can't go outside your house without them kind of like approaching you and kind of getting in all your business and kind of not a friendly way, but kind of like in a nosy way, so I don't know, but since they organize all this stuff sometimes, like we feel like we get kind of excluded for some of the stuff or whatever, which I don't personally care about too much, but I think it kind of affects my wife a bit. And then it's like, if the kids get excluded, then we get kind of uh upset a bit because then it's like, well then they're not included and, and, and all the stuff, so I don't know, it's hard anywhere. I think like we get along with 90% of the people okay. But just that couple. And just, and since they're like, my wife says that they're like the uh,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: like the guys like the mayor of the subdivision or whatever, self imposed and it's like, you know, if you're, I
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: don't know,
SPEAKER_R: if.
SPEAKER_L: it's a whole, it's a whole thing with them. So they're, I mean they're just like, it's just like oil and water, I don't know what to say about it, but whatever, Like we moved in, I introduced myself as, hey, my name is steven and they're like, the guy's like, oh, I can't call you that, I call you steve, I can't call you Stephen. I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: And I
SPEAKER_L: well that's, that's my name dude, I don't know what to tell you, but just like every little thing with them is just, it's hard, it's hard to explain, but they're just
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: like the worst. So I think it's just anywhere you don't, you don't actually be the best friends with everyone, so I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. How long have you lived there now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man, it's probably, it's probably been like 2.5 years. Um We bought it I guess from the first owner who bought it from the builder. Um so it's like a really a five year old house now, so we've kind of been, they're probably longer than the original owners. Um We liked it pretty good. Like the neighbors across from us, they moved in after us, They moved in. Maybe, maybe you're after us, and they're already like selling the house and moving out. My wife is like, I knew it. It's uh You know what's his face? That's so annoying. I can't stand it. I'm like, I don't know. But you know, like they bounced out after like one year.
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm hoping like we're kind of hoping like maybe some cool people that we like when we have been uh um or whatever. Like, we were okay with those people, but like,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it wasn't like, you know, we're really going over to dinner parties with them or anything like that. So. Um I don't know. We'll see what happens, But they have their house on the market. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Whatever reason they got tired of it, I can't tell you why, But but
SPEAKER_R: What? Well
SPEAKER_L: it's a pretty, it's a pretty like nice. They were like kind of suburbs, like we were in the city. Um We had a condo, like a two bedroom condo. Um But then like, once the second kid was on the way, it was kind of like, even
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: for us, which were kind of like, I feel like probably able to kind of make do more than most people would because we stuck it out with like a one year old in a two bedroom condo and that was kind of crazy. Um But then on the second one is on the way we're like, screw this, we got to like move to the suburbs and get like the big house and whatever, so um But my wife misses the city a lot unfortunately, but with the pandemic and everything, it's kind of like, I'm kind of glad we are here because I I probably don't really want to be in the city, you can't really shut down. It kind of kills the appeal of it to me, but so I don't know, whole different lifestyle out here in the suburbs, but I mean in some ways it's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. How long does it take to drive to the grocery store or where they
SPEAKER_L: it's like super quick, like I mean to get to like a store is like maybe a mile or something, like maybe two miles and there's lots of stores, there's lots of stuff, it's just like I think um
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. There's a limited number of life, super good restaurants. Um And if you want to go to like Certain stores, you have to drive like 20 or 20 or 30 minutes. I mean there's lots of stores around, it's just like if you want to go to like IKEA or something, it's not right next to the house or something. You know, obviously if they go to that more certain mall stuff like which you know I can take or leave but my wife I guess cares about that more. Um certain restaurants and things, there's only certain places in the city so like she wishes were like I guess probably more under the part of the action so to speak. But it's I mean it's not bad like you can get by, you have everything you need within five minutes of the house if you really like our honest like you can go to a restaurant, you can
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: get a good store, there's a target, there's a walmart um There's a home depot, there's a Lowe's they're all stuff you really would probably need I would think. But you know just depends on if what you're used to, if you're used to like Buckhead which
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: luck.
SPEAKER_L: don't know if you're familiar with Atlanta but we were in Buckhead which is like the, I guess like the fancy part of Atlanta or whatever, so um has like all the nightlife and restaurants and what here you go from Buckhead to here, then you um probably lacking a bit if you liked all that, are you in like Detroit area or? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm just outside of Grand rapids. Yeah, so I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: I don't know it, but that sounds cool. It feels like that's like a uh like a swing county or something, I don't know, somehow important in all this uh election stuff. I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: maybe not like
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: Detroit
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: though. Um Yeah. No. Yeah, these elections
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I remember them mentioning that county for some reason, they said something about it on the thing, I was watching all this stuff. Um whatever, whatever night that was, and then eventually I gave up and uh went to bed um like one in the morning realizing that there was not going to be like a conclusive decision. Um So and I was glad I did because like then I woke up in the morning of the exact same state it was when I went to bed, so is like um kind of uh anticlimactic a bit um at least like seems like everything was really slow this year, like the results coming in and everything. So uh but
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I do remember they said grand rapids at one
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: point and showing little county map and all that stuff. So I remember seeing that. So you're one of the key votes there, I guess?
SPEAKER_R: we were our county was definitely taking its time. Uh should I would ask you um I don't know how old you are, but were you Um following the same way we're in 2000 with the Al Gore where you woke up and there still were no results. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I think I think like that, well, I mean it was it's been a while, but I think that one was like um it was closer in terms of electoral and it was also like more focused on that one state because um it was clear the other ones were decided, it was just that one whoever won florida was it? And so there was like all big push for that this time. It was like, well there's a couple of states could go either way and then you kinda have to do all the different scenarios to say, but now it looks like, you know, it's over. But um but like it wasn't like clear. There was still like I think five
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: or so states outstanding when I went to bed. But yeah, it's kind of similar. I mean I think I think that was like probably probably closer when it
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: will find like winds up being when everything settled. I would be like go down as closer because I think even like Georgia, I don't think they have called Georgia was kind of weird. Um He's usually Georgia like as a Republican like for probably since like Bill clinton maybe. Um, it's usually, it's not even like a swing state really. Um, although I think like it's trending that way. But um, I was surprised like Georgia wasn't called is still within, I don't know, probably thousands of votes or whatever, but it doesn't matter because all the other states that have been called Georgia, I don't think will affect the outcome at this point. Um, but it is kind of a weird situation. Um, just to come down to that when I think all of the polls said like it was, it was gonna be like a landslide. It seemed like, and then I was like, oh, it's close. And then I was like, oh no, it's not that closely. Like I think it's like, I think biden was like 2 90 doctoral bullets last time I looked. It's really not that I mean to to 70 to win. So it's not really that close really? I don't know. It looks like Georgia will go biden and then
SPEAKER_R: Direction.
SPEAKER_L: north Carolina will trump. So I know what that tallies up to be, but Probably be like almost 300 I would think at the end of the thing.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, and that's if the Electoral College votes correctly, you know, they can still we still have a few people that decide to go against their own electoral nominations. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's where, yeah. Something that could happen. I mean
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: potential.
SPEAKER_R: you go to jail for that 50 years ago. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that anyone did last time, but
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: they always say that, um,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I guess if they pick the right people, then they'll vote with the way they're supposed to or whatever. But um, But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yes, I was alive in 2000.
SPEAKER_R: I mean in fact I
SPEAKER_L: It was good.
SPEAKER_R: expected you were alive, just didn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know uh if you were voting or caring time age.
SPEAKER_L: don't know if, I don't think I was vote, wasn't voting. I
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: think, I don't think I was, I was, I don't think I was eligible, I wasn't eligible to vote. Yeah, it was a five standard because that would have been well and I would've been like 17 Or something 18 because I was born in 83, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm five years older than you. So I mean I've always cared about about politics, like my dad always took me to vote with him and they had one of those machines for kids where you could like vote for Mr Green or mrs Blue or Doctor
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: that was that in what is that in um michigan?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No I actually um I was born in Alaska and also grew up in California, so I'm a little bit of place but yeah, I mean my dad was very much into politics continues to be and I have always been into politics has always, this year is but three full days at the county democratic headquarters every week for like two months. I think that was my big like self goal, pushed it that way, say to myself, I did what I can now, whatever happens happens. And then I went campaign uh Tuesday Wednesday, thursday, came back to the breath and went back out uh saturday sunday. So
SPEAKER_L: That's cool now. I mean that's awesome. Yeah, I mean I have not been camping by myself honestly, but that's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: it was my first time. It was so bad, I didn't have to like I'm so slow, I'm I'm completely out of shape, I'm slow and some of my equipment is new or borrow, so it's all unfamiliar, you know? And so it was nice thing by myself so I could go to the place that I wanted to go. I was only filtering
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: water for one person, I was, you know, having to worry about my hiking, super slow hiking pace, you know? It was really great. I don't love
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome. You you must have like really erupted then because you like you actually did like the filtering and you bring like a camping stove and
SPEAKER_R: All that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I did some of that like when I was in the scouts but I haven't really uh partaking um my wife's like uh I don't know, not a camper. I don't know, I don't know how to say it a nice way. She's like a hotel kind of a first. I don't know. Um Even like even RV would probably not do I don't know what to say. So I haven't really partaking in that in a while but yeah, no it's cool. We have like some nature trails like near the house so we kind of go out there and walk sometimes kind of nice. Um But that's about as much as like we rough that there's a couple like you know things you can kind of walk and do some hiking but then we just come back you know the house afterwards we don't like I think it's the bugs, it's probably bugs. There's a lot of bugs in Georgia may not. Well I realize that but like the bugs are a lot different here.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'd rather have sore muscles and bug bites. That is 100
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's like a lot of mosquitoes. You got like palmetto bugs, you got all kinds of stuff. Yeah so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. It may not be like one of the camp camp in the south, but michigan
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: is probably nice, like the cold weather is kills all the folks right?
SPEAKER_R: That's true
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but you got to deal with the snow. Do you ever do like um any of like the stuff in the snow like you like snowmobiling or anything like that? Not
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: my relatives, my relatives who live in indiana,
SPEAKER_R: to activate,
SPEAKER_L: they live in like uh Valparaiso indiana and if you're familiar it's kind of nearly gary and Chicago ish area, but they like to go michigan and like snowmobile. Um but they're real like power sports sort of people. So I don't know like I'm not really into all that either, but like they seem to think that's a cool thing to do is like michigan for a couple of weeks in the wintertime and go bar hopping stuff. I don't know so but I've never been there, invited me to go so I don't know. But.
SPEAKER_R: Are you sure they're not your uh your H. O. A. Neighbors? And
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. I don't know. I mean they bring they have three kids to bring their kids and like
SPEAKER_R: so that.
SPEAKER_L: it's the whole thing and they're like kids can go to bars in michigan, I'm like okay but like I don't know I'm not taking my kid to a bar like but they they just love it up I guess and just like bring bring the kids along or whatever so I don't know
SPEAKER_R: bars are very different in Grand rapids. Like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: is our city bars are just restaurants with fancy beer pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: sounds cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do it sometimes bring the kids sport
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't.
SPEAKER_L: could like that. Well what should I visit if I visit michigan where should
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully
SPEAKER_L: I visit?
SPEAKER_R: it is. I mean if you're in the beer scene you need to visit Grand rapids. Got to do it. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bigger
SPEAKER_R: spent
SPEAKER_L: do that.
SPEAKER_R: of time elsewhere but that's a good place to be.
SPEAKER_L: Okay I'll look it up. It's just like it's a town grand rapids, that's
SPEAKER_R: rapids
SPEAKER_L: the thing.
SPEAKER_R: in the city and there's a bunch of those places around it. But yeah if you just wanna do a good hotel weekends and get some really good food Grand rapids is the way to do it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm I made sure I, one of these days get like you gotta get out there and explore once ever whenever the pandemic thing is over. Um That would be my 1st 1st destination.
SPEAKER_R: All right. All right, you do that. It was really nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: it's good time as he to like have a good day, have a good night. Um
SPEAKER_R: He say beautiful. He scares by.