Hi, good, hold on. I'm just gonna make sure to get my life right here. Uh I never can tell you at this time of day how
the lights are gonna play?
All
I'll do,
So hi, happy thursday. Yeah.
Yeah, it's been pretty good. I got back from a camping trip and uh
had a really
great time and it was it was a solo backpacking trip and I had such a good time that I was like calling my husband, you have to come do this with me. So yesterday and you got a couple backpacks in the mail for him to try these really tall guy. So
I figured it might be a little bit uh
challenging to find a pack that fits right, But you know, we've got a little time of cold, I'm in michigan. Where are you?
So
you know, we did this time last year, but uh this year we actually started the week off
with like 70 something degree weather. It was a
weird little bump and it meant that
there were more people out than usual, but I thought it was still at the time. I mean, the weather is going to be what it's gonna be. So yeah. What was your week like so far?
You have kids that are in school?
All
No.
Oh no, I love that age for kids. I don't I don't have any that my intent on having any, but I love spending time with them at that age. Well, okay, maybe like the 4-10, that's my favorite. Probably. Yeah.
How much do you owe them? So like have each other to have a best friend at that age? Well, that age, if you don't have siblings, you pretty much don't see the same kids regularly unless you're like in daycare and even then it can change.
So
what's that?
Two
charlie
looks good. Who do you have behind you? Is that the camp from put some
magic?
it's
it's
oh that's good
it's sad.
Um You know Halloween was interesting so I look in a subdivision um it's a newer subdivision, everybody has a lot that's about three acres. And um when
we moved in we were like the third people to move in and build we didn't actually build we bought from one of the original builders people here And when everyone else moved in they tore down their trees and solve lawns and then had a pass of the kids you know kids here three kids there and we're the only people in the subdivision of I think eight families that do not have Children
even though we're the same age as everyone else. So it puts us in a really weird place. But I also am a private music teacher and kids flock to me for, I mean I kind of understand why now I think it's because I have the energy to treat kids like little humans as opposed to going uh you know, I have this energy and I'm spending it on my own kids and I've just had enough, you know, it's very different when you don't have to, you know have that kind of so so the kids love me, the parents don't know me as well. I teach some of the kids or was proposed that the and so the only time I really hang out with any of the adults was
when
they would walk their kids up here. Otherwise, you know, if I saw him as I was writing through, you know, one part of the pub stack, I was shopping high or whatever or maybe the christmas party where the together still. So this year ago, um, I also give out adult beverages on how aim for the adult family. Um,
but this year was weird because they were going in lieu of having their kids go out for treating against, you know, the general areas around here, they instead decided just to do the cold sacks the subdivision so that it was only families that already spent time together. But then they also said, hey, we also want to have a party for the adults. I'm the only person in this area who is my husband and I, who is like really staunchly for maintaining quarantine and wear vests when we go out and see other people and they are not. So I had to, they said pretty much Krista, let's see huntress that time. Pretty much you you tell us the time so that you'll be there. And I had to be like, I don't know, I think I have other plans, but I don't know when they are, but I promised something, this kind of thing. And I felt really bad too to fib about it. But I wasn't, you know, being in a area where I'm the loan person in all sorts of ways because kept dollar trees, we don't have kids where liberal leaving like all of these things that are very different. And so I I tried to not stir the pot because these are the people that you know, if they have a problem, you call that or they call you if you have a problem, they come help and I don't want to, you know it's just a weird dynamic. So this year we said uh we decided to cancel everything but
a bunch of big candy and treats and stuff at the end of the driveway so
they didn't have to walk all the way down. And how was it? So that was a column
was very unusual. Those were
would
never hang out with them. I mean they moved in and just chop down all their trees like I don't, and now we've got gigantic lawns like who needs three acres of lawn? I don't understand.
We don't live on the outskirts anymore. I think this is just a higher income area. Not rich just I'd say pushing upper middle class but it doesn't. Yeah. But so it makes me wonder if that's one of the reasons why I'm the um why were the loan growth in this area?
Tell
me
why.
What?
What?
But
Because
if.
And I
But
Yeah. Yeah. How long have you lived there now?
But.
I
Mhm.
What? Well
What?
Okay. Yeah. How long does it take to drive to the grocery store or where they
I mean
Because
Good
luck.
No, I'm just outside of Grand rapids. Yeah, so I'm gonna
I mean,
maybe not like
Detroit
though. Um Yeah. No. Yeah, these elections
that's
Okay.
All
we were our county was definitely taking its time. Uh should I would ask you um I don't know how old you are, but were you Um following the same way we're in 2000 with the Al Gore where you woke up and there still were no results. Yeah.
But
But
Direction.
Well, yeah, and that's if the Electoral College votes correctly, you know, they can still we still have a few people that decide to go against their own electoral nominations. Okay.
If
you go to jail for that 50 years ago. So,
you know,
it's
Yeah.
I mean in fact I
expected you were alive, just didn't
know uh if you were voting or caring time age.
so
there.
Yeah, I'm five years older than you. So I mean I've always cared about about politics, like my dad always took me to vote with him and they had one of those machines for kids where you could like vote for Mr Green or mrs Blue or Doctor
or
Yeah. No I actually um I was born in Alaska and also grew up in California, so I'm a little bit of place but yeah, I mean my dad was very much into politics continues to be and I have always been into politics has always, this year is but three full days at the county democratic headquarters every week for like two months. I think that was my big like self goal, pushed it that way, say to myself, I did what I can now, whatever happens happens. And then I went campaign uh Tuesday Wednesday, thursday, came back to the breath and went back out uh saturday sunday. So
it was my first time. It was so bad, I didn't have to like I'm so slow, I'm I'm completely out of shape, I'm slow and some of my equipment is new or borrow, so it's all unfamiliar, you know? And so it was nice thing by myself so I could go to the place that I wanted to go. I was only filtering
water for one person, I was, you know, having to worry about my hiking, super slow hiking pace, you know? It was really great. I don't love
it.
All that. Yeah.
Oh, I'd rather have sore muscles and bug bites. That is 100
Yeah.
I mean
That's true
that's true. Yeah.
No.
Have
you
to activate,
Are you sure they're not your uh your H. O. A. Neighbors? And
so that.
bars are very different in Grand rapids. Like
this
is our city bars are just restaurants with fancy beer pretty much.
Yeah. Do it sometimes bring the kids sport
don't.
Hopefully
it is. I mean if you're in the beer scene you need to visit Grand rapids. Got to do it. Yeah
I
spent
of time elsewhere but that's a good place to be.
rapids
in the city and there's a bunch of those places around it. But yeah if you just wanna do a good hotel weekends and get some really good food Grand rapids is the way to do it.
All right. All right, you do that. It was really nice chatting with you.
He say beautiful. He scares by.