Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah.
actually,
yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah,
understand what,
No worries, a good time.
I had a good week.
Mhm,
Mhm.
come on,
Yeah,
I'm in Georgia, it's not as cold. Yeah, I'm guessing it sounds cool. You probably area of snow
up there or something, Okay.
No.
Yeah,
with my marines,
Uh nothing too crazy. Um just kind of doing stuff around the house, working, nothing, nothing too exciting, taking care of kids, that's, that's about it,
they're not in school,
I have a two year old, a four
year old, so they're they're not in school yet, but they're at home, so sometimes it can be challenging to work from home and have to rangel them and stuff. So I was on a all this morning and I had to stop because they were uh needing me or whatever, so I suppose it gets kind of interesting.
they're pretty they're pretty good like at that age, I mean I think the two year old definitely has like the terrible twos a bit so she'll throw a fit um So that's kind of thing, but she's like really the comedian, so she's always making jokes and laughing about stuff, the older ones a bit more serious, but then if something is wrong and she really uh she really lets you know, but I don't know about about the other moments. Really really cute together to two girls, so they're kind of like best friends right now, so it's kind of awesome. Have of the
Yeah, we're we're in like a neighborhood like in a subdivision,
so
there's a lot of kids, they're really good friends with next door neighbors. They have like three girls I guess there I think they're a little older, but there's still there's two of them, they're two of
the younger ones are still kind of around their ages. Um But it's funny because like the older one will want to play with my youngest um and then the little one will want to play with the older ones. So it's kind of not what you would think it's gonna kind of strange that they I guess they like certain, you know the kids like other certain kids regardless of the age or whatever, but they come over all the time, they came over yesterday and play dear and they'll go outside and like right there vehicles and stuff we get time
generally. Pretty good.
That's
that's um Halloween. Um It's like a it's like a word. Um So yeah, this this is my office, well, kind of a makeshift office. It's like sort of also like basement storage to some extent. So uh work with what I got. But you know, it is good because like I could have maybe like another room with like a nicer view and stuff. This doesn't have any windows or anything, but like then uh the kids would be even more distracting so try to head out down here so I can focus on
on my stuff.
Uh It's not too bad.
You
have a good Halloween. Did you do anything for Halloween? Yes.
What?
Because
Thank
you.
Yeah.
No.
All
So
did you get along with your neighbors? Hold
on.
That's a big for, well, I mean I don't know about michigan but for like where I am, that's like a huge amount of land, Like we have a third of an acre and that's probably considered like generous um in this area. Just in terms like the newer houses, you have an older house, maybe you'd be like dealing with like an acre or maybe half an acre depending on when it was built in like the area and stuff, but like the new stuff they're building is like a quarter acre or smaller and that's still even like a kind of pushing like affordability at that point for most people. So um put in michigan I guess you guys have like a lot more uh land and stuff for persons. Mhm. Mhm.
we're like, I don't think we're like on the good list with our neighbors either, so
to
be
honest, so like I don't think we're too dissimilar to them. I think it's just sometimes like you uh you rub people the wrong way or something happens like um I don't know, we've had a couple disagreements with the one couple that's like the head of the H. O. A. Um and they're kind of busy bodies. Um and we had a bad circumstance where um my wife's mom was uh dying of cancer and she passed um I guess I guess it was uh basically like earlier this year, but they were like coming at us with like oh there's some uh bermuda grass growing into your mulch beds at the same time when this was happening. And my wife just kind of like replied back and probably not the most professional way because she was kind of just
like, look, this isn't the most important thing going on right now. Um and they didn't really
like kindly that, but then I think they kind of felt bad, but I don't know, they're always kind of like the busybodies, like you can't go outside your house without them kind of like approaching you and kind of getting in all your business and kind of not a friendly way, but kind of like in a nosy way, so I don't know, but since they organize all this stuff sometimes, like we feel like we get kind of excluded for some of the stuff or whatever, which I don't personally care about too much, but I think it kind of affects my wife a bit. And then it's like, if the kids get excluded, then we get kind of uh upset a bit because then it's like, well then they're not included and, and, and all the stuff, so I don't know, it's hard anywhere. I think like we get along with 90% of the people okay. But just that couple. And just, and since they're like, my wife says that they're like the uh,
like the guys like the mayor of the subdivision or whatever, self imposed and it's like, you know, if you're, I
don't know,
it's a whole, it's a whole thing with them. So they're, I mean they're just like, it's just like oil and water, I don't know what to say about it, but whatever, Like we moved in, I introduced myself as, hey, my name is steven and they're like, the guy's like, oh, I can't call you that, I call you steve, I can't call you Stephen. I'm like,
well that's, that's my name dude, I don't know what to tell you, but just like every little thing with them is just, it's hard, it's hard to explain, but they're just
like the worst. So I think it's just anywhere you don't, you don't actually be the best friends with everyone, so I don't know,
Oh man, it's probably, it's probably been like 2.5 years. Um We bought it I guess from the first owner who bought it from the builder. Um so it's like a really a five year old house now, so we've kind of been, they're probably longer than the original owners. Um We liked it pretty good. Like the neighbors across from us, they moved in after us, They moved in. Maybe, maybe you're after us, and they're already like selling the house and moving out. My wife is like, I knew it. It's uh You know what's his face? That's so annoying. I can't stand it. I'm like, I don't know. But you know, like they bounced out after like one year.
So I'm hoping like we're kind of hoping like maybe some cool people that we like when we have been uh um or whatever. Like, we were okay with those people, but like,
it wasn't like, you know, we're really going over to dinner parties with them or anything like that. So. Um I don't know. We'll see what happens, But they have their house on the market. Uh
Whatever reason they got tired of it, I can't tell you why, But but
it's a pretty, it's a pretty like nice. They were like kind of suburbs, like we were in the city. Um We had a condo, like a two bedroom condo. Um But then like, once the second kid was on the way, it was kind of like, even
for us, which were kind of like, I feel like probably able to kind of make do more than most people would because we stuck it out with like a one year old in a two bedroom condo and that was kind of crazy. Um But then on the second one is on the way we're like, screw this, we got to like move to the suburbs and get like the big house and whatever, so um But my wife misses the city a lot unfortunately, but with the pandemic and everything, it's kind of like, I'm kind of glad we are here because I I probably don't really want to be in the city, you can't really shut down. It kind of kills the appeal of it to me, but so I don't know, whole different lifestyle out here in the suburbs, but I mean in some ways it's nice. Yeah.
it's like super quick, like I mean to get to like a store is like maybe a mile or something, like maybe two miles and there's lots of stores, there's lots of stuff, it's just like I think um
Mhm. There's a limited number of life, super good restaurants. Um And if you want to go to like Certain stores, you have to drive like 20 or 20 or 30 minutes. I mean there's lots of stores around, it's just like if you want to go to like IKEA or something, it's not right next to the house or something. You know, obviously if they go to that more certain mall stuff like which you know I can take or leave but my wife I guess cares about that more. Um certain restaurants and things, there's only certain places in the city so like she wishes were like I guess probably more under the part of the action so to speak. But it's I mean it's not bad like you can get by, you have everything you need within five minutes of the house if you really like our honest like you can go to a restaurant, you can
get a good store, there's a target, there's a walmart um There's a home depot, there's a Lowe's they're all stuff you really would probably need I would think. But you know just depends on if what you're used to, if you're used to like Buckhead which
I
don't know if you're familiar with Atlanta but we were in Buckhead which is like the, I guess like the fancy part of Atlanta or whatever, so um has like all the nightlife and restaurants and what here you go from Buckhead to here, then you um probably lacking a bit if you liked all that, are you in like Detroit area or? Mhm.
I don't know it, but that sounds cool. It feels like that's like a uh like a swing county or something, I don't know, somehow important in all this uh election stuff. I don't know,
I mean,
thank
you.
I remember
I remember them mentioning that county for some reason, they said something about it on the thing, I was watching all this stuff. Um whatever, whatever night that was, and then eventually I gave up and uh went to bed um like one in the morning realizing that there was not going to be like a conclusive decision. Um So and I was glad I did because like then I woke up in the morning of the exact same state it was when I went to bed, so is like um kind of uh anticlimactic a bit um at least like seems like everything was really slow this year, like the results coming in and everything. So uh but
I do remember they said grand rapids at one
point and showing little county map and all that stuff. So I remember seeing that. So you're one of the key votes there, I guess?
I mean, I think I think like that, well, I mean it was it's been a while, but I think that one was like um it was closer in terms of electoral and it was also like more focused on that one state because um it was clear the other ones were decided, it was just that one whoever won florida was it? And so there was like all big push for that this time. It was like, well there's a couple of states could go either way and then you kinda have to do all the different scenarios to say, but now it looks like, you know, it's over. But um but like it wasn't like clear. There was still like I think five
or so states outstanding when I went to bed. But yeah, it's kind of similar. I mean I think I think that was like probably probably closer when it
will find like winds up being when everything settled. I would be like go down as closer because I think even like Georgia, I don't think they have called Georgia was kind of weird. Um He's usually Georgia like as a Republican like for probably since like Bill clinton maybe. Um, it's usually, it's not even like a swing state really. Um, although I think like it's trending that way. But um, I was surprised like Georgia wasn't called is still within, I don't know, probably thousands of votes or whatever, but it doesn't matter because all the other states that have been called Georgia, I don't think will affect the outcome at this point. Um, but it is kind of a weird situation. Um, just to come down to that when I think all of the polls said like it was, it was gonna be like a landslide. It seemed like, and then I was like, oh, it's close. And then I was like, oh no, it's not that closely. Like I think it's like, I think biden was like 2 90 doctoral bullets last time I looked. It's really not that I mean to to 70 to win. So it's not really that close really? I don't know. It looks like Georgia will go biden and then
north Carolina will trump. So I know what that tallies up to be, but Probably be like almost 300 I would think at the end of the thing.
that's where, yeah. Something that could happen. I mean
potential.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that anyone did last time, but
they always say that, um,
I guess if they pick the right people, then they'll vote with the way they're supposed to or whatever. But um, But
yes, I was alive in 2000.
It was good.
I
don't know if, I don't think I was vote, wasn't voting. I
don't
think, I don't think I was, I was, I don't think I was eligible, I wasn't eligible to vote. Yeah, it was a five standard because that would have been well and I would've been like 17 Or something 18 because I was born in 83, so yeah.
Was
that was that in what is that in um michigan?
That's cool now. I mean that's awesome. Yeah, I mean I have not been camping by myself honestly, but that's kind of cool.
You know?
no
it's awesome. You you must have like really erupted then because you like you actually did like the filtering and you bring like a camping stove and
I did some of that like when I was in the scouts but I haven't really uh partaking um my wife's like uh I don't know, not a camper. I don't know, I don't know how to say it a nice way. She's like a hotel kind of a first. I don't know. Um Even like even RV would probably not do I don't know what to say. So I haven't really partaking in that in a while but yeah, no it's cool. We have like some nature trails like near the house so we kind of go out there and walk sometimes kind of nice. Um But that's about as much as like we rough that there's a couple like you know things you can kind of walk and do some hiking but then we just come back you know the house afterwards we don't like I think it's the bugs, it's probably bugs. There's a lot of bugs in Georgia may not. Well I realize that but like the bugs are a lot different here.
Yeah there's like a lot of mosquitoes. You got like palmetto bugs, you got all kinds of stuff. Yeah so
I don't know. It may not be like one of the camp camp in the south, but michigan
is probably nice, like the cold weather is kills all the folks right?
So
but you got to deal with the snow. Do you ever do like um any of like the stuff in the snow like you like snowmobiling or anything like that? Not
you? Okay.
My
my relatives, my relatives who live in indiana,
they live in like uh Valparaiso indiana and if you're familiar it's kind of nearly gary and Chicago ish area, but they like to go michigan and like snowmobile. Um but they're real like power sports sort of people. So I don't know like I'm not really into all that either, but like they seem to think that's a cool thing to do is like michigan for a couple of weeks in the wintertime and go bar hopping stuff. I don't know so but I've never been there, invited me to go so I don't know. But.
Oh man. I don't know. I mean they bring they have three kids to bring their kids and like
it's the whole thing and they're like kids can go to bars in michigan, I'm like okay but like I don't know I'm not taking my kid to a bar like but they they just love it up I guess and just like bring bring the kids along or whatever so I don't know
you
know?
sounds cool.
I
could like that. Well what should I visit if I visit michigan where should
I visit?
I like
bigger
do that.
Okay I'll look it up. It's just like it's a town grand rapids, that's
the thing.
I'm I made sure I, one of these days get like you gotta get out there and explore once ever whenever the pandemic thing is over. Um That would be my 1st 1st destination.
it's good time as he to like have a good day, have a good night. Um