SPEAKER_L: sure. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hey there how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm all right, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Pretty well on Matthew
SPEAKER_R: I'm Maria, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Maria. Good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, happy saturday, Always good to make it through the week, Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I got to tell you like noon
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: on a friday afterwards it just write it off and I'm just if I'm in the office I'm out talking with people or if I'm at home I'm probably watching tv.
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? Oh I Fridays are my worst, I don't know what it is, but all the issues come up friday afternoon and the worst thing,
SPEAKER_L: So where are you from
SPEAKER_R: I'm michigan, how about
SPEAKER_L: michigan?
SPEAKER_R: you? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Raleigh north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Oh I love Raleigh, I love that area. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I have to ask the obvious question. Duke or north Carolina fan here. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny, Yeah, I love that area, I excuse me, I actually wanted to go to school down there and it just didn't happen.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Which were you looking at Chapel
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Hill or
SPEAKER_R: I was looking at Duke, yep, yep,
SPEAKER_L: Very nice.
SPEAKER_R: but I have
SPEAKER_L: What are
SPEAKER_R: found
SPEAKER_L: you looking to study?
SPEAKER_R: originally architecture but I wasn't, I ended up going to school in michigan and uh a little too cutthroat, I was kind of middle of the road and so I transferred out and I'm in business now, so what you, mm
SPEAKER_L: Uh So I went to east Carolina here in Raleigh. Um And then I'm actually a C. P. A. Um But I guess when you don't do well in your first bachelors you have to go back and get a second one. So so
SPEAKER_R: that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: I ended up going to Virginia, commonwealth University in Richmond Virginia for my second bachelor's and then I went to a little obscure college for my masters in accountancy. Uh College really been married, which is in Williamsburg Virginia.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I am
SPEAKER_L: So uh I've done a little tour of the East coast schools and uh
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. That's okay. You know what I ended up kind of similar when I graduated college I wasn't in business, my back had to do my business pre wax started my NBA stopped my M. B. A. Went back and finished it so I get you and
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: then there
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking of
SPEAKER_R: three
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: different
SPEAKER_L: an M.
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: B. A. Now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah. Oh you know what I it's funny you mentioned you know the different schools and the sizes because like when I started my M. B. A. I went to michigan again and it's so big in uh and same thing with undergrad like it just was not a good fit for me and I ended up doing an executive program through michigan state and you're in a cohort of 80 and all the classes are locked up and um you know it was just such a good fit. I mean it was a I mean obviously it was really challenging but um you know it was really a great time, you get somewhat such good connections and grow with the group and with the team and um I think size is a big factor on when you go back to do your NBA
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been thinking about doing one. Um I actually just got a job offer or maybe two weeks ago where
SPEAKER_R: a lot of great,
SPEAKER_L: I worked for. Actually, if you look at any of the top five, top 10, most stressful jobs minds probably like number one or two. Um So I just got a job offer where I'm going to leave my company that's really stressful and actually go work for a different one and my hope is to go back and either do an online NBA, where I'm actually so UNC actually has one word online, but it's kind of like a video and they kind of require you to come to campus on, you know, I think I said once a quarter for a weekend and that way you're like doing video like this and you're getting educational
SPEAKER_R: just go
SPEAKER_L: court. Yeah. And a friend of mine did it and he was like, it was totally worth it. Um So I've been thinking about doing that, but I need to maybe get a couple of months in with these guys before I drop the bomb that uh hey, I'm also going to do at school, so you're not important anymore. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I thought you were gonna say having to do school, can you pay for it? But yeah, that part goes to,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm really kind of excited to, I guess you said get my life back a lot of what I've done over the past four years. It's just like 100% travel. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: God, this
SPEAKER_L: covid is actually kind of nice because I actually have to be in my house now. So I actually get to see the walls that I pay for and uh you know enjoy the things
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: I purchased.
SPEAKER_R: have a house. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's actually kind
SPEAKER_R: and mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I'm kind of hoping that this will kind of let me get back to my normal life and get back into a routine. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Well I was gonna ask so uh michigan state, so that's Lansing. Right,
SPEAKER_R: it is, but they do for the exact program, they also have a small campus near where I work in troy michigan. So we do, it is you have they start the program with what we call hell week. You have to go to Lansing for a week and you're basically sequestered in. Um They have an off site um kind of like convention area with a little attached hotel. So your western there for a week and you take five classes in that week. And it is. Uh huh. And that's when you first meet your group. So you go through the program with a group of
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: 4 to 6 people. And so basically this week it's kind of like boot camp throw you in, overwhelming. You tear you down figure out if you can regroup as a team and work together. And um you do I mean you walk out of that week I mean you are bonded with your team and you know you've basically got a semester done in one week. Um And then you go back to Lansing one again one week for another year. So it's, it's not bad. You don't have to go to Lansing. Um And for us, I mean it was every other weekend, um saturday all day and then one friday a month or
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: friday night. So I mean it's not bad. I did it.
SPEAKER_L: That doesn't sound better.
SPEAKER_R: No, it wasn't. I mean the coursework, the course load was if you have a family is rough. So I ended up starting the program. Like I had mentioned I had started eight years before I got married and all that and with work I was working 80 hours a week, ended up dropping. I was um about 1/4 of the way through the um program. And then when I started with state I started because the market had crashed up here and you know that's when on motive everybody was going broke and I'm an automotive, so Hey great. Um Yeah and I couldn't, and so my company, I had just had my son, I have one boy and I went from working part time to again almost 80 hours a week. And I was saying, you know I was so distraught, you know, here I have this baby and I'm not getting home to get him to bed and all this other stuff. And when I went to look for other jobs, everybody's like you're at the top of where you're at and basically I had to go back to school to make, to be more marketable. And so I started um he he was a baby and so juggling him with a crazy work schedule and then the school, I mean it was, it was tough but I mean otherwise it's not if you don't have kids at home and it's just you or just you and a spouse, it's definitely doable. And especially just a river saturday. I mean really, especially up here, I mean I hate to say it, you know we have good weather from maybe March to october. I mean you're you don't care if you losing your Saturdays because there's nothing to do. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you got to have winter and construction as your seasons of the year.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Which is probably the one nice thing about quarantine since you bring that up is we're not bitching about the construction because nobody driving, we don't even notice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, those roads better be pristine and and uh you know, freshly paved when I get out there,
SPEAKER_R: buddy I had to take my son somewhere. Uh Oh he had a baseball game because we are starting again with baseball whether or not that's a good thing or not but go to this game and it was about 40 minutes away and the one of the major highways was repaved. I'm like oh I didn't realize they didn't. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: little present.
SPEAKER_R: He said hopefully I'll be nice by the time we all get back to work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what it is, it's not like it's like my road, but I feel like whenever road is paved I'm like oh this is so great,
SPEAKER_R: Yes yes because we're here because oh my God there's some of them are so bad, it's just and it and it's funny because my son's dad is from Ohio which of course you know I get tons of grief or but so that's all I hear from him and my ex's family is, the roads are so bad here, look at how great they're in Ohio blah blah blah in some way yes I suck I don't know why we can't get it together but you have a really bad here. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's funny because um so my as you keep talking about Lansing all the roads up there. Um when about four years ago when I started with my company, my travel was actually Lansing michigan for um I don't know if you're familiar with emergent bio solutions, they're probably like the only employer.
SPEAKER_R: Yes um and then I think striker is close by too, yep
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: okay
SPEAKER_L: so they were my client,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: so I went there for two years. And what's
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: funny
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: years
SPEAKER_L: both years during our busy season, you know being an account in january through at least are through february, everybody thinks it's tax season, but it's really just through february because I'm just in financial audit, I'm not tax person. Um But both years I was preparing like no other like I had like snow pants, snow boots and like a jacket and it was like a heat wave. We got a bear and it was like maybe like 2030 degrees, there's like barely any snow or the snow
SPEAKER_R: With the
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: election
SPEAKER_L: melting.
SPEAKER_R: years? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and then I ended up moving offices with my company from D. C. Down to Raleigh and my thought was oh well you know I guess I'm done traveling and going north and that next busy season um I got sent to kalamazoo michigan.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh you can't get away with skin
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it just so happened that there was actually striker was in Kalamazoo I think or at least I had a big campus there. Um But there was like a small component of a client that we had in Raleigh and they were like hey we need to people to go up there like would you go? And I was like you gotta be kidding me. Okay so uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I got like a Yukon XL for like my rental car for my team and all this, like expecting to be like
SPEAKER_R: Snowden.
SPEAKER_L: driving from crazy snow and it didn't snow a little. But I mean I certainly did not use any of the capabilities. It was like the north Carolina snow where it snows in the morning and in the afternoon it starts to melt. I was like, this is kind of nice, but at the same time we don't get snow down here. So I was kind of hoping to have that experience and I didn't uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well and that's the nice thing for you guys, my um I have a niece down in Richmond and so yeah she's always like I wish we get snow and then when they get to know like everything closes, I'm like that's the way to do it. It's
SPEAKER_L: several days.
SPEAKER_R: yes, yes, so it's been really sporadic up here and actually my my son loves the snow of course because he's a kid, they do they don't have a side of having to drive in it and everything but um he's been really complaining because yeah, I mean the last couple of years and it's really you know it's so unpredictable some years will get a ton and like the last couple years we've hardly gotten any, like all the ski places have had really horrible seasons and there's just it's unpredictable and it seems like with climate change and everything, it's the winters aren't as rough most of the time, which of course I love it, but it's a it's not good, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I, I hear you. Um it's funny how we usually don't get snow down here and when we do that kind of people are pointing to, its like we didn't used to get this and now you know, just like, no, that's a uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I I do miss the snow though. Um I lived in Albany new york when I was a
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: kid.
SPEAKER_R: God, so yeah, you know snow
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: And I remember like we had like a sloped driveway. Um it wasn't a huge one, but it was enough to wear like my mother's Honda accord couldn't get up or down it sometimes and you'd be out there with an ice chipper trying to chip away at the ice so she could get down and I swear I was like 10 years old out there and she wake us up at like six a.m. Like I need to get the car out, go help.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, I can't imagine I used to, so you talk about traveling all the time, I had one job, Mhm. Working uh with a plant in Bennington Vermont and uh
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I used to always have to fly into Albany and that one job, I mean I was there two weeks a month for
SPEAKER_L: true. Mm
SPEAKER_R: I just remember driving through all the snow and everything, I'm like oh my gosh, I'm never going to complain about michigan's growing more. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Seriously? It's like, it's the type that's like almost like sleep where you just slide everywhere. Uh My sister ended up moving back there right after college and I remember she ended up moving somewhere else because the company asked her to like I'd say like seven months later after she had just gotten there. And I remember the one time it snowed really really hard, I went out there and shovel for her but then I was also driving my dad's truck around uh you know going and running errands for her and stuff like that and I'm just sliding all over the place and their highways are not like our highways you know people are flying down the road because they're just used to it and I'm just like I was like oh now I understand what old people feel like when they're driving and they got the two hands on the wheel on their up front you know because uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's so funny. Yeah, that's different, I mean if you're used to a lot of the snow, I can see where you miss it a bit.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah you can't go skiing down here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah no that's not gonna happen so I'm assuming Yeah you're probably a big skier, weren't you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh A little bit. Um I used to do like the bunny hills uh well my dad would take me, I forgot what in the world is it? White face mountain, is that right? I remember there's a mountain up there at something face um but he used to take us there all the time and I would just do the bunny hills and he would just kind of sit there and hang out and watch and then he'd be like all right, I'm gonna go do real skiing. Um you guys sit here and normally my mother would be just kind of like sitting down there watching
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: like they have like a cabin at the bottom and she would just kind of watch and uh oh yeah
SPEAKER_R: exact opposite my um which is funny because my son teases me, my father was the most paranoid parent ever, so
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Gloria we weren't allowed to ski, we weren't allowed to go flooding, we weren't allowed to go ice skating because you know, somebody's gonna break something
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: and so I didn't really go skiing until he wanted to learn and I'm horrible, he's of course great. You know he's a kid, he has no fear and by the time I started I tried to learn with him, I had already had surgery on one of my ankles. And so of course in the back of my mind is like, wow, if I get really hurt, I'm gonna have to have surgery on a knee or I'm gonna break something. I mean I don't want to do that again. And so he's really good. I'm horrible. And exactly. Now I'm to the point, I'm like, either I'm just sitting there watching or it's like, okay, you go with dad, I'm not going, it's not fun. It freaks me out myself.
SPEAKER_L: I just remember even as a kid, just with as often as I would fall, you wake up with the next morning and it was like you got hit by a mack truck, like even as a kid, it was just like, oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: See I didn't
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: have that.
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: much as you fall and hit the ground and get back up and you think that snow is forgiving and it's really not.
SPEAKER_R: because he was going to
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: say I, I would freak myself out and like as soon as I would get too much speed where I could tell I wasn't controlling it, I would fall on purpose and actually I must have learned a graceful way to fall them because I don't remember feeling that, but I'm
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: lot, but usually on purpose because not a huge chicken and so that's why he teases me. He's like, oh my gosh, you were just such a worry wart. And I'm thinking, you know nothing. You should have been with my dad. I was like, it was up if this would have been how I was growing up. I said, you wouldn't even know what skiing is boy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So did you grow up in michigan
SPEAKER_R: I did.
SPEAKER_L: then or
SPEAKER_R: I've been here my whole life.
SPEAKER_L: Michael?
SPEAKER_R: I wanted to get out, you know, my first company I worked for with Demons and the group that I was working with, their headquarters was in Alpharetta Georgia and loved it down there, tried to transfer and then we bought a company whose headquarters was down in Arlington texas and I tried to move there. Like I've tried to get the heck out of michigan and it didn't happen. I mean part of the problem is again, I'm an automotive, so sometimes it's, it seems like you can't get out of michigan for the most part and I've got my son and the family's all here, so it's like, all right, I'm stuck until he goes to college.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, especially you know, being in business, it's like either you're at the headquarter or you got to take one of the very few business jobs at like one of the plants and all the plants are truly in the middle of nowhere,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's a little,
SPEAKER_L: tuscaloosa Alabama and you're like, why is it there? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's gotten a little better I think like the last 10 years, you know, a little more developed like in Tennessee and north Carolina. But yeah, you're right. I mean a lot of them for such a long time are like and nowhere and the problem too is actually have a friend who is a sales director who wants to get back into plants, be closer to where he grew up in, they just don't pay. It's, I mean like you said going out of corporate, especially like in sales or business development, you're just not going to make the money, you were, so, so you're tethered to michigan unfortunately, but Oh.
SPEAKER_L: I have had serious considerations as to whether I want to do something automotive wise and you know when you look at where all the companies are headquartered, um the only thing that was really cool is um in Greensboro north Carolina, which is to the west of me, maybe like an hour, hour and a half is Honda jet. Uh they've got their only facility there and I was like that would be so cool to go work there, you know, they're jet, their jets are just unlike any of the other ones out there and I always love Honda and I'm like oh let's do this, and it's like even that's like too far and as far as Honda is concerned, it's basically like another plant because if I'm not mistaken they're out in like Torrance California or something is where their headquarters is an automotive wise, they've got a huge thing in Marysville Ohio, but it's like
SPEAKER_R: But the same,
SPEAKER_L: there was nothing
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: else.
SPEAKER_R: nothing there and they do that on purpose, like actually um I've worked for a couple of japanese companies and they do that on purpose and I'm just thinking why the last japanese company I worked for was um also in Ohio and a small call town called New Sabina, and it's like 30 minutes between from Dayton in probably 40 minutes to Cincinnati and so you're kind of out in between with nothing there and so we would have all these hiring issues and staff issues and I was like, okay, well you're in the middle of nowhere and you can't get anybody to work in your plant. Okay, well this was a good choice to be in the middle of,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, You almost have to build your own little neighborhood out there.
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy and and then it was hard to because so basically the town was I mean everything was dependent on you. You were the big besides like um medical, like a small little local hospital, there's no other jobs. Well so then soon enough, you know, DHL's coming in, we'll all your people are going to leave to go work there because you know, compared to manufacturing it's an easier job so then you just create problems because you don't have a big enough work pool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Gosh. Um It kind of makes me laugh because as you're saying that out in the middle of nowhere um I had a client which let's just say it's one of the larger hospitality companies in the world um rhymes with Harriott uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: where they like you know D. C. When I lived there, you know if you kind of put a circle around it where like the beltway was we have the metro which goes all throughout the city and they were just outside of the metro and they were in like an older building and they had a hard time getting people to come work for them or at least like millennials the younger generation because they were like they don't want to come out of D. C. If they're there, the the younger crowd is actually in Virginia so it takes longer for them to get up there and they have to take a bus to get to us. And so they were like we have to move but we've been here for how long.
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: And I remember as they were having all these conversations talking to us as the auditor like hey we've got all these changes coming up um them just trying to calculate the costs of moving and getting a new building and setting it up the right way and then the cost of you know lower staffing costs because they can actually get the pool that they want to and they don't have to pay more and have people go through the trouble of getting there. And they actually found a way to like make money if you will by moving. And I thought that was like fascinating. like what all you do is move your building like I don't know maybe like two miles down the road into a newer building And they were like yeah like we have that kind of trouble staffing in our corporate office just
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: people don't want to do that travel. I
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: was like in this area.
SPEAKER_R: miles. What about just doing shuttles like Yeah a lot
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: of money to
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: move
SPEAKER_L: should have done
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: miles. Yeah. It's crazy. It makes that big of a difference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am because
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: big
SPEAKER_L: just don't want to be inconvenienced
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know that was another thing, you know, looking back, I didn't go to a big city like really in a big city until almost 30. And I went remember being in I was in Manhattan for some stuff for work. And I remember like, oh my God, I'm like, I love this, just like, and at that point I was I was engaged and I'm like, oh to live in a big city, you know, in subways and not have to drive and everything like cultural, so close by and yeah, that's another one. I'd love to move south, but I would also love to live in a big city. I'm never really,
SPEAKER_L: it's not as glamorous as you would think.
SPEAKER_R: I did all my friends live there. Tell me, um
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you have a girlfriend?
SPEAKER_L: like all the things that you think you would go see you never really do, you're just like uh that's it, it's over near X. Y. Z. Circle and there's always so much traffic in people there. It's just a tourist trap, let's go over here instead and you find your own local spots and you just never end up leaving them.
SPEAKER_R: She said especially in the same thing, you know, like not having to drive because I do, I I hate driving and you know, there are days, it'll be like 2.5 hours in the car and I'm just like, oh my God, kill me. Yeah, so I'm like all of you so nice to have a subway in this and that. And she's like, yeah, no think about, you know when I'm there it was always you know offseason or you know, I didn't have like set hours, I wasn't in rush hours, she's like see what you're saying. She goes imagine that by 10, everybody crammed in, people touching you this and that. She's like you would be super happy to be in your car and not have anyone around you. She's like all these things you think are benefits she said uh you're growing up and you'll change your mind. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that was my experience and of course not getting paid as much in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: Because this was earlier in my career. I just remember being like I'm broke, I can't really do anything anyway. And it's like we have to create our own events.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. Yeah. You know that's that's the tough part when you're starting out, I mean you think it's gonna be so great and you see the the original paycheck and you think it's so much money and then when you get to paying rent and paying card and you're like no I really have no money I can't do it. I don't miss that at all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah me neither. Well I'll tell you what I think we're at our time here. Uh But I definitely enjoyed talking with you Maria. Thank you
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: so much.
SPEAKER_R: pleasure. I did as well thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and enjoy the rest of your weekend
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: and uh good luck
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: to you.
SPEAKER_R: you you as well take care. Bye.