sure. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right.
Hey there how are you
doing? Pretty well on Matthew
Maria. Good to meet you.
Yeah I got to tell you like noon
on a friday afterwards it just write it off and I'm just if I'm in the office I'm out talking with people or if I'm at home I'm probably watching tv.
So where are you from
michigan?
I'm in Raleigh north Carolina.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Oh yeah. Which were you looking at Chapel
Hill or
Very nice.
What are
you looking to study?
Uh So I went to east Carolina here in Raleigh. Um And then I'm actually a C. P. A. Um But I guess when you don't do well in your first bachelors you have to go back and get a second one. So so
I ended up going to Virginia, commonwealth University in Richmond Virginia for my second bachelor's and then I went to a little obscure college for my masters in accountancy. Uh College really been married, which is in Williamsburg Virginia.
So uh I've done a little tour of the East coast schools and uh
actually
I'm thinking of
doing
an M.
B. A. Now. Yeah.
Yeah, I've been thinking about doing one. Um I actually just got a job offer or maybe two weeks ago where
I worked for. Actually, if you look at any of the top five, top 10, most stressful jobs minds probably like number one or two. Um So I just got a job offer where I'm going to leave my company that's really stressful and actually go work for a different one and my hope is to go back and either do an online NBA, where I'm actually so UNC actually has one word online, but it's kind of like a video and they kind of require you to come to campus on, you know, I think I said once a quarter for a weekend and that way you're like doing video like this and you're getting educational
court. Yeah. And a friend of mine did it and he was like, it was totally worth it. Um So I've been thinking about doing that, but I need to maybe get a couple of months in with these guys before I drop the bomb that uh hey, I'm also going to do at school, so you're not important anymore. Uh
Yeah, I'm really kind of excited to, I guess you said get my life back a lot of what I've done over the past four years. It's just like 100% travel. Um Yeah,
covid is actually kind of nice because I actually have to be in my house now. So I actually get to see the walls that I pay for and uh you know enjoy the things
that
I purchased.
yeah, it's actually kind
Um So I'm kind of hoping that this will kind of let me get back to my normal life and get back into a routine. Uh
Well I was gonna ask so uh michigan state, so that's Lansing. Right,
No.
interesting.
That doesn't sound better.
Yeah you got to have winter and construction as your seasons of the year.
Yeah. Yeah, those roads better be pristine and and uh you know, freshly paved when I get out there,
little present.
I don't know what it is, it's not like it's like my road, but I feel like whenever road is paved I'm like oh this is so great,
Yeah, it's funny because um so my as you keep talking about Lansing all the roads up there. Um when about four years ago when I started with my company, my travel was actually Lansing michigan for um I don't know if you're familiar with emergent bio solutions, they're probably like the only employer.
yeah,
so they were my client,
so I went there for two years. And what's
funny
is
both years during our busy season, you know being an account in january through at least are through february, everybody thinks it's tax season, but it's really just through february because I'm just in financial audit, I'm not tax person. Um But both years I was preparing like no other like I had like snow pants, snow boots and like a jacket and it was like a heat wave. We got a bear and it was like maybe like 2030 degrees, there's like barely any snow or the snow
is
melting.
and then I ended up moving offices with my company from D. C. Down to Raleigh and my thought was oh well you know I guess I'm done traveling and going north and that next busy season um I got sent to kalamazoo michigan.
Yeah it just so happened that there was actually striker was in Kalamazoo I think or at least I had a big campus there. Um But there was like a small component of a client that we had in Raleigh and they were like hey we need to people to go up there like would you go? And I was like you gotta be kidding me. Okay so uh
I got like a Yukon XL for like my rental car for my team and all this, like expecting to be like
driving from crazy snow and it didn't snow a little. But I mean I certainly did not use any of the capabilities. It was like the north Carolina snow where it snows in the morning and in the afternoon it starts to melt. I was like, this is kind of nice, but at the same time we don't get snow down here. So I was kind of hoping to have that experience and I didn't uh Yeah,
several days.
Yeah. Yeah. I, I hear you. Um it's funny how we usually don't get snow down here and when we do that kind of people are pointing to, its like we didn't used to get this and now you know, just like, no, that's a uh
I I do miss the snow though. Um I lived in Albany new york when I was a
kid.
Thank you. Oh yeah.
And I remember like we had like a sloped driveway. Um it wasn't a huge one, but it was enough to wear like my mother's Honda accord couldn't get up or down it sometimes and you'd be out there with an ice chipper trying to chip away at the ice so she could get down and I swear I was like 10 years old out there and she wake us up at like six a.m. Like I need to get the car out, go help.
hmm.
true. Mm
Seriously? It's like, it's the type that's like almost like sleep where you just slide everywhere. Uh My sister ended up moving back there right after college and I remember she ended up moving somewhere else because the company asked her to like I'd say like seven months later after she had just gotten there. And I remember the one time it snowed really really hard, I went out there and shovel for her but then I was also driving my dad's truck around uh you know going and running errands for her and stuff like that and I'm just sliding all over the place and their highways are not like our highways you know people are flying down the road because they're just used to it and I'm just like I was like oh now I understand what old people feel like when they're driving and they got the two hands on the wheel on their up front you know because uh
Uh huh.
Oh yeah you can't go skiing down here.
Uh A little bit. Um I used to do like the bunny hills uh well my dad would take me, I forgot what in the world is it? White face mountain, is that right? I remember there's a mountain up there at something face um but he used to take us there all the time and I would just do the bunny hills and he would just kind of sit there and hang out and watch and then he'd be like all right, I'm gonna go do real skiing. Um you guys sit here and normally my mother would be just kind of like sitting down there watching
from
like they have like a cabin at the bottom and she would just kind of watch and uh oh yeah
I'm
you know
I just remember even as a kid, just with as often as I would fall, you wake up with the next morning and it was like you got hit by a mack truck, like even as a kid, it was just like, oh yeah,
just
as
much as you fall and hit the ground and get back up and you think that snow is forgiving and it's really not.
man.
Thank you.
Yeah. So did you grow up in michigan
then or
Michael?
yeah, yeah, especially you know, being in business, it's like either you're at the headquarter or you got to take one of the very few business jobs at like one of the plants and all the plants are truly in the middle of nowhere,
tuscaloosa Alabama and you're like, why is it there? Yeah,
I have had serious considerations as to whether I want to do something automotive wise and you know when you look at where all the companies are headquartered, um the only thing that was really cool is um in Greensboro north Carolina, which is to the west of me, maybe like an hour, hour and a half is Honda jet. Uh they've got their only facility there and I was like that would be so cool to go work there, you know, they're jet, their jets are just unlike any of the other ones out there and I always love Honda and I'm like oh let's do this, and it's like even that's like too far and as far as Honda is concerned, it's basically like another plant because if I'm not mistaken they're out in like Torrance California or something is where their headquarters is an automotive wise, they've got a huge thing in Marysville Ohio, but it's like
there was nothing
else.
Yeah, You almost have to build your own little neighborhood out there.
Yeah. Gosh. Um It kind of makes me laugh because as you're saying that out in the middle of nowhere um I had a client which let's just say it's one of the larger hospitality companies in the world um rhymes with Harriott uh
where they like you know D. C. When I lived there, you know if you kind of put a circle around it where like the beltway was we have the metro which goes all throughout the city and they were just outside of the metro and they were in like an older building and they had a hard time getting people to come work for them or at least like millennials the younger generation because they were like they don't want to come out of D. C. If they're there, the the younger crowd is actually in Virginia so it takes longer for them to get up there and they have to take a bus to get to us. And so they were like we have to move but we've been here for how long.
And I remember as they were having all these conversations talking to us as the auditor like hey we've got all these changes coming up um them just trying to calculate the costs of moving and getting a new building and setting it up the right way and then the cost of you know lower staffing costs because they can actually get the pool that they want to and they don't have to pay more and have people go through the trouble of getting there. And they actually found a way to like make money if you will by moving. And I thought that was like fascinating. like what all you do is move your building like I don't know maybe like two miles down the road into a newer building And they were like yeah like we have that kind of trouble staffing in our corporate office just
because
people don't want to do that travel. I
was like in this area.
that's
they
should have done
that. Yeah.
Yeah I am because
people
just don't want to be inconvenienced
it's not as glamorous as you would think.
It's
like all the things that you think you would go see you never really do, you're just like uh that's it, it's over near X. Y. Z. Circle and there's always so much traffic in people there. It's just a tourist trap, let's go over here instead and you find your own local spots and you just never end up leaving them.
yeah that was my experience and of course not getting paid as much in D. C.
Because this was earlier in my career. I just remember being like I'm broke, I can't really do anything anyway. And it's like we have to create our own events.
Yeah me neither. Well I'll tell you what I think we're at our time here. Uh But I definitely enjoyed talking with you Maria. Thank you
so much.
Yeah and enjoy the rest of your weekend
and uh good luck
to you.