Hello.
I'm all right, how are you?
I'm Maria, nice to meet you.
Yeah, happy saturday, Always good to make it through the week, Right,
and
Oh really? Oh I Fridays are my worst, I don't know what it is, but all the issues come up friday afternoon and the worst thing,
I'm michigan, how about
you? Yeah,
okay. Oh I love Raleigh, I love that area. Uh
so I have to ask the obvious question. Duke or north Carolina fan here. Okay. Mhm.
That's funny, Yeah, I love that area, I excuse me, I actually wanted to go to school down there and it just didn't happen.
I'm
I was looking at Duke, yep, yep,
but I have
found
originally architecture but I wasn't, I ended up going to school in michigan and uh a little too cutthroat, I was kind of middle of the road and so I transferred out and I'm in business now, so what you, mm
that's okay.
yeah I am
that's nice. That's okay. You know what I ended up kind of similar when I graduated college I wasn't in business, my back had to do my business pre wax started my NBA stopped my M. B. A. Went back and finished it so I get you and
then there
three
different
for
mm. Yeah. Oh you know what I it's funny you mentioned you know the different schools and the sizes because like when I started my M. B. A. I went to michigan again and it's so big in uh and same thing with undergrad like it just was not a good fit for me and I ended up doing an executive program through michigan state and you're in a cohort of 80 and all the classes are locked up and um you know it was just such a good fit. I mean it was a I mean obviously it was really challenging but um you know it was really a great time, you get somewhat such good connections and grow with the group and with the team and um I think size is a big factor on when you go back to do your NBA
a lot of great,
just go
I thought you were gonna say having to do school, can you pay for it? But yeah, that part goes to,
God, this
I
don't
have a house. Yeah
and mhm.
Okay.
it is, but they do for the exact program, they also have a small campus near where I work in troy michigan. So we do, it is you have they start the program with what we call hell week. You have to go to Lansing for a week and you're basically sequestered in. Um They have an off site um kind of like convention area with a little attached hotel. So your western there for a week and you take five classes in that week. And it is. Uh huh. And that's when you first meet your group. So you go through the program with a group of
4 to 6 people. And so basically this week it's kind of like boot camp throw you in, overwhelming. You tear you down figure out if you can regroup as a team and work together. And um you do I mean you walk out of that week I mean you are bonded with your team and you know you've basically got a semester done in one week. Um And then you go back to Lansing one again one week for another year. So it's, it's not bad. You don't have to go to Lansing. Um And for us, I mean it was every other weekend, um saturday all day and then one friday a month or
friday night. So I mean it's not bad. I did it.
No, it wasn't. I mean the coursework, the course load was if you have a family is rough. So I ended up starting the program. Like I had mentioned I had started eight years before I got married and all that and with work I was working 80 hours a week, ended up dropping. I was um about 1/4 of the way through the um program. And then when I started with state I started because the market had crashed up here and you know that's when on motive everybody was going broke and I'm an automotive, so Hey great. Um Yeah and I couldn't, and so my company, I had just had my son, I have one boy and I went from working part time to again almost 80 hours a week. And I was saying, you know I was so distraught, you know, here I have this baby and I'm not getting home to get him to bed and all this other stuff. And when I went to look for other jobs, everybody's like you're at the top of where you're at and basically I had to go back to school to make, to be more marketable. And so I started um he he was a baby and so juggling him with a crazy work schedule and then the school, I mean it was, it was tough but I mean otherwise it's not if you don't have kids at home and it's just you or just you and a spouse, it's definitely doable. And especially just a river saturday. I mean really, especially up here, I mean I hate to say it, you know we have good weather from maybe March to october. I mean you're you don't care if you losing your Saturdays because there's nothing to do. Right?
exactly. Which is probably the one nice thing about quarantine since you bring that up is we're not bitching about the construction because nobody driving, we don't even notice.
buddy I had to take my son somewhere. Uh Oh he had a baseball game because we are starting again with baseball whether or not that's a good thing or not but go to this game and it was about 40 minutes away and the one of the major highways was repaved. I'm like oh I didn't realize they didn't. Okay.
He said hopefully I'll be nice by the time we all get back to work. Yeah.
Yes yes because we're here because oh my God there's some of them are so bad, it's just and it and it's funny because my son's dad is from Ohio which of course you know I get tons of grief or but so that's all I hear from him and my ex's family is, the roads are so bad here, look at how great they're in Ohio blah blah blah in some way yes I suck I don't know why we can't get it together but you have a really bad here. Mhm
Yes um and then I think striker is close by too, yep
okay
so
not
two
years
With the
election
years? Yeah.
Oh my gosh you can't get away with skin
huh.
Snowden.
Yeah. Well and that's the nice thing for you guys, my um I have a niece down in Richmond and so yeah she's always like I wish we get snow and then when they get to know like everything closes, I'm like that's the way to do it. It's
yes, yes, so it's been really sporadic up here and actually my my son loves the snow of course because he's a kid, they do they don't have a side of having to drive in it and everything but um he's been really complaining because yeah, I mean the last couple of years and it's really you know it's so unpredictable some years will get a ton and like the last couple years we've hardly gotten any, like all the ski places have had really horrible seasons and there's just it's unpredictable and it seems like with climate change and everything, it's the winters aren't as rough most of the time, which of course I love it, but it's a it's not good, I'm sure.
Mhm.
my
God, so yeah, you know snow
but
Oh my God, I can't imagine I used to, so you talk about traveling all the time, I had one job, Mhm. Working uh with a plant in Bennington Vermont and uh
I used to always have to fly into Albany and that one job, I mean I was there two weeks a month for
I just remember driving through all the snow and everything, I'm like oh my gosh, I'm never going to complain about michigan's growing more. Oh
Yeah,
that's so funny. Yeah, that's different, I mean if you're used to a lot of the snow, I can see where you miss it a bit.
Yeah. Yeah no that's not gonna happen so I'm assuming Yeah you're probably a big skier, weren't you?
Thank
you.
exact opposite my um which is funny because my son teases me, my father was the most paranoid parent ever, so
Gloria we weren't allowed to ski, we weren't allowed to go flooding, we weren't allowed to go ice skating because you know, somebody's gonna break something
and so I didn't really go skiing until he wanted to learn and I'm horrible, he's of course great. You know he's a kid, he has no fear and by the time I started I tried to learn with him, I had already had surgery on one of my ankles. And so of course in the back of my mind is like, wow, if I get really hurt, I'm gonna have to have surgery on a knee or I'm gonna break something. I mean I don't want to do that again. And so he's really good. I'm horrible. And exactly. Now I'm to the point, I'm like, either I'm just sitting there watching or it's like, okay, you go with dad, I'm not going, it's not fun. It freaks me out myself.
See I didn't
have that.
I
because he was going to
say I, I would freak myself out and like as soon as I would get too much speed where I could tell I wasn't controlling it, I would fall on purpose and actually I must have learned a graceful way to fall them because I don't remember feeling that, but I'm
lot, but usually on purpose because not a huge chicken and so that's why he teases me. He's like, oh my gosh, you were just such a worry wart. And I'm thinking, you know nothing. You should have been with my dad. I was like, it was up if this would have been how I was growing up. I said, you wouldn't even know what skiing is boy
I did.
I've been here my whole life.
I wanted to get out, you know, my first company I worked for with Demons and the group that I was working with, their headquarters was in Alpharetta Georgia and loved it down there, tried to transfer and then we bought a company whose headquarters was down in Arlington texas and I tried to move there. Like I've tried to get the heck out of michigan and it didn't happen. I mean part of the problem is again, I'm an automotive, so sometimes it's, it seems like you can't get out of michigan for the most part and I've got my son and the family's all here, so it's like, all right, I'm stuck until he goes to college.
Yeah, I mean it's a little,
it's gotten a little better I think like the last 10 years, you know, a little more developed like in Tennessee and north Carolina. But yeah, you're right. I mean a lot of them for such a long time are like and nowhere and the problem too is actually have a friend who is a sales director who wants to get back into plants, be closer to where he grew up in, they just don't pay. It's, I mean like you said going out of corporate, especially like in sales or business development, you're just not going to make the money, you were, so, so you're tethered to michigan unfortunately, but Oh.
But the same,
there's
nothing there and they do that on purpose, like actually um I've worked for a couple of japanese companies and they do that on purpose and I'm just thinking why the last japanese company I worked for was um also in Ohio and a small call town called New Sabina, and it's like 30 minutes between from Dayton in probably 40 minutes to Cincinnati and so you're kind of out in between with nothing there and so we would have all these hiring issues and staff issues and I was like, okay, well you're in the middle of nowhere and you can't get anybody to work in your plant. Okay, well this was a good choice to be in the middle of,
it's crazy and and then it was hard to because so basically the town was I mean everything was dependent on you. You were the big besides like um medical, like a small little local hospital, there's no other jobs. Well so then soon enough, you know, DHL's coming in, we'll all your people are going to leave to go work there because you know, compared to manufacturing it's an easier job so then you just create problems because you don't have a big enough work pool.
Yeah.
Hey
Do
not.
You
miles. What about just doing shuttles like Yeah a lot
of money to
move
but
miles. Yeah. It's crazy. It makes that big of a difference. Yeah.
but
big
Yeah. You know that was another thing, you know, looking back, I didn't go to a big city like really in a big city until almost 30. And I went remember being in I was in Manhattan for some stuff for work. And I remember like, oh my God, I'm like, I love this, just like, and at that point I was I was engaged and I'm like, oh to live in a big city, you know, in subways and not have to drive and everything like cultural, so close by and yeah, that's another one. I'd love to move south, but I would also love to live in a big city. I'm never really,
I did all my friends live there. Tell me, um
you have a girlfriend?
She said especially in the same thing, you know, like not having to drive because I do, I I hate driving and you know, there are days, it'll be like 2.5 hours in the car and I'm just like, oh my God, kill me. Yeah, so I'm like all of you so nice to have a subway in this and that. And she's like, yeah, no think about, you know when I'm there it was always you know offseason or you know, I didn't have like set hours, I wasn't in rush hours, she's like see what you're saying. She goes imagine that by 10, everybody crammed in, people touching you this and that. She's like you would be super happy to be in your car and not have anyone around you. She's like all these things you think are benefits she said uh you're growing up and you'll change your mind. Uh huh.
It's
Yeah, that's true. Yeah. You know that's that's the tough part when you're starting out, I mean you think it's gonna be so great and you see the the original paycheck and you think it's so much money and then when you get to paying rent and paying card and you're like no I really have no money I can't do it. I don't miss that at all.
My
pleasure. I did as well thank you.
Well
thank
you you as well take care. Bye.