How's it going?
Yeah. If you're the, I guess prolific chat, it's my second, I've done so in my fourth time trying to do it, but this is only the second time someone showed up.
Right. That's pretty good. Mhm. Kind of thing. So, You know, you wait for five minutes and then, you know, it feels like you're like, all right, I guess I'm done.
Mhm.
Yeah, thinks trying to coordinate with other people and stuff. Real pain. I've done a lot of studies.
Holy
shit.
How
long you've
been out there?
Yeah, I've been on since, I think just this summer, I think in june or july I started and um I think I'm at
to something. I'm sorry, that
yeah, I use that to on my desktop. It works, it works pretty well. You still get like you get the alerts and then you click on it and they'll say, you know, study full stuff like that.
It's a pain in the ass. What's your uh are these your highest pink studies you've done? Yeah.
It's not bad.
Yeah, you can do what like six of them or something 26 And you actually I think you do end up getting a little bit more money because you can do six, you know, as long as the person shows up. But if they don't show up you can keep collecting like the dollar whatever each time until people show up. You know, it's not bad. I use it to pay for my internet bills. Works out.
All
it works out fine. What what's the longest one you've done? Yeah.
Uh huh.
that's all
what
those are long term stuff.
No.
Oh, I think I'm taking that one actually. Yeah. Yeah. No I've done well mine was a three part study. Give me three sections I'm not sure how long yours is but yeah it's the same questions.
I get to know i is it the zip about covid and like work related stuff?
Yeah. Yeah personally with what I've been doing too
much that stuff. Right. Yeah.
Have you had to work from all of this stuff because of Covid?
Yeah I'm too, yeah.
that's fun. Yeah.
Yeah I'm the
same I've nothing much has changed as far as work for me. You're still going every day. Mhm.
I work in manufacturing and stuff for the military so that's never shutting down no matter what.
same old day I guess. Just extra precautions and all that stuff
I'm sure that can be annoying.
we need you.
Is this a big company,
Would you want them to hire another IT person?
Yeah. At the company I worked for probably. was that my plan? Probably like a 100 80 people or something and we have one hR person so it works out really well. Okay. Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm. I'm sure it
can be opinion. I don't know how she does. It will be like I would I would have walked out right now. It was the only HR person for 187 people.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not an easy job. You've got people coming in pissed off about, you know whatever all the time and doing it bad. I was like, nope, I can do that. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure it's
not easy.
Mhm. It's kind of a thankless job,
like no one's ever happy if you fix something because you know, it's a like well it shouldn't have happened in the first place or whatever, something like that. Mhm. Moon in your I. T. Job. Do you have a lot of like, you know, so I know a little bit more hardware person, it's like, you know, I can make my own build my own computers and stuff like that.
at least from like friends and family, you know, a lot of 90% of problems can be just, you know, redo your computer type stuff. So you get like a lot of like those annoying I. T. You know, things coming in were like, hey this isn't working and you're just like just turn it off and on again.
faster.
But
live with them, all of them and all that stuff. Yeah.
It's, I'm sure it's surprising how it's different if you grew up in the stuff, but there are so many people who are just not tech savvy like in any, any sort of way. Mhm
yeah, I have some co workers or, and what we do, we have two computers that have just like testing software on it And there's literally like three just icons on the window screen and one of them
is the
only one we use. The other two were like administration crap and there's only three icons on the screen and they somehow just, they
still have a couple like finding the correct I got it's like I'm going to separate it, I'm gonna put the way we use like out to the right side of the screen, just stay on that side of the screen. It's like, oh man, they're like, we've lost power to and like they don't know how to turn on the computer. I'm like, oh God,
it's a power button.
Look.
No.
Yeah.
It's uh
Do they make
they make what, They must still make Windows phones, but I don't know anyone who has one,
so.
I'm sure that certificate wasn't exactly super cheap healer, I'm assuming. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. Mhm. Mhm. Remember the first computer I ever built years ago and everything going, you know, it would boot up and stuff and uh well it would
sort of up and I struggled for hours. I couldn't get, you know, Windows slowed and all that stuff and it was beeping at me. What what? Two beeps? What does this mean? Stuff like that hours And I had two pieces of RAM and the RAM slots and they weren't full exceeded. Uh
I still get pissed thinking about it. That's all the issue was.
But
it was fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's the little things
let
you
learn along the way.
forgot the
but they're
all pace
there.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's all the little things. I had a friend one time too
that bill his first computer. He's like no, I'm good. I'm good when I was like all right. So he called me over a couple of days. You don't have any issues with it. He had the the
future. But somehow he had left
like the bottom of the plastic
film
or
plastic case on it when he had ceded the end, you know, of course issues that was causing jesus christ.
I know it was impressive I think. Wow, you did good. Yeah. Yeah, I've been built a that stop. I have, I've upgraded stuff like that video card and stuff like that, but like my motherboard super old stuff so eventually I gotta place all that stuff but just being lazy. Mhm
Yeah, that's what mine is about. Mm.
they make like I didn't realize I figure how many cores they have like 12 up to 12.
Myself. four. Excuse us try to look at, I've looked at hardware stuff in quite a while, I was looking at it. I was like holy crap, they have some stuff now.
Yeah. They have a lot of, I don't know how well they are now, but they have like integrated processors with the video card and stuff in them.
I mean, I'm sure it's not as great as, you know, a dedicated card, but I'm sure it's fine for whatever the uses are. Yeah.
that's cool. Do you have
like the whole flight sim
setup?
Not?
Oh yeah, I've seen some of the stuff, it's like part of
a plane like you got half a cockpit in there.
And
I'm sure none of that stuff looks cheap at all.
Yeah. Now is it the is it the Microsoft flights in that's kind of like the standard, I'm only flight some games that are, but that's what I see.
I need some patches,
it's
Yeah. Yeah, that's how games are now though. They release stuff and they're like oh well just patch it after.
can't patch
that. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, it's like how like yeah like with Sega and whatnot like obviously there was quality testing and they were fixing all the bugs, why can't they just do that now? I mean I'm sure it's cheaper just to make the game and then as needed patches but it's annoying.
Thanks.
Yeah you have all those those launch day patches or Game day
patches, these are big patches to it's not like they're small.
This
yeah, I downloaded what was in the download, it was the actual game, I didn't say this Because you play now but I have a PS four and I think it was Red Dead Redemption or something like that where the actual I put the game
on my hard drive, it was like 100 and 25 gigs, I was like jesus christ massive that
his
name.
The
patches
Mhm.
yeah And it's great and then they send out the systems with like 500 gigabyte hard drives and they're like there goes a quarter of it already later on all the apps on there in the operating system and stuff like that, jesus. Uh huh
nuts.
No.
Yes. Yeah it's uh it's so
crazy.
Uh huh And I know the New PlayStation five, we're having two versions, one has a you know physical uh dr on it, one doesn't and I have to assume along without the physical drive on it's going to fill up a lot quick, you have to download everything so that's gonna feel pretty quick. I don't know how big the assume it's got to be a terabyte at least found how big the hard drivers.
Yeah. I haven't
either.
Yeah. Yeah. It's bullshit.
Like making new games.
So
like not like Rockstar doesn't have the money making your game.
Yeah. That's annoying. Really?
Exactly. And now it's like buying the PS four version on the PS five, we'll
just
roll
over.
yeah. And
I saw some of the new games though for the PS five or $70.
It was a good yeah Because normally they're like what, 50, 60 something like that. But 70 I was like come on.
No I'm not either. I wait for sales now especially you know with work and everything, I don't have time so
as
well
it
was great
and
Yeah. And like you just said stuff goes on sale so much faster now than it did before, like six months to a year and it's like half price. It's just worth it. Yeah. It's just so much easier. Yeah.
Well see I thought about pre ordering it and all the pillars are sold out. So now I'm like I always
Yeah. No, it's that's the right thing to do. Especially if you're not going to play it right away. It's just going to sit there. It's like what what's the point? Yeah. You might as well just squished.
Yeah. Exactly. Okay. I'm glad you two now. Mhm. Well, I'll get it eventually. No way for the
price
to
go
down.
Well.
No, I'm not either. Mhm.
And that was younger I used I would have to be like waiting in line for the stupid thing.
Well
Yeah,
I remember,
I remember vividly waiting for either like Halo Halo 2 to come out in line. I forget which store.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. It's crazy. Some of the, some of the lines I was in,
it may have been when I used to play wow World of Warcraft, so the expansions or whatever, like out the door and down the parking lot and it's like, oh shit,
mm hmm. But now I was like, I'll get it tomorrow, I'll get it afterward.
You know. Mhm, mm hmm.
So we have to be at what, 25 minutes and I think we're at that. Okay,
look 26. Alright,
cool. Well thank you for coming on. It's nice to
actually talk
to someone and have to wait for the next time next week or whatever.
Yeah, it really is. When I first popped on your screen was great and I was like shit, there's no one there. Then you popped up. I was like, oh my God.
Oh yeah, that's that's annoying to just like, just you have the same schedule, just keep going with it. They don't blow right, man, That's nice talking to you.
Have a good one.