Hey.
Good.
No, I the first time I did this, my partner never showed up and um every other time have shown up, I've had some people talk a little bit late, but for the most part of also on uh on time.
Mhm. Yeah, then you go through and then you try and reschedule it and true. Um
sometimes they they give you another person, sometimes they don't. Yeah,
I think you've done like 1500 prolific,
something
like that uh
signed
up
2018 I think. Um Yeah, I'm just attracted standing there baseball or something like that.
With Yeah. What?
it's the prolific assistant on my laptop so it lets me know.
Yeah, I get the tools, they like someone space open and by the time the website loads, it's alright falls, that's just an issue. Yeah.
think, yeah, I think both prolific and mturk. I think they're the highest paying studies have done. I didn't want an end. Turkey was a like a prediction study where you like have to predict what might happen, like the price of oil or will there be like a plane crash? And well, if you consider like uh Terrorism or something and my bills paid like $16, right?
I think this is probably the highest lawns of Don and you just keep doing them because they pay for, they pay pretty good.
Yeah. That's come, it's kind of like do this, it pays the bills
and stuff. Mhm.
I think I did one that was an hour. Uh huh. Um
It was about, I got that those, it was one about like politicians and the stuff they say it's not true and you're trying to figure out if they say it's true or not and based on like it was a two part projects that was kind of um
And then I'm working on the pandemic one that was it was like uh used to be a week now. It's like every three weeks. It takes like an
hour.
Yeah. But it's
I keep asking the same questions every time I take it.
Yeah. Yeah. I kind of started like a may or april and it just keeps going just I used to do it like early when I first got it and now I just wait till like almost sunday night to take it because it's just it just drags I'm just like tired of of answering the same questions over and over and over. Yeah.
Yeah I did that one. two this one is like what you think and are are there like enough uh preventions being taken care of and stuff and how you're feeling? Which personality is it?
Yeah. You can't.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Uh They have to go to the office, we on the state shutdown were considered essential workers.
incident started working, I. T. I'm the only 80 person at this place, so I had to come in in case something went wrong. I've
had issues like the power goes out and I had to come in and fix it.
What?
Yeah.
It'll never shut down. There was going to order things. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. The place I work at this like manufacturing for like trains and stuff. Yeah. But I'm the only person it's like, which is
Yeah. Yeah. We got some some archaic programs are running that there's no support on, so if they break, it's
hard to get the support, right? Yeah.
Yeah. uh there's like 65 people here, that baby. Uh huh.
Mhm. No, I don't I don't think there's enough work for another I. T. Person. Um That would probably be uh difficult to have a non productive person.
Yeah,
we have one HR person here. Well suppose like accounting. Okay.
My
Yeah, it's kind of difficult, like I think I think he's worked a school district, I think they had one HR person. Yeah.
I'm taking some like eight ball, I think part of Michael curriculum, it took some classes like dealing with like people, but doing the HR stuff, I just kind of learned stuff I guess kind of like by working like uh some of the things that HR people should do
what?
No.
Yeah it kind of is and then. Yeah.
Yeah I've got my own too. Yeah.
I've had that happen like like the printer won't work and well usually it's their computers needs to be restarted because like the prince burglar has failed or something like that. So I tell them to reboot it and then it works but they don't want to reboot their computer because they claim it takes too long. Even though I gave them an SSD drive that makes the buddha process so much faster
thing. But sometimes I let the printer has gone back so like other cables. There's something wrong with our cable there on excited to fix that mm Or like the internet goes down. Um Because we have Comcast and so I have to tell them okay you gotta go
in just unplug it and plug it back in the modem, and then it's working okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
I got a text from someone last night, I one of my coworkers, her daughter, uh I hope they set up a laptop and her uh wifi wasn't working so I was protecting her. I was surprised how knowledgeable she was. I was able to explain stuff like okay his first time he was an airplane mode and click that and she clicked it. But I thought I was going to like call her and explain everything like like step by step. And I just kind of um I thought of something like let's just delete the driver and let reinstall my shoulder like screenshots and she was able to do it and get it working, but like people worked like if they hit something I'd have to uh there's no way I could uh explain it to him without actually being here.
What?
What?
Something.
I
had uh the HR person school district or the power went out and where we were all the servers were was a different office. Then they're all connected. But there was in a different
office. And then we went we had to go over there and tell the powers because the fed took out the phone system to and then she's like, well just fix it. I go we can't we have no power. That's why you can't check your email because our servers are offline. She's like, well fixed. And like we the battery backups are dead because you didn't want to spend money and getting bigger battery backups.
We have I don't even know why are so many servers there. but yeah.
All right.
I had a superintendent that was just like break things in his computer. I don't know how he also bought a Windows phone. That was a nightmare. This
is like
This was like years ago. He wanted to set it up on our server, but we didn't have the there was a certificate you had to buy uh
tells it that it's verified or something. And the Windows phone wouldn't connect to our server because you didn't have a certificate no matter what we tried. Well, I try to get one work so we had to buy a certificate so that his phone could work, but no one else had issues except him. It was madly couldn't track. It's in my arms from
What?
No.
Yeah, I remember I built a computer once and it was really slow and it turns out the power supply was using was underpowered for the computer, even though my friend that helped me build it said, oh yeah, the one you were
using, your old computer should be fine once I got the new power supply, it started working a lot faster.
And
then
I had
helped another front build a computer once and we were checking the temperatures and they were just, it was idling, there was like 90 degree or 85
we
put
the heat,
No, we put it on, but because the way the motherboard was set up, the fan wasn't fully seated or something, you know what? Even though we had locked it was it was the intel stock, your we physically heard that the open Hobbes Locke in the place. So we took it off, I took off the think and it was it was the processors pristine, like nothing was at it. It's a way to go to micro center to go buy a new heat sink. That would have been because I couldn't figure out why this heat sink wasn't working.
Yeah, it's over.
Don't
What?
We'll be
fine.
All
I don't even know how you could do that.
Mike appears uh six years old.
I'm probably gonna build a new computer, probably go with empty over intel. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah, something like that. Yeah.
I was just looking at different uh I was kind of looking, I haven't started like considering about just like look at the new process if that came out. And uh and I'm like I think I M. D. S got better budget or their their new processors are more cost effective than in town.
Yeah I saw that. Mhm.
play a lot of like flight sam so I kind of need the extra video car.
What?
No
I just
I just had like a joystick uh you know not even the yolk joystick with throttle and I could I could go crazy with everything but
don't
I've seen people that have that and I just I don't play that much that's really worth it to me to to buy it but like one of my friends um I hope to build a computer and he actually wants to get the he
wants to get the yolk and throttle on the rudder pedals which which is expensive and then he doesn't want to buy time. Well then you're probably going to buy the add on planes and they're they're they're here. They're probably just expensive. Spy McGill can throttle.
Yeah, I used to so I got bunched, I used to run the old version of like soon. Um I thought, yeah, lots of data over time. I need to buy them all at once. I can only from go and sell with my bottom.
Yeah, the new one just came out two months ago. I bought that. Mhm. It's a good um it's got some good things and bad things like I still think it's, they released a Microsoft for something released early. Like it probably should have been released now rather than back in august.
Yeah, like there's still, they released like four or 5 patches already because there are some issues like
planes, the auto pounds don't work in the plains um seen really. Isn't that good?
Yeah. Yeah. I can remember buying video games on the Sega genesis and there were no Was
released.
their 1st PlayStation the way it releases, the way it replaced, there's no patches. And then I think when I got my PlayStation two I remember they started introduced like patches. I bought a baseball game and it would lock up after the third inning and
they had released a patch to make it work.
Yeah. Mhm. Well now they can actually I guess working at even later because like everything's on the internet and after downloading dates usually the day it's released. Um But like like those Xbox games are usually
for the disk you gotta manufacture a month before the release date.
Just.
Yeah like the third blast the last flight. Some patches like two gigs. But the one before it was like a 15.5 game patch Plus
the original game was like 90 gigs.
No.
guy
bought
it like
MLB
The show, it was like 90 gigs just to yeah,
just totally just implant
Yeah.
Uh huh. Or then they were like released disk and then you've got a donald or stuff like that, can't feel little stuff around the disk and then you have to go and you
can you have to go donald more stuff like uh like my nephews have a Nintendo switch and then they get the game but then you have to go down on more stuff. You can learn a memory car because they couldn't fit in on the
I
mean.
Yeah. I don't I haven't really looked into at the specs. Uh
I
think I will watch I know that they're releasing like grand theft auto five, like the uh fifth or sixth time,
which
is yeah, they haven't released a new version, but they keep releasing the other version and they keep improving the graphics slightly because I think
I'll
Yeah, there's gonna keep policing the old game with better graphics. Wait
for the PC version goes like I wasn't going to keep buying, Took the PS three version of the PS four, Kids 5.
just
like
you
yeah, there's probably no upgrade so you're probably gonna have to pay full price just uh
two.
Good.
Yeah, I'm not gonna spend that much on the game.
it's like
with the
flight
crew,
the flight some stuff, I would wait for it to go and say, I don't usually didn't paint
things full price even though I want to buy the at and I just decided easier to wait like a month or tour, maybe six months because it will be half the price. Oh.
that is
I'm not kind of like pre or anything like I think I waited for the PS 4 to go on sale when I bought it. It was a black Friday sale on Amazon and other persons get and save some money.
Everybody.
I
would
love
this.
I'm
in no rush right now.
Uh huh
I think I did that for the xbox our xbox 360 like the best by um
I knew that one of the stores near where I was going to be working at had like 25 so I stood in line and I brought it home with me. Yeah.
I didn't
realize.
They think I did that for Grand Theft Auto four. I didn't go to like a midnight launch. I'm going like Gamestop like the next day and there's, there still is a long line to um
by the game or pick up the game.
The
Yeah.
Yeah. That's how I am not in a rush to go.
Yeah.
Right.
No.
It's
walking.
Yeah. That's, that's always a pain with this.
Yeah. That's, that's, I think I'm like, great. I'm going to wait again. Read. We put in my information again.
Yeah. Like talking to you.
You too.