hi, how are you?
I'm
doing
well,
I am blake
I've done this one other time. Yeah.
Nice. Yeah. I think the person I was talking
to us from colorado. Yeah. Yeah.
Um we actually just moved to Austin texas. Yeah,
from meridian Idaho. So a pretty big move. Yeah.
Yeah, compared to Austin, it was really small, but we were right by Boise, so it was pretty big. But yeah, now we're really living it up in the big city.
No, we're work from me here. Yeah, I'm a software developer, so. Yeah.
Thank
you.
cool.
Well, yeah, one
thing that's nice about working with computers is even during the lockdown, still able to do all of our work. Right.
Yeah. So I actually got laid off because of the covid layoffs of my last job and I just spammed out my resume and sure enough I landed a job down here. That's even better than my last job. So I was
okay with it.
you
are?
That was the last place
we were living. I'm originally from Utah in a small town
called santa Quinn. It's about an hour south of Salt Lake. So yeah. Um
Yeah, I am. I lived in the last my whole life except for now and I'm in texas.
I don't know. I thought it was just south. I don't know.
That's fair then. Yeah. I'm west guy, definitely getting used to the humidity though. Holy cow. I was not prepared for that.
Um I don't know what it is. It's 96°..
I don't know what the humidity is, so I'd have to look that out. It's usually
pretty
hot.
One
I.
No, I don't think so. Uh Yeah,
I
Yeah. I know. That's what my I was talking to my cousin. He's comes out here and does uh
cells, pest control and stuff. And so
he
told me he was telling me all the places you have to go and eat. And he's like, I'm so jealous like that happening down there, like everything's down there, I'm like, okay, cool. So yeah, we're excited.
You guys
have,
Oh my gosh, yes. I was like,
oh, I'm in, I'm in technology, like my job secure like no big deal. And then they call me into a meeting and they're like, sorry, we've got to lay people off and you're one of the new guys, so you're out of here like, oh my gosh, okay, I've got a wife
and four kids, so I'm like, oh shit, like we have to have money. So yeah, it
was a blessing.
wife moved a lot when she was younger because
her dad had jobs all over the country and so she was like uh sounds good, let's do it. So
uh my son, my oldest is six, he'll be turning seven next month and then my daughter's five. My next son is too, he'll be turning three next month and then my we have a newborn, he's five months old.
we do
just
the oldest was. And so
that
trying
to
do a school
while I'm at home working and my wife she works part time, she's an interior designer,
I mean just part time,
but
yeah, so she's like trying to get stuff done, I'm trying to get stuff done and do school and all at the same time. It was madness. Yeah.
Yeah. I think I don't know about all of texas, but I know Austin is very, they're very strict with masks and everything and I'm not used to that because in meridian up in Idaho, there's no people, so nobody cares if you have a mask on or not. Like I don't, I think I
want to ask like three times the whole time I was in Idaho and then we moved down here in every single place is like you have to have a mask, you have to have a mask and so I've had to get used to that.
Oh yeah, for real.
It
He does. Oh my gosh. Mhm. Yeah,
I'm sick
of
it.
Yeah, it's called Favorite Tech consulting their out of Virginia, but I guess they have a few different hubs and one of them is here in Austin. So Um yeah, a lot
better than the company I was working for, the last company I was working for. Like, I think they had 170 employees and this one is like national size so it's way different.
Mhm.
huh. It is kind of nice because I mean like today I just had a couple of tasks I had to get done and I got them done really quick and I'm like, hey, is there anything else you need to do? And he's like, no, just make sure you're available for, you know, all the time that you're supposed to be on for your eight hours. And I'm like, okay, so I just sat
there and
played games and hung out
like,
Yeah, that's good.
pretty much yeah, prolific is nice to have just sitting there on the screen just in case, you know, something
comes up like, oh, I can do that real quick.
I have a
What do
I
What?
user testing dot com. Okay. I'm gonna write that down real quick because that's
always
good.
Be better
to make
$10.
heck yeah. That's sweet. It's hard to find
surveys
like that.
dang. That's sweet.
All
user testing dot com. Okay. I just drop that down and check that out.
So,
So you just go in and test websites.
websites, applications, stuff like that. Cool
dang.
Yeah, I have to check that out. Mm
because
Well,
that's
kind
of hard.
for real. I mean, I tell people about prolific all the time too and they're like, well, no, like it takes so long and you only make like, like a dollar. Like, and you know, you have to do all these surveys. And I'm like, yeah, but what are you, what are you doing on your phone anyways? Like what are you doing on your computer anyways? Like all you have to do is have it sitting there and then when one pops up, you just do it real quick and then you move on. Like I can make close to, I think I'm a close like $50 a month. Like just just because it's on
all
the time and I just pop in and do some. And they're like, how do you have so much like play money? Because that's what me and my wife used for playing money.
Like this is our money that this is for me. I got to do whatever I want with it. And so
they're like, how do you have all this money and just go play around with? And I'm like, well, I do surveys like it's not that hard,
so. Mhm.
That's rough.
All
Tang.
that's sweet. Okay.
yep. That's
what
I
do with people.
real awesome. We'll check that out. Nice.
no, I'm not much of a sports guy.
College football other than that. Not really. I think they have like a minor league baseball team or something, but
not much else. I'm excited to go to uh a cowboys game down here. Dallas isn't too far away. It's about a couple hour drive, so I'm gonna have to get a ticket to go see it again. So I've never been to a professional football game, so.
Who?
I
bet it is.
That's funny.
taking
care of the kids is a big part of it. Um, I'm really into Magic the gathering. That's
Oh yeah, Magic is the best. That's for
No,
I'm 29.
for
dang,
I wish I was because some of the cards from the very beginning or were tons of money. Uh
interesting. I have to check that out.
Oh yeah, for sure.
I used to play at the local store until Covid hit um, that in a lot of the guys that I worked with also played, so we talked about it at work all the time, played during lunch and then we'd all go to the card shop on friday nights and play. But yeah, now it's just all online and I'm glad they came out with the online version because if not then I don't think I don't know if anybody even be playing anymore so it's just like at home with your friends like Yeah.
Yeah for real you really should.
Yeah there's a few people who are I mean it depends on the kind of format he likes to play because if he doesn't like to play standard then there's really no point in playing the online version because it's all it's just standard really. I mean they have a few other events that are like go back like a year or two but if he's like I want to use cards from the very beginning of the said then there's no way like
yeah he probably likes like Commander and
that
was kind.
No
that'd
be cool if you could
rural.
carol.
That's what we need
to do
think
they
have something for like that with magic but I think it's I don't know I don't know. I've never done it. I know my my friends have said you know they used to do that back before they had arena but
no just poison
arena.
no not anymore. Not enough that they have their own so.
shut
down.
Uh No. Uh Let me think. Did that happen? The furthest I've ever gone is just like two cities over to go to a little bit bigger one but never like las Vegas or anything like that.
Deng.
Yeah.
Oh hi Grady.
Yeah he's
like why are you talking to your computer? It is
That's funny. He's
just worried about you. He's like you're not supposed to be talking to things that aren't alive, like that's weird. Okay.
Well,
I think
I saw like a 10 1
going by.
kick
you. We don't have any pads. No. Both
my son and I are allergic to like dandruff and stuff and dogs and stuff. So we don't have any animals with fur and my wife doesn't like any animals without for so, so we might not ever have any pets, but
For real.
No, not at all. Uh huh.
It's my programme and it's called paga and
it's a platform built on java. So it's very java like derivative. So everything that we do is Yeah, pretty much a lot like java.
I
actually started with javascript and python. I mean, I've dabbled in like html and CSS and all that stuff, but lost the javascript and python farm. And we do a little bit of javascript, but it's pretty rare to use javascript for what we do. So I've only had to do it once in the two years that I've been working in paga. So
So it's yeah, I don't even know how to describe what it is. Like pages, it's almost dragon drop code.
That makes sense. So like everything is the whole platform is built out for you. So you can just go in and um build out, it's mostly for like billing um, clients and things like that. So they have all these processes already set up for you. You just go in and say, okay, this person needs to reach out to this person and then that has to get approved by this person. So it will get sent to them automatically. They get an email, they click on this and take them to the site, they approve it and then it can get sent to this person and so they already have that all planned out, you just have to go in like kind of direct things. Um It gets complicated when it turns into like CSS stuff, like their CSS is miserable, so playing with that is a pain. I do write quite a bit of custom CSS because it's there's this garbage,
but
it's
all
web based. Yeah, but it's yeah,
I
don't know.
pretty much. Yeah, I'm
like,
it is
real. Uh
Yeah, the pig is interesting. Um You can look, I'd look it up, I
don't really
know how to describe it, but because
hey guys paga has some parts of it that are like really awesome, you're like, oh wow, I don't have to cut out this box that I want to put it here. I can just put that box there. But then there's other things where it's like I want this to move three pixels to the left and it causes you three days worth of work because you want to move in. Three picks is a little after. Like this is dumb. Like why is this so hard? So
Uh That's always funny to when the clients like this is what we want like and you're like, well, are you sure that's what you want? Because you do know that the, I don't think that's what you want.
Well
Hey,
it
was
right. It was nice to meet you.
I'm going to
also. Well,
yeah, you too. Yeah. For real. You too.