Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. It's yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh. Mhm. That's right. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Oh two. Okay. And okay. Hello?
Good. How are
you?
We
I'm Jessica
I blink. Um Welcome to the chat. Yeah. Have you ever done this before?
Me too. Yeah, I did it a few weeks ago with someone in philadelphia.
What
Where do you live?
we're from
I assume that your place in Idaho, it was a small town compared to ask.
Are you going to school in Austin or teaching there?
I'm I'm a web developer. Yeah. So it's not quite as this high level as a software developer. But I do I
do
have to use uh code and all that stuff, not just, you know I'm in uh Macedonia Ohio. Which is right between Cleveland and Akron In the Northeast. Uh huh.
I've always lived here. Yeah. Yeah.
The old.
absolutely. Yeah. My work life has not changed one bit since then. So did you move during the Luxor teaching your job during this,
Hey,
that's great. Did you say you were
from
Idaho or is that just the last place you look
well?
Well,
you are a western guy?
That I considered the west.
I guess, I mean to me it's it's west of the Mississippi. So to me, the west.
what's the temperature and humidity today?
No,
in
fact,
Yeah. Gross. Yeah. I'm not, I'm
not a fan of the heat whatsoever.
I mean, it's 96 here today. We're in the north. Um, it gets pretty humid up here too, but nothing like texas, I don't think.
That's going to be exciting living in Austin. I mean,
that's weird that
quick
and
so
that's really neat that you got
to,
that you've got a better job and when you were talking pretty freaked out when you got laid off
Well
so
say
your family just was willing to up and move to a different whole different place? Uh
As
I mean how old are your kids?
Well you guys got your hands full
So it must have been crazy when the, so were the two oldest in school for the 20
year?
so you
had to have all four at home, I've been trying to learn and
then
you're
at all.
She still works with four kids
but
still,
what's the situation in texas with lockdowns and stuff? Are they one of the states that numbers are going up?
Secret.
And that must be rough in the heat too.
I just tend to stay home, you know, pretty much grocery shopping
is about as as exciting as I get. I've gone to a couple of restaurants and it's been okay because they're pretty uh pretty empty when I went to him, but I'm not trying to go to bars or go too busy restaurants, it's just easier to stay home. I think that's one of the beauties of the mask, is that it reminds you to like, oh going out sucks to stay home because I have to wear the mess like oh it sucks to be wearing this thing.
so
is the
company
you're working for a pretty big?
Look,
Mhm. That'll be fun. I think I have I have my own company And we've been doing it for like 20 years and there's just two of us, my business partners in Georgia and um I
think it would be nice to be a cog in a very big, vicious, just a little cause you know, to be able to hide like that, it's kind of rough when there's just the two of you and you know, you know what the money comes in is what goes to you and all that stuff, so sometimes it's awesome but it would be nice to be This one in a couple of 1000 some.
that's
hard,
that's,
I mean that's how my schedule works because you know we're just a small company but that's awesome that you're, you just have to be available eight hours a day and get some little task. That's great.
I'm glad to know that that's how it works in the real world and me messing around all day and doing stuff like prolific and I do use your testing to that's that's what everyone else is doing to.
Eric
exactly. Have you ever done user testing dot com?
That one's really nice because it's $10 or best. So Yeah and the tests are between like five
and
10 minutes, someone longer. But uh
yeah, it's really nice to make that money a lot quicker with you.
do
it.
If you have all this free time that you're messing around playing games in the stock then that's that's
how
I get
it. Yeah, I mean $10 for 10 minutes. That's awesome.
The
what?
Yeah exactly. Like I've done um what's the big one? Swag bucks, you know? And that's kind of like prolific. It sounds nice as prolific because it's not guaranteed but swag bucks is just pennies at the time. So if you can get $10 you can get $10 test. It's awesome. I've made you know like $1,000 in a year from that was just in my spare time at work.
Yeah. Your wife could be doing it too. She's well not if you have four kids and a
newborn, I don't know about that. I don't know how much free time you guys actually have, but if you're working full time and chilling in between tasks, you're not.
So
when you go to it, you'll end up at the the page that I asked you to like to be the company that that requires the user test. So you might have to google like user testing, sign up to be a tester because that's not the front page, you know what I mean? Sign up to be a company that has people test your site and that's what the front page of either testing that calm will be. But yeah,
it's not always just websites for a lot of it is websites. Yeah.
There's mobile tests and sometimes there's live tests and yeah, that's great. It's a
great moneymaker.
Good.
I always tell people about it. I have friends that sit around and do nothing and I don't feel like doing it. I'm like, oh my God, it's the easiest money ever. Yeah,
If
you
get
six tests in an hour You make $60 an hour. You know, why would, why would you not want to do that?
Thank
you
there.
Well
no
and prolific is nice because if you click on a survey you, you can do that survey. So like something like swag bucks is you have to do a survey to get into the survey and that and then you end up just getting pennies. Like you're a prolific, prolific is awesome because you just click on it and you're like the clock is ticking, you're getting paid just to just a click through it. But user testing, you do have to Take a survey to get into the survey. So like today I went through probably like 30 different screeners to see it and I didn't get any surveys to take. But
but when you do it's,
you know, so yeah, if you're using that for your fund money and if you and your wife get on user testing and you guys your fund money is going to go through the roof because I mean I didn't even, I did user testing maybe three days last month and made 70 bucks.
Just 3/3, not three whole days. Like just remembered a lot of that. Cool.
And that's before I just keep it all in my Paypal account. And
like
if
there's
like an album or something, I want like this on band camp, it just comes off right out of papal. Anything charity I want to give to any weird products that come out on facebook dad's. I'm like, sure I need that. Yeah, totally. That's
Um, so do you follow any sports? Mm
Well there's not much sports going on in Idaho. Well, I guess, you know, college football?
I'm sure there's a lot of minor league baseball teams in Idaho. Yeah.
Yeah. I've only been the one a browns game and it's very, it's very, very, very cold at the Brown Stadium
because it's
literally
like, and I think like february, it was super cold. So that's pretty much all I remember from the browns game and it was cold and people were throwing batteries at the other team's fans because that's, that's how classy they are in Cleveland. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Uh So what else do you do for hobbies, kids, just all kids
all the time.
my boyfriend is a big magic guy.
Have you been into it since the first series since? How
old are you?
Okay, so you're super young. I'm 40. I'm 40. So it came out when we were like the audience for it. Yeah.
So a lot of my friends into it from the beginning that's
called
You know, he, he follows that. There's a guy on Youtube, I think his name is Rudy and he basically just uh talk like his whole show is about how to be an investor with just magic cards. Yeah. He's a mad card investor. So
I forget what his last standard his name is. If you just look at Rudy Rudy magic cards, you'll find them.
So do you, do you play online? You play at the local store or what?
you shouldn't even be doing that playing with your friends.
Yeah. I don't think my boyfriend played in a while because all his magic friends moves and he doesn't like the online for some reason. And I, I actually asked him about that a few weeks ago, I was like, hey, you guys playing magic online. He's like, no, it sucks because this, this and this. But you know, one of those old school players of everything is bullshit. Uh huh.
I think it's something like that.
Well, he doesn't like having
to pay
to play and then you don't have those cards like. Yeah and I was like oh can't you just like physically like load your cards into online or something like
that. He's like
is
I'm surprised you and your your coding friends haven't built your own arena or
way to play. It's better that you can use your
own cards. Somebody
built
the cards against humanity interface. Yes it's like a website you can go to and yeah you can meet like in a zoom meeting with a bunch of different people and and play cards against humanity. I don't
know if
it's.
Yeah I'm
of the
coast is not letting anybody do anything like that you know?
right there like Disney with their their I. P. Management there. Yeah.
Do you ever
travel to tournaments or anything?
Right that's what my boyfriend did he go like As far as columbus? Ohio and that's
about it. Uh huh.
Well I think there's a pretty big one in columbus. I don't know I don't really know anything about I just know that this is my dog. Grady
look he doesn't like this talking video chat stuff. It really freaked him out.
No.
doesn't like when I talked to my Echo and he doesn't like when I talk to the computer he doesn't even like when I talk on the phone half the time. So. Yeah
I.
Uh huh. Okay I've got
I've got two dogs. My other dog is she's much more chill she doesn't care. She's
just
Like
1. Yeah that's Morgan. That's sister.
Do you have any pets?
That's good.
well you have enough kids you know I'm
you're not bored.
mm. What kind of program? What language do you programming?
Never?
all right. Is that what you came up with them? You you started with java and then learn
vega.
javascript for? Um like non web programming? Oh
well
So
is it web basement? Is
what
you
But you have to use
CSS
to hack everything to make it work and look? Right
That
sounds annoying and I'm glad
you're getting paid a lot of money to do it because
that sounds like oh yeah we can just have the I. T. Guy do it. So I'm really happy to hear that your your professional we're gonna pay you professional reagents to do this. Uh huh.
I
will.
And
Yeah that is pretty much every web package I've ever worked with. Yeah it's mostly all the tools are there and you can make, it just looks boring and bog standard, but anything actually you need to do, it's tons of work to deconstruct it. So that's what we've always specialized in um, you know, custom CMS and stuff because we knew it, people would pick out CMS is because we want to do this, but we're like, well it doesn't fit your company. It doesn't work, right? So it's going to take us longer to be constructed or hack it up. So it's always balancing for customers to to get what they actually need and what they think they want to buy it.
Our main customer just up and switch to a system called next week one day. And that sweet is a huge back end and it does like it runs your whole company and it does your payroll and it does your invoicing and it's like quickbooks but like, like big scale, right? And they just often like change and we have built on this whole custom website and they up and did that because some new guy came into the company and was like posturing we guess so. So then they worked with next week for a while and finally came back to us and they were like, we need you to help us around this next week and get it connected to the web and do all this stuff and we're like, okay, great. So we're actually doing really well because we are helping them get out of this hole that they dog with that sweet. So works for me. I think there's a tick on my dog. So it looks
like our time is up. So that is good.
And then I
have
to pull it take off my,
it's good to meet you, too. I hope you get some user testing and get those big bucks and
your wife can just be the talk of boston with all your extra money.
We'll take care.
All right. Bye. Bye.