and I see her. All right. So when I'm done
you hear me? How's it going?
I'm good. Uh Are you from?
Um
um I'm in texas right now.
Uh Yeah, it's pretty hot. I mean, I grew up in Miami so kind
of
it's like a dry heat here compared to like more humid. Mm hmm. What about
over
there?
Yeah, it's pretty similar to here,
man.
All right. And how is all that? How are you liking it?
And um go ahead.
Um what uh what brought you over there, specific college or?
Nice. What are you studying?
I'm not really sure what that is. I mean, I think
I have an idea, but.
Okay. That's cool.
No.
All right.
Um I'm not in school. Um I I'm Colombia and I grew up with uh I came here when I was three to the U. S. Um and most of my, most of my family or business owners so I kind of took like the informal do it yourself route.
Yeah I was gonna major in business administration but then I was like I mean if my family already has a business I think that real world experiences more practical practical even though um you could always use a a diploma or what do you call it? I don't know, you can always you call
it
it's
little
it's
a little like
yeah I agree. But uh I don't know I mean I have like two sides on it because I know people that um they went to to school for business and they got good jobs. Um uh
Mostly
Mostly not not their own businesses but they do get positions um or there They're relevant but then I know people who started very successful businesses within four years um while
going to school.
All right.
That's cool. Oh, thankfully you you're don't know, going to school and you'd like to study. I mean a lot of people like see like high school is like the cut off, they're like, oh I've already been here 12 years, I'm going to pay for more, I don't know what I'm going to get out of it.
No, I agree because I think there's a lot of people that go to school and kind of like don't take it serious thinking that their degrees is going to speak for them, but then they realize that there's 100 people with the same degree applying and that the person who owns that business they're trying to work for is probably going to test those people and you know, weed out the people in the bottom and pick the people
in the
top.
Uh Houston is pretty bad right now so um I'm trying to stay away from everyone and everything. Um I'm doing all right. I mean I'm just trying to be careful I think. Um I don't know what else I'm a little concerned for my family and in Miami I have. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean in Miami where I grew up um it's I don't know if you've ever been there but well at least in my neighborhood it's predominantly hispanic. People actually american people are like a minority. Um And a lot of them have this like like I don't know they almost don't believe in the coronavirus and or even if they like like do they just don't take it serious and like a lot of it is like miseducated Hispanics and I mean I'm hispanic and my family's hispanic but um yeah people from this country are more like Based. Even not educated just I don't know, they take it more serious because over there there's people like they're like 70, they're like I don't care man, you're not gonna tell me to put on a mask and it's like well look at the numbers.
Yeah. I think that's one of the things that's concerned me and bothered me the most is the tension between people at a time where we need to. Like I mean like I mean we need each other in multiple ways. Like a lot of people are lonely. People get bored people.
I don't know.
Yeah. I don't know. Mhm. I feel like A lot of people are so outspoken about their beliefs, but if you say something they disagree, it's like zero well and then it's like at that point there's no point in like stepping in it whether you're right or wrong or have evidence because you're just like go around picking fights from
Yeah. But I mean I'm thankful I'm here and um not in my home country, I'm Colombian and um people who literally cannot go outside for the next three months, you'll get arrested and like there's no like stimulus check, there's no government a there's like you starve or you're starving and you went out to get some food, you're going to jail and now you're gonna starve and die and it's third world countries, so
Yeah. They can't even fund
testing or anything.
pretty much.
Yeah, it's, I don't know, I had a pretty rough beginning of the year and then all this happened and I was like, man, things change so quick. Like I was having a rough time, like january february and this happens and I look back on that, like wishing I could go back and it's like things more quick. You never know anything like you ought to be thankful
and just take it one day and breath at a time.
I, I think so. I think that that's kind of like evolution, you know, as long as we survive and um we get past it, we we're kind of forced to adapt if we want to survive because now we know that, I mean it's serious and it's a thing, I don't know, I think people um going like really comfortable that past couple of decades and then something like this drops and it's like
things can change very fast no matter how much money you have.
Yeah,
unfortunately.
I don't know, I mean, you tell me I'm pretty open minded, I like to listen and whatever I listen, I can, I can kind of speak about so like you can,
I don't know, tell me what you
like, I don't know, tell me anything
good.
Ah yeah, like a handful of times. What about you?
Yeah, I don't mind, I mean it's pretty quick. Uh pay isn't bad.
that's cool.
it's convenient.
The
sorry, the europe is a little more favorable in the conversion to usd. I mean, as long as the economy doesn't change
too much,
but yeah,
it's
like 15, It varies, but yeah, it's a little more.
Do I?
Yeah, of course. Um I went to Israel March, yeah,
and then um I had, I came here and then I had a trip to Europe the 22nd but coronavirus surprise so yeah
I was
going
who almost got stuck over there so so once
they canceled
me I was like better than you
know.
Yeah me too. But uh I mean you could always save your money have twice
as nice as a trip or just go on like a couple of places to europe you know?
And
like
the.
No it's true. We kind of look like like I don't know like I don't know we were like I mean the U. S. Is considered like a first world country like like on top of the world but and now it's like it's a little backwards and like every data point is proving otherwise and we're just here like scratching our heads and nobody knows what to say, nobody knows like.
Yeah, it is.
Are you are you speaking in relation to the pandemic and coronavirus or just in general?
Yeah, I mean uh my my parents immigrated to this country and I came here when I was three. Um it's pretty difficult honestly, it's definitely the land of opportunity, but you got to pay for that opportunity.
No.
Yeah. It is.
Yeah, I agree.
think
that we could use a little like more like young people because not even trying to be like biased towards my generation, but the world is so progressive like technology for example, and we have like a bunch of like old very conservative people in the senate in office. And it's like, I mean it's not really like matching up two well, like, yeah.
we'll see.
But um hey, where'd you go in, europe?
That's
The
transportation arrangement doesn't sound that bad, especially like Being younger and being able to do that because I don't know, I usually travel with older people and it's like you got to have a nice bed, you need 10 hours
of sleep and I'm just like full
battery, like I could skip three days asleep. Like we're in Israel, like what are we doing?
Yeah.
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah, same. My father's like that, but I mean he's a business owner with a couple of locations. So when he like, I don't know, he's really overworked. So like when we go on vacation, like
he's just looking for like stay in the room and like just get a nice bed and like, I'm just like thinking about like all the like amenities and like the pool and everything around, and he's like, I'm not even like here mentally, I'm just not at work, you know? So like.
Um I grew up an only child, but um my dad remarried five years ago and I have a little stepbrother or a half brother. I don't even know which one I would get confused because I'm an only child. But um yeah,
so it's pretty new to me,
my siblings, me and my little brother. Yeah, he loves me. He's like crazy for me. I don't know why, but yeah.
That's
good. Uh huh.
All
From
No, I feel the same and I'm like, um I don't know. I'm pretty I not prioritized, but I place a lot of importance in in my family that I have here because we we left um we came here from Colombia and all their families been over there and we've only been able to go there like a handful of times. So like I'm
super close to my family and doesn't mean I don't get tired of him though like you
said.
Most
yeah. Most of the people I know here in Houston at least Southern people, I don't know why they have big big families. Like I'll go to like I had two ex girlfriends, I would go like Thanksgiving with them. There's like a table like 50 people. I'm like, I can't even name 20 people in my family and you all know each other. Like you grew up in the same room.
I don't know. Maybe. Maybe you're
Hey, tell me about it. I want some something
to say.
Yeah. All right. I
see.
I
guess so.
Yeah. That's nice
over
there.
it's too big. I don't I still can't comprehend the size of it, honestly.
Yeah. I grew up in Miami like 20 minutes east, you're at the beach now, it's like you go from one side of texas to the other half a day. It's like you're halfway there. It's like this even
like.
Uh Or you could take the bus. There is an extremely good not to bust the the metro rail system. I don't know what it's called. You know what it's called? It's
like a
Yeah, I think it's it's a bullet train. I don't know.
Yeah, because my mom went over there with her sister for two weeks and she went to like Turkey and Greece and and all these places and I'm like and they didn't spend nothing for transportation.
Yeah.
From where from where you are?
I went uh from new york, I don't know where in new york I think I drove from Manhattan to Canada past upstate new york like Syracuse area and then got to Canada and then my stepsister forgot her visa and we had to turn around. Yeah
we got to see Niagara Falls though.
I'm
still mad at her. Just like 15.
I don't care I'm mad.
It seems cool.
agree.
I have a book somewhere I think it's like 501 Places in the in the US. or in the world or something. I don't know. It's just like landmarks and stuff. And a lot of them are in the US. and they're like crazy looking forests and desert and all this stuff that I would have thought it was just like in another like I don't know it's halfway across the world but
Yeah. Pretty much. Mhm.
Mhm. I don't know. I don't think uh Yeah I think we're on time already actually. Yeah
we're eight minutes over but I didn't want to cut you off because,
No.
No it's all right.
Yeah you too
you too. Maybe we'll be mets next time. I don't know. Maybe not.
Have a good