Hello? Can you hear me, yep,
come on, pretty good, how are you?
I'm from New Hampshire. What about you? Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh cool, Is it hot?
so you
have, you know, No, the humidity and heat
I
mean
I grew up in New Mexico so I kinda, I kinda know it,
yeah. Um here it's really humid, it's disgusting, I hate it, I
just moved to New Hampshire recently, so yeah,
not my favorite place. Um But I'm just going to school for a few years and then I'm trying to move back on back south, so. Yeah.
No, what were you gonna say?
Well my family actually moved up here and I go to school in new york, so they kind of moved up here for like some job opportunities and just to be closer to me, so yeah, I'm just here while I'm not in school and then I go up to new york during the school year, so. Yeah. Mhm.
Health science well
and
I'm like a general like health degree, you can do kind of a lot of stuff with it, it's just like a general health undergrad, I have a concentration nutrition, but I'm probably gonna have to go to grad school to be able to do much with it. Yeah, but that's sort of the plan anyway, I don't know,
stand well. Yeah, especially right now, it seems like the best option is just like stay in school, the job market is not
looking too hot, so wow,
what about are you like in school, are you working, what are you up to?
I'm, that works like you don't need to go to school when you already have like businesses and the family and people that teach you like business is something you kind of learn from experience, I feel like
You know
we are, yeah, like you can make it official and sometimes you need it to like progress higher up in businesses but if it's a family business, I feel like it's not a big deal everyone shits on like business school students anyway because it's kind of, it's kind of a silly degree if you're not super motivated to like do something with it, you know like
kind of a
cop
like
well you want to go into business and you have like a business plan like give you the tools but it doesn't like give you the business like you have to create the business yourself. So if you're lazy like it's so stupid to get a degree like that.
It's true, it's for
network. I.
business
and I feel like like it's all about you so that's interesting though, I've always wanted to kind of do something like that, like it would be cool to be able to do like that and like have a business and be one of the super successful young people that's like got it going for them, but I don't know, I like going to school so I might as well just stay in school until I kind of have my ship figure it out. Yeah.
Mhm,
no, totally, and I think those people like don't go to college if you're in that mindset, like it's a waste of money, like only go get something out of it because in college you're only going to get what you want to get out of it, like if you go there to fuck around, like that's what you're going to get, you know, you have to be forward about opportunities and stuff so Yeah, I see a lot of people like that and they're so unsuccessful and it's like I mean you kind of set yourself up for failure if you go into school just wanting to like expecting it to be given to you, so. Yeah. Yeah, I just know yourself basically I guess.
I don't
know
totally. Exactly like you have to have something more to show from it other than a degree like it really does change it, like it doesn't mean anything honestly. So yeah, how are you doing like during the pandemic and all this stuff? Like how has that been going?
Yeah. That's scary like right in Miami I bet um I have grandparents, they're not like in an area I guess that's super bad, but they're so nervous being in florida like right now I get like it's really sad.
Yeah. Exactly. It's really crazy to see like and I have friends who are kind of like that too and it sucks because like it definitely kind of makes me pull apart from some people because it's just we have totally different belief systems about it and it's gotten so political, it's hard like people who have different political views from like before, it used to be okay, like we could talk about it like it wasn't our favorite subject, we had disagreements but like it didn't, it wasn't like this like yeah, it's bad.
No,
totally, totally. I don't understand why it's become like a religious and political issue when it's a health issue like that should be completely separate. You know like about people being well not like if you're a republican or democrat or like what trump says like it's so good.
Yeah and it shouldn't be something we should be fighting about like you said. But I mean I get why people are frustrated. Like this sucks. I mean it does suck, but like it would have been better if we'd been good from the beginning, like we're the ones who are making it last longer. Yeah, yep.
Yeah. That's crazy. That yeah, it's wild because like no one knows how to handle this and like some things just like don't have what they need to like take care of this in a good way I guess. I don't know
what's in.
Yeah, exactly. Like there's just not the resources for that, but it's crazy. Yeah.
What be alive?
No,
totally. And like if we get anything from this, I hope there's like at least some positive outcomes. Like people realize how bad the systems are like this is really showing us that we need to work on health care and all that stuff and hopefully we'll learn from it and see like the discrepancies and like the racism in the system and stuff like that. So maybe we'll take something from it. I don't know if we will like hope the learning opportunity.
True.
No, totally, totally. People get comfortable and I mean people have been predicting this for years like 10 years ago scientists were going what could be a global pandemic at any time and people don't realize how real it is until it's happening. So now yes, we see like, yeah, this is the thing that can happen and probably will happen again. Like human to animal diseases and animal, the human diseases like those are going to, especially like when there's places where people still eat like wild animals and stuff like that, which like countries have to do that. so you have to expect that there's going to be those type of viruses and they're going to appear again. So yeah,
I don't
know. I know, but yep, I don't, what else, what else is going on with you?
totally.
lets
um have you done this before like the online talk
study thing?
Yeah, this is my fourth time actually. I was like enjoy doing it. I thought it was pretty interesting.
pretty good like oh yeah, I don't mind. It's more than I get job, so I'm like okay, you're opening that sometimes and
it's yeah, I kind of like doing this like the prolific thing. It's kind of fun like to just do when you're like watching tv or something and you make a little money from it. So. Two.
Yeah, I'm not complaining at all. But yeah, let's see what else. Um What do I like to, what
were you? Yeah
you
have
totally. It's kind of fun when you have it and you're like oh that's not too much and then you like go and convert it and you're like okay like a little bit more. I like
that.
I know, that is pretty fun, it's in like pounds or whatever. Um That's pretty cool. 22 travel. I like to travel
but yeah, do you like to travel and stuff?
wow.
This
is crazy
actually in europe when like this happened and I got home the day before they closed the country.
I
know.
I
know, I got stuck there but like like Loki was worth it, like I'm able to finish my trip and we got to do everything we wanted to do and no one got sick so in my mind like worth it. And it was kind of an experience like seeing it from the other side of things like from the the inside and talking to people in a hostel and stuff like seeing how the us was handling things was kind of crazy. But yeah that's cool. I'm really worried we're not going to be able to travel for a while. Which is sad because I like to travel every year so I'm probably not going to be able to do that.
True
true true.
It
will be
good I think account wow. Yeah it'll be sad. I'm like it's scary because it's it's kind of worrisome that like the U. S. Is handling it so badly. I think it's going to be harder in the future if you're a U. S. Citizen to travel. Like just because other countries know that we're not doing well you know they're probably going to bar us citizens much more strictly than other people so that will kind of suck. But I get it like I get by.
Uh It's honestly kind of embarrassing
like having traveled and going to other countries like I'm always a little bit embarrassed honestly to say I'm from the US like when people are like oh you're american like it's never a good thing. Oh
general like I've traveled yeah I was in Germany when the election was happening like the trump election and it was so embarrassing like people were just asking think about what was going on like what is happening, why is donald trump literally in the running and I'm like I don't know and then he actually becomes president and everyone was just what is wrong with your country? I was like I'm sorry I'm just one person like I can't speak for, I don't know what's going on. But yeah and like everyone sometimes people are like they want to come to the U. S. Like so many people want to get here and then being here like it's kind of a shit show in terms of some some things. But yeah.
Oh absolutely like
no that's very available compared to some countries and like complain because some countries have it so bad right now, like the political situations are like super dangerous but at the same time it's just it's silly politics right now. It's like a joke.
Yeah. Mhm. Hopefully hopefully this next election will do something for us. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping there's going to be like kind of some big changes because like a new generation is going to be much more politically involved in this and like the older generations are being finally a little bit outnumbered in terms of that, so maybe there will be is black, who knows it?
So it's so difficult. I'm
too
totally. And I agree there should be like a balance, like it can't just be young people, there has to be like, there has to be people from all ages and all different ethnicities and different genders are also like there's not going to be equal representation of everybody, you know? So I don't know, don't know what else
we will see. We'll have to see that. True.
Oh um I was visiting a friend in London because she was studying abroad, which honestly it sucked for her because she had to come home. So her study abroad was cut short. So we got this, that's why we went because we were like, oh my God, our friend has an apartment in London. So all we have to do is buy the tickets basically, and we bought them super early. So we got super dirt, cheap, really crappy tickets. And we just got to like couchsurfing my friend's apartment and then we went on a little like day trip, like we took a night bus to Scotland, so we wouldn't, we wouldn't like miss any days. So we like slept on all night and went to Scotland for a couple of days. And then we stayed in my friend's apartment at the end of the trip to, so
it was really mhm.
It was real.
But
what
everything Yeah, totally.
It was fun to be with like young friends who are pretty spontaneous and like okay with being a little uncomfortable in order to save some money and stuff like that. Like it's worth it to have kind of like, like shitty accommodations and stuff like that in order to have more experiences, you know? Like that's, I would trade that out like I trade out like a super nice hotel or something in order to go to more places or something like that.
Yeah. Like there's always room to have like a fancy trip where you go and stay at like a resort or something, but I don't like that as much. I don't know.
You know, I don't have to think about it.
totally. And I get that like there's different kinds of vacations, like there's vacations, you just go to a super nice hotel and like chill out and then there's vacation, we go and like go hiking and go see the culture and stay out late. Like they're both funny but like there are different kinds of traveling for sure. Yeah. But um what else? Hmm. I'm trying to think of other topics to discuss. Um Do you have like any siblings or anything? Mhm.
That's
yeah, Do you guys get along or not so much?
Uh huh. That's cute. That's kind of funny. I have a sister and we're like super close, she's like a year and a half younger than me, so we're really super close and we're like best friends and everyone thinks we're twins. It's kind of funny, but that's kind of nice. It's been nice to have like someone to hang out with, like during the pandemic and stuff, which is
good.
since like, I like any people in New Hampshire because I moved up here and I didn't go to school here, so it's been like thing, yeah, I'm
like moving to new york at the end of the month, so I'm very excited to get away from my family for a little bit,
after being with them for like four months, whatever. I love them. But oh my God, I need to get out
and
no,
I get that. Like I have a super small family. Like I have my mom, my dad, my sister and I have a one grandma, like there's no one else. Everyone else is like dead. So like I have like five people in my actual family, so we're all pretty close and it like, it's a lot different, like not having a bunch of family that you visit all the time or those people who see their grandma's who lived next door every single day, like they don't have. So
like you definitely really appreciative of what you have,
Oh my God, that's so crazy because they don't control. No, I'm just,
maybe. No, Texan families are big. Like they have big loud families, Hey, being from New Mexico like I got to admit we used to like flame Texans like we kinda hated sins
accent
we would fill aimed them because you know, like santa fe is a big like tourist destination like and it's cooler in new Mexico than texas. So it's a big destination during the summer to write, pull down and oh my God, people hated texas because so like loud and like in your face, like Texans, you know like, you know the type, like the big, like southern guy and the family and stuff, kind of chubby white guy, you know, like, especially the Texans who would come like for winter break and they would come to like skinny or something because they're always terrible at like skiing and winter sports and like, it was like, it was such a common thing to just make fun of like the Texan who you can see like going down the hill like knocking over Children and like just like super dangerous. Like it was such a thing to like make fun of them. So it's kind of funny,
I think
it's mostly like chorus divide because like being a local, you always make fun of tourists and Texans were like the majority of tourists, so that's
funny.
But texas is nice. Like I almost went to school in Austin, I wanted to, I was thinking about it. But yeah,
and
you know,
Yeah, yeah, totally. There's some really nice places in texas and texas is so big and there's so many different parts of it.
I know it's like the size of a couple of european countries.
I know,
I know it's crazy like you never get out of the state, which is that's kind of the nice thing about europe is you can literally like drive to a different country in a different in a day like here you. Yeah.
Where
in your,
I think something, I know what you're talking about but they have such good public like um transportation in europe too.
It's yeah totally, it's so cheap, which is nice.
Like the only thing to do is like if you're close enough you can drive to Mexico which I know will do and then like Canada if you're up here like in the north I've drove into Canada but even that it's so long. Oh my gosh, it's so such a long trip to drive to Canada
I went from from new york and it was like pretty long like upstate new york, it was like a couple. What?
Uh huh. uh
That's pretty cool. But still. That's up
you
two.
Yeah. For real. Oh my God, that is hilarious. That's so funny. Yeah but Canada is pretty cool. I've always like Alberta Canada that's like like west way west and like uh like a Washington like up there but it's like a national park and they have like gorgeous like glacier blue water mountains like I've always wanted to get there. But yeah.
Yeah that's like bucket list place I want to visit. There's actually a lot of places in the US I would want to visit to. Like I always think about going out of the country but there's honestly a lot of really cool places in the US to go to. Thank
you.
No totally like it's in our country but it's hard because traveling is so much harder in the US. Like we don't have the public transportation and stuff. So like it's a lot more expensive to do that kind of thing, but definitely be a goal to go to a few more places in the US, especially like national parks and stuff. There's so many really cool ones,
I don't know what else.
cool.
Oh my gosh, You could have, I was
just like flapping.
It was nice to talk to you.
Well, have a good rest of your life I guess.
Maybe. Who knows?
Hot