SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. All right. Thank you. Okay. Uh huh. But Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Okay. What's that? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes I can.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you as well. All right. I didn't fly. Uh
SPEAKER_R: My name is Kelsey, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you. So, Kelsey. I'm gonna start the timer real quick just to make sure we hit that 25 minute mark. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Sure sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh This is actually my first any video for anything that I've done here and prolific. I probably joined last week on sunday, so it's completely
SPEAKER_R: Actually
SPEAKER_L: new to me.
SPEAKER_R: to um I just joined from like Reddit and I saw like good reviews. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's what I found it. I think I found it on a beer money. Read it. So, uh where are you located in? Are you in the U. S. That I'm a super
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm in florida.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I'm up in Minnesota in the midwest.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. How is the
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: situation
SPEAKER_L: what do you
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: do it over here? Uh, Over here is fine. We don't have a lot of stuff going on right now. I think our cases are pretty low, but
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's good.
SPEAKER_L: nothing nothing's really changed with my situation since Covid started. So for me, everything is still pretty normal.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I feel like florida is pretty bad right now. Um No one's really like protecting themselves and just it's kind of crazy down here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I heard on the news that your case is down there were rising actually,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and there's a lot of like controversies because um a lady got fired because she was she refused to manipulate like covid data and yeah a lot of that stuff going on.
SPEAKER_L: I heard about that. That was a little bit uh I was kind of worried when I saw that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: situation down here is kind of bad but hopefully it gets better.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So what is it that you do? Oh, you're all right. Thought your connection cut out there for a second. I was asking, what is it that you do for living?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm a student right now,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm obviously probably not a student, as you can tell. I'm in my mid thirties, so I'm done with that face. What are you going for?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying Yukon right now and I'm thinking of going into finance but like not 100% sure this like finance is crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Um What do you do? You
SPEAKER_R: I am a rising second year.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, What do you mean? What do you say? Finance is crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm like looking into doing I. B. And the timeline for recruitment is just like hyper accelerated. Um So if I want to do it I have to like figure it out now and start like applying for my junior internship like next semester.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not too football when you say I be you mean international business. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Investment banking.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, investment banking. Okay. That's completely different than what I was. What are you doing? Investment investment banking.
SPEAKER_R: basically you try to leverage like the companies balance sheet um to you kind of create debt to work on other projects and it's like more of the quantitative side with that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I actually just started and sparks myself like a probably less than a month ago. So I I started to learn about all these terms and stuff like that so I know it leverages but that sounds kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_R: what are you trading on like Robin Hood?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't like Robin Hood very much. It's actually lost $100 the very first two weeks because I was being gone and went into a few penny stocks and that didn't pan out very well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've been seeing on the news like a lot of people are investing in like bankrupt companies and just like ruining everything. It's pretty funny.
SPEAKER_L: They invested in Hertz which was already banked from that did not go well that's not the one I invested and I invested in another one that I bought it in at like a pretty high price and I could have made a profit but I waited too long and then I lost about 100 blocks. It's like
SPEAKER_R: stocks is like gambling.
SPEAKER_L: I switch platforms still different one that I can do more long term stuff in and I'm breathing up more on it now than I was before.
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's good.
SPEAKER_L: So in terms of uh, Nikon, why do you, why do you choose that route?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I kind of like political science but it's just like a sad field to go into because nothing really gets done. Um Just like a bunch of uh huh old people just yelling at each other uh looking out for themselves. So I feel like icons more applicable but also like big enough that I can have some time to figure out what I want to do.
SPEAKER_L: So you, was that kind of what you wanted to do when you're going up? Or is that just kind of more forming knowledge? You're going to your college years?
SPEAKER_R: um I don't know. I think I never really knew what I wanted to do girl
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I wanted
SPEAKER_R: survive.
SPEAKER_L: to be a teacher when I was going on and I'm not
SPEAKER_R: teachers
SPEAKER_L: a people now,
SPEAKER_R: don't get paid a lot heavily mistreated.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I learned, actually get paid. Really horrible. And then I volunteered and uh, I got accepted to a teaching program, but I volunteered in a school for Britain. It was a little too much too much stress for me. So I, I gave that up.
SPEAKER_R: So what are you doing now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm uh alcohol drug counselor and I'm also therapist, so I kind of work with the co occurring populations.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah, I think that's really necessary. No, I just like seeing people my age and people in high school like everything's going so badly, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, they, you know, the opioid epidemic is kind of has been rising for the past few years, so it's definitely an area of need. But I think as far as in the schools for now, they're just changing the drugs because before it was more like the cannabis and it's still, a lot of, a lot of that is cannabis, but there Mhm. Kids, in my opinion, are getting into more varied drugs than they were back when I was going out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know quite a few people who were on hard drugs and then like vaping is becoming really big thing.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Actually, if a kid came into my office and he said, I have a problem with vaping or nicotine as opposed to like cannabis most of the time, I would want to address the vaping over the canvas because that's actually more of a problem. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't I don't care so much for cannabis uh and addressing that, but I'd rather have them off the nicotine, right? Because they're more likely to spend more money overall and have more health problems related to that and actually likely to escalate to hire drugs compared to cannabis.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I feel like cannabis, it's not actually that dangerous, like
SPEAKER_L: All right. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it can be used for good things and it's not like as bad as a lot of other trucks.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm I'm a substance abuse counselor, but I usually use cannabis myself back when I was a teenager. So I kind of know the process. I got out of it. And so, you know, I kind of grew from that process and became a became a counselor probably because of that.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like cannabis might actually be better than alcohol. Probably is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: actually.
SPEAKER_L: would I would agree. Yeah. There's a in the United States there's a lot more alcoholics and people that have problems with alcohol compared to cannabis. Oh, I mean there's there's kind of a stocks on Robina that people can invest in them. People are going crazy over that. So why have you invested in any of that or you're just you're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just hearing about it because it's been on the news lately?
SPEAKER_R: I have not uh poor college student just like trying to stay up to date with the news and like what's going on.
SPEAKER_L: I guess if you're in that position, you can't really do much about that. Are you staying at home then or you put you in like the dorms? Well, I guess I don't want to know how the dorms reward because of cold. It. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: everyone's home right now and yep the colleges kicked everyone out pretty early. Um And most are like just finally starting to release like reopening plans. Um They're pretty uh strange, but I guess it's a new era. So
SPEAKER_L: Does your colors have a plan yet? Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: basically they're trying to like identify uh the dorms and move to like hybrid classes, so some of it will be online, so it will be in person depending on like I guess personal preference.
SPEAKER_L: Talking about, how do you feel about it?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think it's the best that can be done in this situation, but because colleges need money and like people are saying like, oh well they have like a few billion dollar endowment, like why don't they do anything? It's like the endowments tied up in property and land. It's not like all liquidation and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Surely your economics background.
SPEAKER_R: No, honestly, most of this is just for my brother because he's actually hold up.
SPEAKER_L: conduction is kind of stuttering. I don't know if you're getting that on your end to.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's slightly. I'm just saying I get most of it from my brother because he's actually like working
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: in the finance industry. It's not really
SPEAKER_L: heart.
SPEAKER_R: like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh is that kind of is that kind of word you're getting the idea of about economics from uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mostly just because like I think we're both pretty similar in that we don't really know what we want to do. We just like I want to make enough money to get by. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. How long has he, has he been working? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: maybe like one or two years. Yeah, it's a pretty fresh.
SPEAKER_L: And do you think he he likes that kind of feeling this you feel like he's making a good enough income from that? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think he's pretty happy where he is. Um He's a very like quantitative, mm
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: hmm. Just like typical banker kind of guy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I figured uh of course he's agent, so you got a bad thing going on there too.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Actually not really.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Um, he didn't do that well in school.
SPEAKER_L: you know I think it's interesting that uh you're doing economics because if if I would have gone back in time, I probably would have considered that because of how much I actually like investing right now and doing research on that. It's so amazing to to listen to some of these like or read some of these books and resources. I'd like spent a whole they looking at information and reading. And I've never really done a lot of that, that sort of thing for a very long time. So uh to me that that field is pretty cool compared to but some of the stuff that I've done and fast like you know, teaching the therapy and counseling stuff is okay right now. Um But I think maybe eventually I'll have to you have a lot more research.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean every profession has its pros and cons, so
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So are you are you native to the United States or did did you come here? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was born here.
SPEAKER_L: Don't move uh too personal. Or do you mind telling me where your family came from?
SPEAKER_R: Um my parents came from china.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. We're I actually came from Vietnam but I was not born here. I was born in Vietnam became their last nine.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Was it like uh Vietnam war kind of affected or not?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, sort of. My uncle and grandfather actually came here after the Vietnam war because my my grandfather was he was a pilot for the south. And then when the north basically one you had it, he made some enemies. So I had to come over here to get away from that. So he brought my uncle and then my uncle married a person over here and they helped us immigrate probably like another 2030 years later because my uh 1995 because my grandmother and my father stayed home. I'm good now. Thank you. Yeah when I came here I knew three words in english. I said I knew boy girl and play and I knew I knew boy because that's what I was. I had to know at least like what I was then a new girl because that's the opposite of what boy was and I knew flag because came before G. And the the little book I was reading. So if you saw a girl on a page then you can see flag. So what happened? J. Mhm. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So do
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: speak fluent Vietnamese?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I still speak pretty fluent you know I don't use it very often because my parents when we were growing up they wanted us to use their music in the house all the time that but we never really followed follow that rule so we would always talk with each other in english and I don't use it as much, I can still kind of read it uh but I can barely write anymore so it's been a while.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been back to visit? Wow.
SPEAKER_L: No my parents actually really hate the Communists. So they basically said they basically well to never go back. Yeah they really hate the communist and I haven't been, I would like to go back but I haven't been able to save enough money to know that yet so that eventually my sister has gone back. She was working as a, as a teacher in japan permit and then she went back on a trip. So you know when we came here we had uh we had a layover in Chicago and we didn't know that we were supposed to get on another plane. So we got off that plane and wandered around in the airport for awhile, luckily we found this lady who who knew who knew how to speak Vietnamese and help us get on the plane that we're supposed to go
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: to get to Minnesota, you know otherwise we would have been in a lot of trouble. But yeah, it was it was a weird thing learning english. My parents sat me in front of like this tape reporter or at this tape and they would play english taste for us for three hours every day, and that's how we learn english.
SPEAKER_R: Did you go to like the social classes?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was uh I was a free lunch kid and also the sl kid because every time every time in the middle of the day they're like okay you kids and they pointed like four or five of us go to your cell and then we take off and go to your cell. I'm guessing you that you guys never had to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, no, I think my first language is english, but I'm not sure. But
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: like my parents signed me up for chinese school and so I can still like read and write and everything. Well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And you guys, you guys can speak naturally obviously. Right, okay, that's pretty cool. I think my brother and sister, my parents do the same thing with my brother and sister day because they were born over here as opposed to myself and my other brother who were who were born over there. So they were here didn't know anything uh about living over there or anything like that, so they had to learn some of the language, but that didn't last very long.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's always hard to like reconnect with your roots when you're not there for a while.
SPEAKER_L: How big, how big is that in your life? So like your routes to china, is it like a major factor because I don't feel like I'm super connected to Vietnam or do I really care about it at this point?
SPEAKER_R: Mm. I think I feel more connected than a good majority. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: we were talking.
SPEAKER_R: because since I was younger I just always liked learning the language and then I was always interested in like the politics because like especially now it's becoming increasingly reparable of it. Um
SPEAKER_L: it's a little crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I just feel like I had like this advantage so I should use it and leverage it when I can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's the leverage board again. No, I think that's cool that that you're kind of invested, that there's a part of me that wants to be, but there's a part of me that hates how my country kind of turned out. Yes, sir, to me it's just a bad place and honestly, I I view all the Vietnamese people, it's like scammers. Uh yeah, I don't like my own race very much sometimes, because the perception is sometimes actually two, we're always trying to make the most the most profit out of any situation, you know bartering something that we kind of screw screw other people of all races over sometimes because so I don't really like the mental life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like a lot of asian immigrants have that kind of yeah, mentality
SPEAKER_L: and don't get me wrong I'm I'm a scabrous myself, I used to sell stuff on Ebay like uh imported Dvds and that I was selling because I wasn't supposed to do that on a platform so that's like the kettle, the podcast that kind of black or whatever or person
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean sometimes it's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: just hard to survive, but
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Have you got any like slack or be trying to use? And has there been any backlash against them? You
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: like that?
SPEAKER_R: personally, like sometimes, like there's like small things like when I was in the airport coming back from college, like people would intentionally avoid, Sorry? Ah
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: I was just saying, I feel like the people who are that close minded like aren't worth talking to.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're you're saying that people were avoiding you at the airport, coming back from where?
SPEAKER_R: from college
SPEAKER_L: Oh from college and so it was like really noticeable that they were trying to avoid you.
SPEAKER_R: it was just small things. Like I had an NPC next to me and I saw someone looking at it and then they looked at me and walked away, so
SPEAKER_L: that's that's interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it works for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No I think that's great but like I've been seeing some surveys to about like maybe it was a prolific or want to do the sights but it was like they uh how's your what's your view on china? And it was like a covid survey right? And I guess they're trying to just got people's reaction to like the connection of covid with the chinese people. And I wonder I sometimes wonder how people respond especially if if they're like occasion or people that are here just you know native to us
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's it's really easy to get caught up in like your own bubble. Um
SPEAKER_L: have that.
SPEAKER_R: But a lot of people don't realize that just like there's so much politics at play and everything and there's always like two sides, like people in china aren't dumb either, like they know there's like censorship stuff going on, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I figured that was left. So how long have you been doing the these sort of studies here? Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: they feel like a little less than a month. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And how do you get interested in that? Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Honestly
SPEAKER_L: well, interesting
SPEAKER_R: ward
SPEAKER_L: I guess.
SPEAKER_R: because I kind of have a part time job, I'm working for my lab remotely. Um but then it's just like the work is really monotonous. Um I came on here and I just like taking random quizzes fun, there's like some interesting ones, so it's kind of interesting to see like where people are researching and looking into,
SPEAKER_L: So you left or you took a break from your monotonous work at the lab to do monotonous surveys and other past I'm for that.
SPEAKER_R: I'm still doing the lab work, just like on top of it, like well I'm watching Youtube or something, just like there's some interesting ones. Like I had to do like a color dot perception thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, there is some really cool and I remember seeing some, some of them where I was like, oh I want to see if my other family members can do this one. Yeah. Uh just because they're so fun and I've actually been liking doing the surveys just because mostly they're pretty fun and a little money on the side doesn't hurt. All right, so how big is your family? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: people including me,
SPEAKER_L: Well just your parents and your
SPEAKER_R: my brother. No.
SPEAKER_L: huh. My family is we have I have three siblings and then I have many uncles because both of my grandfathers had two wives. And actually my grandfather, the one that immigrated, my dad's father, the one who immigrated in the seventies ish was uh he never actually divorced my grandmother, he just married a new another person when he came to the United States, which which was a little weird. So when she came to us like you know, 15, 20 years later, she kind of knew that he had already been married or had been dating this person and she just like hey to discuss afterwards, but both of them had probably like 6 to 8 kids between two. So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I got a bunch of extended family.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice though because I have no extended family like in the States, so it's kind of lonely sometimes, but like you find your own community
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Really? You guys have no extended family in the States?
SPEAKER_R: uh nope, I have something in europe, but the rest is still in china.
SPEAKER_L: Mm So I have have you gone back over there or your family going back over that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we go back every like three or four years maybe.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. How expensive is the truck?
SPEAKER_R: Um So my mom has, she, she works with the tour company, so we get like really cheap deals on tickets. Um So I think usually if you can get it at a good time, it's maybe less than 1500 but we can usually get even less than that.
SPEAKER_L: Her person. Okay. I'm gonna say that's a little bit less now just because of Colin
SPEAKER_R: actually it's a lot higher because
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: of yeah because of the travel ban and yeah this restrictions on travel.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. No that makes sense not to but you keep that shit. So well we've we are at 25 minutes and 42 seconds now. So we're past the time.
SPEAKER_R: Well. All right.
SPEAKER_L: This was kind of cool. I'd like to I like just talking to people just because I haven't really been able to do that as much as outside of my client. It's actually working has been keeping me saying so I would feel really weird if I wasn't able to talk with people. Yeah. Cool. And so I really appreciate you sharing some of your information with me and I wish you luck in your economics degree or whatever degree you choose to pursue.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I wish you luck in your curio cell. Okay. Right.
SPEAKER_L: All right. So now I just gotta figure out
SPEAKER_R: Do we just close out of this
SPEAKER_L: let
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: me deal with a real quick. Yeah. I think we're supposed to just close out of it and then complete the survey. All right.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: See you
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: later.