Hello.
Yes I can.
My name is Kelsey, nice to meet you.
Sure sounds good.
Actually
to um I just joined from like Reddit and I saw like good reviews. So.
yeah I'm in florida.
Okay. How is the
situation
over
Okay that's good.
Mhm. Yeah. I feel like florida is pretty bad right now. Um No one's really like protecting themselves and just it's kind of crazy down here.
Yeah and there's a lot of like controversies because um a lady got fired because she was she refused to manipulate like covid data and yeah a lot of that stuff going on.
situation down here is kind of bad but hopefully it gets better.
Um I'm a student right now,
I'm studying Yukon right now and I'm thinking of going into finance but like not 100% sure this like finance is crazy.
I am a rising second year.
Um So I'm like looking into doing I. B. And the timeline for recruitment is just like hyper accelerated. Um So if I want to do it I have to like figure it out now and start like applying for my junior internship like next semester.
Investment banking.
basically you try to leverage like the companies balance sheet um to you kind of create debt to work on other projects and it's like more of the quantitative side with that stuff.
what are you trading on like Robin Hood?
Yeah. I've been seeing on the news like a lot of people are investing in like bankrupt companies and just like ruining everything. It's pretty funny.
stocks is like gambling.
Okay that's good.
Um So I kind of like political science but it's just like a sad field to go into because nothing really gets done. Um Just like a bunch of uh huh old people just yelling at each other uh looking out for themselves. So I feel like icons more applicable but also like big enough that I can have some time to figure out what I want to do.
um I don't know. I think I never really knew what I wanted to do girl
survive.
teachers
don't get paid a lot heavily mistreated.
So what are you doing now?
mm. Yeah, I think that's really necessary. No, I just like seeing people my age and people in high school like everything's going so badly, right?
I know quite a few people who were on hard drugs and then like vaping is becoming really big thing.
Mhm. Yeah. I feel like cannabis, it's not actually that dangerous, like
it can be used for good things and it's not like as bad as a lot of other trucks.
I feel like cannabis might actually be better than alcohol. Probably is
actually.
I
I have not uh poor college student just like trying to stay up to date with the news and like what's going on.
everyone's home right now and yep the colleges kicked everyone out pretty early. Um And most are like just finally starting to release like reopening plans. Um They're pretty uh strange, but I guess it's a new era. So
basically they're trying to like identify uh the dorms and move to like hybrid classes, so some of it will be online, so it will be in person depending on like I guess personal preference.
Um I think it's the best that can be done in this situation, but because colleges need money and like people are saying like, oh well they have like a few billion dollar endowment, like why don't they do anything? It's like the endowments tied up in property and land. It's not like all liquidation and stuff.
No, honestly, most of this is just for my brother because he's actually hold up.
Oh yeah, it's slightly. I'm just saying I get most of it from my brother because he's actually like working
in the finance industry. It's not really
like. Yeah.
Yeah. Mostly just because like I think we're both pretty similar in that we don't really know what we want to do. We just like I want to make enough money to get by. So
maybe like one or two years. Yeah, it's a pretty fresh.
Yeah, I think he's pretty happy where he is. Um He's a very like quantitative, mm
hmm. Just like typical banker kind of guy.
Uh Actually not really.
Um, he didn't do that well in school.
Yeah, I mean every profession has its pros and cons, so
I was born here.
Um my parents came from china.
Okay. Was it like uh Vietnam war kind of affected or not?
So do
you
still
speak fluent Vietnamese?
Have you been back to visit? Wow.
What,
Did you go to like the social classes?
Uh, no, I think my first language is english, but I'm not sure. But
like my parents signed me up for chinese school and so I can still like read and write and everything. Well.
Yeah. It's always hard to like reconnect with your roots when you're not there for a while.
Mm. I think I feel more connected than a good majority. Um
just
because since I was younger I just always liked learning the language and then I was always interested in like the politics because like especially now it's becoming increasingly reparable of it. Um
Yeah, so I just feel like I had like this advantage so I should use it and leverage it when I can.
Yeah, I feel like a lot of asian immigrants have that kind of yeah, mentality
Yeah, I mean sometimes it's
just hard to survive, but
not
personally, like sometimes, like there's like small things like when I was in the airport coming back from college, like people would intentionally avoid, Sorry? Ah
I was just saying, I feel like the people who are that close minded like aren't worth talking to.
from college
it was just small things. Like I had an NPC next to me and I saw someone looking at it and then they looked at me and walked away, so
it works for me.
Yeah, I think it's it's really easy to get caught up in like your own bubble. Um
But a lot of people don't realize that just like there's so much politics at play and everything and there's always like two sides, like people in china aren't dumb either, like they know there's like censorship stuff going on, so
they feel like a little less than a month. Yeah.
Honestly
ward
because I kind of have a part time job, I'm working for my lab remotely. Um but then it's just like the work is really monotonous. Um I came on here and I just like taking random quizzes fun, there's like some interesting ones, so it's kind of interesting to see like where people are researching and looking into,
I'm still doing the lab work, just like on top of it, like well I'm watching Youtube or something, just like there's some interesting ones. Like I had to do like a color dot perception thing. Um
So yeah.
people including me,
my brother. No.
So
that's nice though because I have no extended family like in the States, so it's kind of lonely sometimes, but like you find your own community
uh nope, I have something in europe, but the rest is still in china.
Yeah, we go back every like three or four years maybe.
Um So my mom has, she, she works with the tour company, so we get like really cheap deals on tickets. Um So I think usually if you can get it at a good time, it's maybe less than 1500 but we can usually get even less than that.
actually it's a lot higher because
of yeah because of the travel ban and yeah this restrictions on travel.
Well. All right.
Thank you. I wish you luck in your curio cell. Okay. Right.
Do we just close out of this
or?
All
See