Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. It's going to be running out of proportion. Mhm.
Hi. Yeah, can you hear me?
Mhm. Yeah, I can hear you too. Oh my,
so have you done one of these before?
No, this is my first time too.
Okay. That's cool. I actually just started using prolific like two days ago.
Okay. Yeah. This is the first sight I've been using um because I've been mainly just staying at home because the whole quarantine thing. So I wanted like a um a way to earn some money. And then I came across I think I came across this on Reddit or something. I don't remember how
I
came across.
So
what's your name? Miranda? I'm
capt cat.
Nice to meet you too. Are you in the U. S.
No, I'm just not working right now. Um I just actually graduated um
from a nursing program. Thank you. I've been trying to look into some jobs but I haven't been actively looking mainly because I have family that are kind of older and I visit them quite often so I don't want to you
know get
them infected right now.
You said you are you regularly a substitute teacher you said? Okay mm.
So do you get to um do online teaching things right now or?
well for the program that I was in we have a precept er shit and I precept it in a meds medical, it's called a medical surgical unit at the hospital. So it's mainly like general medicine um within a hospital unit or within a hospital setting. So mostly there I guess.
so um
what else to talk about?
Um uh Let's see I've actually been watching a lot of family Guy. Um
We we have a DVR at home man. My boyfriend likes family guy and I got into it recently because I've been staying at home a lot. So yeah, we've been watching a lot of family guy I think. I don't know, we haven't found any um good shows on netflix recently, have you? Or do you have netflix at all?
Is what is that about?
it's
it's like a mini series or like
the I think the last few things that I did watch how netflix where reality tv shows, So have you heard of Love Is Blind? I watched that one and then did you like it?
You heard of it? Yeah, there was just one really good, really good series on amazon Prime, it was like, I don't know maybe like 10 episodes of different love stories, it's like different love stories, have you heard of that one?
Okay. Yeah, I mainly dress um
then watch
oh sorry go ahead.
What was that called? Sorry you were kind of breaking up
a West World I think I've heard of it but I haven't watched it on netflix you say?
but that sounds interesting. I'll look into that. I did watch I did watch
similar to that on netflix. It was a Russian. So forget what it was called. It was like subbed in english though but it was in Russia. I forget what it was called but I'll look into Westworld. That sounds interesting. Yeah I'm really into like the ai stuff too like what's it called? I really like Black Mirror but they haven't come out with new episodes yet.
Yeah I really like it. Sorry what was that?
we
did
that. Yeah yeah we did that. It was like a standalone movie or something. Right? Yeah. That was, we did like, we tried like all the options I think. Yeah. I really like that show. So what have you mainly been doing at home?
I've been watching a lot of skincare videos because I'm not sure if it was just because of the quarantine or like what happened? But I remember I used this facial brush on my face like about two months ago and then I don't know if it was because of that, that things started declining for my face. But um, like my first, my face started feeling really dry. So then I bought a new lotion or moisturizer and then that made me like break out a lot. And I don't know, I think I just damaged my skin barrier and like for the past two months it hasn't fully healed yet and I'm still trying to heal it. Like I can't even wash my face with the regular cleanser right now. I just have to wash it with water.
Yeah. I usually, because I have an oily face, so I usually just use um like a gel moisturizer, it's like very lightweight, so just sinks in. But I have to use like this thick, heavy moisturizer that's an inclusive to like um trap my moisture in right now. Yeah.
Do
you
have any?
I'm
sorry, go
ahead.
I've
heard of that is like, how does, how does it work? Do you like it? The ponds one?
that's good. Do you consider yourself to have normal skin or like a sense sensitive
skin?
Okay. Yeah. My cheese own is oily and my cheeks are dry and I do have sensitive skin but not as sensitive as it is right now. Like,
I'm even
if so,
go ahead.
Um Like, I haven't even been going outside much because I'm like, you know, for sunscreen, like, I have to apply sunscreen if I go outside and I haven't been washing my face only with water. So yeah, I'm afraid to go outside. It's been pretty bad. Like, I'm I'm just sitting at home all day and I really want to go outside.
Wait. So you use that often, you said?
Yeah, I've heard of that.
Do you have any tips for me? Like, I don't know if you've ever damaged your moisture barrier. Do you
have
any?
Yeah.
Like, I keep I keep looking at my old pictures on my phone to see how my skin looked before, but a lot of them, like, because I used the CC cream a lot back then. That's the it cosmetics cc cream that I used to use a lot. And then like all the pictures I have that on. So my skin looks flawless. So I don't have a lot of pictures without any, you know, makeup on. So
it's
hard to tell what it looked like before, but I feel like my skin is like so bad. I mean, you can't really tell just like my face looks kind of red, but I don't know.
I keep complaining to my boyfriend about my skin issue and he's like, it'll take time to heal. Don't worry. Just leave it.
But those are my days just worrying about my skin. I'm sitting
at home.
Great.
that's good. Do
you braid
like
your whole go ahead.
I think I only know what the basic braid to like. Just, I don't know what it's called. The basic brain. Having
experimented
with the other ones. I think my sister knows how to do the fish tail one, but I never learned it. Yeah. Hello? You froze? Okay. I can see you now.
I
don't know either.
Not really. You mean the regular, normal brain?
So it's basically just crossing it over. Is that what is that how it fits? Great is Okay. That's why that's cool. I should experiment with braids now. I actually haven't been taking care of my hair. Like I I use like I color my hair like maybe every six months. Um The color like a blonde, lighter blonde color. Um But you can see my roots are, I don't know if you can see, but my roots are going out.
My hair is like super long and like kind of frizzy right now and I don't know, it's just been a mess dry. Yeah. Mhm.
Great.
You mean you usually cut it above your shoulders? You said
um did you say you usually cut your hair above your shoulders? Like you usually leave at that length?
Do you dye your hair as well, or you never
your?
Yeah. You said your mom did that, she dyed her hair pink.
Wait, so you say you've never dyed your hair and your whole life? Really? You never want to experiment with it?
I remember
I was
yeah, I think actually, I don't remember the first, like, how old I was the first time I dyed my hair, but I do remember like growing up, my mom would cut my hair for me, like um I think all the way up to high school baby. And then I remember I was like, one day my mom was like, okay, you're old enough to go to the salon now. So I remember I was so pissed at her because
I was like no I want to I want you to continue cutting my I don't know why mm Yeah I don't know how.
Yeah I don't know why I was so like upset about going to hear something. They're like your glasses by the way.
Mhm. The user I got from Costco I think I've gotten maybe my last two
pairs from Costco. Um But before that I would just get it from like my optometrists that I usually went to. Um But I'm with meta,
what is it called? I'm with medical now so I don't have like a specific optometrist that I go to. Um Actually wait oh I do qualify for Kaiser's Kaiser's optometry but I think the reason I don't buy their frames from there because it's kind of expensive. So it is by from Costco Man.
Oh that's really cheap. How strong is your prescription?
Okay mine's
kind
up there too. Oh go
ahead.
Uh It doesn't look too bad right? Like I mean I can't really see but it doesn't like battery then I like
how
it looks
kind of yeah like hell looks kind of thinner at the bottom. I think
it's clear.
your screen is kind of blurry right now but I could I could kind of do it.
Okay do you usually buy your frames from that website? Mhm.
I
think they
look nice
on you. They don't look too big.
Yeah if it's your face um I have the opposite problem where my head is like too big I guess. So like all the frames that I try to really tight like especially on my temples. So I'm always like
I
wish I had
smaller
face.
Yeah. I can't wear headbands either but
We'll have to see. You said it's only $60 for like the lenses
and frames together. Uh Because I checked out um what's the other like really popular website for friends?
Know
what?
Yeah. Yeah. Warby parker.
I got you know how they send you like free frames to try on before you purchase them? So I did that. But then like I think I did like the widest frames they had and they still don't fit my face so I don't even
know
if like
Yeah I think it was like since I have a higher prescription um I think it was like over 100 like maybe like 150 or 180 or something. So I have to look into Xeni hopefully
they have frame stuck that fit me.
And yeah I think I might have like a record of it like when Costco did it. I don't know. I'll have to check.
Uh huh. Yeah I'll check that out. Thanks. I'll check out that. And what was it called? I wrote it down the show that you were telling me about
Check
out both
of
them.
Okay. Nice. Yeah. Um mm What else do you play an instrument?
No
like you did you teach yourself as
Um Well I have a keyboard um at my place but I don't really play it but when I do yeah. Um I do have the trouble spreading my fingers. Same with my guitar. My boyfriend plays the guitar and he's been trying to kind of teach me not really but I always complained to him that it's really hard to move my fingers. I feel like my fingers are small.
You
have
well do you have long nails? Like you keep
your nails long?
I used to play the flute back in elementary and middle school. I don't know where I put my flute now though. I haven't played in a long time.
Okay. Yeah. Um Yeah. Okay. Finally play the piano but I never actually took any lessons. I just I taught myself some songs but I definitely don't know how to read piano sheet
music. I just yeah, I just teach myself by you. Yeah.
Uh huh. How do you, how do you read choir music? Isn't it just like the lyrics?
Oh cool. Can you join choir if you don't have a good voice?
Like
do they
do they
screen
people?
What did you do it in college too?
Yeah. Cool. I didn't do any, I don't think I did any extracurriculars in college. I was like so busy just focusing on my studies that I guess I didn't really have time. I don't know. Uh huh. I wish I did more in college though.
Did you know that you wanted to become a teaching? Like starting college?
I think um I don't know. I think like all throughout college, I thought my science classes were really hard to like, I know I got a lot of seeds but I was like, I guess c's get degrees too, so just finish it, you know, since I already kind of started everything. But
yeah, I definitely didn't enjoy all the classes I took.
Sorry, Miss what you said. I thank you froze. Well, I can see, you know.
Yeah, I think it was a good balance, but or maybe I probably have more classes I didn't like than I did like, but police. Um Hopefully. I don't know. We'll see if I want to get my masters later. But probably not. I feel like I've been in school for so long because um I finished, I did finish four years undergrad and then I started working and then I went back to school for nursing. So it's been a long, long schooling for me. Yeah.
Yeah, but you enjoy being a teacher, right?
I can't imagine. I don't know. I feel like being a teacher, especially for the younger kids and maybe like middle school, I don't know like just where if the students don't listen to you, I feel like I'd be pretty stressful because I was a tutor once. Um we're like really little preschool to kindergarten kids and that was pretty stressful. So yeah, it's amazing what teachers can do and yeah,
But yeah, I think so. This is 25 minutes, right
for
the,
do you know what? So we just close out of this and then we click next on the other page rate.
I mean you're
gonna click next.
So says do not move on to the next page until you have opened the conversation in any tab. You will not be able to go back to this page and you will not be able to be in your conversation.
So we
can close
this tab then. Right, okay.
You too.
Thanks
for talking to me and recommending me stuff.
Hey, but I have a good day.