Hi.
yeah I can hear you can hear me
So
Have not have you done 1?
Yeah. Um Actually did a survey the other day over the phone but not a video chat.
We too. Yeah. Um Yeah I used um he's like other survey sites but I don't usually this one is brand new for me.
I
found
it right in a lot of people
recommended it. So.
And yours
cats? Okay. Oh, nice to me.
Yeah. Are you yeah. Are you working from home right now or you're just not working?
And what?
Risk
them.
Yeah. I understand. I work as a substitute teacher and um for a while after the quarantine started I was um I was one of the essential workers. We were passing out food to the students and um now it's over so now I'm just at home. Mhm.
Yeah.
I haven't I haven't tried to do any of that. I know like people always say like you should do VIP kid or things like that. Uh huh. Right where do you want to do nursing? What what your focus?
yeah so you don't want to start right away? Yeah.
Yeah. How
are you watching any cool tv right now?
well
Yeah I have netflix. Um I've been watching never have I ever that just came out and started watching that.
It's this like indian girl an american high school and just trying to figure stuff out. I'm trying to
watch a lot of feel good type shows right now
I think it's a full series but it's like brand new, the first season.
I didn't watch it well I know that.
I've heard that one, I don't have amazon prime so I don't know a lot of those shows there.
I don't know if you watch
I was just
okay. I don't know if you watch like sex or anything like that but I finished West. That was really good.
Yeah. You too? Westworld
it's like a I so like the main girl, she's a robot. Yes.
that's your thing.
I have seen like um like the first season but not much more after that. It's just like too much. I like the idea of it but when I started it I started like with the very first episode and those first couple of episodes are just so wild. They're just crazy that I haven't I haven't finished what you know. Did you do the follow your own
did you do the follow your own story flicks where it's like Black Mirror but Right,
what's
going to happen?
no one's crazy. Um Well I've been working online um something like watching tv. Uh huh.
Are you doing like a lot of moisturizer?
Yeah.
I
mostly
just I
mostly
just
use like a regular cleanser and then um I use Pond's moisturizer and that's
it.
I like it. Um my grandma that was like her thing, she would put it on every day and just like not even wipe it off like the instructions side to put some on and then wipe it off with a towel so that just some of it um moisturizes without getting too oily, but she would just like put it on and leave it. And so um I use like a tiny amount just enough to cover my face. Like I feel not visibly and I think that it works fine. I haven't had any problems with it since I started.
I'm like
a mixed skin. Like my forehead gets oily but then the rest of my skin is dry so I try to find like a good balance with moisturizer.
I have
face.
Go ahead
anyway.
Yeah I have a face mask. I'm gonna try, I haven't tried it but I've had it for a while and it's like half and half so that it dries, it helps like the oiliness of your T zone while while moisturizing the rest of your face. I thought oh that's cool,
I haven't used it. Um But I want to try it. I got it in one uh you know the Iptc bags?
Yeah I got that and it came with one of those myself. Okay it's it's cool.
I
haven't
but um
my sister she has problem skin and I know that it's just like baster to moisturize, Try and like get that balance back. Um Maybe looking to like stronger stuff I guess. Yeah, I don't know. Mhm
Just
say
I can't tell it all. You look fine.
Yeah, I guess. Yeah,
I'm learning
how to break. Yeah. I have never
been able to braid my hair before because my fingers just get like confused. I can't keep track and then it's like if you're looking in the mirror then you just like totally lose it. You can't tell which hand is which because the mirrors backwards, but I've been practicing braiding my hair during this second home time and um I think I'm doing pretty well.
I
can
do,
like the whole thing all the way back. Um Just like a single braid. Just like french braid, dutch braid. Um Fishtail braid. I want to learn how to do like the full head where you go around in a circle, like the crown, but I don't know how to do that.
Yeah, I'm
normal red.
I don't know if it's me or
you
But the fish tail is pretty easy because you just grab pieces of fair and like cross them and it's just the two pieces over and over again. So like I think that one's way easier than the three piece braids.
Well yeah, like a regular brain is three pieces and you go over each other, right? But the fish tail braid, you just like take your two pieces and you like grab an edge piece over and over and over again.
Yeah. They're like boy. Yeah.
ago
just like above my shoulders and now it's just like I'm just leaving it alone for the most part to get longer.
You froze up stadion.
And I let it grow out until I decided to cut it again.
No, I
haven't hair but my sister dies are here all the time. And um she's been crazy fellows. She recently stood like a bright, bright orange and it was wild. My mom well just give it a try. So she died the edges of her hair. Like I think this much just bright, bright pink because I just wanted
my mom. Yeah.
Yeah, I was it was just really like it brown, but I don't know if I like if I would like how if I did like
would be
like a crazy color and not just
No.
Yeah. I've always gone to not like a salon but just like you know hair Cuttery or great clips kind of thing. And just get it cut.
Thank you there from Xeni do you? Where do you get your glasses?
All
I never
Yeah. These are cheap minor. Like the frames are like 12 or something like that. But my prescriptions like really strong. So then after I had to do all the extra stuff for my prescription, it was like 60 I think.
Um I'm not sure. I want to say like one of my eyes is like negative eight And then the other ones like -7. But I'm not 100% sure.
But
they
but
they look sick like when you're looking at them from the side the glass comes like way out of the frame.
It
doesn't
like
it's
yeah it's clear here if I may be I don't know where to hold them. Mm
they're like an ombre style um where they start like the darker red and then they go mostly clear at the bottom.
Yeah. From Xeni um My mom found him like a couple years ago and like my last three pairs were from there. I have sunglasses from there too. But my head I always feel like my head's really small compared to like the size of the glasses they're selling. So like the sunglasses I have are for boys like kids child boys. And um so that it like so that it's smaller because like you know how you can see your head through the glass at the corners. Like I'm trying to avoid that a little bit like by having the frames be slightly smaller.
But it's
not
lot.
I feel like I do like them a lot. These are maybe like the smallest ones I've had. I usually have um ones that are like more rectangular like yours but I gave these to try that are a little bit wider.
It
happens
to my
sister.
Yeah. That happens to my sister all the time that like she doesn't wear headbands because they're too tight on her head and they'll give her a headache. Yeah,
so like I have the opposite problem. Mhm.
For everything.
charlie something
That's
one something war war. Warby
Parker. Yeah.
Are
those expensive?
I always felt like they would be expensive.
it's um
yeah, I think they probably would. I mean they have like a wide range and um the thing is you have to know like I guess you've ordered before you said, I don't know if you've ordered online. If you have, you have to like know the distance between your pupil in the center of your head. And so,
Mine's like, minds like 57. It's like in the 50s or 60s usually. So then to give you an idea because um, like, I think they'll send you a little measuring thing so that you can hold it up to your eyes and see what it is. But mine's in the 15th.
Westworld. Yeah.
It's
on
season
three. So you can watch those three seasons.
I don't um,
I was like, enquiring stuff, but I don't play an instrument. I was I learned the piano is like a kid, but I would not say that I play the piano.
No, I had like classes and stuff. But my hands always just felt like they couldn't spread press all the notes you needed to press. Do you put do you flew in?
I want to try guitar, but I know they say like you have to cut your nails really short if you want to play it properly. I don't want to do that.
So I have
not learned
long.
I think that they're like, like right now them cutting them pretty short. But um, they're like long enough that people say it would make a difference. So I haven't, I haven't read it.
that's fancy the flu.
Music.
The sheet music I know how to do and like it ended up paying off when I got older and was inquired because then you have to read the choir music. So then it's helpful.
No. Okay. So it's like the same setup is like when you're playing piano, it tells you what notes to sing or what notes to play on the piano. Um So like, generally someone has that first note for you so you can figure it out, but then you just have to like sight read, it seems. So it's like the same note, the same note up and out up and out kind of thing. So that you can follow the music. Yeah,
I think you
can,
but I mean
like,
it depends
on the foot. Um Right, you have to be good. But like um when at least when I was in high school there was like, as you got into the higher grade, you had to audition. Like you can't join us choir if you said if you are and then like in college, I don't think anyone was trying to join choir if they weren't good.
Yeah, I did in college too.
Yeah, I didn't major in anything and it made her anything like, worthwhile. I measured my classes were just like, whatever you want kind of vibe. I mean, like read this book and tell us about the kind of thing. I like minored in philosophy, it was like five degrees, good for teaching if I decide to stick with it
now. Hey, college, I was supposed to like go into Science or Math or something and then I hate chemistry, so then I just sort of like gave up on science and I thought I'll stick with bath, I do really, I could maybe like it enough to stick with it, but then I had never taken physics and nobody told me that you needed to take physics for like higher math. Then when I got to this, I didn't end up doing very well with the math parts, when I ended up just sticking with english even though, and like when I was when I started thinking I was gonna doing to okay and I know that it's like competitive and interesting. I could do that forever, but I haven't done that so.
Yeah, I kind of wish I had stuck with it, but I don't know if I would have liked it.
Yeah, I had a lot of fun classes though that I did enjoy, but well at least there was
um I said um I said at least I had like some fun glasses that I liked. No, I think.
Yeah, I know a lot of people who went back and I always think maybe I should go back, but I don't know what to do if I went back. So a lot of people are making
Yeah, I do like it a lot. I like I like being a substitute maybe then more than I would like being a teacher because like if you have a terrible students, they're gone tomorrow. New students, so you have to worry about it. I did a little long term position for a second grade class at one of my main schools, so I was their teacher for the first nine weeks, so I like opened the classroom and I taught the students for that first nine weeks. It was I liked it a lot, but I did have like one kid who just did not listen And it wasn't his fault. He had like 80 HD and stuff, but also just he I couldn't figure out like I tried all these different ways of trying to motivate him and I know that like and he had he was like on um he had HD medicine but it wasn't like making a difference. And um he had like crazy background and stuff with his family. His grandparents were telling me like um we don't know what to do but we'll we'll figure it out and um but now when the real teachers back, he's like on new meds, different ones and he's like way better. Like come on, could have been like that for me. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. So I think
we're
good.
I think so yeah, I'm going to jump to the other tab before we close out and see for sure.
Let me free.
I'm not gonna click next yet because I think then it'll shut it but I just want to double check what it says. I mean you can try it.
I think it just says that yeah, once your time is up, when your conversation is complete, come back and continue. So yes,
that's
it.
It was nice to meet you.
Well
bye.
by