No,
how are you?
Mrs it's got us. What's that?
Okay um Is it louder now but actually
I come out there. Mhm.
Good.
No, totally, and then I see it in the in the camera, I'm like oh my gosh,
my son
stuff out of here.
we could.
Well we we I'm working from home which I've been doing for seven months, something like that. And we found that having it in our bedroom, I was constantly having people come through or something to where it was distracting to have a desk in there. So in my son's room where it's a bit quieter, so weird situation
um uh I'm tired of being home I think is what it is, more than anything. It's not that, you know, I appreciate the fact that I can work from home because a lot of people can but I miss the social aspect of being in the office, you know, going to going to lunch with friends, things like that.
Right, We have it, we have a once a week thing with work where they call a happy hour from 4 to 51 day a week. We all just sit around and chat about whatever inflict going to be watching or whatever. It helps with that a little bit. But it's still different than, you know, I used to go out to lunch with someone from work at least a couple times just to just to chat office for a minute. It feels like Groundhog Day a little bit right now. Same day over and over.
So I just wish that my name is Jason by the
way.
Well that's a nice to meet you where
you at?
period.
Gotcha. I'm in sacramento California.
So I'm a long ways from me. I've never been dealt with. So yeah, I'd love to visit someday. Right? Not right now.
I think
it's,
for sure we spend so much on things. That's amazing. And then we spend like billions of dollars on a high speed rail system when we got so many other issues sometimes. Funny that how would how did that become a priority? So yeah, we do spend a lots and get text a lot for sure. My dad lives in Wyoming and his texas are like nothing compared to cars. You know why we just bought a home six months ago during Covid which seems like a crazy time to buy all. Oh
You know we had good and bad timing right after it started after Covid like just started our, we have been renting for quite a while um like seven years we have been in one spot renting and we have the money to buy but didn't really want to buy. The market was still high, especially in soccer and they gave us 30 days to get out and we're like, uh
and our kids, you know, we have two kids at home and two kids away at college. So I'm like, um, no, you know, I don't, I don't want to move right now. It was really crummy. Um, but then we found a home that was under market that was within a half mile. The problem is usually we get a bunch of people to help us move and they were, you know, I didn't
write.
So the good news, good bad news is we have the rental for like two weeks after having the whole great and that they gave you 60 days, about 30 days, 60 days. So we had had enough time to at least get moved. But we like moved just ourselves, which was interesting and exhaustive, but at least it
was only
half a mile. So the only time we had to hire someone to just do our piano and washer and dryer. But it wasn't a great time to buy the good news was rates were a little bit lower at the time, so I've got a pretty good interest rate, but houses are expensive. So.
yeah, and the really nice thing was just for like the first three months of coronavirus and being locked down and stuff. We were like moving and setting up a new home and paint balls, doing all that stuff there. Made it a big distraction from even thinking about. Yes.
Two.
we we really did. It's funny because you're like, I'm so bored, I'm going to work on the garage. Like that takes a special level according to want to work
on
organizing garage. So cool. Do you have kids or No?
No.
Okay. What do you do for work or do you?
How do you like that?
Gosh.
It's not brain.
Just
give me a job and they're like, no, you know
to
Uh, what afraid to
I said, but what if I do like that job?
Gosh,
I'm a computer programmer. So I write software for a company called dealer track. We handle car title. So when you buy a car and they, the bank holds the title elite, we actually hold it on behalf of the lender. So we have like both electronic titling, which a lot of states do an actual physical paper paper titles. We have huge fault here and one in Wilmington. Ohio that big tall just full of paper for all these different lenders. You know when they pay off the loan they said the stuff he's transmitting stuff to the state. So I've been doing that for almost 18 years with this company, which is a crazy amount of time to work for one technology company. Uh huh,
Well I so my wife and I got married in 1997 which makes me really old. Um And
I
you know what, my wife um was 17 when he got in 1987 we had to get a judge's approval to get married. Um But she had been living on her own for two years. She had gotten, what's it called?
There you go. She had been emancipated from a period of 15. She had graduated high school, so it's like she had been living on her own. She wasn't a typical 17, she's a lot more mature than my my older kids who are 21 almost 19. So weird situation. But um yeah, we've been been married for a long time. But I I worked as a plumber for a year just in colorado for my uncle, don't work for relatives. Uh You know what? It actually became all right by the end. But it was something I did not want to do working outside when it was five degrees in winter was not super fun. So we moved back here and I got a temp job doing software testing the company that was supposed to be like two weeks. And it turned into a year long job. And then I got laid off along with about a third of the company. Then I was at church telling someone that, hey, I got laid off from my job and this is what I do. Somebody overheard that and I got hired as a software tester for another company that this is 1999 something like that. And um they, I helped them test and then they taught me how to program because they needed more programmers and was hard to find him and a propensity for it. So I worked there for about four years and then a friend that had worked at that company went to a new one who said, hey, you really should apply here. Um That's where I've been for the last 18 years. So yeah, it's a long time to be doing. Uh huh. Software development definitely. Things have changed so much since I started now, which has been programmed for just about 20 years. Uh huh. And completely different languages, completely different everything over the years, You know, So even even at the company on that I'm ready. Totally different languages than when I started. Yeah. Isn't out of the norm, but it makes it difficult, you know? You're
which?
have a guy in one of our systems that was in his eighties and he was the only one that knew how to run the program, the only person and we had to do like nationwide hunts to find anyone that even knew that technology so they can train them how to run that. We've gotten rid of it thankfully now because he like Rage quit one day. But that's, that's uh, he was a grumpy old man for a reason. Oh, but it was, it was, it's been weird. There's, I mean, we write technology, right? Software in so many different technologies and languages. It's crazy. I like it. I'm, I love being outdoors and hunting and fishing and being away from people like more than anything. So having a job that's technology related as weird as heck because I generally have to work in or near a large metropolitan area. So I would love to live out in the middle of Wyoming with no one around. Um But the reality is, you know, my kids, you know have really good schools because they're close to living in the suburbs. So you know, I'll make it out there to the middle of somewhere someday just anytime soon. So yeah.
Yeah, for sure. It's not that I'm anti social because I'm not anti social, but like sometimes you want to hang out in your backyard without hearing cars driving down the road, the neighbor dog barking and another neighbor arguing with his wife. And like I don't need to know that much that homely neighbors. I would prefer to be nice and quiet.
josh.
I don't.
for sure. There's there's some homes right down the road that have like three ft of backyard, like 84 ft. Like you can't even barbecue in that space. Never mind. Like now we don't have a huge backyard. But um you know with the house we were like we got to get one now when it was under marketing, we said okay bye. So that day
my
mom, my son like three acres and it's nice.
gosh
we did, we didn't have very much time and we only had a certain number of homes and this one had been on and off the market and it was because a husband and wife were going through a divorce and they could not agree on how much it should be sold for. They couldn't agree on what they should fix and not fixed, they can agree on. And it actually made the process way longer than it should have been because he was like not citing stuff just out of spite because he didn't want his wife to be happy for any reason if he was shooting himself in the foot. So I think that's part of the reason we got a good deal on the house because nobody else wanted to put up with it. Okay well tell me.
we probably got
it for 20,000 cheaper than we put off otherwise.
No.
Yeah and in fact we bought it as is with a lot of little problems but I'm pretty handy so it's like the sprinkler system was broken in like and the pain is a bunch of little things that were both time and not money so I didn't mind like Ok
different.
Bye.
Yeah. Which we got a credit for for the pain in the east and my son, he works for Home Depot. He worked for the one here but now he's moved and worked for another one. But it was every day I was okay by this and this and this every day from three months just by stuff constantly because I need something to deal with some problems. Uh Yeah, overall it's been it's been great and I'm glad it's taken our mind off. It stinks.
We
in Hong
kong
it's
about
right home people and laws have been having like record quarters because
they're constantly packed. My son working at home devote. It's $100 bonus every week because during this time of Covid they've been getting it for months because of how packed they are all the time. They're like working a pretty damn hard because they have so many people coming in all the time. It's it's crazy to me so
great.
I mean the price of numbers way up, you couldn't find like a a blow up pool anywhere in the area for months.
No
serious.
Yeah, they might be those, oh we're we're excited to have it at least like you said, we have a place to settle down, you know, grab a bunch of groceries and not have to leave too often even though that's all I want to do is get outside.
But it's been so California was so smoky for months this summer and hot. So you just didn't leave the house on top of prove it, you just didn't leave the house because it was unhealthy outside. So it's finally getting although today I think it's still 90 degrees, that's 86 that's not too bad. But it was 84 a couple of days ago, supposed to start cooling down. So excited about that because I'm so secure in the house.
it's sort of the tomatoes here. We we've grown up multiple times. We didn't grow any this year because we were moving this one, but in prior years we've made salsa gardens with lots of tomatoes and onions and peppers and stuff like that. And the tomatoes are always, and I mean California Valley tomatoes for what? Why grow and get across so well, I just of tomatoes then they taste so much better than buying from the store and their own if you're right.
Between tomatoes and strawberries are the same way, like sometimes you get a strawberry and you're like water
the heck it's messed up,
So
thank
you
first.
That's not a bad idea because
we don't
have
the doctor.
Hello.
That's
crazy,
jeez,
great.
that
wasn't too bad. So
I haven't done what, at least before I do
does this
happy?
Right? And I understand that. So, who? Oh, thank you very much. That was lot better than right.
There's even
hope. Yes, I was a kid. Who am I going to get connected this. It
could have been horrible.
So
We'll
have
greater
Very
easy.
Great, awesome.
We'll have
rest of your day. All right.