Hello there.
Fine, thank you. Yeah. Uh huh.
I'm sorry. You're a little bit quiet.
it is. Yeah, it's fine now.
Okay, great. Michael had started a timer. So
it's a, it's a little bit difficult. I know when they only let you start at the exact time. And so like I was sort of like, okay, do I look a mess and yeah, I totally understand where you're coming from. You don't really look at your environment sometimes until somebody else is going to be looking at it.
Hey,
well
it looks fine for the brief moment it was there. So
no worries.
I get the sense maybe you're tired of working from home from the way you said it.
absolutely. And I heard, I heard a podcast recently, I think it's like planet Money or something. And they were talking about bars when bars closed down with prohibition. Uh, there was a lot less innovation, a lot fewer patents and I think it's a lot of the same idea where so many of our ideas and some of these things percolate from just chance encounters with other people are like, you're sort of working on things in the back of your mind while you're chatting, like. So it is, it is, it is surprisingly important to have those kinds of just social interactions too.
yeah, I understand that.
My
name's melissa,
to meet
you. I am in Illinois. I am in the aurora area, so
northern half driving distance of Chicago but kind of like where it starts to turn into cornfields again.
Whoa.
Yeah. Not right now, our governor is very, we're still very tightened down and they are quarantine
restrictions in Chicago and yeah, it's very tight. Um, Illinois is fine. I wouldn't recommend living here. It's very high taxes, very high taxes.
A lot of pension issues. Probably a lot of same stuff California has been going through, I think I usually see you guys kind of high on the list of you know most bankrupt states Illinois for sure and somewhere making the top 10 is California I think.
you're very you're very lucky that you could get that done. We tried and the market was so insane like no we do, we just couldn't get, we couldn't get it done and we couldn't come up with the extra money to make it happen, it was just insane.
Oh.
everybody's like we're
not going out. Yeah.
for
you.
Yeah. At least at least you had someplace to batten down after that and going forward if they do it again like. Yeah.
absolutely, It's good
to have stuff to keep you busy. We we rent so same thing like you and we've been here for a while so you know where everything is, where it needs to be, we had a few things to do, small projects, you know, I'm trying to finish the table things like that. Um But it's when you're home and you're home all day, every day you get through, that looks pretty quick. Yeah.
No.
Absolutely.
No, no kids
just me and my husband right now. Yeah,
I am a part time legal secretary and. Yeah.
Not the job I it's not the job I started out to do. Uh I don't know, it's a family business, it's our family of my father in law, so he treats me really well, pays me fairly, I have a much better employment situation than I would just as a general market. Uh But I don't love the work. Uh And and his personality, it's funny his personality can get to me. Uh My husband is sort of a he's very similar to my husband. And so the things that drive me crazy about my husband drives me crazy about him. At one point I worked with both of them. But yeah, it can be it can be a that part can be a lot. And that that was one of the curious things like they warn you about working with family. But I think it just sort of it wasn't so much family, it was that it amplified like the worst dynamics of my interactions with my husband.
But
but it's a good position. I I trained to be a librarian. So it's not it's not what I saw myself. Yeah. The last time I danced a crash I had a good position. I was running a small religious library. A lot of autonomy, loved it. A lot of different variety of my task. I lost that job and then my husband was tied to finishing grad school where we were so I decided to stay with him rather than to move for work. And it just never quite worked out to get back into that industry. A lot of competition. But then like I think this happens in other industries to, they don't want to hire someone who's super overqualified to do less than their qualified for. Um Yeah, so
like,
I mean
I would have been the circulation clerk but they didn't want to hire me to be the circulation clerk or the, you know because Yeah. Yeah. It's funny to me the way that sometimes hiring people make assumptions about like you won't stay or you know, you won't like the job. Yeah. Oh well
what what?
I know right? The
whole thing of like there was a point in my life where I got sick for a while and I was like I need I need to be working at something that's less stressful and less intense. But yeah, it's really hard to step back down in your career sometimes. Um So what kind of work do you do?
Yeah, that's also a very early start in tech of how did you get into doing that?
Well, you well you're you're not well, I don't know how old you were when you got married, but
I could, I could have legally got married in 97. Like he might not be that much older than me.
Emancipated.
I remember with
with all the stories of unemployment problems, they were saying they were they were finding people who did some dialogue, some language from the seventies or something that wasn't really used anymore except it's still right on these ancient systems. Yeah.
My husband works in the Joliet metro area, which is sort of a it's a large area south of Chicago. Uh So we've been thinking we keep thinking let's get a house over there so he doesn't have such commute and uh but I'm the same way my heart's in the country, I don't I don't want to live in Joliet, I don't want to be in the suburbs right around Juliet, so it's been sort of a tug of war for us. Yeah.
we went looking for a house and well when we went to a showing and it was the street that was mostly duplexes and we had to wait for a realtor to get there. So we're sort of walking up and down the street and um I just remember that it was it was sort of early covid people had to be at home, so there were a lot of people like hang out in their yards and whatever and the released one couple that was having like a screaming fight in their front yard and I'm like, oh I see that like that they were
but
yeah, I kind of I have the same thought of like I'd rather be on in a single house that has some buffer zone all the way around. I get a little worried when I see all the little downtown houses that like you could reach out and touch your neighbor's house from your window, stuff like that, you know.
My
parents,
yeah. My parents uh said well sometimes you just have to buy and just when you have to buy you just pick the best house. Because I was I was basically asking them how did you find the house we had growing up then? And they were basically saying there were three available houses that made met our criteria and this one we like this in the past. I don't know if they say there is that there is the problem of too much choice. So at least you have a constraint
to help you. Yeah.
Yeah. I've always heard uh So so they do some real estate law in the office I worked for and they have always said buy in winter and try to find either a divorced couple or like a divorcing couple or in a state where the kid just doesn't want to deal with it. Those are like your best like deals. But Yeah. Yeah.
And
and it probably helped you too. That was on and off the market because sometimes I see that and think it
must be failing the inspection on something that they don't want to fix every time. But but yeah, the divorce scenario totally makes sense to me.
Well and then you know then you know it's getting done right because
like they had the rental painted before before they before it changed hands last time and they got the cheapest painter and he made a lot of mistakes but also paid it over like the edges of a lot of the wood trim and stuff. Like
it was just a really sloppy job, you know as and you know or they put down new carpet but it was the absolute bottom to your carpet. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that. I just I just assumed especially if they give you credit on just as soon do it myself.
My brother bought a house at the beginning of the year and at the same time I think he's been continually just every every time I talk to and there's some new thing he's been fixing or upgrading or you know just
because
it's
not crazy,
you
know it's not new. So a lot of things are wearing out.
Well yeah.
it seems kind of weird to me too. Like there's still like a finite amount of stuff that you can like who are fixed around the house. I mean,
no.
I recently heard that you can't, if you can't find a refrigerator because uh huh. Well, so when people were buying freezers at the beginning of Covid, some people were just buying a second fridge once they couldn't find freezers because at least it comes with a thumb freezer. So then,
you know, spike and then they were rolling out rolling closures at the factories. So yeah, for a while it was sort of a take what you can get.
But my neighbor had a fridge delivered the other day. I don't know if she bought three months ago or if they're finally catching up.
And
I do envy the length of the growing season out there because I garden a little, I'm watching my last tomato plants. I think it's got two or three more days and then it's gone. So yeah, when you're talking about is 80 degrees. Oh, I'd have beautiful tomatoes and 80 degrees.
I read a fascinating thing about that, that they had a certain tomato that they grew up until picking got mechanized and then they had to change the breed so that it would be uh you know, not crush your bruise so that it could be picked mechanically and shipped long distances. And so that's where the flavor went. They sort of bread it out in favor of of making it easy to mechanically picking and take long trips to market.
I know,
You
know, you can grow Alpine strawberries, they're real small plants, but they give these little give little berries, but they're just intensely flavorful and they're real easy to grow. Um You know, they'll take as much maintenance as, you know, the
ones
that put out runners and try to take over your yard.
But yeah, I have those in some planters over the railing
and
you can
grow,
you can grow yellow ones. That's what I grow because the birds don't see them. So the birds don't pick them really.
I don't know how, I don't know how that works that they only see the red ones. But, but it's a thing amongst the gardeners I heard from another gardener. And sure enough, it works for me because
I used to
grow the red Alpine and the yellow Alpine and the red ones always had the little bird holes in them.
So we have hit 25 minutes. We're allowed to stop. Nice
meeting you. Good talking
to you.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. I've done several.
There's
a there's a survey that you do afterwards and Yeah.
That
you fear.
Hi.
I hear you. Hi.
Area. Well, if
you
choose to
do it again, everybody I've met on here. It's been it's been good.
It's
been good. Everybody is a reasonable, so
Already
take care.