mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hi, it's
going pretty good, how are you?
Um well I'm in Georgia so it's uh it
has been getting colder but it's like 60, so
it's
cold to me, but I don't know, I don't know how cold it is, where you are.
definitely,
definitely, I don't like the cold, but Like went to like it's cold to me once it gets like 60, so I'm also getting used to it, but it felt pretty nice today, it was in the 70s, so yeah,
so um
Yes I have, yeah, I was born I was born here and uh now I'm in college
I go
to Georgia tech, so so that's where I'm at right now. Um
Yeah, so yeah, I've always I've always looked like in the same area like like in the middle middle part of Georgia. So yeah the weather is I'm kind of used to it, but it changes so much because in the summer it will be you know Like 90s and then in the winters it can get down to like 30s and 20s so. Mhm.
I know. Um
actually last year Uh till the 19 By this time it was already like in the 40s but it's strange, it hasn't it hasn't, it's not as cold as it normally would be by now so it'll
probably it'll probably come in probably like later this month or by december. Yeah.
I wouldn't say too much, it's like we have like spells where it just rains for like a week straight and then we'll go like a month or two without rain. So yeah, so and it normally rains
more in like january and february, it rained a lot. Um But you know like sometimes like summer months like it won't rain at all in the summer. So. Yeah so the weather here is pretty is pretty. It changes a lot. Yeah
and it's very
very
very humid when he gets hot.
Thank
you.
They're definitely, yeah, there's one on the table and on my laptop right now, so there's a lot of bugs. Yeah. The farthest out west I've been is phoenix Arizona. Um
I went there for like a
there's another one I was there for like a science competition and it was it was in May And it was the same temperature as it was in Georgia. It was like 95 or something, but There was no humidity
so it felt a lot better than it would like here in Georgia where the humidity is like 90%, you know, it's just like sticky.
Yes.
This uh
Well yeah that's um it's the I think it's the Bank of America building. It's it's the tallest is the tallest building in Atlanta. Um And it kind of at nighttime like this top part right here it like uh it glows bright orange and it looks like a big pencil so it's like it's nickname is the pencil building.
Yeah there's
like
coca cola's headquarters is in Atlanta and actually wanna wonder, I can see the building from here. I wonder if I can show you. Um It's actually it's that building right there. Yeah.
I'm not sure that you can see it but it says it
says coca cola on it so
it's right next to our campus. Um. Mhm. Yeah. I've never I've never like I've never like been over there but
it's pretty cool. Yeah
and we have the uh the world of coke also which is um not far from here, it's like I've never been there, but I've heard that they just have like every type of soda you can imagine like on tap to try so. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't I don't drink much coke myself though. I'm not the sort of person. Mhm.
that's
Yeah. The world of coke yet and they have like the history of all the coke products and whatnot.
And let's see uh right here,
you can barely see it, but like there's like a liner here is like our football stadium, you can see from here. Um
I think it's, I think it is like the oldest football stadium in like college football, like in college football, which I guess that's pretty cool. I'm not a big football person
myself, but. Mhm. Yeah.
It is, it is pretty big. It takes a lot, Yeah, it's massive. Mhm.
Shit. Mhm.
I'm a biochemistry major. Mhm.
Yeah,
so I'm in my second year, so like I'm just getting into like the like the hard classes. Um Yeah,
and I'm um I've been deciding whether I want to do a minor in computer science
or not. I've taken a couple of computer science classes, just like see if I like it and yeah, so I have to decide whether I want to do that or not next semester. Um And yeah, and if I don't do a computer science major, I'm going to do like a a help and medical sciences major or minor, I mean um so yeah, I'm doing I'm doing like pre health biochemistry. Um So I don't I don't necessarily want to go to med school, but I want to be like in the healthcare industry and uh yeah, I guess like my goal is to do like research on medicines. Mhm. Like pharmaceuticals.
that's what
I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking,
thanks.
it's
is definitely is difficult, but I don't know, I feel like I feel like I'm not I'm like science minded. So like when I look at like people who do like engineering or like computer science, I just feel like that would be harder. But you know, I talked to them and they say chemistry is harder, so it's it's just like it's the way you think, I guess. Okay.
Just the way they think about critical, like the way they solve their problems, it's like a scientist thinks very differently than an engineer in terms of like working out a solution.
Yeah. Yeah, since high school um Actually
when like when I was in like a junior high I wanted to do like engineering or architecture um and like I still wanted I still wanted to go to Georgia tech because it's like a it's a really good, you know, one of the better engineering schools and they also have a a nice architecture program. Um Yeah, but when I got into high school I took a biotechnology class um where we had to like work on research projects and present them in science fairs and like like I just fell in love with that and like going through that process, so I did that for three years of high school. Um
And eventually by my last year I like I was the project project me and a partner worked on who's actually my roommate here. Um Yeah, project we worked on, we got invited
to
go to an international science fair which was in phoenix, which is the fair in phoenix. So yeah so Yeah I've been doing like like science research and stuff uh since like 10th grade. So
the senior the senior year project we um so there's like this like this insect in Georgia, it's really like all in the southeast called the southern pine beetle. Um And it's this beetle, it's like it's a pest, it's um it's what it does is it like it climbs into like the top of a pine tree and um it will burrow into the pine tree and um normally what happens is like a female beetle we'll enter the tree and uh like releases like a pheromone to attract a lot of other beetles and then they all flock, they like swarm the tree and then they you know they burrow inside and they end up killing the tree and then they'll go from one tree to the next to the next to the next. And um okay in Georgia we have a lot of forests that are only pine trees because so like back in the in the Great Depression or
Back like in the early 1900 and stuff like we only had cotton uh like farms in Georgia. Um and then there was an insect called the boll weevil that hit and knocked out all the cotton farms. So during the Great Depression, during the new deal, um like one of the programs they did was plant forests
and
they planted pine forests. Uh
it was only pine trees. And normally the pine beetles wouldn't be
problem
because
they would only get a couple of trees, but since we planted these forests that we're all pine trees, the pine beetles are a really big problem because they can spread really easily. Um So we wanted we wanted to make something to help like fix this problem, right? Um So we we tried
to make like
like an insecticide that was specifically targeted for pine beetles. Um and like because the pine beetles, they're attracted to like the smell of pine and they're also attracted to the the uh like the smell that the females release. So we made an insecticide that used both of those like compounds, like both of those smelling
both the compounds that make the smell.
And
we also got like a a natural safe pesticide
from that you can
extract from daisy flowers.
and we extracted that and then we combine them to make a
insecticide that
you know specifically targets and like kills these pine beetles. And um and then we did we did a couple of tests of like uh
we went out and we found beetles and like we made like a chamber and tested uh you know to see if they were attracted
and
it
would kill them and it worked for the most part. So yeah.
So
no
it was it was it was really it
rough.
It like it definitely definitely could've been like cleaned up and like nicer because we just didn't have the resources. Like all the resources.
We
did what what we could. But yeah that was that was the that was the basic gist of it. Mhm.
Thank
you.
yeah see
that that goes back to like us not having the resources because um if you were if you're going to do that like actually and like make like a real like sellable project with it, you would probably have to chemically extract the pesticide. Uh But the way we did it is we just like first we like dried out the daisy flowers.
And um well we did it and
we added this one chemical to it uh that it like forms like crystals,
it would form crystals on the flowers that you could you know take off and that would be the pesticide. Um But
it was very it was very crude. It was not it wasn't pure yeah so yeah and uh
like all the information on that was already
like available, like we found it um because the pesticide is called pyrethrum and it's been like it's
been used
for
centuries as a as a pesticide because it's so it's so easy to obtain. Yeah and it's also it's also very safe. Which is something we
um something we like aimed for because in order to like use this pest like this insecticide we would have to like spray onto trees. Um And so we wanted
something that was like very safe for the environment that didn't contain like like a lot of synthetic chemicals
that would
you
know,
be like toxic to the tree or
any like
wildlife.
Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. So um yeah I worked on that with my with a partner who is now my roommate, he's also a biochemistry major. Um So yeah so we went to high school together and now we've come to college together. Yeah so that's nice.
Like I have a
it is yeah.
Like
like with
a liquid covid. Yeah. So um yeah all the classes I'm taking right now are online. Like yeah they're virtual. We like I attend lectures like on the zoom call. Um
that's pretty except for my lab, like I still meet in person from my lab, but it's only three people or four people in the room at a time. And we're very spaced out. Yeah. And um any any time you're in a building on campus, uh you have to have a mask on and like I don't have a mask on right now because I'm by myself over here. But yeah, so can we do weekly testing? So yeah, they have,
yeah, they have free weekly testing and they have like four locations on
campus
where you can just walk up and you do a little, you do a little spit test and They get back in a day or two. So I think we do about 1500 tests a day. Okay? So yeah,
so they they're being like they're taking
a lot of like a lot of precautions and I think yeah so yeah a lot of like they're doing
to like slow the spread and there hasn't there hasn't been like a major outbreak here on this campus. Um Which is good because
yeah I wouldn't I like I like being on campus and like in the city. Yeah.
definitely,
definitely.
Yeah it was yeah last year it was the campus was always packed is you know just like there's always people everywhere and a lot of events going on and you know big lecture halls of like 2 300 people. Um but now it's like right Mhm. There's like you
know like right like right now there's like nobody outside and mm.
um It's
it's an on
campus apartment. Um
Yeah so it's uh it's like a it's like an apartment each like there's four of us, well there's three of us, it's a four person apartment. Um But and there's three of us in mine and we each have our own room and we share a kitchen and whatnot. So, so yeah.
It definitely is like there's a lot of people who a lot of like, like out of state students and international students who who did not return to campus and I know like freshman housing,
they Is normally two people in one room and this semester they've got rid of that. So Like there's not like the traditional two people in one room, they moved like all the freshmen are in apartments now, so they have their own room. Okay.
so yeah, so they they've done that to prevent the spread and.
So
well uh my first year I had I had like a meal plan, so I would go to like the dining halls, we have three dining halls on campus. Um and I would go there, you know, I would go there every day to eat, but
this
semester I do not have
plan, so like I make all my food in my kitchen, so I haven't, I haven't been to the dining halls so I'm not like they're still open um but I haven't like been into them, so I don't know how it goes. Um I know a lot of them have like they've made like ready meals that
you can just walk in and pick up so you don't have to you don't have to
like
sit in and like sit down. Yeah.
Yeah.
But
everybody, everybody is like everybody on campus is respectful, you know like everybody wears their masks and even even like in the city in Atlanta in midtown, you know, you you rarely see people who are not like wearing mask
and
like
you know keeping distance. So it's been it's been it's been pretty it's been pretty good. Um
Even even even though overall I think in the country
it's getting worse.
I think here we have a pretty good like system going so.
definitely.
It
is
all
the
time.
It's
Over the summer, over this past summer I did um classes online from home and it's nowhere near the same as you know, staying home all day and like you know being like only in your room. Um it's nice like I came back to campus for the fall so that I could like go to the library and go to like you know different buildings and stuff to study Because it's just a lot it's a lot you have a lot more motivation when you're like out on campus. It's a lot easier to get work done and stay focused and. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah
it is it's a it's been a weird semester but I think it's been pretty good. There hasn't been it hasn't been too stressful, it hasn't been too you know like scary, It's been it's been nice so. Yeah.
think let's see um
they still they still have football games which is like they still have a like fans of the football games which I'm not too sure about. I think they I think they really like limit the amount of people who can go. Um But no they're like
because like last year there on the
on the walkways and like on the green, like the lawn, like the front lawn there was every day like people with boots out and like a lot of people you know doing stuff. Oh but now there's none of that I think all the events all social events are held
virtually.
Yeah
so it's definitely
harder
to like meet people. Um But it's I don't know it's is still yeah they're still doing social events. It's just virtual and Yeah so I don't know I guess that's that's one bad part. Yeah.
I mean yeah So well I think it's been 25 minutes so so
it's
to you
all
right thank you so much. Bye.
Have a nice day.