Hi, how are you? I'm good thanks. So they didn't really give us anything to talk about unless I missed that part. Yeah.
Okay. Um So tell me about yourself I guess. Mhm.
Stop
nothing. Yeah.
Well we kind of a bad connection. I call that your map from Cincinnati.
I'm Brittany from south Carolina. I um I am basically a state of my mom to my one year old son, but I also do the prolific and amazon mturk and grids face and all of that. Or a little bit of extra cash. Mhm.
Uh huh. Around
Green bowl,
you hear about,
you gotta gamble quite a bit. Yeah.
Yeah. Apparently it's pretty much luck about getting on the insert. And I've honestly been trying for years pretty much since it first came out, like Doing what I'm doing now. I'm bringing in the money from home that I am I have been has been like a goal and I was probably 16. And
our
It
does yeah I've brought in in the last couple months if I was to put full time hours into it then I would be bringing home a full time check.
Like
not like an amazing paying but not minimum wage either. So.
Right.
But
at this point I probably return more work than I actually do. So just because like having to quit because of a stinky diaper or whatever. I have no idea. Mhm. Sorry the Batteries to our Xbox one controller that and my husband is sleeping starter. And I honestly the heart attack I felt like I'd probably put it up somewhere where I wouldn't lose it. Yeah. So that's how most things get lost around here though. It
irresistible
as
you don't lose up. So you live by yourself
home.
wow. I lost
stuff. Everyone I live by myself. Maybe. Maybe it's a woman thing. Yeah. Yeah.
His name's Troy. Yeah.
And he's 13 months. What? Okay. Go into play with his friends. My husband. Oh yeah, sure. Well sitting still. Yeah.
So how long have you been on prolific? Oh.
It
is.
Oh I have. Yeah. Yeah, it's great. Um Have you tried good space mixer?
Um so it's about service what it is is usually um and I've been on it for a little less than a month and there's been three mixers and so they um have a time and you call this number and then like you will kind of role play different situations like last time it was like tech and call center. So one person will be the technician and then the other person was working at a call center and you have job numbers and everything And then it only pays $0.45 a minute. But it hasn't really quick. Like I probably only did 27 calls at about two minutes to call and got $25.
No.
All
right. Oh yeah. So it's grid space. G. R. I. D. S. P. A. C. E. And then mixer M. I. X. Er
Like it keeps its okay. It keeps breaking up so grid like um
And
then you have to get mixed her like mixed drink mixer. His grid space by itself is something else. Yeah. Yeah.
And so if you're looking for jobs like that, like you can always join the good taste Mixer Reddit. And um like the prolific credit. They're not as active as like the credit, but uh yeah.
Murder
and other overhead. Mm
You're
on what?
I'm a member. I'm a lurker today.
I
don't know. Well, it seems like everything I have to say, somebody's already said it, so. Right.
No.
Particle
I
don't care about that. It's kind of like I'm not a troll, but it's kind of fun. Like if people get mad at just what I'm naturally saying.
Do they?
No.
I'm
not, I don't even over at it had points.
Like when I say I'm a lurker, I think I've made to reddit post like my whole life. I go on there for all kind of to read what other people have to say about all kinds of stuff. But I really played. Yeah.
but
Mhm.
I
did not even know they had points.
Uh uh I will, I'll look into it. So are you all under um any kind of quarantine or have you already opened?
Close it back down.
Go to bed.
Oh, you're opening? Okay.
Well, I don't know. South Carolina has been pretty much open the whole time,
but
not bar. I don't I don't know. I can't say that like bars or anything. I think they closed down for a little while. I don't I would Mom pushing 30. It's the bars are not something to do
very
often. Uh huh.
All
Thanks.
Can you just call them?
And we um my mom and her girlfriend have built a bar. Yeah,
like on their property, it's like a legit bar. It's got a pool table and arcade games and air hockey, everything.
No, they put a building on the property. Just what separate?
Yeah. Well they have she shares like they both got it, they both have a building and then they have a building for their toys, like the four wheelers and reading and stuff and then they have the bar. I think they were talking about putting a um workshop out there.
It is, Yeah.
No. Um so my mom, she does, she used to own this company called zombies Plus and they would make all kinds of stuff most of it. Like she got in trouble a couple times for copyright, but so she would do like all these horror movie icons, Pennywise, pinhead, Michael Myers is a big seller. And so then she was the original maker of Zom baby, like the painting baby dolls up to look like zombies. She was the original, she did it before anybody else did. And
sure, maybe. Well, it's definitely a it's an authority for this. You have to, you have to be a certain kind of person to hurt his own babies. Like you have to have certain interests.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you could say that. I mean really just the people who are super into horror movies and stuff. Um I don't know. I'm sure there's a name for them. There's a name for everything. I'm not one of them. If I was in a community, it would be like groaned as different as fans.
Do you are you a Disney Francisco?
So this is like your favorite all time movie is your favorite Disney movies?
I don't know. My favorites are some of the newer ones. Like I think my favorite is um, the one for the girlfriend brave. And then uh Joanna would probably be my second.
It's really good because like the rock plays um she doesn't have a love interest, like most other Disney princesses, but he's the male counterpart I guess.
Yeah. I just recently watched Coco.
It was pretty
No. Yeah. Well I really, I kind of had, I kind of fell out of keeping up with them and then my son loves to anything with music and Disney is just so safe. Like I can disturb it on and I have to worry about what they're saying or what they're doing. Oh my goodness, Hamilton is on Disney Plus. Yeah.
I wanted to watch it and I started to watch it but it's like there's Six customers in the beginning and I'm sitting there with my 13 month old and I'm like why did you do this to me? Disney?
I don't know. Yeah. I mostly just have the tv on. I need him dizzy.
Wait on what?
Right. Well, I probably wasn't, I don't know. It was just such a big deal that when it was on there and like I'm hanging for Disney Casino way, like I probably would have paid to try to watch it. But like I said, it was just such a big deal and I was flipping through and it was there and it's like, why not?
All
Pretty. No, I didn't I don't have very distinct less like I have to I think.
Yeah, I have a son. I have a kid.
Okay. Well, it's like, I don't know. Just see every kid needs Disney. Right. So
And like thanks. There's stuff on, I guess I put it on Youtube, but it's hard to find like the whole movies on Youtube
and
then plus it has all the Disney junior shows on it and like the tulou dropped Henry Huggel monster, that's one of his favorite, but you don't have to know what I'm talking about, it's perfectly acceptable for a grown man not to know what Henry has monster is.
yeah. So how long have you been to your girlfriend? Okay.
All
Maybe the holidays.
Mhm. That's good.
Yes, we are, we're married. It'll be three years in the in december
and
No,
I mean yes, but not any more than any two people who live together um like he says it's his job to drive me crazy. So that's like I'm a husband, but if he wasn't here to do it, I'd miss it.
It
Right.
I don't know. Sure.
No, I grew up in Alabama and all of my family is there like all of them, my mom was here but she's the only one. She moved up here many, many years. I followed a few years after. Uh huh.
Clinton. Right.
No, no, it doesn't sound like backwards Alabama.
You
know, I wouldn't call clinton anything other than backwards, especially since I'm not even from clinton, I'm from near plant in the town that I grew up in is called verbena and it's not even on the county map. It is so small at school. We they had the county math up and they had to put a star where her sound one
because it's not even there but
officially.
You know.
But
Not
No.
But
right. Yeah. Montgomery can be fun. Uh
My party place was always Birmingham house. Yeah.
Well, I mean like, I don't know when you live there, you don't usually go to the place for people who don't live there. Go like I went to this little bitty. Um It was not even like a real bar. It was a private club so you can bring your own stuff in and stuff. And that was our bar.
This is James
game
next
to what?
It
Uh huh. I'm sorry. What?
I am an Alabama fan. Kind of like you know where you offer to you. Are you shaking your it problem?
But I'm not like hard for I think because I've lived in south Carolina so long, like it doesn't even matter anymore. But if I had to pick and like I can't root for Clemson now because like it's tigers and auburn tiger and I just can't get past it. So there's a little bit of that. Like I think that should read into you mm
and
help us.
It's like what?
Is it
Um I don't know. I don't think I've ever actually been to clinton. I've seen signs, so it's probably not that far away. Oh yeah. Um I don't know. Ask me questions about like stuff That far away from you have to remember I've been trying like as hard as I can to work from home since I was 16. Like I'm such an introvert. It's not funny. I get my little circle and I find my cool places and pretty much stick to it unless there's something really cool and I don't know if clinton just doesn't have anything cool enough for me to go after. Yeah.
All right. Usually if I go anywhere like out of the norm, it's north Carolina. Uh huh.
Yeah. Go to wear.
actual, I've been to Asheville. I don't like regularly go to Asheville.
Yeah.
But
we usually, we usually go to this little bitty town way up in the mountains. Like it's a really hard rain. The roads are blocked off called chimney rock.
It's gorgeous. That's the place to go if you want like a mountain vacation and yeah,
out.
it is there. Time up.
I forgot to look
awesome. Thank you.
I,
I will. Bye.