Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Thank you for sure. Mhm. Yeah. Come on. Mm hmm. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Come on. Right. I am. Mhm Uh huh. Mm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Uh huh Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. All right. Okay. Right. Whoa. Yeah, awesome I believe. Mm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, really? Yeah. Look, okay. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Hello?
I'm doing well. Thank
you for showing up. Yeah.
this will be the third conversation that I've had, but I've had two people will not show up. So it's always better when someone does show up. So, so I'm gary,
it's a pleasure to meet you. So what would you like to talk about?
They
kind of leave it up to start they
I'm a research analyst for an aerospace company
and
it's based in Hartford Connecticut but we have a live in Lexington Kentucky or that area and we have a small annex office here, a small lab. So what about you? What do you do?
No I was in California from
the
second weekend, March through the end of april in san Francisco. So right
when the
shutdown
go ahead.
Early.
Yeah I think they have the other people have spoken with through this one was in new york city that was yesterday and then the other person was in Seattle. So I think they're trying to geographically bring different people together. So I think it's
Don't from the information that gave us, I'm not sure what they're wanting to develop with this information. Other than I think the questionnaires afterwards kind of gives you an idea is to there must be building a
model based upon how well people from different backgrounds and different um geographical areas can interact um without any notice or without any direction as to what to speak speak about. So that's another thing I can think of. The reason they would be paying people to do this.
So
yeah, exactly. That's, that is, I think there's a lot of research into that right now. So um, I like your apple earbuds. I've been trying to get, I use google and so I've been looking at the different google and bows versions and I just haven't to stick with this wired one. It seems to work well, it's kind of difficult for me to justify these, I can spend $20 on and those are like to 75. It's
well when you lose them and they're only 20 bucks it's a lot easier to uh
you know you don't have such a nervous breakdown as if you lose one of two and just replacing one is almost the cost of buying a pair. So um what hobbies do you have?
that's interesting. Um
Well I like the outdoor activities also biking, hiking and my favorite thing to do activity wise is there is a um membership club here with the pool. They have an olympic sized pool and you can reserve a lane and they just have people in every other lane so you can you know be relatively safe even without the mask on. So I enjoy doing that three or four days a week or whenever they have the availability that based upon my schedule because I've always I've still maintained going into the lab to work because we've been deemed essential. Um
We have government contracts that have to be arrive on time. So we are work didn't wasn't involved even when I was in san Francisco when everything else was shut down, I still went in every day. Uh It was, yeah. Did
you ever get out during the lockdown and drive around? Just look uh it was it was surreal. I was talking to my sister one day. I was going beyond through san Francisco on a saturday at 1 30. I was the only car.
everything's
opened
up.
So you were there around the time. They had all the uh environmental problems from the virus. So
it was just some of the areas that I went to were completely devastated. And so for me even being here in Kentucky it made it more real because
those were places that that I visited and even spent time at just a few months ago. So um what about for work uh your student? But do you do anything for work or you just a student?
What?
that's interesting. It
keeps you busy. I have
my nephews oldest daughter is in college and that Oster Georgia and she does the same thing, she goes to class but she also has another but she ends up getting 35 or 40 hours a week
even though it's considered part time.
And she said she'd rather do that than sit at home because she has enough time to do her class work on her lab work. As you know while the time that she has set aside for the school the rest of the time she would rather work than sit at home. So she doesn't like not having something to do so.
I've only two months ago learned about this. I didn't even know I had never done this before. Then a friend of mine, his wife was telling me that she did surveys with a company called Opinion outpost and then she did these also and because she knows that yeah, I don't want to do the ones just the little 10 minute things that pay you 50 cents. These are interesting, the more interactive and you know, you need to talk with different people. I think that's fun. So uh like these and prolific UNT uh actually looked on did an online search to see if there's any others like this.
And so
far I haven't made or fascinated but I haven't done a great deal of research. So do you know of
any others like prolific.
The
lady
I spoke
with
going, I'm sorry, go ahead.
that's what I like. Also the lady yesterday she was telling me that amazon's was um Turks. She says something like that. I haven't looked it up to see exactly what it is but she said that they do things similar to this but not as often so but this one being able to do this with six different people is I think great it's a good use of time and minus always seemed to be three p.m. Uh
every day. You
know each time I've done them I've been three p.m. So.
Well um so
it's
still early for you.
and
I was
yes that's what we do. Um But I'm more of an analyst. I don't do the actual researching longer. I just make sure that the the three projects that I do monitor that they are keeping on track that the engineers and technicians are following the methodology that they are supposed to follow. Engineers tend to want to do things the way they want to do them. So but when you have like a research project that's broken up into like eight parts, if they do one part, a certain way the way the engineer wanted to do it and then they take that part too uh connected with the next
segment. If they want if they don't follow the same methodology and the production, especially in the way they interact with each other there is not gonna work. So my job is just make sure they keep on track. They keep doing things according to the methodology they're supposed to follow. And yeah if they have issues then
I'll take a look. And because sometimes just having a fresh set of eyes, seeing, looking at that item, a problem can really help even if I don't know specifically what they're working on, I'm not supposed to know specifically what they're working on.
It really helps sometimes. So uh I used to do research but now I just do Angela analytical work. I have more freedom of time now. Instead of working 55 or 60 hours a week now, I'm more like 37 38 hours a week and actually make more money. So I'm fine.
Uh No, we have the lab
and actually the equipment that
the equipment that we use,
you
really can't have in testimony is home because it's like one of the pieces of equipment we used was $27 million. And it's just it's the size of uh it's the physical size of uh what it's like three m by seven m is about four m tall. It's a huge piece of electronic um It's kind of like an electron microscope but it's not but it's kind of like that I guess that's the best way I can describe it without actually describing what it is. So but yeah, the equipment that we use we can't use and they're not networked so we can't work from home and connect our computers to that computer. Because for safety
reasons
those computers are not networked.
So
not specifically, I can tell you generally what it is. Um One of the technicians got in trouble because he brought his girlfriend in to just show her around. He was wanting to impress her. He got he didn't get fired but he did get uh I'm not sure they did with him because he is still
there. But that's something you definitely do not want to do. Um I think that be true in any lab where you're doing when you're doing research that is especially government backed research. Uh So it's yeah military doesn't get, they get quite upset when you break protocol. Good.
Uh Not if I was at the lab that would be here actually. They don't micromanage is like that. Um The because the company worked through those Raytheon Technologies that used to be called United Technologies and they pretty much as long as we maintain their schedule and maintain our budget, there's nothing um really outlandish that goes on that they find out about. Uh it's uh they kind of leave as long last year there was a group of us, there's the lottery here has a game called kino and there was a group of them put money together to buy kino tickets. Well they would win occasionally, you know, seven or 8000 or something like that. They actually got in a fistfight over how to divide it. So thank God to the people in Connecticut and thanks so they got involved and so that's completely outlawed across the whole company. Um a
friend of mine works at the lab and latch Latvia
real
atria and she called me, she said what did you guys do? She
said, so what do you mean? She said we heard what you did. I was just wondering if you would tell me what you did. I said I didn't do it, I had nothing to do with it. She said well she said I thought you were, you would have been the one, put them up to it and testing
them
and not me.
So yeah. Yeah, but so as long as we can maintain what we're supposed to do, they would kind of leave us alone. But that's the advantage of work in a place. There's only 76 people in the lab and most of us work in the lab. So, um, in your school with the covid, are they still doing in person classes?
Well, that's good that at least minimizes your risk. Um, have
they required you to have the coronavirus test?
Just
if you're sort of symptoms then you have it? Okay.
That's
understandable.
wow, mm.
Um, they give us one, they give us the rapid result test every monday morning when
we
go into the lab. Yeah. And so far they've only found two people that tested positive and then they all they do is they gave them a normal test because the rapid result test isn't as um
correct as the typical the full test.
So
Between about 12 to 13 minutes,
something like that. It's
between 10 and 15 is what they say it's supposed to be, but it's normal, you know, around 12 or 13. So Well they'll do, they'll take the test, the swab and then we'll go over and the waiting room, like when guests come to take a tour or whatever, we go over there and wait and tell us and we go on back. So there's been at least they're trying to do something to make sure everyone is healthy.
And I mean we're all in environmental suits and the air that we breathe is filtered down to like 0.2 microns. It's so it's very clean. So it's unlikely that while we're in the lab that will get sick anyway where we'll catch whatever somebody else has. So I'm very susceptible to be around people who smoke just the odor from the smoke. I have an allergy to formaldehyde this recent. I'm a bit congested right now. What shopping earlier? And
they're actually just stood behind somebody in line who obviously was a smoker. So just that exposure
can bother me. Um, so there the lab members that smoke, you have no idea that they smoke because you, you know, you can be standing right beside of them and you have no idea. Uh, so that's good. Um, what else we have?
I don't know how your conversations have last. My first conversation lasted 28 minutes. The conversation yesterday lasted 90 minutes.
We just talked
and talked and talked and yeah, we talked about all kinds of different things and neither one of us meant the conversation to last that long. It's just another reason we stopped in was her sister came home one and asked her to go do some things. Um
And she even set a timer on her phone to make sure you know when the 25 minutes past. Um So what else um or the beaches and state parks and things open now there.
Let's
go
I think.
I know one of the things that I didn't like when I was there the first week I got there everything was still open. Um But
I was concentrating on work, I didn't have time to go out and do anything so when I got to the point where I did have free time everything was closed. You couldn't even park beside the road and walk down to the beach because the
policeman was stopping actually give
you a ticket. Not just a warning they give, you actually saw them do it. Um
No.
we don't know they'd in the parking areas were completely off limits. They wanted to restrict people going down to the beach. Um This is from san
Francisco. North. Well uh from san Jose up the coast to san Francisco, that part of the coast. Um And then north of you across the Golden Gate Bridge and go north. They're all those areas were blocked apart. No there were no parking areas, everything was blocked. And if you stopped, if it wasn't an emergency the police would give you a ticket. They wouldn't stop you to see while you were out because nobody was supposed to be atlas. They were an essential worker but they would stop if you were part there they would stop to see what's wrong. Um I know one lady asked um she was on her phone and the policeman afforded behind her and but there were two cars parked and you see people down at the beach walking around and so the policeman was writing them a ticket. So
yeah that was from mid March up through mid april because
towards the
end
of april
things started off the I know around petaluma California, the parks there you um you've seen more people because I spent two weeks in Petaluma two weeks and Elpida's which is just south of fremont. And then um versus the time was um
cordelia which is kind of north of Warner Creek, kind of northeast of san Francisco going towards sacramento, that area. So I was in three different areas while I was there but beautiful
I drove I drove up the hill from um uh
san Jose to where the observatory is that the California University has um most expensive cars I've ever seen or on the Acela Ferrari. Uh
I saw a Porsche that the guy was trying to get out because he has kind of slid off the side of the road a bit and it was really interesting. I've seen, I saw three of the Lamborghini earth sport utilities around here. I haven't seen any Lamborghinis have seen Porsches and Ferraris, but I've seen any of those Lamborghini's and McLaren's were common there or rather common because there's a clearing dealership in san Jose, so and you know, you know it was it was interesting place to be. I just wished things were more open, especially restaurants. I mean it was uh other than driving, driving around a fast food restaurant, nothing else was open. Most of the restaurants weren't even doing curbside pickup then. That was, that came in later on.
Yeah. Well for the work that I was doing, some of the work as far as having to go
different places, it was helpful because there wasn't as much traffic to have to deal with and which traffics is okay, you know as long as I have my gPS I can go where I need to go. But the California drivers are extremely aggressive from what I'm used to and so having fewer of those people on the road for me was a benefit. But yeah, it was just tragic because some of the hotels, one of the hotels I've stayed at, the one in Petaluma, they had three people working there. The guy that owned the place, his wife and one of their cousins, all the rest of the staff, the restaurant staff, everybody had been laid off and they were just staying open because they did have a few get, they had four guests. The time I was there for the entire week. They had four guests and it was a Hampton inn and in an old beautiful restored mill building. Um it looks like an old school building the way it was laid out. Uh So it was really interesting. But yeah they
stayed open just they rented themselves but no food service. Uh No breakfast really they just had the rooms available because they had the reservations and they were happy to have at least some guests. So mm The one
in, yeah go
ahead.
And
I was going to say that the the stayed in a holiday inn and mel Peters and it was the same situation brand new hotel four floors. Um They had three cars in the parking lot and uh it was just the hotel manager and one staff. The lady did they clean the rooms and the hotel manager took care of the front desk and they were the only ones and
they had a full bar for restaurant. Um None of it was open, pool wasn't open, nothing was open, but they stayed open enough to take care of what guess they did have. So but the last day I was there at the end of april because that was the last hotel State Inn, they had about 15 cars in the parking lot. So it was beginning to pick up so that was good for them. I feel sorry for them because they weren't making enough money to even keep the hotel open. You know the like the electric bill they you know it was that they were trying.
no one did. Um I thought the next economic problem would be the
collapse of the housing market in china because in november there were three agencies, one in europe, one here and one in Singapore, reported that there was $5.5 trillion in debt in the chinese housing market and the value of the assets were 2.1 trillion. So if that collapsed, it would affect the world economy and cause in economic downturns, as far as health wise, nobody ever, that's how pandemic is, I suppose, you know, you don't know what's gonna happen and we don't normally have them here and they have them in africa and south America, but not here. Uh but now we're the worst ones, so.
Yeah. Say that again, I missed that part.
know here in Kentucky it has our positivity rates have been up to around 8.5 huge. They were always around 3.8 to 4, We never did go down to one like new york city did. Um But the number of cases we had been having around 400 cases a day statewide. We're up to, we had over 3000 cases. Day before yesterday. Yeah,
it's, it's really balloon.
it could be because there were a lot of rallies, um, the Black Lives Matters rallies anytime when people get together and are shouting and you know, being very loud. Uh they can spread it and, and trump's campaign staff is evidence of it because over half of them have contracted coronavirus, even though they were as protected as they could be. They still don't wear masks at least from, from what you they showed on television. Um So
I don't know. Well, we've 28 minutes, right? 27 minutes or something. If you want to continue talking, we can or if you have other things you want to go do, you know, we can go ahead and end it.
you have to do
work.
So
it was good talking with you too. You
have a good day.
Bye.