Oh
Okay. Hi, can you hear me?
Hey.
Uh doing all right. Doing all right just you know the same old since the leave me Wallace.
Yeah. So where are you from?
are you? In the States?
Okay. Yeah.
So I'm in New England. I'm in Rhode island at the moment. So
sorry my
Right on near boston.
Yeah. But do you have any plans for this summer or anything come?
Um I'm not sure uh the my work has been tough recently so I have to sort of get involved with that but I have the day off friday and then uh you know the fourth is this saturday
and Yes. Yeah, so it plans
tend
to be up in the air, especially with my friends, so it's hard to say
it's a binding contract.
Yeah. I mean uh if it's outdoors then you can probably just keep six ft away. If it's indoors then it might be a bit of a tricky issue.
No, I mean, I think New England tends to be a bit more like, I think you even tends to be a bit more liberal, so people actually are following the masks pretty well for the most part in my
at least where I am, but I'm near a college town, which tends to be like much more liberal in general. So Yeah.
But yeah, a lot of like when I went to the grocery store saturday, you can't get in without a mask, nobody was complaining or anything. But I don't really like, I only want to bask in north because uh When I go outside, I'm always six ft away from anybody anyways. And
then uh so
Yeah. I think there was a study saying that our state Rhode island and Connecticut are the only two states that have the case is still going down, so our state's doing pretty well in that regard. So
Yeah.
to
you.
there
yeah, I think it's mostly just a normal casual conversation or whatever a little bit.
Um So uh I guess uh I so I my work software, so I'm doing this for my lunch break a little bit. Um So yeah, I mean like I don't mind being endorsed, but I think I live alone. So I think since everything started in mid March, I've had to total face to face conversations with other people, so it's lonely.
No, this is face to face as an in person.
Because
we're technologies that we have zoom meetings and stuff like that.
Uh It depends on the company, my company is pretty small, so it's not like a google or facebook or anything but I mean you can't really complain about not having about having a job, I guess it's better than doing nothing for me at the moment, so but
it is I mean it does, so obviously my job sort of been like uh like more strenuous or stressful, so
I've had to work weekends and so now it actually does feel like every day is the same, that I think that's the main thing.
Uh I mean for a while like that's not a big deal but there's like all the bars and restaurants are closed. Uh huh.
I don't have pets, I never had pets growing up either, so
Yeah. Did you have
pets
dry
up?
Mhm. Did you have pets growing up?
I guess you're in Ohio. Huh? What's what's it been like because Ohio has sort of uh what's it been like going from the Philippines to Ohio because I imagine I haven't been to Ohio very much. I've lived in the States my entire life, so.
I
think so.
Yeah,
it's
it's It's only it's 1:05 PM. So
Eastern
Eastern
done.
I'm
trying to think where I think central time zone kicks in around indiana maybe like middle of indiana because I have a cousin in indiana and I think there are certain parts of the state where you cross over and then there's a you have the time zone shift because I know Chicago is further west now that some of the times I'm kicks in.
But
Yeah. No, it was it was interesting that you were talking about like the temperature because my parents are from India and they came to the States
and so they don't like the cold either. But since I was born here I actually like the cold quite a bit. So
now they're still here my dad's are tired now so. Yeah.
Well
you
need the spices because a lot of indian food is a vegetarian so it doesn't have like that
that flavor
and the
tomorrow hindu hindu is
buddhist
is more like, you know closer to china. I think I'm not too sure there's some
Pick.
You
guys.
Shut
up by
your your lawyer skills and sued them.
I
mean
whenever I go back to India I can't drink any of the water there because I didn't grow up there. So it's like, you know,
I don't have that even my parents because they've been space for so long, they don't drink bottled water, so
it's mostly the water I think unless it's like really hot,
so.
Yeah.
Nothing.
mean now we're now we're stuck indoors, so. Okay.
All
Are
well
I
mean I think I think a lot of people have gained weight during the quarantine because you can't go anywhere, so
it's
all the gyms are closed and
Yeah, it's like you can't move around much. So even like uh because I used to go to gym pretty regularly and now we have it so that gyms are open again. But like um I just go for runs because I'm always sit down on my desk anyways. So I feel like if, if I don't go for runs every day, it's uh it's probably not healthy for me personally.
I go about like six or 7 miles in the morning every day. So
I mean,
well I used to be quite fat and then I really put myself on a diet like 3.5 years ago. And so now I'm afraid I just said I I have that drive to keep going.
sure.
Walking
is that all you need? It's it's mostly about food. Like I am a very numbers oriented person. Like you're probably more uh since your lawyer probably more like verbally and written stuff. I like phone numbers. So I was losing, I checked every single calorie because that's
how I sort of built the habit. That's how I built the habit. But
No.
I
mean
I mean once my lunch break is over I have to get back to work, so it's like it's uh it software is tricky, like there's a reason why they get paid so much because it's a lot of frustration because you're always being called to do something that's broken. So
it's like I never did things, the things that are broken, but I'm sure lawyers, you know, I don't have to talk with other people. Usually lawyers, you have to talk with people and you
know
figure out what to do and that's
another difficult
thing.
Are you getting something set up in America? Is that your plan?
I
heard
new york
and new
york
and California are the hardest. New york and California.
But
um so a lot of computer science, so that's like a programming algorithms, um you know discreet map, some saws, computer science and math. Um But I guess like you know, I kind of like it, so I like I like sort of everything, so that's why I never did like an advanced degree because I didn't want to specialize. And also you know, advanced degrees are hard, you have to be pretty dedicated like you have to their stuff to something for two or three years. And then uh
so um yeah like my dad was a doctor and so like I was like I could never do that, spend four more years after school because in America because I know in India you can go straight med school straight up but in America to do four years and then four years and then residency and stuff like that, it's just a ridiculous time. And
so I was like I'll just do computer science and so actually I do
so as I mastication um
in december like you know I like a lot of things starting like finance books and law books and things like that. I read a book on the Supreme Court and stuff like that. So I
have uh have uh interested in all those sorts of things because.
Well I think I have, the software companies are hiring people with, I don't know if it's as much, but they hire people in the humanities because a lot of these software developers do not actually speak to other people and it turns out that's pretty important to talk to other people, sticking
their
customers.
I
have always been pretty comfortable in terms of just speaking because it's sort of like uh you know it's sort of like putting on a little bit of an act because
it's
just you can sort of yourself but just be more energetic. That's
that's
usually how
it goes.
so that's usually how I do it. But
I have an older sister she's in boston, she's she's uh but she's marketing but she's got she can't find market during this pandemic so it's a bit rougher for her. But
Well
yeah I mean it's it's so hard because uh this is just not what we as americans as americans want to do. Like americans just want to do whatever they want.
And
but
a lot of the cases in the southwest so and I think people are saying it's because they're indoors because it's so hot out and then the A. C. Just keeps. But
I mean I live alone so it's
deal
for
me.
I mean I hate doing it because it gets expensive but I really don't like the heat very much. So I kind of I kind of do because
like
even
now
I'm
studying.
No so and so when I went to India in december I was like all right, I'm back to India in a long time. Um So I went with my parents I said I'm only going When it's not 100° out. So it's only like November December like in that time range because the rest of them just gets ridiculously hot in India. So.
Well I think it's probably similarly crowded like that that it's
I know
it's just you know, bios away if you're in a house or anything
like
it's ridiculous. Great.
All
I
mean,
so my family's from Bangor, which is the Hi most dense traffic in India, so like it takes 10 minutes to go one km. It's ridiculous.
Yeah, I know it's subtle, but it's pretty funny.
Never.
Yeah. So right islands right next to the coast. So
actually a decent number of beaches close by. But yeah,
I think I was,
yeah, the Great Lakes scenario, but Ohio is pretty big. Like our state is really small. So it's
probably
small estate. So it's like uh you know there is new york and then Connecticut and Rhode island. So around is quite small.
it's pretty
dense
so there's
a lot of people there, but it's, you know, it's nice because I like in England, you know, like the weather. Uh it doesn't get as, it doesn't get as hot, that's most of the main thing. So the girl
here,
Hello?
yeah, thanks. It was a lot of fun, appreciate it.
Yeah. Have a good one.
Oh, I thought we started early, but yeah, I guess we'll stay a little bit longer as well. Be safe and sorry, get paid.
Might as well get paid for that effort, but it was
I think like I'm looking at the clock, it says 28 minutes. So I think, yeah, I think we can close this and then just press the arrow
that poor guys.
I
say to
you to
have a good time,
bye.