Yeah, but not, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. No, I don't have any. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. 43 3. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Whatever. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. What? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. You can take a look at that. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. But you know. Mhm. Yeah. You ready? What? Oh, yeah. Try to get a good one. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Coming into the world. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's we're going to have to make decisions want to come out. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. You get up in the background, right? Yeah. Wonderful. Mm. Mhm. No problem. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. That is not responding. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Hi there. Yes,
I can hear you clearly. Yeah.
How are you today?
Yeah, I agree with you.
Um, I'm originally from the Philippines, so I'm so new in the States. I moved here last year. Yeah.
Um Well I I married my husband. I met him from the Philippines. Yeah.
Yeah
You mean in in London?
Where is it? Is it in the States to? Okay.
Oh. Oh really? I I've actually never been to anywhere other than Ohio where I am from and uh West Virginia. Yeah. It sucks. I cannot travel because of Covid. Yeah.
well there's an upcoming plan, July four. Are you gonna go partying with your friends?
That's
come
on.
I already said yes on a facebook invite so I cannot back out.
I know I saw so many people going and I was like, well people do social distancing there. I don't think so. So some people there are, I don't know, I've never met ever so I'm kinda unsure if I should go, but they already said yes, so it's embarrassing to back out and I don't want to wear a mask, you know, it would be so weird.
true. How is it in New England? Like what's going on there? Is it still on, on stay at home order or everyone so free right now? Going everywhere without mask?
That is really good.
Okay.
true,
true. Although you cannot avoid. Some people are really invading your personal space. Like some of them are really not observing it. So I was like, you get a little way, like, I don't know if I'm a carrier or because I got no symptoms, you know, I'm so healthy and so I would wear a mask still, so Yeah.
That's really good. That's really wonderful. So um I forgot to ask your name. My name is lee, what's your name? Karen, Nice
to meet you. Nice
to meet
you. We already started talking even before we we
gave our names. Uh
how is how is life there? How are you? Tell me every, tell me anything about yourself.
Is this a 2nd 1?
Oh I send in person. I ever, yeah. Oh
my
yeah, you got to do work on on on your desk and all the time you got to be online. That would, but at least it's lucrative, right? I think everyone in the I. D. Or software uh industry earns a lot. Right.
definitely.
busy.
Yeah. How long have you been living alone?
Don't you have any pets?
Oh really? I have a dog right now. He's sleeping on the floor.
He
doesn't
mind.
Us. What?
Oh yeah. Even in the Philippines, we have a bunch, especially in the Philippines. We live in a rural area. So at some point we got poultry, like pigs and chickens. Yeah. So it's really interesting there. Uh Yeah. Any, any question you got for me? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, the first time I got here, it was really cold. Uh, I was actually able to go to London right before I came here for vacation and the temperature is so different. It's cold in London, but here it's already summer and it's still cold. So I was like, what the fuck? It's sorry are really? I
was like, it's
it's already signing outside and at some point the following days it would be snowing. I was like, I was messaging my in laws and I was like saying, what the hell is going on here? It's snowing in spring. I was like, what? And at the first time I was in London, it was really cold too. But this is incomparable. So what I had there, like I had to wear so many, so many sweatshirts here. Like it's, I was telling my husband, you should have told me it's so cold here. Although I didn't really google. So I was like, oh my, I'm not ready for this. So the first thing I got, the first thing that I did when I got here, I bought a bunch of jackets, sweatshirts, six socks. Sometimes I wear methods indoor, right? That's so crazy. It's really cold. I even got electric blankets, blankets on, even on a summer, there's really a time when it's so cold and I was like, you know whether it's not that fine, but the people around me, I love everyone here so far. I was actually scared when I got here because you know what, I've been reading so many articles about some people, you know, they could be racist when they would look at you and they would they would thank you, you married someone for money. Um actually a lawyer in the Philippines, so it doesn't look like I'm a lawyer, but I'm a lawyer in the Philippines. So uh some people would give you a stare sometimes. Well when I was in in europe they would give us stairs, you know like you could actually see them staring at it and I was like what's going on here? I think it's like the feeling that you get when, when people judge you like okay what's going on? So I just ignore them. But at some point I feel like, oh that's really sad. You know, they give you long stairs and giving a judgment already and they don't even know you like you had education, you know like yeah, it's really awful. Yeah,
that's a very long story.
But yeah, so what did you have for breakfast today? What time is it there now?
Oh, if we have the same time, I'm so sorry,
I'm
still
I'm still getting used to the time
zones.
that's
really, I'm still getting used to it the first time I was here. Uh you got that daylight savings time in the Philippines? We don't have that. We we are so close to the equator that our time doesn't change. So it was like what's going on? I felt like I got another hour of sleep and I was like okay, I gotta get to see your time zones. I gotta study it if I have to. Yeah.
People
wow. Well are they still in America or they moved back to India?
that's amazing. Oh my speaking of India I have a, I have an indian friend but she's in London. Oh my and she cooks real good indian food. Oh my God, I love the curry. And when I first well she also has a property in the Philippines, I actually met her in the Philippines with her, with her husband and their british indian and but but when they speak you can actually hear them like you can hear the indian accent and when I went to their house there's so many like jars of different herbs and spices and they were explaining it to me and I was like what? I would love to have some of these, they actually cooked for me and I was like staring and I was like, I would never, I would never see my kitchen like this full of spices. I only have salt and pepper, parsley, just the usual. I'm so boring. But oh my, I love
indian
food,
I
love indian,
yeah, I love indian food. I actually went to a buddhist temple, Is that an indian temple too? Yeah. Right.
hindu. Yeah.
But
oh yeah, you're right there. Yeah, but it's probably, it's in china at some point, a friend of mine, she's from florida, but she also has a property in the Philippines and she's like, hey, let's go to this indian temple. And I didn't know when we got there, we were told, hey, you guys will have free dinner here here. And I was like, what? We're gonna, I thought we're just going to visit and then I can see everyone. Like we're in a natural temple. We have to we have to remove our slippers, we have to wash our hands because most of the food you got to eat it by hand and it's so fun. I was like can I live here forever? But yeah it's really fine. Oh my God, I love indian food. Mm Although I'm so sorry about
that. Although my my husband doesn't he's not so adventurous as me when it comes to food. Probably because I got him food poisoned in the Philippines.
I
brought him at this chinese restaurant in it. Well in chinatown in the Philippines. And then I didn't know that's our very first day.
I
didn't.
I know but probably your stomach is so sensitive because my stomach well I ate so much
of
it.
You're not used to it. Yeah.
true.
But
then I think it's it's the chicken that he didn't like. Like he said, kind of like grow, that's what he felt. Well, that's how he tasted it. And I was like, for me, it's normal because that's what we eat. And now coming here, oh my God,
you've got a nice selection of meat in, comparable to what we have there, You've got you've got the reddest, the freshest ones, and yeah, it's really different. And before I was like, 15, lighter before
I got here. So I
face got like, so much cheeks out there and my belly, I got beer belly now. So yeah, I'm so comfortable here the first time that I saw my family as soon as I got here and probably a few weeks later, they were like, leah, you're getting heavier, your face is getting bigger.
I was like, their food is good, like I don't care anymore, like, okay, it's okay if I get bigger,
I'll just get the bigger size for my shirts. I love
your
food.
I
know
it's really fattening, right, like.
How long do you run? Oh,
acted, That
is so strong.
You're so disciplined. So well, a friend of mine, she said she got to lose some weight because both of both me and her, we we got hypothyroidism and you know, for for our meds to kick in properly, we got to lose some weight because I feel like, well the doctor said I'm so you have to overweight and she herself is overweight. So we got the same endocrinologists. So uh
well she suggested we go running, we go walking, but I'm not that athletic in law school. I don't I didn't even join any sports event. Like I would usually stay at home like everyone's drugging, everyone's playing volleyball and I'm not doing anything. Probably, I'm just binging on netflix. But yeah, when she asked me, hey, let's work out. I was like girl, I can go out with you, but we can just walk, no running, no dragging. But
she agreed.
What?
I wish I could do that too. I should be. You know what, like this one I've been drinking this like water. Imagine 200 calories I bought. This is already my second bottle for the day. So it's really a lot like it's already a meal. Other than that, I ate a lot of Chinese food right before this
so it's really too much. Yeah. So
what,
what, what are your plans today besides besides doing this?
Hello? Well,
I
know.
It's
fun.
It's fun. Especially when you deal with family relations. I love listening to their problems. But
My goal is, well I already have my degrees converted to american standards. So I'm just waiting for some of my papers to get processed and eventually I'm going to check if I'm eligible to take the bar or I have to take some units before I think because for sure, Philippine law and U. S. Law are different and your loss here very state for state. So it's really interesting to do this. And a couple of my schoolmates in law school and where I came from in Manila, uh both of them already took new york state bar and Washington and they passed. So I was like, yeah, they're very smart like
like
they're
at the top
of
the class.
and they're at the top of the class. So I was like, I'm not gonna go there like, I'm not sure. So let's see what happens. As long as I can provide for my family. I'm not even picky at all. You know, like I'm, I don't care, but yeah, if it's related to low, I would be so much happier. It will be amazing. Yeah.
Well, what course did you take Computer science or what, what, what is the name of the course for you to take software as your profession?
Well,
I know.
Some people don't.
First time.
is
Which I'm as smart as you. I would I would love to know so much about software, but I think, you know, I'm really not good in numbers actually. Well my pre law courses, philosophy and at some point I was like maybe I can try adding business forced to it. So I tried adding accountancy and then I failed account and see like the very introduction for account and see. And I was like okay, let me drop that course anymore. Like I don't I don't want to take it anymore. Numbers are not good for me. Probably. I'm not that I don't know, I'm not that logical when it comes to dealing with numbers and all those computations. I was like that's not for me. So I guess philosophy will do uh does this this this bottle exists?
I'm
glad
you have both.
Glad you have both.
That's
it.
I know.
It's
like
it's like you're selling yourself so you got to speak up. Yeah,
it's really good. Do you have any siblings?
I know. I don't it's really sad what's going on right now and all the all the cases are spiking even here in Ohio it's still spiking and I I don't think everyone is really
taking it seriously.
true. There so free. They
are so
free.
I
how about your
A.
C.
Do you keep your A. C. Running like 24 hours every day?
don't
don't
go
to
the
Philippines.
Well a friend of mine, she said she went to India before and she's like, she asked me because she's planning to go to the Philippines. She's from uh she's from philadelphia and she's like hey I'm going to the Philippines this year. I was like hey it's still unsafe to go there right now, we don't even have enough testing there. So it's like don't go maybe the following years, but not this year. And she's like asking me, um, I'm wondering if it's as hot as India. I was like, I'm not sure. I've never been to India, but I'm telling you this, it's really hot in the Philippines. So as soon as you land down out of your plane and you feel the breeze, all the humidity is up in the air and you're like sweating right away. And yeah, it's, it's not nice. And she's like, I can brave it. I've been to India. I was like, good luck. Probably our country is way worse. Like worse weather than India.
there's so many people in the Philippines here. I was like, where are my neighbors?
Like,
I
know.
The another thing that I noticed as soon as I got here, you really got nice highways in the Philippines. Try
to google after our conversation. Try to google how, how traffic looks like in Manila. You would be pissed. Like you will never go there. And you would be
like, I
am not even going there
Mm. Oh my, you'd rather walk.
I would love to go to India. I would love to try the food. But I bet my husband won't like it. I, he'd rather go to the beach. Is like, he has been to Thailand. Uh 11 time I asked him, hey, let's go to London. I want to see my sister because my sister lives in London and he was like, why would I go to London if I can go to the beach? I was like, but I want
to see my sister. This is the only time I could go on vacation. And he agreed I met him there and I was like, yes, I have the power and yeah, coming here. I, I missed the beach. I missed the beach. Do you have beaches there?
What?
We
only have a creek.
I'm
gonna check it out later on the map. I'm still unfamiliar with how big every state is. So. Yeah,
but probably, you know everyone there. It's a small,
that's
it.
So yeah.
You're lucky. You're lucky. I
actually have to fans on me right now with the A. C. Running. So well, it's really hot today. I don't know why. Yeah.
Hey, it's my pleasure to meet you. I really have. I had this wonderful chat. It's so nice to chat with, with a stranger and talk about so many things under probably 30 minutes.
I hope you would have a wonderful day ahead of you. I'm just gonna be here enjoying my puppy. I'm gonna walk him in a bit.
YouTube. Stay. We have to stay like 2025 minutes. Right?
Yeah. Be safe. Yeah.
He thinks we got to go to the other link. Right? This the survey link. We we can close this yet after 25 minutes or we could already do that.
All
meeting you.
Take
care.
Bye bye.
You too.