Yeah. Hi, how are you?
What kind of they
pop?
Oh yeah. No, no problem, no problem. Are they Pomeranians or?
What?
Oh hi, I'm MEREDITH. So I'm Ray nice to meet you.
Um You know, I don't remember reading that. I think they might,
you
know, let us know after the fact, you know.
I mean I I tried to get you know, about seven hours of sleep last night, so I I did pretty good. And uh and then I I usually I've been I've been doing for the past since we've been in quarantine, I got familiarized with this athlete. Um He's about he just turned
sixties names uh Wim Hoff, I don't know if you've heard of him, but basically
is a an athlete that developed athletic training program. So what he does is he takes a he takes ice ice baths. Um Yeah, you know, you can see that he broke several world records. Um you know he was in one ice bath up to his neck for an hour and 50 minutes and so he's been able to tap into the power of his mind. And um
so I've been doing cold
showers because that's the other alternative. So I like yesterday I did a six minute cold shower, I did 45 push ups, I walked seven miles, you know? And uh yeah
and I've
been doing this
for about a week now. Yeah,
I saw
another one and I guess I guess it's more about discipline, but it was about was saying that you know if you come out of quarantine
and you haven't started yeah either a new side job or you know you haven't started a new new way of thinking, then you didn't lack time. You lack discipline, you know that?
that sounds
great.
It's
now what I mean? But what part of the country are you in?
What?
wow.
you
could,
it's probably not
not far off from the temperatures. Yeah, I mean,
know,
I mean, I've noticed because I've been tracking my resting heart rate on my Fitbit, which is right here, you know, um, that my resting heart rate Was 60 for about about a week ago and
now it's
down
58. So yeah. Oh, is it? Is that we haven't?
it's it's really
working.
I, I think that. Oh, no problem. I have um, I was talking to a friend of mine, he lives in, well, you know, he just reads a lot because he's retired, he lives in Arkansas and he was telling me that some of the, some of the, I guess you might call them, you know gurus or spiritual Leaders in in India some of them have been able to, you know um you know get their heart rate down to you know 20 or 10, you know
like
very, very, yeah and they can just be in that state for about an hour. Amazing.
it is
it,
yes.
absolutely, I mean laughter, laughter is one of the best medicines, you know, not you know, some sometimes you know just expressing emotion through
art or through you know um you know just some other healthy outlet where you can just let it out is good, you know, so some
people feel sports or whatever, you know, so yeah, yeah.
I understand
that,
I
sure I understand that yeah the brain, their development is different, yeah, just I mean it's further along yeah.
yeah yeah,
What?
True.
correct,
it's
got
to be yeah. Uh Really? Yeah, I mean the the experience must be different, I mean I um I've just lived in the city my entire life, I've lived in you know southern California and different various arts of the south California region. Yeah and um yeah, so I mean I've um and then I my job I work for right now I'm working for the courthouse and I've been working for the for five years now. So uh Yeah, I mean, you know I just I've worked in a civil family law and uh jury and traffic and that's what I've been doing. So
he
I mean right now, you know, I would say uh for
right now it's actually not not really that interesting to me anymore because now they have me doing just one thing and that's
traffic
and uh you know, all I do
is
that's the worst. Yes, the most interesting.
You
know, I I try to kind of like make it seem as uh make it seem like it's not so bad. But you know, I I definitely would like to be doing something different. Um
I was thinking I might want to move out of California
maybe move to um I was thinking maybe I moved to Ohio or something like that. Yeah.
Father pictures and it like looks like a really cool
place. I know it gets cold though, I know it gets cold.
It's true, it's true.
Yeah and and there's so many different types of communities and climates which is really
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks. So uh which
is very
I mean
and
I
I remember
that. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I I
pray that pray that it doesn't, you know because I really hope that that the um
I really hope that you know nature
and the earth is more resilient uh
you know to be able to overcome it, you know?
um I'm still here so here.
I'll see,
You
know.
yeah
Um you know uh there's two things that came to mind and the first thing is that um they're saying that in uh the local national forest um that the bear population has quadrupled um and uh
you know that animals are just running free wild everywhere a quarantine. So it's amazing. Yes.
So
no.
Yeah no I mean I mean if it's quadrupled I guess that means that you know it's it's a lot of young cubs you know uh that are running around. Yeah.
That's
amazing.
Yes. Oh that
um yeah I was gonna say that oh you know uh George Carlin um you
know George
Carlin media right?
And uh you
know he
was talking to the same thing, he said something like you know the the earth is so much more uh you know powerful than than our our life force, you know, and that it could just uh you know, shake us off, you know?
Yeah.
Right, Right, right, mm hmm. Um
but
Oh no, no.
right.
that's
true.
I mean
that
that makes a lot of sense to me. I I used to work at a grocery store of um you know what, six years ago after I graduated college, I went to work at a grocery store because the job market was was not very strong and well not for my major, I was communication studies major. Um and uh but yeah, I mean, you know, they they served this uh they sold this milk that was served in a glass bottle I think it's uh
rigors or brick years and they had they have like a plain milk non fat milk, regular milk and chocolate milk and I tried it, it was really good
there's one that's very quiet
yeah.
I
got this.
no.
What
so is the is the kennel, is the kennel
usually
outside?
you're
always a little white kids? Okay. Okay.
I see.
How
is it?
mean it's insulation I guess you know I mean
covering,
yeah. Um
you know, I mean I actually saw some a neighbor in the neighborhood I when I was on my long walk and I noticed that yeah, somebody had a decorative window covering, you know they didn't have any shade, there was no shades. Uh there was no, you know, drapes, but it was just the decorative wall covering, I was like oh that's that's really nice, it was like flowers. Yeah.
Yeah.
Now
uh did you ever think about getting a cat or do you think that's
my
All
Right, right, that's
true,
I mean, you know I guess if they're if they're irritated they'll hiss um
you know?
yeah there's a there's a famous uh Tiktok personality and um, he has a, he has a cat and I think his name is, I think the cat's name is Dixie dixie and uh, you know, so the cat even has its own Tiktok um uh
I know, it's amazing, you know?
I was gonna say that the, the cat is apparently it was a stray cat and he brought it into his house and now, you know, now now him and the cat are famous and uh, you
know, like the, he has, he has one where, where,
where he's looks like he's texting on his um, in his chair and then the cat is peaking around the dresser, kind of like this, you know? And with a very murderous look on its face. Then he zooms into the cat's face, it's like, you know? And then
he's like oh my God
my gosh.
they are. Have you have you have you heard about Tiger King speaking
of
big cats?
If
His
true
true.
yeah.
yeah. What joe exotic joe exotic yeah.
and
what?
I
I saw that part
she did she did
Yes.
Oh my God yeah carol Baskin yeah carol basket
Well you know I've I've watched the I mean I've listened to the wondering podcast version. So wondering a podcast company. They they interviewed joe exotic carol Baskin um you know and all you know many of the players in this in this hole you know kind of like almost a it's a reality thing but it's almost make tv you know how how you know outrageous it is.
what
happened?
I
mean
True.
very much so. I mean
I
Right. Oh yeah yeah you know and I I was thinking to myself like I guess I don't think carol killed her husband, I mean because they know nobody shows any evidence where the bones
Not
and
because I mean you know I I don't I don't think tigers would eat human bones you know
like.
well
She yes she
yeah I mean you know there's I almost I don't think I've met anybody who's watched the show um you know everybody who's watched the show believes she is guilty, you know and they just hate her, but I'm always, you know I like to sort of play devil's advocate sometimes and say you know well you know um show me the evidence, you know if you don't have the evidence then uh then you know it's unfounded,
they're unfounded, yeah
Goof.
my God,
no, no and I think that's how they
that's how that's how they put it together, you know, it was intended that way
yeah yeah,
I mean it's
it's
sort of a it's a fusion, it's a messy fusion of both, you know because I think some people think
that oh it's just uh it's just a reality tv show or something, but it did really, you know some of those things actually happen and some of it is just you know people just
creating uh narratives in their mind you know?
um wasn't it Travis or something?
I think it was trapped,
and he
pulled
the trigger?
What
was the State of Mind or he did it? Yeah,
wow.
Oh can you, can you still hear me?
yeah they did, they did Oh wow.
it's
been great,
yeah this this is a perfect, perfect conversation, I like I liked it a lot,
Alright, you too, take care,
nice talking to you as well, bye bye.