Mhm. So mm have words. The camera. Ah there it is. Okay. Uh huh Mhm. Mhm. You know what? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Oh Mhm. Uh huh Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm mm wow, spanish Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Oh mm. Yeah. Oh no. Well mm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh mm. Yeah. Oh mm. Right. You don't know. Yeah. Oh no. Oh Mhm. Oh mm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. All right. What? Mm. Uh huh Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Uh huh mm. Oh. Mhm. Last year? Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Fax email come up here, come on, come on, come on up here. Oh my God. Like a good dogs. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Oh stop. I know your kind of messing up the computer keyboard. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Sweet. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. This question. Uh huh. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. What? It's just no. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah and you see Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. This is yes. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. What? Hi
I think somebody's here that's why I was holding him in my lap. Guys come on that's right here nobody here was somebody here but I'm sorry I'll go to another room Sorry
about
that will start two minutes.
supposedly highly intelligent but very untradeable. Got for a gift for my birthday think nine years ago from my son. Um uh he went he was visiting from come here but is visiting from Knoxville and he pretended he needed to
go get a part like miles and miles away you know what go get in the kennel then. And he came back with these two little footballs and I thought they were for his wife and I was like, oh no, Natalie doesn't want Pomeranians, she wants a pug, he got the wrong p dog. And then he handed them to me and I was like, oh my God josh! So my muse MEREDITH uh
nice to meet you too. Do you know why they're doing this face to face? What are they studying?
I don't know
there.
Oh that would be good Because I just wondered like I know they want people to meet face to face and talk for 25 minutes, but I don't know what they're because because before we had to, before the meeting they said how comfortable are you? I'm like okay, and then how energized are you? And I'm like I'm 60 to energize, I think, I think that's no place for it, but I would have.
of course.
No.
it's tough
I think.
Yeah.
Very
well.
Well, I just read a funny meme, it said that if you come out of quarantine with a better figure than you went into it with, we can't be friends,
was funny.
Looking
I mean seriously, I've been doing a lot of um what do you want to say, like home repairs, the ones I can afford to do and that I like I varnished the floor in my pantry a minute ago and the whole house, so I mean even it's pretty supporting yourself, front door open, back your, open all the fans on, that's why I'm sitting in my room because it's the farthest room away from the pantry smell. But so I have a little list of stuff like that to do. And uh
then
yard work, I like I love doing yard work but it's been so windy. Like we got snow a couple of days ago, it didn't stick just covered and then it disappeared but it was like come on, it
is may we get snow and made though sometimes, but it's ridiculous.
I live right along that. It's a really northern new york along the like on the border with Canada, the 1000
Islands region. So like the ST Lawrence River, like if I look out my window, I don't know riverfront property. There's a marina across the street and you can see the ST Lawrence River. So and it's nice, it's always windy here and it's really pretty here. Um But I live on the street by a marina and a public dock. So one good thing about the quarantine Is that the boat trailers aren't constantly going by my house at like 3:00 AM. Um because people are, well they had the marine is closed until recently and they said they could open them for personal use, which, why else would you open marina? Um But like I have an additional fishing tournaments or anything. So, but the water here is still like, I don't know, 40 degrees. So not really
swimming weather. Who you were saying? I spent, I was thinking, oh, I could go jump in the like cooked up in the river
and then
have somebody call me out because it was way
Well,
I just, I don't think it over that, but anybody could spend two hours almost in an ice bath At 60. You must have a heart like a bull. That's
crazy.
up
there
year.
not like astronaut heartbeat keepers. They have
man,
you keep it. Yeah, because um well, you know because I grew up in the Apollo era, so you know with all the lunar landings and all that stuff and so I used to read about astronauts and stuff and Some of them have resting heart rates like that. That's a low one. but even after they've exerted himself, their heart rate doesn't get that high. And it's like that is so cool. And also, I don't know how they managed it. I mean this might be a combination of good genetics and like you were saying the total discipline, I feel sorry.
Holy
cow,
Like hibernation almost, you know like when animals hibernate, that's that's a lot of mental discipline, like mind over body kind of thing. Like
people say,
you can, you can think your way out of pain. Like uh if somebody makes me laugh when I'm in pain, then I can, but if if I'm just trying to do it myself, um no, not really. I can't. But it is like, this is an article I read, I don't know, forever ago, 30 years ago about how people who were no, if you do that, I'm gonna put you in the kennel suffering from chronic pain. Would like alleviate that pain by um watching comedies that they really enjoyed. All right. Get off the bed to get any kind of chemical, okay, stop them. And uh but it does, it works. I mean, it does work. So and not just physical, like, you know, obviously emotional pain. Oh, nice
to have a sense of humor for that reason.
No.
Well,
So I do I teach middle school for a living and seventh grade english. And I have my work computer over here and my computer here and I'm not, you know, I'm not I'm paying attention to you. But that way if
if somebody
actually turns an assignment and I can go, oh because you know, middle men um like that's my motto. You can't scare me. I teach middle school. Uh It's funny because uh middle school kids, you know, 12, 13, they think they're like so grown up. But then when you email them, like once you leave them out of something, you're like you've forgotten all about. It's like, oh my god, I love you so much. But I think that's why I like them so much is because you can talk to them like almost grown ups, right? But they're still they're still so young and they and they like to have fun still like we got uh oh you know when somebody pulls the fire alarm? Like uh yeah, so we all ended up outside and we were outside for a long time because they didn't know what the heck was going on. And so the high school kids, because it's a high school, middle school building is a small rural school. Um the high school kids were standing over like, oh my God, so bored and then the middle school kids that I have with me, they're like can we play duck, duck goose? And then in the middle of the high school kids saw and they're like, we want to play him, like now you guys are too cool because
they don't let them interact. No, they don't let the high school middle school kids interact just because it's like and for safety reasons. But
Yeah well and there is so much easier to influence, you know, all of the kids have to do is something stupid and the middle school kids to be like oh my God he's so cool and then of course they be cup, you know whatever. But yes,
So like I only have this year about 70 students total, we have a really class this year that this area of the country of this area of new york losing population, I think we were the
highest last year, as far as population loss because we're so far north um and crystal weather, I mean you know you get used to it but it's not Like if you have to drive 20 miles to the nearest town Watertown and the weather is horrible, it's you know if the weather's bad you're not going to do it. So it
makes it hard for doctor appointments and stuff and shopping and there's not a lot of uh like industry jobs that pay well for families, I mean there's a lot of jobs where you know if you wanted to have two people working and slowly starve to death, you know, but there's not there's not in keeping them here. So the schools are suffering and because we used to have a big uh um Fort Drum, it's just not too far away from here military and we used to have a lot of housing families and it was so much fun because you need kids from everywhere and now it's just northern new york kids who really a lot of them, you know rural poverty kind of thing which is so different from urban, I mean I grew up in providence Rhode island and then moved to florida and then moved up here. So I saw a city city robert and rural poverty's think there's so much more um or do I want to say because I mean I'm not, you know saying one is better, poverty is horrible, but um at least if you live in video access to something um that would enhance your life to some degree, like a museum or subway even like I bet you
of the seven kids I have this year, maybe five of them have seen or been on a subway or you know public transportation foreign to them. Yeah, it's just it's just crazy. Pretty flexi she picked
me up off
there.
So every day something new Probably for you. Yeah, like
everything
up
my
life
was probably
the best thing.
well come on, you're speeding to
stay it Oh uh
okay
it's
come out there
or look
yep you'd have, you'd have all the seasons, although in California right, it's so big, you could find any season practically that you wanted
No.
yeah mhm On my bucket, you know bucket list, I want to go see the giant sequoias, the the is that in California? In California isn't it? The national Forrester? And um I've never I've never seen the pacific ocean so I have to see that and I'm not, I mean I don't want to go, well I mean Washington up that way, it's like okay, I'd rather see California beaches so that's on my stuff to do once I retire and convince my son to take me. Yeah,
we did you write words? Because he loves, he, he travels a lot for his job. Uh huh.
Um He loves driving and you know that kind of thing. So it's like, because he took us one year, two Yellowstone. Is that the one in Montana? The National Park?
We
got to see the Kaiser and uh the uh geothermal every now and then. But we actually went through a whole bunch of parks. I don't know, we saw the Grand Tetons I think the, the rocky mountain. And it was because we have the Adirondacks, but it's like, okay, so, but when you go out there, there was this, remember we were driving along, it was my, my eldest son and then my two younger kids and they were almost grown. So we're just driving along to our right mountains just rose up. So we were like a, like a prairie, almost a flat field. And then the mountains were stopped and we I said, can you not here? And let's look at that. And so we just sat there and then I said like my two younger kids with the economy was like, so the, this feeling, this is really what is not when people say that's so awesome. No, this is awesome. But I still felt it again because I've never seen anything like that. So, you know, like what would you do if you won the lottery and whatever what I would do, I would travel and I don't want to go to like fancy places. I want to go see that kind of like go to Australia and see there and then travel this country and see all the, the natural wonder before. It's totally wrecked, which won't happen
in my
lifetime
book,
probably years.
Oh
you know?
Uh huh.
But
well
yeah, well Karl, Karl not carl, what do you want to say? Carl Sandburg, the the guy who wrote cause uh where'd you go?
Oh the dog, put a pot, go on guys, you guys are like having two Children in the house um curl sagan, he said
years and years ago, he said the earth can just shrug us off like we're nothing like, like I said, it will heal itself without us. Okay, get off, get off the bed, get yeah right, they're stop but I believe that but
it
was everything and locked down like the they're saying, oh the air is cleaner and the canals in venice are cleaner and data and I was like, well that makes sense, dirk uh
Everybody stay home. Yeah.
I don't
Oh man, that's kind of cool though. Really convention like sitting in your living room xerox baby like hey, I'm kind of like that.
Not a fair, I don't want to, but
do your
wouldn't that be hilarious though?
You
know what? Stop stop. Um Well we live in, you know like I said we live in a really rural area, so get up so we get to kind of get in there. Uh we see like Darrell stuff but mostly when it's running in front of our car, you know? Um
Oh
he walked
through.
I love him or
she
is
Exactly. That's exactly right. Right. Like
you're seeing a tsunami, can you do that? You know? You know, thunderstorm, we can do that. So yeah.
But I
hope, I hope people smart enough, you know about especially about like cleanliness and keeping the world clean and reducing emissions and getting I mean, and I know this is gonna make me sound, you know how people say, OK boomer. But you know
when I was no, I don't mean you would say it, but I can't keep telling people are their eyes glaze over. It's like, okay, so when I've grown up, we use paper and glass and it was okay, they're both renewable and you can recycle them and they don't make the ocean a pile of like a cess pit, you know, So I was like, no, we go back to that really.
What's the harm and putting stuff in glass bottles? So you get a little more breakage. Okay? So what, you know, that's something and today have insurance for that do that.
And
then paper, like I remember telling my students um where we grew up in Rhode Island, Of course this is in the early 60s, early 70's. There was people had garbage cans built into the ground in front of their house where they would put their uh compost like their potato bills and stuff. And then the local farmers come and you know, they'd empty him a couple times a week for their animals. It's like what do we do that um or post pile or you know, I don't know. I
don't
know.
huh.
Yeah, they there was a local dairy here because like one of the industry's here is dairy farming and one of the dairies local dairies cells there so half gallon sized right of and you know, they're really they're good shape, their good shape to hold, they had the little handle on the top that was plastic. But um okay so you just freaked out. I mean they could actually get rid of that wouldn't wouldn't hurt it. Um But we couldn't get it locally. We had to go to Watertown to get it. So we did And but then in the winter time like I was saying earlier it's like I'm not driving 2040 miles in a snowstorm blizzard to get milk. So but really I mean I don't know what's I mean upfront Probably it would cost more you know like threat than plastic. But in the long run I don't see the harm in it. Stop. Well they're not you get over there you you're quiet on the floor. Go come here.
Yeah. She's a good girl actually. They're both really people loving dogs. Just he went out the front window and he's read alerting every time like I don't know, he's just a bird at the bird feeder. It's like stranger danger. Yeah. My neighbors love them. Okay.
The winter girl closed now, but in the summertime. So like we went to the, I went to the driving, it was really hot. So I left the windows open. I wasn't thinking about the dogs. I come back, my message on my phone is flashing. Yeah, shut those effing dogs up right now. And
I was like,
I didn't
really, I wasn't here. Honestly, I wouldn't have done that to anybody. But I went over the next day like, sorry, I said every time I leave and she goes, oh yeah, so now I put him in the kennel when I leave so they can the
hang,
it's
just a little
wire can, it's right
here.
And like he just went into it. It used to be when I would leave for work in the morning, I would just put them in there and let them out when I go home. But my my kids are home now because they can't work and um I'll actually one of them can't work so
I leave him out and now they're not used to doing it anymore. So I was like well get
in the Catalan
let's just go there in it. Okay chill I'm cool. But I was just looking up so the windows here are big like hi and I was looking up film that you can get to cover like like privacy film. And I was like I could get privacy film for the bottom of the windows then I could have a son coming in but I wouldn't have to listen to somebody barking incessantly would I because I don't want to pull this is in the whole room, it's dark you know? So I was just just I was just looking that up so but it's not cheap like I just I just put like, you know my neighbors would love that. Just put newspaper. Yeah. Like back in the day, keep the house warm. Newspaper on the wall. God I grew up you were that for they had newspaper on their walls. It's like, oh well it's better than nothing. Yeah.
that's
exactly what it was. Yeah. It's funny though to think of poverty like you know, but it was it wasn't just them, it was a whole bunch of people so you know on the ordinary. Yeah.
Oh
That's what I was just looking at those flowers and I was like I could look at every day. Yeah. Yeah
and it's just this this is it just clings, like uh like a static cling to just I was like okay, I can do that, it does not like adhesive clean. And uh the great, I'm trying to put this one and she keeps dragging my hand off. Look at that. Like having two spoiled brat kids, right? Yeah. I
know.
Well my my middle son Joshua, he he doesn't live here anymore, but he visits, he is deathly allergic to cats and I didn't know we
had cats and he was like snorting and red eyed and took it, you know? And finally took him to the doctor and he's like got allergies. Do you have any animals? And like yeah, we have a cat, you know, so we had we actually had to give it away and but so now though he's grown up and he gets allergy shots and all that other stuff. So, um he can tolerate being around the dogs because he's not he's still allergic to him, but not just cat allergies, some from are pretty severe. But my
granddaughter, Christina has three cats. And my God, they're pretty, I like cats. I like animals. I really like cats and dogs. And but yeah, so they're they're just a different kind of, they're not as annoying as dogs, right?
And that
meeting, we don't bark for no reason. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know what,
you know. Yeah, they'll go away from them. They won't bite Well, maybe they'll bet you like you just said, but it's not like a about people getting attacked by cats. Like little kids get attacked by dogs. Oh,
My daughter cleared me that she's always bringing up to me, look at this Tiktok, and so she put it on my phone for me. But what a time suck. Oh my gosh! Like, so I took it off. I was like, uh some of them are hilarious though. It's like p where do people get these ideas from? Uh
she's she's good, good.
Yeah.
Questions.
No.
Well, my daughter, my oldest daughter stayed with us for a little while, um and she had two cats and they were, I can't remember the name of them, but they're really beautiful with blue eyes. Anyway, you'd be asleep at night, they'd be up racing around, you could hear them even though they have little soft feet and they would jump on the bed and kind of claw their way up to you. And I remember waking up one morning and kelly kelly, I was like, you know if those cats are big enough they would eat us. They're just really little predators. They really are.
I know it was funny. So
I was
just
gonna say my daughter showed me a tic tac about
Tiger King yesterday we saw that it was on and then of course, you know where we live, you can't, there's nothing to do. So we watched it and then last night um Ruthie was in the tub and I was like and I said Ruthie there's another episode of Tyre King. They did like a wrap up episode with Putin Yeah, personalities on the show. And but I said, I guess,
you know if they say it takes all kinds of people to make a world but holy
cow,
What a hot messages that poor soul. God
you know.
God. You know what I want to know is like how did he grow up? You know, I used to think that about Robin Williams because he was so funny and so crazy. I used my kids. I want to meet his mother, his poor mother, but she was a nice happy lady because you know, he he did interviews with her and but joe exotic. It's exotic. I want to know how he grew up because it's like, what kind of people were
were you surrounded by that? You ended up this just like this much of a wacko because pretty much of a and I get and I didn't know this because, you know, I'd like to keep an open mind, but um with the people last
night that they re interviewed said that he really didn't like the animals and I was like, oh that makes me feel the people working with them. You know, like the poor girl, did you watch it? The poor girl who
got her or that's Yeah.
Yeah. She loves she still loves the animals. She said well you know he was just doing what the cats do and I was like I love you what a nice thing to say because she's right you know she herself there. Right
And then all the other people were like no we love work with the animals but he didn't really like them and he was I guess afraid of them. And I said so as the money was like an attention money kind of thing. But yeah
but carol Baskins meme oh my
I'm going and then they asked everybody last night oh I'm ruining. Yeah. Um
Yeah. Absolutely. It's pretty outrageous. Yeah. But they asked everybody last night do you think this lady had you know murdered her husband? And every single one of them? Yes. And holy crap. Okay. Because I mean he said, I don't, I try to, you know, like I want to know the facts, not just what the media is saying or what like you just said any payment shows saying, but there are there. And they also, yeah, she absolutely did. Even
people
who were kind of on the periphery said, oh yeah, she killed, I was like, poor soul should
have seen
that coming. It's funny brother was like, like joe exotic and then carol we're so much alike, but just different genders. Like really not just sick people. It's
like, yeah,
and not
really good morning.
No, I know that's what I said to my daughter. I was like, she's unthinkable. So people want to believe she did it, but they have, they didn't show any because she isn't really likable at least not to me. I said
but you know now and I said but it's easy to say that about people that other people don't like. It's easier to
accuse some of things and have a big yeah because she she's you know the B. Word or whatever, it's like well she can be the B. Word and not have killed her husband. Got news for you every day that happens. Yeah.
but
what exactly. And come on, I mean if you were going to sneakily kill somebody for money right you'd make it look like an accident and if she that would
be an accident right? Oh the tigers got him. She was, it was called The Complete Said, oh my gosh the tigers attacked him. I mean he's not a dummy, she's a smart lady.
So yeah that I didn't buy that, I think they just don't like, it will be fine. Yeah.
when
right? Meanwhile. And I mean, I know she agreed to do the show and all, but meanwhile this is what I think she has to live her life now and and and people watch that show, we're now put in a position to think she's a murderer and dislike her nature. And I said to my daughter, I was like, who I mean? So we want like we watched the show to be entertained because some parts of what we're so cringe inducing like,
oh God, you know, it's like no um
apart. Um but yeah, so now and say the same for the joe exotic guy, he people either going to really like him or really hate him and uh I don't think there's any in between for either of them.
I am.
Yeah. It's like a little manipulation here. But entertainment, if you take it for that. Yes. And not just like uh like a crime drama or more you know, moral indicator or whatever then. Yeah.
Mhm.
It
is.
well.
Or
well do you remember the part or did you get to the part where the young man killed himself? Okay, so they talked and I was glad they did. They talked to the uh the other man that was in the room when it happened. He said that wasn't a suicide. He said what happened was the I can't remember the kid's name. Yeah.
Travis.
Travis had a new gun that joe had given him and he was the other guy. This gun won't fire without a clip or something. And so he was indicating to the guy that he was trying to show the guy say it won't fire
because
he
smoked. Yeah he did and he killed and shot himself. But the guy who was there that he was speaking with said the look on his face, you know pretty much told him he had no idea that that gun was going to go off and I was like oh that would be so nice for his poor mother to know. You know Because because now she now she'll know because I mean no, I mean even though her son is dead, poor soul, I would rather know that than think my son was so unhappy that he shot himself in a so yeah
so
it's not happening here in mind that's perfectly said. Yeah, but but still tragic. It's like uh huh. I can't believe they actually mean they didn't show show it but they did show it and I was like good God. Um
because I get like those cameras up like all over the compound.
Yeah. And I think they timed this out spend. It's been almost an hour.
It was great. No it has it 45 but it's been great to talk to you though. I'm glad I was
paired
with you.
Me too. Well we have a good today.
Nice part to you. Bye for now.