Mhm. Mhm. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Oh okay mm. Sure. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Right.
Hello?
wow that's cool. I don't miss I think this is my fourth time too and I've only connected with two people right
my third I like this one this one's fun.
I don't
know I never
know what
to
talk about during these um
My name is Rebecca.
Oh that's nice. Um
Nice to meet you derek. Um
Where are you from?
Also you're an organ right now
I
I wanted to move to Oregon. It's so beautiful there
but whether,
Oh my God no.
I live in California so it's really hot here too. I don't I think we had rain last year I can't remember. Yeah
no thank goodness I live in like southern
California. Um I know they were more in the central I don't like that. Um Thank God. No. Um Yeah it would have been,
the sky was like horrible, like it was red and like grey all day
outside.
Especially
Yeah, I'm getting nervous for the elections. I actually
I'm volunteering as a poll worker. Uh
Mhm.
Similar,
I just lined up because right now I don't have a job so I was like just something to earn a little extra money, but I'm just so nervous. I hope there's that most people did the mail in, but I don't think so. Um
Yeah. Yeah, I'm going I did three days, I think you could do up to five. Um I was like, I'm just gonna do three and I was like, I don't wanna work on Halloween, but they didn't put me on Halloween, which
is good. Uh
But yeah, like I hopefully
we'll be safe and stuff but I do have teeth.
Good
morning.
Oh wow that's really that's cool,
You guys like grow your own food or anything?
I'm sorry.
That's
I hardly see, I mean some houses have solar panels but like I don't know when around me.
we've
had
this to actually um
they
don't have scheduled ones because I know some some areas are but um like we've been uh some neighborhoods like just the power will go out
at night
I don't even have an easy I so wish I did
what I like you know with some energy but like it's so hot too, I just go outside when it's I don't even want to be inside when it's hot. It's been cooling. Yeah, like right now like 77 so not bad.
you guys get snow? Yeah
wow. I've never smelled.
I know. Big bear isn't so far from us but I've never really been like,
I know I do I do want to see it, it's just like I don't have time right now. Full of C
I will I think my friend wants to go, I think this december but I'll have to see so if I have enough to save up we will.
Yeah, I actually just got one which is really nice. Um I mean we could probably just go for the day. That's what people do. Yeah. Oh
yeah. Um It's not that long I think like two hours or something. Yeah,
it's really not, we're really close by. Um Just look to the mountains.
that's probably what I'm gonna end up doing.
Yeah, I'm nervous, luckily where I am. It's not crazy.
Um like I have seen like videos of people just like so awful just standing outside
knowing
I think
well and then I think, excuse me, I think my polling station is at a like elementary school, so I'm like, I don't think anyone's gonna be crazy at a freaking elementary school. I hope not. So. Uh
The problem.
hmm.
Man.
I think our stuff, I think stuff is still happening right? Yeah.
Yeah. It's crazy. Um luckily nothing around me. I guess I'm lucky. So you must
be good.
has something. Yes. I
learned department. Oh my God, marble
and
Yeah. I've always wanted to live. Like I, I've always wanted a big yard, like a big backyard and
like a bunch of like animals and stuff. Not right now though.
Do you have any animals
more
than
you're friendly?
Different. I think usually they get scared and I think they'd rather run away than. Yeah.
I'm in a two bedroom right now. Um 18 like 50 a month. Bad horrible. I think even I think even like a one bedroom That's like 12-1400 studios, that's at least 1000 for a studio like. Yeah. So horrible. Um Yeah and then I have a lot of friends because I'm in college right now. Mhm.
History
history. Yeah, I want to be a teacher. Um
But I have a lot of friends, you know they have to have roommates and stuff sharing like quality house
with like eight people all paying like 6 700 each. It's so bad.
mhm.
my
huh That's one thing I've had roommates before. We all thought about the kitchen and I like to cook and I'm very clean. Some people hate cooking and they just leave all their take out stuff everywhere. Yeah, it's a really big contention people.
Crash
Do you get nervous?
You know? You like
it.
You're
lying.
You're
lying to me right now.
Yeah. No way.
That is amazing.
that's true.
You must
have a well.
I want to see, I've never met anybody who like lives like
that. Yeah,
my God, that is
beautiful.
You don't you don't know my view is working on.
Oh my God. Was gorgeous. Is
it just when your wife,
Oh the other kids
calm,
Let's sleep.
You have
the accent,
No,
it's nice. Yeah,
you did say you were from us and I was going to ask. So you guys moved out here on purpose, like just for them. Yeah. That must be nice to get out of there, so.
my gosh, I guess right now I can say I'm like a sophomore college. Yeah,
credit wise. Yeah, but I've been going
to
right now. It's online. So um I love it. A lot of like my friends and stuff hate it, but I I personally like it. I can go on my own pace. Um just made um But yeah, credit wise I'm a sophomore.
I think they're doing that like um like my little sister, she's in fifth grade right now. They definitely make them like they have to participate in stuff, but I
think we're adults, like no one has the camera on, no one speaks or
anything
which is fine, like I like
it and I think the professor is due to yes
and
right now I'm uh my specification is in U. S. History, modern U. S. History. But like you know I'm I'm really like I keep thinking if I want to change it and stuff so I'm not sure. No.
um I wanna be a middle school teacher so you actually have to know um european history, um modern U. S. History and then like uh prior to like civil war kind of. Yeah so from there so I basically have to cover like the general Everything just to teach 6th 7th 8th grade.
I like kids. I really do, I've worked at a school before, it was great. Um So that age group though I can't do any younger.
It
takes time, it really does. Um my sister's 10 and I when I was her age but my parents are super hard on me um Like I knew all my times tables and I read like so many books, but like I asked her like what, you know, like 12 times 11 and she's like what?
I know, I know, but don't worry, he'll get there so Oh
Honestly my theory is like, I don't know because we're not allowed to count anything until November 3rd, so and that's gonna take forever. Um So this is my theory, One of them is just gonna be like, I'm weird with like anything I can remember and we'll go from that, that is my theory and you can hold me from that, you will be like that weird girl
prolific
said that and it happened.
that's what I'm thinking. At least you're set, you know.
I'm
not
really one to like vote and stuff. I honestly, I did it because I needed money, but you know, I mean, I guess like I haven't really been like, I can't even go online without everything telling me to register to vote. It's so annoying. Very annoying and I'm just like, I already am, leave me alone. I keep getting text messages. It's
I don't know. Yeah,
of course.
That's usually where I get my news though.
yeah. Yeah.
So just keep an eye on everything. So I'm happy to you and your family are good there. So you have all that space.
I
think my city is like the number one in L. A. County. I'm not
even joking, So remember one I don't call, but this city is known for like their night lights and stuff and I guess all those dinosaurs just don't want to stay inside. They need to go out and have a drink so
that me, so
I'm sure you guys don't have a problem in your
acres. Maybe the deer?
Independent.
No,
no, that's nothing,
it's like on my street,
it's like
blah.
um like movie theaters and stuff are not open, restaurants are open for exceeding outside.
No, inside. Um But that's basically it like. Yeah, like even like hair salons and nail salons, like they're doing them inside now. Like I didn't know if that's possible, but I've seen them. Um There's this whole thing with Disneyland, Everyone is up in arms over Disneyland. Um There are
people,
thank you for your
time.
There are people spending their time protesting outside. There's nothing to open it. And I'm just like, You're like 30, like go home. Like, you know, I don't I don't understand.
Well, that that's a big major contention right now. So Disney last uh current.
Yeah, because over there in Orange County, that's where it is. Super conservative, like very, very conservative. So, you know, there's always fringes on either side there. It's bad,
I think you're eating inside actually. Okay.
But your rates are little, that makes sense. No, no, they stopped reporting. Uh
I'm counting out, they told the state like we're not even going to count and we're like, okay, yep,
they don't, if
you don't count,
that's the
only
I think area here, that's like that. Yeah, but it's, I don't even go over there. I don't
for me
so.
And
then
her friends who got it and they're fine. Like they didn't die or anything. But I have a friend, she doesn't have any sense of smell.
Yeah. Still it's been like three months. Um So yeah, I'm gonna kill you like the young people. But like, you know, that's your sense of smell. Like what the heck
Yeah. That's horrible. So
she can't even eat anything. Like everything
tastes
and
like
mm So hopefully that will come back. Then. I have another friend who just has like a cough,
like all the time. Well, thank God
it's nothing worse. But you know, it's just like, that's still like
Yeah. You're not going to be 100 yeah.
Eventually nine with him more.
It really depends on what stream and I don't
know much about like corona viruses and stuff.
It just depends. I don't really know. So um I wouldn't take it now though.
I say. Yeah. So
I'm
here
maybe the end of next year. That's what you'd be more confident because you can't really rush these things.
So
Question.
Like that's
just
how I feel.
What
reading
that they said he might have been part of the placebo group. Uh huh. At all.
I am. I for one will not take it now. I don't know how people volunteer for that stuff. So they must
be one. So
I want to get
people, I'm not
listening at
my door.
No, I've heard I wanted to, but like people say it's so bad. Like, so I didn't do that. Um, I actually found this on Reddit and I was like me. So I've been doing it since I think like december. Yeah, so I like
it.
So I don't need to do
this is my fun money.
We will
This is actually my fly right now. I need
a freakin fix it. So yeah,
some whole thing with like the transmission, it was really old. Like that's the reason why I could afford it.
2005.
Yeah, but it's like there's a lot of miles on it, but I think it's good. I think tomorrow we're taking it in and they're going to see what they can do. So
Toyota Corolla.
You what?
Yeah, I like it. Um I had a guy see it last weekend and he said that there was like a lot of metal in my transmission fluid, something I don't know much about cars. So we're going to have that replace to see if that helps, like the whole like, they're gonna take it out and put it in again.
It's like 180,000. Yeah. So,
Okay. I have no idea if the old owner did that, so I have to ask him. I doubt it. He's not very I'm
I never really noticed it. Um Yeah, so, um but my friend's dad is gonna replace the transmission food for me, then
we're
you have someone to help me.
25.
It was. Thank you so much.
Yeah. Finally. Yeah, your face.
Thank