somebody here. How are you?
Hello, this is like the 4th 1 I did that, you know? This is the second person that showed up and the first person I can actually see.
So you're my second congratulations.
Yeah. So what do you want to talk about? Okay.
200
close
to
3000
Rebecca.
And my wife seems Rebecca to.
it's one of those new names. My name's eric
to meet you. I'm
from originally Chicago and then I moved to bonanza Oregon. Yeah,
middle of nowhere. On top of the mountain, off the grid,
like literally,
it
is, lots of trees. We live in a desert um basically and on the edge of a desert. So I live in bonanza, it's got Like 300 days of sunshine here. We haven't had rain in like 150 days.
Yeah, it's too dry. It's it's horribly horribly dry. How about you? Where do you live?
And you, were you affected by the fires?
What?
now the smoke was terrible and uh I mean normally we go through some kind of a smoky season, this was like awful, awful, just so thick and you couldn't breathe and the next thing you know, you're just moved to the country, they said breathe that mountaineer, they said it was just terrible. Um
it was,
the sunsets were beautiful and uh sometimes that's it's always good, but uh it it's just it's too much too much, too much other stuff going on, everything everywhere, you
know? Yeah. Holy
I mean to
really?
How
did you get involved in that?
no, I think it's gonna be crazy, I mean I don't you know uh so you're in southern California, this uh lot of people down there, so I just got one station you got to go to and it's like all day.
That's
good.
No,
that's my wife, she just she put that, you know, first we live
off
grid. So everything we have to do is like there's no coffee pine, so it's like instant. Yeah. Yeah,
so we have solar power and Yeah, well
we try what ends up the chipmunks eat everything or the deer and the rabbits are, you know, we head of greenhouse this year and that worked out ok until the end of the season and then all the chipmunks ate everything.
It's okay. Now we got beer, we got deer outside that come and eat everything to we feed them corn. Yeah, it's good.
It's good. Yeah.
It's going to be more and more pretty soon I think. Especially like, you know, maybe not by you, but the northern half of your state they keep shutting down all the power on and off. And then
you can go
with,
did you have the brownouts or the blackouts or the
rolling
That's
crazy. That's why I couldn't stand it. You know? Especially like in the middle of summer where you got your air condition going, I think L. A. Really like got affected bad with that and they're like please turn your thermostats up to the 78 or um
maybe I don't.
We're starting getting to freezing temperatures overnight last night was 26 the night before 17.
ft.
No way. Really? Uh huh.
so there you go, you got something to put in your pocket, let's
Go see some snow, throw some snowballs, build a snowman and go back home.
everything is like do you have a car?
How far is it dr
yeah
yeah, go up to the mountains, go see some snow come back. And
so so you're going to be a pulp like you're gonna be like sitting there, this is what I imagined in your voting thing. Like every you would be to see every realm of humanity possible. It's going to be the wonderful or awful.
No.
people are awful.
You can't just
keep
any time you start working with politics or anything like that, it gets
people get really passionate about it and uh
they they end up just it's going crazy. I mean like you know Portland's been um
you know we hear about it but they've been nonstop fighting for like was over 100 days. Yeah. Just
Like what, what do you guys want? Let's just give, just give them what they want and they can just stop. But there's, I don't know what they want. Who knows? You know?
I could,
you know, But you know, where I live is is uh, you know, it's very rural. I mean we're like my nearest neighbors over a mile away. So um, yeah, you can do whatever you want up here, you know? It's
yeah.
Yeah,
stack stacked cube of doom. Right.
Gosh.
We have almost 10 acres out here.
Well, uh, we have a couple of dogs. We don't have any chickens or anything like that, but
you know,
we do feed the deer and they come up every day and There's like five of them now.
They haven't met me yet, so.
I think they're really, you know friday. They'll just be spooked. Uh So what is the what is the rents down like where you're at?
do you what are you studying
history?
Good.
restrictions.
That's so terrible. Yeah.
one fridge you
get half a shelf. Yeah.
No it's it's so like Incas comparison. Okay. Uh So we have a three bedroom house,
Right? It's in the middle of nowhere, the nearest town is about 30 miles away But it's a 45 minute drive. There's no traffic.
No
no
I like it But we're paying $550 a month and we have nine acres of land and you can do whatever you want.
So.
No
I'm not.
I'm probably not.
No. Yes. Talk honest truth.
That's amazing. But there's no there's no amenities just you know we don't
even have, we don't have our own electricity. I mean we we got we have got to make your own and and then the water we have to haul it.
It
well there's a well down in the bottom of the mountain and you haul your water from there and then In a truck the truck's got a tank on. Its got 450 gallons tanks on it. And then uh he end up putting into a cistern and then um the sister, you know, gravity feeds into the house and then you can just turn on your faucet and it's just like regular water. But you know, it's crazy. It's like having a second. I'll take you with me for a second. You,
I
don't know if you can see. Yeah.
Like
it's crazy.
Shit. Like. Yeah.
So
me and my wife and my son
He's eat or he's going to be
eight.
Yeah. Um it's a different world. Different lives. You know? We lived in Chicago forever for like 40 years and then we moved out here. It's quieter, slower paced, a lot slower
pace.
Do I? I'm trying to lose it but
it's okay.
Hi.
Get out of there. Yeah. That's okay. It's all good. And then uh so what your school are you in it? Uh huh.
Credit wise.
So
it is it in person or or all online?
You know what I didn't like about the online classes was that whole I don't know if you guys have to do the interaction like chat room stuff?
drag.
Of
course.
All
it's uh history what kind of history New.
Very old. Yeah.
you got time and then you're studying teaching too.
Well, it's it's raising the future of America. Right,
no, no, it's it's really tough. You know, we're doing home school here and um three days a week, my son's in a hybrid program, so He's in school for two days and then home for three. And oof, it's pretty rough. It's a you know, there's a lot of anxiety and yeah, a lot of both our parts, you know, he's still struggling to read and we're working on that, but you know, it comes it
comes
Yeah. What? Oh no. Why would anybody care about that?
Yeah. It's uh yeah, eventually we hope um but you know, every day is a new challenge. So, so what do you think uh we think is going to happen after this, this election cycle?
So
it,
wow, okay. I don't know, it could have happened I suppose.
Yeah, whatever, you know, I'm just I just we bought some extra popcorn and you know, I've got a great view so we just watched the television, eat our popcorn and And watch it happen one way or the other. So yeah, but we're out here with uh you know, your ultra conservative, you know, crazy people, but uh more moderate kind of guy and you know, we'll see what we can get. But it doesn't matter. I mean it doesn't matter.
I
actually.
You know,
you know what the worst thing I ever did was sign up for twitter
and uh boy that's that is just well you can wake up real quick in the morning just read a little twitter. Oh my God what happened? You know? And uh
No. So do I what's going on with the world And you get there first and then like three days later they reported under. Yeah. All right.
If they ever shut down the internet didn't even know some things it would lose her mind I think.
A lot of coronavirus where you're at is there? He
has.
Congratulations.
No. No.
And it's good.
No.
We have three hunt. I work at the hospital too.
So at work as a medical biller We have like 380 cases since it started
here.
It's nothing.
Yeah. That's like it could be in your apartment. I don't know how big
the thing
is. Yeah. Yeah. With 380 cases and uh like our is everything open? There's nothing open. What's opened by you.
Okay. So no inside. Okay.
It's
the happiest
place
on earth.
Creation.
I don't know the happiest place on earth is closed. Sorry?
You got to watch out for the left, extreme, left and extreme. Right. That's why it's You can go, what the hell are you guys doing?
we're eating inside here. But they, you know, every other table.
This report
well, how can we
let's
no tests and no count perfect
every
time.
Thank
you. Pretending it doesn't exist. Is not uh
It's not at all going to work out for you in the long run. It just that
was
talking,
Still.
terrible. No, that's terrible.
It's
everything
tastes
the same.
It's been three months, Huh?
Come on
now.
Yeah. It's gonna, yeah, there's gonna be a percentage of people. They're just going to carry it with them. Just messed up for a long time. And that's what we're not. Nobody's saying that, you know, I'd like them to report that a little bit more. Hey, you might get it right. He might recover. But what would be like not to be able to smell something or case something or or uh you know, just have a cough for the rest of your life. Yeah.
Mhm. You think they're going to come up with the vaccine?
You think it's going to be as effective as like the flu shot, which is like between 25 and 60. All depends on the year
and
Yeah. You're right.
No.
When
we
went, when do you think you'd be able to like, okay, I can take it.
No,
you know, you know, you wake up and you know, you know you're here is slid down. Sorry.
Yeah. My glasses are going to be completely skewed. I'm not gonna sign up for that. There was
There
was some
there was somebody in in brazil that died from the Astrazeneca was developing a vaccine
but they just announced that it was going to continue forward. So I guess it wasn't from the vaccine, but
I
Just anybody. No, I mean can we look about
It's
probably, it's probably the same way you volunteered to do the voting thing. Hey,
I
need,
here's
$7.7 whole. Yeah, we do prolific. It's quarter here. Do you do you do anything else like mechanical turk?
You
know.
Yes. You know a little bit of extra
yeah. Yeah, exactly. Some some, you know, extra few dollars in your Paypal account doesn't hurt anything now. You can pay by gas and go up to the,
to the mountain. See some snow
ever.
What's wrong with your car?
Sure. What what year is it?
It's not that really old, but yeah. Okay.
What what kind of car is it?
That's a good car
And and because it's just shift and weird.
How many miles do you have on it?
Do you know if you ever had your transmission service before?
Is it shifting hard?
Good,
good, good.
That's good. Okay. I think we're done.
Yeah, I think let me let me double check here. Um, but no, it's really nice talking to you
and thanks for showing up.
Yeah. Yeah. No, we made it so it's all good. Uh
bye.