SPEAKER_L: the dollar. Rose knows delivering some of the conveniently have thoughts that savage whoever even better introducing down those cars on delivery. Just pull up check in online and you bring your food to you is carry out delivery simply all money, simple, all natural ingredients and your, what time is the game? Wonder what time did the Eagle for them? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Well you two have so called smelling the way that you know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Can you believe it is getting these days you have to ask you? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello there. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I can only see the top here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just stupid computer. It's like my cats broke it so it only stays open one way.
SPEAKER_R: I've been there. How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Omar Right. This is trying to see which channels football game is on tonight. I wasn't paying attention is
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. Let's tonight's thursday. That's right. I'm a casual I don't have a team. I go for I like the game. I don't know I'm more of a basketball guy but I like uh I grew up more of a college football kind of guy.
SPEAKER_L: I like college football.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from the south you know? It's a big deal down there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just moved to Tennessee so I'm kind of close yourself,
SPEAKER_R: Oh I grew up in Mississippi actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Come from philadelphia
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. I'm actually in a pit so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This is a big difference to me. I'm used to having a million stores around me, not used to everything being 45 minutes away,
SPEAKER_R: all right. I don't miss that.
SPEAKER_L: definitely not used to this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know I will say this is going to be my first winter actually out north so I am going to miss that. I'm sure I'll survive though, you know? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Even if Pittsburgh gets cold I heard.
SPEAKER_R: It was really warm just an hour or two ago. I'm sure that won't last. But you know it's
SPEAKER_L: it was born here too.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty up here. I'm in Aliquippa which I guess is like 1520 minutes away from the city. So I can't really tell that it's the city, but it's not that far away, it's nice, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cool. You just
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: move up there, are you up there like visiting or,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I just moved up here uh yeah, about two weeks ago. Not quite about the about to start working at a CBS, we'll see how that goes.
SPEAKER_L: Uh that's cool. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure there, you know, whatever, there are worse jobs, I'm sure I've been out of work since april Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: too. Pretty much,
SPEAKER_R: Did you get because of the pandemic? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I mean everything in P. A. Was closed, like there was nothing open where I was down here. Everything is just like nothing happened. Every nothing close down here.
SPEAKER_R: I had kind of noticed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean there was no school where I was, everybody was being home school with computers, virtual schooling. Like everything's just opened down here. It's totally different.
SPEAKER_R: I was back in Mississippi in july and I kind of noticed and I I don't think there's really a good solution either way, you know what I mean? You got to I think go one way or the other, you know what I mean? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: governments not helping by screwing everybody with their money to. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'd say I'm pretty much an independent, but honestly kick them all out this time, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: they say I'll probably tune into that debate that starts eight PM here I think. I guess you're in central time, right?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm at the same time. Yeah, I'm in the same time zone, so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Kind of central time was nice because you still got the people an hour ahead of you on the east if you want to talk to them and then mountain. Unless
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Hi. I had, let's see, I had just started a job right when lockdown started and about six weeks into it, they call us into the meeting room and say, hey we're moving everyone's job to the Dominican republic. So Sorry. Yeah, that was I ended up being able to get the, you know, that expanded that all unemployment. So I'm not going to lie. That wasn't half bad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I was getting that too. I mean, I was great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was only, I think I was making 12 something an hour. So obviously I was making more on unemployment.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty much everybody was. That's why nobody wanted to go back to work. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: right. You know I like this CVS is going to have me at 11 which great but it will be good to have something to do you know? Yeah. I'm hoping to uh I just turned 30. I'm hoping next year I'll kind of decide I'll find something more permanent to do you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There's really nothing to do down here. There's like nothing around here, like job wise, anything like everything is an hour awake. Mhm. Yeah. Like I was just looking to work at a pizza place. There's somebody we know damn pizza places around here. There's like two independent pizza place that resting like dominoes, little caesars. Mhm. What?
SPEAKER_R: They're actually I don't I'm carless but there's a let's see there's a papa john's and a pizza hut about a half mile down the road. I was thinking about my try one of those I don't know I
SPEAKER_L: Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: don't really have a food background.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just want to deliver food because I'm just I mean, I'm still collecting their 200 hours a week unemployment, but I mean I ain't doing nothing like that's not doing anything for me now. I mean it's better than nothing but I'm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's I
SPEAKER_L: just trying
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: to I'm just trying to find something cash now, I'm still collect their money until they decided to stop it. We'll give everybody their money again. I'm hoping trump doesn't get elected so just sign the damn bill and gets his damn money out again. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm I definitely think I have I'm not crazy about joe but I prefer him slightly. Yeah. I'm thinking if he is more than likely going to win so they say
SPEAKER_L: I think he is to trump just everybody is blaming trump for the money basically for people not getting their money now. Which I mean it's the truth, it's all the republicans in the senate that won't pass the damn bill and if biden gets elected in a democratic control, they got no say anymore. So everybody get their money. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely if trump loses which is more than likely going to happen, I flat out don't expect another stimulus, Maybe a 2% chance, you know.
SPEAKER_L: I think everybody will get it but it won't be the next year. Uh
SPEAKER_R: They say uh the Senate looks good for the democrats, you know it'll be close but it looks good. Uh But you know once the democrats
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: take over, the republicans are going to go back to
SPEAKER_L: hey.
SPEAKER_R: caring about the deficit, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's like the republicans want this, they won't pass the bill to the democrats are saying screw you, the republicans what they want. So it's just a freaking game. That's all it is
SPEAKER_R: No, no.
SPEAKER_L: with them now. I mean it really is not a democrat, we're trying to block the Supreme Court shit, but next week just because the republicans won't won't approve the stimulus, it's just a freaking game. That's all I can do this, you can do this, I can do this. I mean
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: is that more is a friggin game? It seems like
SPEAKER_R: I think congressional salary is 174,000 a year and they treat us like this, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah and it's not even their money. Like what the hell do they
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: care? The monies already put away? You can sign
SPEAKER_R: hey
SPEAKER_L: the damn who gives you shit. It's not coming out of their pocket. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yep. My
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh I think my only real thing, You know biden will be 78 next month which I don't love, but he he seems to be a good physical health and you know he used to have a stuttering problem, I think that's a lot of his verbal because he's not bad one on one, you know? It's more Yeah, but I think he's a good man, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I really don't care. I just don't want trump to be elected and I don't really care who was running against them. I think there's a complete idiot.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's the one like, you know, he he does so well with the evangelical vote, but I could not throw one second believe that man is a christian, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just like he's saying broke that dude ain't broke. He's probably got money in every country around the world.
SPEAKER_R: Eight. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: know and you're 12 casinos all your life and then claim your Brooke. I don't see how that happens. Yeah. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of read, you know, I was like a little kid during the 90s, but it seemed like things worked a little bit better with the government back then. Like they were more willing to say, hey, you do this, we'll give you this if you give us this. Yeah. And now it's just about keeping your job, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's hard now because they're saying obviously the cases are rising again because everybody is back in school they're going to find them shutting everything down again. Then what do people do? They got no unemployment? The government don't want to sign the money then what everybody just goes homeless.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That's I was technically homeless from like July two, like two weeks ago. I kind of bounced around you know? And I was because they had that safety net for the time being, and I was okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well you can't expect people. Yeah I knew that was gonna happen. But I mean the other thing is to like I don't understand everybody's getting like 8 900 hours a week. Why don't you paint you know what I mean? Like what are you doing with it? That's the first thing I was doing was making sure my damn rent was paid. Even whether or not allowed to kick me out or not, still you need a place to live.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I was I felt relatively fortunate because I Uh I was I was only had roommates, I was paying 500 a month and I was working, which 500 a month. Not too bad, you
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: not at all. Shit.
SPEAKER_R: So that was manageable. But like some people their parents or, you know,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. I mean everybody where I lived there getting that money like they're just going to walmart target cleaning the shelves out clothes, everything like uh huh. Hey your bills first before you go by the shit you
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: don't need mm.
SPEAKER_R: right.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And you know, right, when, right, when lockdown started, I read something like, maybe this will be the thing that heals the divide in the country and it's made it 10 times worse, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh it's going to get a lot worse before it gets better. But everybody going back to school because you know kids they're just touch everything, put everything in their mouth and eyes, they're gonna be spreading that thing of everybody. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And I don't, like I said, I I feel like I'm relatively moderate, you know? But I just don't think d t has been the man for the job, especially right now, you know? Yeah. They
SPEAKER_L: You know you're gonna buy and you get to like to know he's walking into a freaking nightmare with mm like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: walking right in the middle of a nightmare was
SPEAKER_R: your dog,
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: is that your dog? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Um You know what? You're working that you don't ever shut up.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I would love to get my own, I may, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: It's actually my friend's dog. I'm just down here staying with my friends. So
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah, I'm a big dog fan.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. See I like cats. I don't like dogs. That's why I don't like dogs are barking and noise. I can't stand
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My uh so the place I had previously lived before I was bouncing around and was florida and my buddy had two dogs, love them to death. But a any time you sneezed, they went crazy and if you open a trash bag, they just went crazy. That's, I don't miss that. But yeah, cats are definitely there chill, which is cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They don't make no noise. They don't do nothing. You don't got to walk them just clean your letterbox that once a day and you're good.
SPEAKER_R: right, yep. Yeah, I did. I know this makes me sound kind of not great due to the pandemic, but let's see at the end of june, my roommate was like, hey, my wife and I want to get our own place. So I went back home for a month And then I crashed on my Buddy's couch in Michigan for like two weeks rented in Chicago for a few weeks, crashed on my buddies in North Dakota. I wasn't like going out to the bars and stuff, you know? I stayed at home, I was just traveling. Yeah, it
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, they say uh biden will work all on a minimum wage increase and it doesn't, I don't feel like a minimum wage increase Has to make a hamburger, $10, you know? It probably will because all those people are greedy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: mean they have been raising and they said like 78 years or something. That's been the same. I mean everything goes up. Everything else goes up. How you gonna keep people stay the same. I mean it's the way people think and just don't make sense to me and they wonder why nobody wants to get a job at a fast food place. I mean You're paying people 800 hours a week. They're probably making $150 a week. Why the hell are you gonna want to go get a job?
SPEAKER_R: And the crazy thing I was, This is 2017. I was doing a temp job, but I was making 15 an hour in Florida, a state with no state income tax, making 15 an hour. I was pulling like 1000 every two weeks, that's not that much, you know,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: And People Act like 15 an hour is going to break the country, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I still have hope for things, but you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just gonna have a feeling this winter is going to be real bad whatever it is going around. I mean you gotta figure people getting
SPEAKER_R: Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: the flu and everything else on top of this crap that's going around. It's going to be bad.
SPEAKER_R: See?
SPEAKER_L: Then they're not going to know if they got this damn virus cold or flu. They're not gonna because everybody gets a fever coughs everything when you get the flu. So how you gonna know the difference?
SPEAKER_R: As far as I know I have, I just got over something, but the symptoms did not correspond with Covid, But I mean, you know, I'm 30, they say younger people can definitely get it and not know it. I very well may have at it. You know, I've got my eye was a later in life baby. So I'm 30, my parents are in their seventies and I'm terrified
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: for him
SPEAKER_L: the way my
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: parents were. My parents were like 30 years, 40 years older than me actually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My they've done a good job to stay at home, you know? Yeah. But Mississippi has been hit pretty bad and you've probably seen him. I think I've heard about Tennessee as well. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I just heard the other day ph like went way the hell up they were down. They just daylight took a major jump from what they were because they were born the highest anyone to want a low is not our way back up there again.
SPEAKER_R: I saw the same thing about Connecticut Connecticut was doing great and now Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You really want me down here. Like nobody wears masks, Nobody does anything like you're doing P. A. So it's going to spread fast around here. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Like I didn't know it. Like I'm walking in stores down here like I'm M. P. A. With mass and everybody's looking at me like I'm a freaking alien or something like dude I'm not used to it. I'm like you can't do to some P. A. You get kicked out of the story. You don't even without in the street I'm asking shit on. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I uh I had you know I had that job in March and because of what it was, they made us wear them, so I've been wearing them since March and as far as I know it's helped you know and if it doesn't help so what, it's not like it's actually you know if unless you're in a small minority that actually can't wear on your fine, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it was bad in the summertime when it was hot out but it was bad. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: like I said
SPEAKER_L: Just forget it because obviously trump and all of them were wearing masks and he winds up getting it. So how's that if they helped so much obviously they're not helping like they should since they went around the white house and you always see them wearing mask. I mean I'm sure they don't do it when you're not on camera but shit.
SPEAKER_R: I have also, I've done my best to like not getting people's spaces, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I mean I do that too. I clean my hands every time I come out of the store because I'm not trying to get sick with that crap, I'm not trying to wind up in the damn hospital.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, I mean I'm you know, I'm healthy knock on wood but who the hell knows, you know, yep,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean they were saying just people with certain blood types react like get it worse
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or some people
SPEAKER_R: read
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: hard at all depends on your chest on my guess.
SPEAKER_R: yes, yeah. I try to I don't know. I try to I try to be healthy. I walk a lot. I eat okay. I don't eat great and I eat okay, you know? Okay. I'm hoping into, I don't know. Uh huh. I could get, I've got like call center experience so I probably could get a work from home gig, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what I was trying to find. I just I can't find it hard to find.
SPEAKER_R: And most places want you to have like actual like whatever you call it, not wifi, but like wired it or not, You know
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: what I mean? Yeah, I don't know. I'm talking to you on a Chromebook in most places want a PC or a Mac.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I'm on right now in Colombia.
SPEAKER_R: I love mine but doesn't really
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: fly. You know, I've got one of those ones you can flip it into a tablet is I like it. But I went to I bought it with my 1200 back in April because I was still working at the time who I bought it for like 600 and something. I go to best buy the other day. They got him at like 400. It was six months ago but still it was a little pissed. All right.
SPEAKER_L: That'd be really buying now because nobody's got no money. It's all the prices are going down like it was funny everybody around me, I'm just looking at the normal hill coming up with the cars they never had and shit like that. And then when he started getting their money it's like oh wow, I can't pay my car now. Cars are gone. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: You remember or at least I remember back in like March or april. They had floated the idea of the second check already and and I mean I read it calls something like 300 billion for the first one which I mean that's a drop in the buck, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: but you know come january february gets possible. Probably not until then.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, definitely not because trump is not going to sign it if you don't get reelected, he's gonna say screw everybody, you didn't vote for me. So I'm screwed. I'm
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: not going to get the money so he don't get reelected. He ain't signing nothing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh yep. And I mean I think they're saying he's probably got a 15% share and that's when I know they said that the last time. But joe biden isn't Hillary clinton, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nobody wanted her because of her husband. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure any other he would have lost in 2016 and if it weren't for her, you know? Yeah, but you know uh I Yeah, not not a huge fan of hers, I'll put it down, you know? Yeah, but you know, they I mean they're saying things aren't really going to be back to normal next year, but it'll kind of be you know, I'll get the vaccine. I'm not, you know, by the time I'm not like a health care worker or a senior so I figured by the time I'd be in line the whole have worked out the kinks, you
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just shady about that because anybody can read any different way to that thing. I mean the same flu shot. Some people find some people like my girlfriend used to get so freaking sick for two weeks. If she got a flu shot, she couldn't even get the damn, you don't know what they're putting in that damn vaccine, you know? I don't think I can do it. It'll be like I'm the one that's already kill it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm gonna want my parents to get it because they're old, you know? But I don't know we'll see what happens. I I just kind of haven't had I know it sounds terrible to say I haven't had the time to get a flu shot the past few years but I just haven't you know and I don't think I've gotten I used to be in the military so I had to but after that you know did you find a football game to watch?
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah my daughter came on at seven. I don't come on the weight though I mean it's the eagles in a giant so I mean it's too terrible teams to one. Well eagles are 14 and one giants are one and five so I'm really worth watching. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Like I said I don't really keep up with it but I had no idea that the Steelers were kicking ass this year.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah they're undefeated still I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know I think
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: I'm the same thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I you know Mississippi I used to usually root for them or Green Bay since Brett Farr was from Mississippi. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've always been a drew Brees fan so
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I've always been in New Orleans stain. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a great city. Oh yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh I would love to go down there.
SPEAKER_R: cracker. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's a good time. I don't drink anymore but let me tell you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, good times and
SPEAKER_L: I know that's probably like well that's probably better than Philly party wise.
SPEAKER_R: I'm, I'm hoping to, I have any of it hit pit yet, but once, like I don't really party so much anymore, but I want to hit Pittsburgh like actually see it and then Philly, I've done new york before, new york's a lot of fun. I would love to be super
SPEAKER_L: highly.
SPEAKER_R: rich and live there, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I haven't been to New York at the last time I was there for like 15 years ago.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, they say it's getting kind of dicey, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure, I'm sure it is,
SPEAKER_R: Largest and a I don't, you know, I'm not the biggest fan of the cops, but I don't think taking money away from them is going to fix anything, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: you know? All
SPEAKER_R: they say
SPEAKER_L: right, there's gonna
SPEAKER_R: there's a
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: of shootings,
SPEAKER_L: even more.
SPEAKER_R: they say there's like shootings are getting worse in new york.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, maybe I r I mean I'm not a big fan of the cops because they screwed with me in my whole life, so
SPEAKER_R: I've,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not a big, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: been a while.
SPEAKER_L: met that are cool or Philly like you can do what everyone feel. He's only, you ain't robbing and shooting somebody, they don't
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: shit
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: got real problems to solve.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, unless you got a gun or murder robbery or something, they don't give a shit about nine ev pulled me overriding
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: warrants out everywhere, like do get the hell out of here, they just don't give a shit.
SPEAKER_R: I, I'll tell you one quick story about the Mississippi cops and then I'll let you go. But this was 2008. I was 18. I was a little strung out at the time. I'm not gonna lie. But my buddy had gone out of town, but he told my friends and I, hey, you can go and hang out in my room since his room was like off by the garage. So we do, nothing happens. But I leave my phone charger there. I go back the next day to get it as I'm leaving my car gets stuck in the mud and I can't move it. His across the street neighbor comes over and he's like, hey, I know the Stokes are out of town, what are you doing here? And I'm like, hey man, I just left something here. Trent. Said it was okay. He calls the cops on me and here's the thing I had, I couldn't tell you how much, but I had like maybe an ounce or two of the shittiest we'd, you've ever seen in my glove compartment? I know that's stupid. That's on me. I'll admit it. And he calls the cops, they show up, they start questioning me. One of the cops goes, hey, you got anything you don't want me to find in the air. And I say no sir. And he says good cause I'm gonna look and they just don't look that get the guy's parents on the phone. They're like, oh, we know William, he's fine. Don't, you know, don't worry about it. And they like, that was the biggest close call of my life. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The only cops I ever met like that are fairly, you find someone you don't take it and just get the hell out here. They just don't care. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: correct. I was in Chicago a little bit recently and I loved it. I mean, you know, it's legal there, but you're not still supposed to walk down the street smoking a joint. They got, you know, 45 shootings a day or something in Chicago. They don't give a fuck, you know? Well, yeah, I believe looks like it's been just over 30 minutes. uh
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely. Take care of yourself, my friend
SPEAKER_L: All right. You need to have a good
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: time with
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: Take care.