the dollar. Rose knows delivering some of the conveniently have thoughts that savage whoever even better introducing down those cars on delivery. Just pull up check in online and you bring your food to you is carry out delivery simply all money, simple, all natural ingredients and your, what time is the game? Wonder what time did the Eagle for them? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Well you two have so called smelling the way that you know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Can you believe it is getting these days you have to ask you? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Just stupid computer. It's like my cats broke it so it only stays open one way.
Omar Right. This is trying to see which channels football game is on tonight. I wasn't paying attention is
I like college football.
Yeah. I just moved to Tennessee so I'm kind of close yourself,
Come from philadelphia
yourself.
Yeah. This is a big difference to me. I'm used to having a million stores around me, not used to everything being 45 minutes away,
definitely not used to this. Yeah.
Even if Pittsburgh gets cold I heard.
it was born here too.
Yeah, that's cool. You just
move up there, are you up there like visiting or,
Uh that's cool. Uh huh.
too. Pretty much,
I mean everything in P. A. Was closed, like there was nothing open where I was down here. Everything is just like nothing happened. Every nothing close down here.
I mean there was no school where I was, everybody was being home school with computers, virtual schooling. Like everything's just opened down here. It's totally different.
governments not helping by screwing everybody with their money to. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Right.
No, I'm at the same time. Yeah, I'm in the same time zone, so.
No.
Oh yeah, I was getting that too. I mean, I was great.
Yeah, pretty much everybody was. That's why nobody wanted to go back to work. Mhm,
Yeah. There's really nothing to do down here. There's like nothing around here, like job wise, anything like everything is an hour awake. Mhm. Yeah. Like I was just looking to work at a pizza place. There's somebody we know damn pizza places around here. There's like two independent pizza place that resting like dominoes, little caesars. Mhm. What?
Maybe.
Yeah, I just want to deliver food because I'm just I mean, I'm still collecting their 200 hours a week unemployment, but I mean I ain't doing nothing like that's not doing anything for me now. I mean it's better than nothing but I'm
just trying
to I'm just trying to find something cash now, I'm still collect their money until they decided to stop it. We'll give everybody their money again. I'm hoping trump doesn't get elected so just sign the damn bill and gets his damn money out again. Uh huh.
I think he is to trump just everybody is blaming trump for the money basically for people not getting their money now. Which I mean it's the truth, it's all the republicans in the senate that won't pass the damn bill and if biden gets elected in a democratic control, they got no say anymore. So everybody get their money. Mhm.
I think everybody will get it but it won't be the next year. Uh
Well
hey.
Yeah, I mean it's like the republicans want this, they won't pass the bill to the democrats are saying screw you, the republicans what they want. So it's just a freaking game. That's all it is
with them now. I mean it really is not a democrat, we're trying to block the Supreme Court shit, but next week just because the republicans won't won't approve the stimulus, it's just a freaking game. That's all I can do this, you can do this, I can do this. I mean
is that more is a friggin game? It seems like
yeah and it's not even their money. Like what the hell do they
care? The monies already put away? You can sign
the damn who gives you shit. It's not coming out of their pocket. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean I really don't care. I just don't want trump to be elected and I don't really care who was running against them. I think there's a complete idiot.
Yeah. Just like he's saying broke that dude ain't broke. He's probably got money in every country around the world.
know and you're 12 casinos all your life and then claim your Brooke. I don't see how that happens. Yeah. Really?
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. It's hard now because they're saying obviously the cases are rising again because everybody is back in school they're going to find them shutting everything down again. Then what do people do? They got no unemployment? The government don't want to sign the money then what everybody just goes homeless.
Yeah. Well you can't expect people. Yeah I knew that was gonna happen. But I mean the other thing is to like I don't understand everybody's getting like 8 900 hours a week. Why don't you paint you know what I mean? Like what are you doing with it? That's the first thing I was doing was making sure my damn rent was paid. Even whether or not allowed to kick me out or not, still you need a place to live.
No
not at all. Shit.
yeah. Yeah. I mean everybody where I lived there getting that money like they're just going to walmart target cleaning the shelves out clothes, everything like uh huh. Hey your bills first before you go by the shit you
don't need mm.
Uh huh.
Oh yeah. Oh it's going to get a lot worse before it gets better. But everybody going back to school because you know kids they're just touch everything, put everything in their mouth and eyes, they're gonna be spreading that thing of everybody. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
You know you're gonna buy and you get to like to know he's walking into a freaking nightmare with mm like
walking right in the middle of a nightmare was
it?
Um You know what? You're working that you don't ever shut up.
It's actually my friend's dog. I'm just down here staying with my friends. So
yeah. See I like cats. I don't like dogs. That's why I don't like dogs are barking and noise. I can't stand
it. Yeah.
Yeah. They don't make no noise. They don't do nothing. You don't got to walk them just clean your letterbox that once a day and you're good.
Yeah. Yeah.
mean they have been raising and they said like 78 years or something. That's been the same. I mean everything goes up. Everything else goes up. How you gonna keep people stay the same. I mean it's the way people think and just don't make sense to me and they wonder why nobody wants to get a job at a fast food place. I mean You're paying people 800 hours a week. They're probably making $150 a week. Why the hell are you gonna want to go get a job?
No.
I know.
Yeah. It's just gonna have a feeling this winter is going to be real bad whatever it is going around. I mean you gotta figure people getting
the flu and everything else on top of this crap that's going around. It's going to be bad.
Then they're not going to know if they got this damn virus cold or flu. They're not gonna because everybody gets a fever coughs everything when you get the flu. So how you gonna know the difference?
That's
the way my
parents were. My parents were like 30 years, 40 years older than me actually.
I just heard the other day ph like went way the hell up they were down. They just daylight took a major jump from what they were because they were born the highest anyone to want a low is not our way back up there again.
You really want me down here. Like nobody wears masks, Nobody does anything like you're doing P. A. So it's going to spread fast around here. Uh huh.
Like I didn't know it. Like I'm walking in stores down here like I'm M. P. A. With mass and everybody's looking at me like I'm a freaking alien or something like dude I'm not used to it. I'm like you can't do to some P. A. You get kicked out of the story. You don't even without in the street I'm asking shit on. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean it was bad in the summertime when it was hot out but it was bad. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh
Just forget it because obviously trump and all of them were wearing masks and he winds up getting it. So how's that if they helped so much obviously they're not helping like they should since they went around the white house and you always see them wearing mask. I mean I'm sure they don't do it when you're not on camera but shit.
Yeah. Yeah I mean I do that too. I clean my hands every time I come out of the store because I'm not trying to get sick with that crap, I'm not trying to wind up in the damn hospital.
Yeah. I mean they were saying just people with certain blood types react like get it worse
or some people
getting
hard at all depends on your chest on my guess.
Yeah. That's what I was trying to find. I just I can't find it hard to find.
No.
that's what I'm on right now in Colombia.
you.
That'd be really buying now because nobody's got no money. It's all the prices are going down like it was funny everybody around me, I'm just looking at the normal hill coming up with the cars they never had and shit like that. And then when he started getting their money it's like oh wow, I can't pay my car now. Cars are gone. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
I don't know.
Oh yeah, definitely not because trump is not going to sign it if you don't get reelected, he's gonna say screw everybody, you didn't vote for me. So I'm screwed. I'm
not going to get the money so he don't get reelected. He ain't signing nothing. Yeah.
Yeah. Nobody wanted her because of her husband. Mhm.
See
I'm just shady about that because anybody can read any different way to that thing. I mean the same flu shot. Some people find some people like my girlfriend used to get so freaking sick for two weeks. If she got a flu shot, she couldn't even get the damn, you don't know what they're putting in that damn vaccine, you know? I don't think I can do it. It'll be like I'm the one that's already kill it. Mhm.
Okay.
uh yeah my daughter came on at seven. I don't come on the weight though I mean it's the eagles in a giant so I mean it's too terrible teams to one. Well eagles are 14 and one giants are one and five so I'm really worth watching. Mhm.
Oh yeah they're undefeated still I think.
Yeah I'm
I'm
I'm the same thing. Yeah.
Yeah I've always been a drew Brees fan so
I've always been in New Orleans stain. Yeah.
Oh I would love to go down there.
Mhm.
Mhm.
I know that's probably like well that's probably better than Philly party wise.
highly.
Oh yeah I haven't been to New York at the last time I was there for like 15 years ago.
I'm sure, I'm sure it is,
you know? All
right, there's gonna
there's
something
even more.
yeah, maybe I r I mean I'm not a big fan of the cops because they screwed with me in my whole life, so
I'm not a big, yeah,
I
met that are cool or Philly like you can do what everyone feel. He's only, you ain't robbing and shooting somebody, they don't
shit
and
Yeah, unless you got a gun or murder robbery or something, they don't give a shit about nine ev pulled me overriding
warrants out everywhere, like do get the hell out of here, they just don't give a shit.
Yeah. Yeah. The only cops I ever met like that are fairly, you find someone you don't take it and just get the hell out here. They just don't care. Uh huh.
All right. Well, it was nice talking to you.
All right. You need to have a good
time with
it.
You too.