Hello there. Yeah
I can only see the top here.
I've been there. How you doing?
Oh nice. Let's tonight's thursday. That's right. I'm a casual I don't have a team. I go for I like the game. I don't know I'm more of a basketball guy but I like uh I grew up more of a college football kind of guy.
I'm from the south you know? It's a big deal down there.
Oh I grew up in Mississippi actually. Yeah.
Good.
Oh okay. I'm actually in a pit so
all right. I don't miss that.
know I will say this is going to be my first winter actually out north so I am going to miss that. I'm sure I'll survive though, you know? Right.
It was really warm just an hour or two ago. I'm sure that won't last. But you know it's
It's pretty up here. I'm in Aliquippa which I guess is like 1520 minutes away from the city. So I can't really tell that it's the city, but it's not that far away, it's nice, you know?
there,
yeah, I just moved up here uh yeah, about two weeks ago. Not quite about the about to start working at a CBS, we'll see how that goes.
Yeah. I'm sure there, you know, whatever, there are worse jobs, I'm sure I've been out of work since april Yeah. Yeah.
Did you get because of the pandemic? Oh
I had kind of noticed. Yeah.
I was back in Mississippi in july and I kind of noticed and I I don't think there's really a good solution either way, you know what I mean? You got to I think go one way or the other, you know what I mean? Yeah,
I'd say I'm pretty much an independent, but honestly kick them all out this time, you know? Yeah,
they say I'll probably tune into that debate that starts eight PM here I think. I guess you're in central time, right?
yeah. Kind of central time was nice because you still got the people an hour ahead of you on the east if you want to talk to them and then mountain. Unless
yeah. Hi. I had, let's see, I had just started a job right when lockdown started and about six weeks into it, they call us into the meeting room and say, hey we're moving everyone's job to the Dominican republic. So Sorry. Yeah, that was I ended up being able to get the, you know, that expanded that all unemployment. So I'm not going to lie. That wasn't half bad.
Yeah, I was only, I think I was making 12 something an hour. So obviously I was making more on unemployment.
right. You know I like this CVS is going to have me at 11 which great but it will be good to have something to do you know? Yeah. I'm hoping to uh I just turned 30. I'm hoping next year I'll kind of decide I'll find something more permanent to do you know what I mean?
They're actually I don't I'm carless but there's a let's see there's a papa john's and a pizza hut about a half mile down the road. I was thinking about my try one of those I don't know I
don't really have a food background.
Yeah that's I
just
I'm I definitely think I have I'm not crazy about joe but I prefer him slightly. Yeah. I'm thinking if he is more than likely going to win so they say
Yeah, I definitely if trump loses which is more than likely going to happen, I flat out don't expect another stimulus, Maybe a 2% chance, you know.
They say uh the Senate looks good for the democrats, you know it'll be close but it looks good. Uh But you know once the democrats
take over, the republicans are going to go back to
caring about the deficit, you know,
No, no.
think,
I think congressional salary is 174,000 a year and they treat us like this, you know?
What?
hey
yep. My
uh I think my only real thing, You know biden will be 78 next month which I don't love, but he he seems to be a good physical health and you know he used to have a stuttering problem, I think that's a lot of his verbal because he's not bad one on one, you know? It's more Yeah, but I think he's a good man, you know? Yeah,
that's that's the one like, you know, he he does so well with the evangelical vote, but I could not throw one second believe that man is a christian, you know?
Eight. Mhm.
Yeah. Okay.
I kind of read, you know, I was like a little kid during the 90s, but it seemed like things worked a little bit better with the government back then. Like they were more willing to say, hey, you do this, we'll give you this if you give us this. Yeah. And now it's just about keeping your job, you know?
Right. That's I was technically homeless from like July two, like two weeks ago. I kind of bounced around you know? And I was because they had that safety net for the time being, and I was okay. Yeah.
All right. I was I felt relatively fortunate because I Uh I was I was only had roommates, I was paying 500 a month and I was working, which 500 a month. Not too bad, you
know?
So that was manageable. But like some people their parents or, you know,
you're
right.
And you know, right, when, right, when lockdown started, I read something like, maybe this will be the thing that heals the divide in the country and it's made it 10 times worse, you know?
And I don't, like I said, I I feel like I'm relatively moderate, you know? But I just don't think d t has been the man for the job, especially right now, you know? Yeah. They
I
your dog,
is that your dog? Oh.
Uh huh. I would love to get my own, I may, I don't know.
Nice. Yeah, I'm a big dog fan.
All
My uh so the place I had previously lived before I was bouncing around and was florida and my buddy had two dogs, love them to death. But a any time you sneezed, they went crazy and if you open a trash bag, they just went crazy. That's, I don't miss that. But yeah, cats are definitely there chill, which is cool. Yeah.
right, yep. Yeah, I did. I know this makes me sound kind of not great due to the pandemic, but let's see at the end of june, my roommate was like, hey, my wife and I want to get our own place. So I went back home for a month And then I crashed on my Buddy's couch in Michigan for like two weeks rented in Chicago for a few weeks, crashed on my buddies in North Dakota. I wasn't like going out to the bars and stuff, you know? I stayed at home, I was just traveling. Yeah, it
you know, they say uh biden will work all on a minimum wage increase and it doesn't, I don't feel like a minimum wage increase Has to make a hamburger, $10, you know? It probably will because all those people are greedy. Mhm.
And the crazy thing I was, This is 2017. I was doing a temp job, but I was making 15 an hour in Florida, a state with no state income tax, making 15 an hour. I was pulling like 1000 every two weeks, that's not that much, you know,
And People Act like 15 an hour is going to break the country, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. I I still have hope for things, but you know.
Whatever.
See?
As far as I know I have, I just got over something, but the symptoms did not correspond with Covid, But I mean, you know, I'm 30, they say younger people can definitely get it and not know it. I very well may have at it. You know, I've got my eye was a later in life baby. So I'm 30, my parents are in their seventies and I'm terrified
for him
now.
Yeah. My they've done a good job to stay at home, you know? Yeah. But Mississippi has been hit pretty bad and you've probably seen him. I think I've heard about Tennessee as well. Oh
I saw the same thing about Connecticut Connecticut was doing great and now Yeah.
huh.
I uh I had you know I had that job in March and because of what it was, they made us wear them, so I've been wearing them since March and as far as I know it's helped you know and if it doesn't help so what, it's not like it's actually you know if unless you're in a small minority that actually can't wear on your fine, you know?
Uh huh. Yeah,
like I said
I have also, I've done my best to like not getting people's spaces, you know what I mean?
yep. Yeah, I mean I'm you know, I'm healthy knock on wood but who the hell knows, you know, yep,
I
read
that. Yeah,
yes, yeah. I try to I don't know. I try to I try to be healthy. I walk a lot. I eat okay. I don't eat great and I eat okay, you know? Okay. I'm hoping into, I don't know. Uh huh. I could get, I've got like call center experience so I probably could get a work from home gig, but I don't know.
And most places want you to have like actual like whatever you call it, not wifi, but like wired it or not, You know
what I mean? Yeah, I don't know. I'm talking to you on a Chromebook in most places want a PC or a Mac.
I love mine but doesn't really
fly. You know, I've got one of those ones you can flip it into a tablet is I like it. But I went to I bought it with my 1200 back in April because I was still working at the time who I bought it for like 600 and something. I go to best buy the other day. They got him at like 400. It was six months ago but still it was a little pissed. All right.
You remember or at least I remember back in like March or april. They had floated the idea of the second check already and and I mean I read it calls something like 300 billion for the first one which I mean that's a drop in the buck, you know what I mean?
but you know come january february gets possible. Probably not until then.
All
Uh huh yep. And I mean I think they're saying he's probably got a 15% share and that's when I know they said that the last time. But joe biden isn't Hillary clinton, you know what I mean?
I'm pretty sure any other he would have lost in 2016 and if it weren't for her, you know? Yeah, but you know uh I Yeah, not not a huge fan of hers, I'll put it down, you know? Yeah, but you know, they I mean they're saying things aren't really going to be back to normal next year, but it'll kind of be you know, I'll get the vaccine. I'm not, you know, by the time I'm not like a health care worker or a senior so I figured by the time I'd be in line the whole have worked out the kinks, you
know?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm gonna want my parents to get it because they're old, you know? But I don't know we'll see what happens. I I just kind of haven't had I know it sounds terrible to say I haven't had the time to get a flu shot the past few years but I just haven't you know and I don't think I've gotten I used to be in the military so I had to but after that you know did you find a football game to watch?
Like I said I don't really keep up with it but I had no idea that the Steelers were kicking ass this year.
Yeah I know I think
I
just
I you know Mississippi I used to usually root for them or Green Bay since Brett Farr was from Mississippi. Yeah.
No
it's a great city. Oh yeah
cracker. Uh
It's a good time. I don't drink anymore but let me tell you. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, good times and
I'm, I'm hoping to, I have any of it hit pit yet, but once, like I don't really party so much anymore, but I want to hit Pittsburgh like actually see it and then Philly, I've done new york before, new york's a lot of fun. I would love to be super
rich and live there, you know?
Uh huh. Yeah, they say it's getting kind of dicey, you know what I mean?
Largest and a I don't, you know, I'm not the biggest fan of the cops, but I don't think taking money away from them is going to fix anything, you know what I mean?
they say
there's a
lot
of shootings,
they say there's like shootings are getting worse in new york.
I've,
it's
been a while.
All right,
they
got real problems to solve.
Just
I, I'll tell you one quick story about the Mississippi cops and then I'll let you go. But this was 2008. I was 18. I was a little strung out at the time. I'm not gonna lie. But my buddy had gone out of town, but he told my friends and I, hey, you can go and hang out in my room since his room was like off by the garage. So we do, nothing happens. But I leave my phone charger there. I go back the next day to get it as I'm leaving my car gets stuck in the mud and I can't move it. His across the street neighbor comes over and he's like, hey, I know the Stokes are out of town, what are you doing here? And I'm like, hey man, I just left something here. Trent. Said it was okay. He calls the cops on me and here's the thing I had, I couldn't tell you how much, but I had like maybe an ounce or two of the shittiest we'd, you've ever seen in my glove compartment? I know that's stupid. That's on me. I'll admit it. And he calls the cops, they show up, they start questioning me. One of the cops goes, hey, you got anything you don't want me to find in the air. And I say no sir. And he says good cause I'm gonna look and they just don't look that get the guy's parents on the phone. They're like, oh, we know William, he's fine. Don't, you know, don't worry about it. And they like, that was the biggest close call of my life. Oh
correct. I was in Chicago a little bit recently and I loved it. I mean, you know, it's legal there, but you're not still supposed to walk down the street smoking a joint. They got, you know, 45 shootings a day or something in Chicago. They don't give a fuck, you know? Well, yeah, I believe looks like it's been just over 30 minutes. uh
yeah, definitely. Take care of yourself, my friend
Have
good
one.
Take care.