Yeah okay good. Uh huh. But oh it's good mm. But yeah yeah mm Right just yeah yeah something about it. What's this? Yeah good. Uh huh. Mhm Good okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah hi
there good morning
how
what are you doing? I'm
doing good. Yeah
I don't know.
I am in new york.
Uh No upstate new york.
How
about you?
Oh that must be early then for you.
you
work
oh you you work nights you mean
so
odd.
Ready
to
go?
Oh my name is deep a nice to meet you and
uh is this your first time doing or have you done it before?
I did twice last month. I mean you know they ask you although open timings when you are available so I put my times in. Uh so I got to both times. I got to talk to a person so that was nice. It was a good conversation and it was fun chatting with like you know I felt that it was like you know when you are waiting for now for a plane, like a flight and if it gets delayed and you kind of like start talking to you know whoever is sitting next to you or catching up and just just like a small talk. I said before I'm ready for it, you know uh So we got like another email a couple of days ago saying that put your times in so I put in some time because today I have a day off so I said uh I don't have much plan, I do have a couple of Iran's to run but other than that I said like okay so I put in 10 o'clock is my first because I need to get going in the morning, get ready, you know coffee, breakfast and get some work done before I you know be on the computer. So 10 o'clock 10 o'clock was the first time that I put in and luckily I caught you so it sits
yeah nice to talk to you. You know I'd
leave them
on.
yeah I work full time. I work in public sector. I'm an accountant accountant by training. I went to I went to school for my bachelor's and master's in accounting and then I got my M. B. Also but in public sector and beer doesn't work but I do use my my master level education. So it's it's it's it's good it's it's too stressful sometimes a lot of pressure but you know you got to do what you got to do right. You know I mean if you need to work you need to work.
Yes. Yes past six months I've been I have been working like Kelly working almost like until uh what do you call, what, until May June until June it was like 100% Terry work after that I started going going on site maybe like one day a week. So I typically go one day we just just to catch up, I just like that suppression you know my personal life, my work life I need I need like you know kind of like a
brother
line where
so so when I go to work like in my building at my desk it it just feels like, you know, it's it's like I'm working, you know like I'm fully focused.
so how about you, what do you do?
oh I'm sorry or
see uh the place I work is about like there are 2000 people that come in every single day and it's a laboratory basically it's a technical, it's a it's a laboratory. So there are like a lot of like engineers and scientists and technicians and uh you know like the administration, there are a lot of folks come uh In and out all day long you know like in a month. So I typically time my time my going in not like a regular work hours in a sense that like I don't go in like exactly at 8:00 PMclock or say like our opening is kind of like 7 to 9 people come in, you know because it's a flex schedule. So I tend to go like around between nine and 9 30 when there is not a huge crowd at the entrance and they do take temperatures. Uh they do ask questions whether I traveled 200 miles or not like you know uh and then once my building is like right across, once I, once I go in my building is the first building and I have my own office. So once I go in I closed the door, I put the mask on like you know whenever I go to the kitchen or ladies room or in the hallway, but like I said in my building there are not that many people on that same day, people do come in but they come in at different times and different days, so I don't really interact at the most, I interact like say 4 to 5 people um and I go in on only only 4 to 5 people and as soon as I come in I change my clothes often, like I take showers also, but depending upon if I have a meeting right after, I do change uh change clothes, wash my hands and kind of like take take basic precautions. But in your case I would say that is it possible that you don't interact with her
on
that
date? On that day? Like all together like don't share the kitchen or
maybe
the.
Uh
Can she can she take shower right after she comes in? Keep
or keep her like you know laundry or do her laundry on a different day? Like in a separate kind of like just just the basic precaution
because they are closed.
But um now in her case our all of the people going on the same day, is it going to
be too crowded?
Okay that's
good.
So
So it's not like she's going to interact with like 100 people and come
Okay. Okay so that's
a that's a
But if she's only going to interact a handful, like just like I I interact like like say 4 to 6 people on 11 day. If she can do that and come home and take the basic precautions and you just just a wild that day like basically don't come in contact as much as you know, like on any other day you should you should be fine. And
then
Yes they did. They did actually work on our attracts system early, early august september time just just to be ready for this. And they put in quite a bit of like a new, I mean there was like a huge big project going on at least for a month or so before uh you know, just to get ready for the season. You know, once everything gets
enclosed.
And
then
did you take a flu shot? Maybe that,
that might
just
I'm in
Albany
area, but
fellow is like four or five hours from me. So I'm in the right in the capital region. The Albany is the capital of new york. So
I'm
in
the state capital
say,
uh, wearing a mask. For me, it's a personal responsibility, not just for yourself, but others also. And covid is not something you can take it lightly. It's a serious thing. And we have
seen
all last eight months, like hundreds of thousands of people died. So it's a fact. You can't ignore that.
And
if you are, if you're not wearing your mask, I would say you are playing stupid. I mean, you don't have any concern about your own life as well as you don't have any concern about others. It's just, it's just a civic sense. You know, it just, uh I mean I mean you need it, you need it period.
Unless
unless
they don't make it mandatory or if it's not a rule or if it if they don't make it mandatory, then I don't have control over their actions. I would only control my actions so I might just keep away from them. Don't get close and just just do my part. You know, that's all I can do. And until unless they make it mandatory then then it becomes it becomes a rule and law and whatnot. And then I I don't even have to worry about that and then the authorities will take care of it, you know. But but I I know I mean I I can I can see where you are coming from, as far as health is concerned and you know high risk and all that. So I would just make sure that you don't interact as much as you would with your uh your housemate and you know kind of I know it's going to be hard and but I mean you have your responsibility towards your health. Right. I mean.
R
O
are you in a like a highlight like a densely populated area like say for example if you go to a grocery store are there a lot of people like
I'm
from India
India
no I'm
from India Pakistan
is
correct.
new
york city.
Yeah.
I don't
so you you have not been going out at all like you are just
I
see.
huh. Oakland is near san Francisco. Right.
So I know I know I mean I know the weather it's not you know elevator it's sunny and beautiful all but yeah, I know what you're saying. Yeah.
leave
it, leave it it.
yeah I do I do have like a small
hitter in my room uh in our bedroom as well as downstairs in the tv room in the family room just so you know it gets warm up. I do have a fireplace also but it doesn't work because it does
work, it's
just
too much work, you know cleaning and it's not it's not a gas fireplace, it's it's a wooden and it
becomes so much mess
after
that
you
know to cleaning and clean up and all that. I just don't bother with regards to like forget it. I just need something I can switch on and off.
I
see.
Sit see
it.
Yeah. India India being a tropical country. It's sunshine all day long. All year long. It's beautiful all the time. It's green. There are no like there are no like seasons like you know fall, nothing
falls down
monsoon.
But monsoon is pretty actually, you know if you enjoy it, if you're inside like having a nice cup of tea and watching outside it all gets cleaned up. All the streets are clean. The air is clean, the smell or the smell. It just beautiful. I like it personally. Uh snow. I don't mind it as long as I'm inside like here. But if I have
to drive out
all bets are off. I don't like it because driving on on the icy streets are like a snowy streets is not my cup of tea. I never I never thought I never saw snow until I came here and I don't mind as long as I'm inside.
But
you
know
for
work I have to go out. It doesn't matter if it's a snowy or if it's a sunny day but you
know I have snow tires on my car and I kind of like okay, I mean I can I can handle that but I can see where he's coming from. It's like March and can't get over with this weather because by March in India it's like hard. Like it gets so hot in India by March.
Different.
Yeah it's a
timing timing is different. You will do that in january. He was doing it in March which is kind of like okay, it's almost done for you but for him it wasn't.
But
now
let me ask you, like you said you are from Russia. So you go back to Russia like you visit Russia often.
good.
Family, you mean
like family
members?
I see.
Sit down as
long
as it it works for
them.
I
wouldn't do worry about it. But of course I mean with Covid everybody has to take some care
you know?
Good
dad.
Good. I like that idea.
I said
I have a day off today but there is no place to go basically. You know if I I just have a couple of errands to run but those fun stuff you know so but
yes I do. You know like phone is always there texting is always there. You know it's just that the personal meeting, you know face to face and just have that facial expression and the smile and you know, so I miss that. But
at the same time our lives are important too. Right? So we need to take care of the best care we can take care of ourselves. That's that's
important.
Absolutely.
Goodbye.
Seen
you said that you you are a technical writer. Right. Do you do
do you do freelancing or?
Because
there
there are quite
few
freelancing website online. Maybe you can sign up and get
any
projects
if you want it. I mean it's it's uh they are like up to you hours wise how much hours you want to put in and how many projects you want to take it. It's all up to you. But something you know
because
pork, pork is one of them And it's it's excellent. I do sometimes you know I'm not very active on that just right now. But our work is especially for technical writing and all the work is good then fiber, fiber, have you heard about that? That's a good one to uh it's a free sign up basically and you just create your
profile
and
40
correct experiences and some projects if you have any and you might start getting clients and you set up your hours, you set up your rate how much ever you want more or
less. It's all up to you. But you know, you have great skills, you know, technical writing is not everybody that
three
months.
I
love
it.
I
love
it.
I would say
for
three months
about
like in dollars close to 300.
that's good.
See for me, I
think that it's
all like a university
research.
I enjoy that. I don't, I don't like retail and store type of service.
Those are
boring, you know?
But
these these are like very
interesting, some topics are
so
interesting and I love it and it's just like few cents here and
there. Sometimes
you get like what 50 cents and 75 cents on the
dollar. Um But
and it just adds up and so far like in three months I would say my uh
averaging $200 a month, so $300. Not bad, you know, spending money,
yeah get our money from there and spend it on amazon. So
it was so nice chatting view
and johnny
right? You said john okay okay so it was very great. Hopefully we
will get to talk again or I don't know if that if they connect people
you know,
Have a good day.
Bye.
just click
on that,
See right there better better up on, can just click that I'm going to click now so I will not be yep.