Hi.
huh, Good morning, how are
you?
I'm okay,
we're
where are you located?
Oh you like new york city
upstate new york.
I'm
in uh in Oakland in California.
Yeah. You know I have a funny schedule. I sleep during the day often so I
thought
I would do this beef. I just have a funny sleep schedule.
No, I just sleep at a funny time.
Uh huh. But today I actually slept most of the day and I'm actually awake now. I mean I'm done
with sleeping
so
what,
I don't know what's going on, but my name is johnny by the way,
nice to meet you.
I've done it five times before And then I had one. No show. What about you?
there we go.
I suspect.
Do
you what do you do you um do you work, what do you work as if you work?
Yeah. I mean I guess it's easy to do remotely right now during covid,
I
know
of
here at work. Right,
Well you know I I've been on just I used to be a technical writer but then I developed problems with my hands and with my neck and I had to go on disability. So I've been on disability for the last like this is really shocking but like 11 years actually.
So I have a little bit of work that I do here and there, you know? But I don't have like a job but right now I've been a lot doing a lot of tutoring, you know and um so that's kind of been interesting. It's very it's sort of unusual tutoring. I'm a I'm I'm an independent contractor with the Department of rehabilitation. Right? So so I get these people I don't get your typical sort of student who wants to get, but like I get maybe somebody who developed a disability and has gone back to school to train to be something else and they're getting their master's degree, but they don't know how to write papers or you know, something like that. It's kind of interesting. I get all kinds of people with all kinds of things that they need and I don't have any training in this. I'm just a good writer. So, um well, I have a question for you. I have a very practical question for you. My housemate, I lived in a house made and my housemaid Right now has been working 100% from home, but she wants to get a different job with the city with the city of Oakland and that job will probably require her to go in at least a little bit of the time, like maybe for training or maybe once a week. Um And I have been very careful with Covid. I'm in a high risk group for complications. So I I've been really not taking a lot of risks and so I'm worried about my house made going into work and then coming home and bringing something. So do you have any recommendations like you go into work? Like what do you do to? No,
New studies available
and
products.
It's
not
really possible. I mean, I would have to make her not use the kitchen. I mean that would be hard for and we also only have one bathroom. Yeah.
So
I could ask her to do that.
Yeah. I mean also, you know the thing I'm worried about in offices is like air circulation because
that's the air souls, you know, they hang around right.
Well
she interviewed, she interviewed for two offices and one of them said um they try to time it so that only one or two people are in at a time. And
the second
one, I didn't really understand what the story was with that. But I think they also probably try to do something similar. Good, no minimum
number of people.
No, no.
Honestly,
I was just saying I would just say no to that. Like I would say I'm sorry, you can't live here and do that. You know that was dangerous.
You
guys try to keep your ear circulating in network.
Now
is the season? Oh, you know
what
I
I
did.
I did. I had a closer, you know, I am I have a friend in Buffalo. I don't know which part of upstate new york you're in.
But
I mean all
I'm
Well
like
Buffalo,
I, what I hear from my friend is it's very mixed politically and so some people because it's so ridiculous that this has become a political issue. But like some people believe in wearing masks. Some people don't believe in wearing masks. Sometimes the people who don't believe in wearing masks don't want to interact with people who do believe in wearing masks. Like, you know, there's a whole thing so you can't not everybody's on the same page as far as like safety and covid
and
it
is
why
not?
Here. Well, I totally agree with you. But you know, I mean there are a lot of people who listen to different channels you know and they and their neighbors aren't wearing masks and they're being told that it's all you know just applaud to make people I don't know what they're being told but you know, so
they really don't
believe.
Yeah. I mean people around here generally are quite cautious, you know, but you always get people I mean I shouldn't say that you people think whatever risks they take but as far as like being polite in public and you know understanding if they please put on your mask please stay away from me. They understand what's going on. They're not you know they don't just tell you you're you know like
we don't
really you because
Well I have not been going to grocery stores but we're in what's considered an urban area. You know I'm I'm Russian, I was born in the soviet union. Um Yeah
so like
yeah so I can hear by your accent that you're somewhere from I don't know and I was
going to get into europe Pakistani a but
but
so
you understand so you understand that what's considered high density in the U. S. Is not necessarily considered high density
in other countries. Like I mean it's a city but it's a city where most of the city's separate buildings. Like you know many people live in separate houses and there are some apartment buildings also. But it's not like a highly urban area like you know
with
lots like new york city. Well yeah
nothing is as high density as new york city except Gaza except Gaza. But yeah but like I come from ST Petersburg which is much more like, you know, apartment building, apartment building, apartment building and they're all multi story, right? That's
not that's not here. But it is considered urban, so it's considered a city and it's a big, it's a pretty big city. So you know
uh here's what I do. I walk my dog. Um I drive over sometimes to my moms who was um like 30 minutes away and we walk but at a distance like and we both wear either a face shield or a face mask, you know, But and like you know we're far apart. Um I haven't been in my mom's house in this whole time. I go to uh I have one friend who has like a backyard and we go and we sit, you know so far apart in the yard and again wearing something like a shield or a mask. And sometimes she invites other people. And they also said far apart from her. And I have I have another friend where I do a similar thing on her porch. She has kind of like a long like porch along her apartment.
So
so we sit far away. But now now it's getting cold. I know you probably don't think it ever gets cold in California but
it's right across the bay from san Francisco.
Yeah so it's got it's been actually the weather shifted very suddenly and it was we had a hot summer and then just I don't know a week ago week and a half ago it suddenly got really cold. And the thing about here is houses aren't well insulated because like where I come from in Russia for example it gets much colder but everything is built to keep that in mind. You know the houses are really well insulated, their central heating, people have winter clothes and so it's not a big deal, you just sort of, you
know
it's just but here as soon as it gets kind of cold and a little windy we really feel it because we don't have such warm clothes and also the houses leak air, you know, they're not really air tight, My house is old and so it really does get cold and we're like huddling by a heater, you know,
harry.
that's
the
one.
and
so much
better
after
that.
You know it's funny you're I'm remembering this moment when I was in college um and I used to hang out with my friend who was a grad student, so there were he lived in grad student housing and there were there were other grad students kind of drifting in and out of the space where we were hanging out And I was in Santa Cruz, which is a little bit south of, it's about a 90 miles south of Oakland.
And
uh and it's a weather, it gets kind of like, it gets foggy, it gets kind of cool, you know, in the, in the, you know, especially in the spring and in the winter. And anyway, and there was a student from India, this grad student from India and it was like, I think it was maybe March, maybe february, and he kind of looked out the window and he went over to the heater and he kind of did this and the funny thing, it was, it was like the same gesture that we would have done in Russia on a particularly cold day, like when you're just like, you know, And he said how long is this weather gonna be like this? And I said oh probably about april and he said oh it's not so much the cold that I mind, it's the darkness thought
it's
everything is relative, you know?
Well
there's months soon right,
Isn't there a monstrous Yes.
But
how?
you
say
but
you
know
What?
Well I just thought it was funny because it's all relative, it's like we would have probably said that in Russia in the part of Russia I'm from in the dead of winter when there's barely any light, you know and it's quite like quite a bit colder right? You could be like oh god I missed the light but I think of santa cruz whether it being so mild but of course he comes from like you said from the tropics. It makes total sense. It's just funny because it's the same attitude but it's totally from a different,
you know.
Yeah.
I know it's just it
was
cute.
I do I feel very, I feel very attached to it and for me leaving was very hard even when I was a child. Um it was very hard immigration for me. So I started going back in 99 and I go back as often as I can. Um
so I've been, I was I went back in 99 and then it was like eight years before I went back. It was like 07 and then 11 and then 14 and then 19 and I have some connections there that are getting older and I worry about them, you know dying and like or just getting too old to host
me.
I
don't really have much family there. I mean I come from a very small family anyway. I'm really only close to my mom. I have some I have some cousins but um but um I have really dear friends there and I have there's one family with whom my family has been friends for four generations. So I feel very connected to the particularly the matriarch in the patriarch of the family. So
so they're like my mom's age and I'm 53. So like they're in their mid seventies and you know, and now there's also covid there of course and oh it's bad everywhere now. But Russians are not very good at following rules.
so
you know
in
both
of them are
it
doesn't work, it doesn't work for them. They just don't. But now I think people are taking it more seriously in the spring. In the spring my my classmate was writing to me and he said you can't really feel the covid it's theoretical. You know it's like it's somewhere out there but you don't see it around you.
But
now people are seeing it. People are seeing it now. So people are worried now. So. But also the authorities cover it up is the thing they don't want, they don't want all the statistics and it's just been a little anyway, I worry about them and and I can't travel right now. I can't travel like all of us are stuck where we are right? So
So it's
work
Do you find that you keep in touch with people in other ways like zoom and phone and. Yeah.
But.
I'm
actually I'm actually kind of surprised by how well I've adjusted like I would not want this to be the rest of my life at all,
I don't know and I miss touching people and
you know hugging people and being in people's space and but but I have to say that I'm I'm like busy and I feel well connected with people and I've got projects and I've got I talked to people a lot and I don't feel like I'm just sitting you know,
a little in the moment.
I was
I have not been able to get that uh established them. I mean most technical writing is it's more hours than I can work. Like you usually can't do technical writing just a few hours a week, you know? But it turns out it turns out that I actually do a lot of like my friend corrected me, I said I don't even work and she said no you do work, you just don't get paid. I mean I actually I actually do a lot of what winds up being like tech support for my friends and I do a lot of projects here and there and some of them I actually do get paid for a little bit like just you know, helping my friend do marketing for her business
or you
know,
they've got
quite a few people.
I
was
thinking about that.
Do
you have one that you recommend?
Me
and your road
bike
and
More.
I mean I my skills are out of date but yeah, but I could yeah, it's worth checking out for sure. You know, I've been really impressed with prolific. I don't know how long you've been doing
it
three months. Like,
like how
much money
do you make? Yeah.
How much money
do you
make them prove? Uh
I
will say
Kay Barnes
of,
Oh, you make even more than I do. Yeah, I mean like last month I made like $125. I was like, and
it's, yeah, and it's like, it's easy and it's not obnoxious. Like so many of these sites and it's kind of fun.
I
think.
Okay, so you
want something?
I totally
agree.
I
know
they
are
interesting.
One
of them.
but
you know what you're going to get, you know what you're gonna get and they don't screen you out. So that's
I asked.
Not had. Yeah,
Well, we are, we've done our 25 minutes. We've actually done a little more than that. Yeah.
It's really nice chatting with you
Johnny.
Way
one way or another
sometimes. All
Take care. Bye
books. I, oh, I had this problem before. I don't know how to close it. Uh huh. Phillips.
Just
click on that dog. What do you click on?