Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Hi
that hurry
up.
What did you say?
Hi Ron I contained. Very nice to meet you.
my name is Miller. Can
you hear me? Yes,
come
on. Mhm
I'm good. How are you?
No.
I'm
Oh gosh. Just like a medicine right now or do you have to wait until you go to the vet tomorrow?
Let me, let me put my headphones on. That might help.
mean just the sunday night. So I does she have any medicine right now or do you have to wait until tomorrow?
Yeah. Oh my gosh, wow.
Have
you
had her your whole life or her whole life I guess?
Do you have any other cats? Mhm.
Just
her. So she's the she's the baby?
Yeah. Cats I feel like cats hang around for a long time, like 18, 20 years. It's crazy. My
dog turns for in a week from now. So he's
Just one. It's a golden doodle
I guess.
No.
you can.
my
Yeah. Gosh, you guys have some crazy cat situations going on in your family?
So
where are you located? Are you on the east Coast, West coast?
Okay. I'm originally from pennsylvania, but I'm in north Carolina for
the past year or so. What
did you say
Raleigh, yep.
I got I got my masters at U. N. C. Um and haven't
haven't really embodied the whole rivalry between Duke and UNC, but I know that it's it's
very prevalent down here. I just I don't mind Duke fans or have a strong feeling one way or another. Mhm.
Two.
Yeah. Um So I'm a school counselor and we are not open. Um Everything's still virtual where I know in my hometown, everyone's been back in school since august,
so I know that the cases today
are the most that there have been this whole time. The gyms were closed from March until september I think.
Um really, really slow to reopen down here and it just kind of seems like it's picking right back up. So I'm nervous about travel restrictions in the holidays coming up. I'm worried that they're going to block me out of pennsylvania, but we'll see.
I uh.
Getting
So I I'm flying over thanksgiving. I got a really cheap plate at like five a.m. On a saturday and then like nine p.m. On a Tuesday
Figured I'd miss the majority of people that
way. Um because it's like 10 days spread out around thanksgiving, but then I'll drive home for Christmas, but I'm a little nervous about if they try to have any travel restrictions, especially regarding flying.
No, but I know when the thoughts started that they were and it just seems like what the cases popping
up. I don't know if they can, I mean they can say to you, if you come from the states, you should quarantine for 10 days, but I don't know that they can mandate anything.
Yeah. Are the schools around you open?
so their school is open but they opted into the virtual option, are
they?
Okay,
wow. So that would be even harder to choose in middle school and high school to say, hey, I'm gonna stay virtual because
you probably desperately want to see your friends each day.
Tree.
Yeah. What did
you say?
Not for the crazy current president. Mhm
I
thought that most people did, but I quickly learned in
the past two weeks that apparently that wasn't the case.
I was driving to the gym today and I saw two huge banners that said trump and I was like, oh, they're not in any rush to take their signs down. I guess the ones that are plastered in their yard
car.
I think I was dumbfounded these past few weeks with how many people genuinely support him and think that he is not an absolute lunatic, so
But
Yeah. I'm from Lancaster originally. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Lancaster and they, he had a rally there and I guess one of the schools, they excused students if they wanted to attend the rally and they were excused from school that day and now that school is virtual indefinitely because there's so many cases at the school and people commented and said, what are the odds that has to do with the super spreader event that you excuse
students to attend? Two weeks ago or a week ago? So I was I was glad that Philly and Pittsburgh pulled through, I'll have to talk to all the citizens of Lancaster because they
what?
it's pretty close to Maryland, it's like very, very um
how?
Yeah, so we're about like an hour and 15 from Baltimore, four hours from Pittsburgh, an hour and a half from Philly. Um so that's where all the Amish are.
Us
too, we are where some of the few Steelers fans, like most of my friends are Eagles fans and my brother has always been a Steelers fan. So I grew up a Steelers fan and luckily I can share them on this year because the Nittany Lions are making my life miserable. So sunday's the Steelers help me to to bounce back.
I
know, but
they said he tested negative yesterday that it was just through contact tracing so we'll see. Mhm
And not a whole lot of faith in mason Rudolph. So I think
you're
gonna
have some unhappy fans. It bends out.
now.
00
And then
I just saw something, are they playing the angles this weekend?
I
don't know
if you're paying the Bengals or the browns but someone is like waving a flag and acting like they're going to be the Steelers this weekend. And I was like all these Ohio teams are filled.
I know. My brother sent me tickets on thanksgiving
To the game and there are like $300 and I don't know that my mom would be okay with the family going to the game and messing up her idea of taking her grandchildren, the christmas tree farms and the light shows and everything. I don't think she was a Steelers game written into her itinerary right now.
Two.
We actually, we went to a wedding last weekend and
it was on my friends, It's a plantation
which I can't believe any piece of land is still called a plantation in this day and age but um it was like an 850 acre plantation, So no one was mandating anything and I'd say 95% of people didn't have masks on. Um People
came from California Ohio new york city and
my friends and I, we were like the wet blankets of the wedding because we're sitting at the table with our masks on, you know, and that very well could have been a super spreader event where again these people came from California from new york and
they, I'd say probably like 100 and 5200,
No.
Yeah, well and then you're supposed to wear your mask on the shuttle because from the hotel to the farm was 45 minutes and they said you need to wear your masks and we got on with our masks on and there were 10 other people on there and they didn't have a mask in sight and you can't say to someone, hey can you put a mask on it, like to make me more comfortable? But it was pretty jarring. And had we known that it would be that way, then we probably would have said, look, we're not comfortable going, especially so close to the holidays, but you have no idea how other people are going
to, you know? I don't know. So.
yeah. I don't know. I mean I know that there is that study where they said the risk is super low, but then someone else said it's not super credible because
the way that they ran it or I don't know. So I just, there's so much misinformation and so much you don't know. So if I get a shield and a mask and I don't touch anything, I mean the flight is only like 45 minutes. Um that makes me feel a little better. I'm not concerned
as much about the plane as the airport
and that just means I'm gonna walk around like this and not touch anything and I
don't
know, but I am I'm planning on getting tested next week just because of this wedding. Um
and then I'll probably, I'll get home saturday and then thanksgiving isn't until thursday, so I'll be
pretty low key those first few days just uh I don't know, scary.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I did it because I went home,
I actually
flew home before, so
yeah, so I had the test and I had to do it myself and I think the first side wasn't so bad on the second side, I was like, well should I be sticking it up so I can feel it in my brain like everyone said. So the second side, I think I went a little more aggressively. Um
We are cell
Mhm. It's definitely, it's not pleasant, but it's not as bad as people say, but it is weird to do it to yourself.
So it
was a CVS drive through and they hand you the kid, they tell you what to do and then you, it's
so strange because you put it in like a little been outside of their window, so you're touching the bin that literally everyone else has touched. So that whole process there, like I used my paper towel to lift the flap up. But yeah, and then I think it took about three days. But that seems to be the go to method around here is the cbs drive through.
True.
Yeah. Even like getting gas in your car. I have a box
of
gloves
that I whip out a glove whenever I pump my gas or touch that screen. I'm very, very grateful that we're not in session
for school right now. We're supposed to go back at the end of the semester, which would be like January 24. And I'm hoping that after the holidays they're like, we're gonna
stay remote because that just seems.
And
the kids, they're not allowed talking during lunch, They have to sit there quietly and eat their lunch and can't talk to one another.
They will be,
but
they're in middle school. So imagine your seventh grader going
to school and being told, hey, eat lunch, but you can't talk to anyone.
You
know.
What?
But his supporters, they'll say like
one of my friends, her parents are big trump people and she'll say it only kills 3% of the population, so
it's not that big of a deal. And, you know, one of my other friends that the other day, okay, and pancreatic cancer isn't super common, but you're still gonna do preventative care and test and make sure that you're not gonna get pancreatic cancer or rare cancer. Like to sit there and say it only affects 3% of the population. That's a very selfish standpoint Until,
you know, fun in that 3%. And the question is, it's 3%. What would it have been? Had we not shut down or people who are doing that if everyone just adopted the Oh, I don't care mentality. You know what if it was 20% of people who died,
you have to think that that number was deeply reduced when we went into lockdown and people started wearing masks. But again, how many of his supporters are? Like, I don't need to mask my president, doesn't think I need a mask.
Yeah. I smell that. He stewed six counties in pennsylvania over over the week. Um and then I guess there was some situation with the post office and someone who was vouching for him and then they retracted their statement and said it's not true that didn't happen. So it's just it's hard to believe that for four years that was the man in charge of one of the most powerful nations in the world and and now
we're at this point.
Hopefully we have a brighter future ahead of us. Hopefully we
get
a vaccine out here and we can return to normalcy and your kids can go back to school
and I hope your cat is on the mend and get the medication that she needs.
true.
I'm
I don't have a cat. I just have a dog.
No, no, no.
That's
the goal. That's what we hope. Well, it was nice to meet you today. I hope you have a great rest of your day and we're that it's Wednesday. It feels like a saturday or sunday right
now. So it's
gonna
be hard
to go back to work tomorrow. But
Thank
you.
Thank you. Yeah, enjoy the holidays with your family.
Great.