Hi how you doing?
Very
good. My name is Ron wrong.
My name is Ron.
I will bring yeah I couldn't hear your name I'm sorry.
taylor.
Oh that's my nieces. Okay
there you go.
how are you doing?
hanging in there. All right. Yeah my cats got a my my girl's got a U. T. I. So uh
Yeah I've been stressing out let's go into that tomorrow. But uh I've been uh I've like sort of cordoned off in an area of the room. So uh she wakes up like you know 5:00 AM and then she goes into her you know for you T. Things. So I got to sit there and kind of make sure she's an escape and go like piddling
around the house. I have like in a designated area with towels and stuff so uh
yeah yeah I'm showing that.
Can you hear me anyway? Yeah I mean I can hear you I just I just I guess your little background notes. Thanks
tomorrow I'm gonna get antibiotic tomorrow. I'm giving her a prevalent are. Uh huh. And you know just give it a lot of water and I'd like one of those syringes things so I can like A lot of water. He's 20 years old too so uh
just her twice girl
It's
good.
No I I adopted her when she was six. So I've had a yeah I've had her for 14 years. So.
No just our first
cat.
sorry everyone and all that. You have a dollar back in the day. He did pretty well too. He made he was a mud he made the 15 so that was pretty good also so yeah I'm doing pretty well with the life expectancy of the how long?
I can
years there really let me catch up.
Okay. Yeah 20 my niece um she adopted
a cat actually. She had adopted two cats and apparently they were crossbred one of the cats and immediately passed away now the other one had like
went to the vet recently with only like four or five months old, like brief uh like a brain aneurysm stuff going on. So
she didn't really have the money to take care of it. So she has the cat back with her now and trying to keep the cat still and happy and hopefully at this place
again. Yeah that's like five months. So it's like it's luck of the draw. Yeah.
There's a lot of that rocket.
I
east coast. How many Jersey again?
korean.
Quick.
We're about to north Carolina.
Yeah my friend went to uh Duke Law school so without the tri area enough times just to visit a home down like you know?
It's
from
Oh, I can absolutely. Uh how's
it like down there with the, with the person?
Problem.
I
And.
right. How are your studies available on prolific? I'm sorry,
are you going to fly up there
playing? Yeah.
That okay.
Thanks.
Are they talking about that now? But I didn't realize.
That
Right. Yeah. They're doing a new book exposing New Jersey as well, you know, if you come in New York come from out of state, you're gonna quarantine 10 days or whatever. But how they can
Uh some are, some aren't uh kids and they're they're virtually uh learning right now, so they're at home. So yeah, we just decided, you know, like my mom told her at all and uh and they you know they had a choice and they chose good for them. They're like you know, I don't want to get anybody sick and you know after that just do it for this semester together so it goes. But you know there's talk of a vaccination however even if that's the case that's just gonna forever before that comes around is available. So.
so
uh one is a freshman and the other one is the have a great
oh
and
Yeah, I'm pretty impressed with their decision. I mean we can't we I mean we definitely wanted them to stay virtual. Yeah they agreed on it. So at least for this semester you know they're like you know, we'll see how this goes. But as this is flaring up again, I mean everything is going to flare up again and here it is. You know. got a crazy president lockdown
at the White House. I don't know how to help you go with just a curiosity.
What,
how did you vote? Out of curiosity?
just dislike that guy so much
and
open.
No. Yeah, he has his cult question,
Oh God, like, I don't know if you ever, like, I don't hear to follow his twitter feed, but you know, like whatever yesterday, I think he said we will win, you know, exclamation points and then you go into like the comments and you know, you stay strong, you are the greatest president ever. You know, we love you and then and then you also get people going to one biden one. They're like, you know, I'm moving out of the country, I'm moving to Hawaii
it's like why is in the country, you know, kind of out there, I'm moving to Alaska. It's like, no, that's in the country also. Oh
yeah, I'm not, I don't think it's very dumped on. I'm I'm actually very relieved that he lost. Thank God because I really thought it as nervous telling is going to re elected. But but no, he's got his people are out there that you know, you see those crowds
crazy, you know, and he uses like touring, you know, five stops a day. I mean everywhere is going masculine people and just saying, you know, they're masculine, just approved his. Again, it's like a cult. It's crazy.
What?
we're,
there we go. What you're closest to. Uh huh.
It's
cold. Ok.
Okay. Okay. Okay. When I get my sister lived outside of Philly for a while, What is that? We should we should talk in or something like that. Uh We have it's a suburb of Philly yet. Remember remember like in that vicinity like Allen Iverson lived and like night shift holly and lived, you know, the filmmaker. So yeah, so I, I spent some time in Philly. I'm also a Steelers, whatever that's for. Um, so yes, I hate the,
but uh,
Big Ben's on the covid list
now.
And
God, I hope so. Yeah, I mean, that's great. Come back from this year. That question.
God, I know that
was
the word
that breath gave her. Uh, Garrett pulled his helmet off with this moment. I know if you saw that in the letter, that was
crazy. The browns linebacker at the end
of the, I'm going to have me whacked him in the head with the helmet. So crazy.
So,
Right, that's a good question.
I
go,
Yeah. Well, I mean they start for the Steelers, we'll start over.
Thanks.
Oh yeah. People in the stadiums, I mean it's, I guess it's good. It seems kind of separated and, and good, but everyone end of the fans and you see people sitting together sometimes a mass, some doesn't have a family members or at least tight enough where they feel comfortable with that. But I like, I have dreams now I'm out in public and I don't have a mask and that's really weird. I wake up like, oh my God, like I'm interacting with people have a mask. I'm conscious I don't have a mask of nervous about it. That's like my weird nightmare dream now it's like I wouldn't change a nightmare, but it just like this like, you know, like a fever dream type thing. It's really, it happened too often now to understand uh
matt, I mean we do go out with the mask all the time, right? You seem very responsible. Yeah.
I
Yeah.
What
on?
How many
That's crazy Because there's There was this wedding that happened on Long Island recently or within a week or two, but everybody's getting sick now is like 125. Nobody was paying attention and it was a super spreader event. There
you go.
Thanks.
You see like crazy videos of like airlines, you know, they were going to fight flights because people are a mask. They literally like this fight something on the plane, just saying if you think about it. I mean, God bless you going on airplane, I wouldn't get on their family, like Mhm
And
of
thanks.
I'm
not.
It's
and
it is, yeah. Well, I did get tested a while ago off I had a, like literally as right before, it was literally days before it was declared a pandemic.
My uh and her boyfriend moved up from florida back to New Jersey and they came and he was sick and remember they had like a jewel thing. I don't usually use the jewels. And uh and he was sick and they left and I got sick and was like, uh and I think it was like, like flu like symptoms for a couple of days. I didn't feel that, but I got better and then initially was the whole pandemic thing. I was convinced. I uh, you know, you know, I had it because I want to be anybody's you know I don't know how long it lasts. But uh you know so I had the test and the antibody tests. I don't have it. Uh
At least that and I didn't have apparently anybody's came back negative so at it. But uh and I don't know if it's your first has every talks about like the stick into thinking your nose thing that's not. Oh
Is
it
you haven't just
in the night. Thanks
Lord.
I would imagine how they sent you the kid I guess like
this
back.
Uh Yeah that's interesting. Yeah I don't like I get very like when I use my credit card like I only go to the store. Like basically I'll go to this, I'll go to the the pet store every once in a while. But I usually order, I usually order everything. Um I will go to the liquor store every once in a while,
but I get very nervous about using my car, not using it, but like, like the machine. So I was, when I come home, I'm usually like an old crappy wallet and I just lather that thing and like in a rubbing alcohol and scrub my cards down and just hold because I'm like very afraid, you know I mean? And they even say like, you know, the touching is not maybe the biggest thing, but I'm not buying it, I'm taking every precaution, it's worked so far and I'm I'm not deviating my whole routine at this point. But yeah, like you say, touching stuff. Yes, like I, yeah, I kind of sketches me out of the uh
And
you
Thanks.
But
what
I would imagine that's scary. That's really tough.
And
And are they are they doing that? Are you know, they actually like
really? I think
it's kids.
That was
I'm even just imagine a seven year old me doing that, you know, like a pretty unruly kid in my own right? Um Yeah, I can't imagine that God bless. I hope for your sake that you don't have to go. Yeah, it really I mean, well again, president biden, President elect biden. Hopefully he'll get this a little more under control. A more responsible like the trump, what kills me about trump is like making fun of people for wearing masks. You know, like how stupid is that? I mean, how ignorant is that? Like this whole thing was always just going right towards his face and care anything but his face and he got his face, but it wasn't enough you know I mean he probably would have been president. He was a little more open minded and not so
big
thank God it is wasn't over minded pig at it but that really was his that was his downfall. Just he all he cared about was his face. Um I just yeah so not to go off topic in politics but
uh yeah the masks and everything is just so essential and the C. D. C. I don't know you're speaking they came out yes I would say yes people wearing masks you know both people were masked prevent the disease like well thank you. I'm glad you guys finally got around to mentioning that it's like I kind of came to that conclusion a while ago. Um
Funny
I don't
absolutely.
Thanks.
a lot of them, I mean, honestly, a lot of, you know, they just follow him, you know? Uh huh uh It's yeah, it's crazy. Uh Again, you know, let's let's see him finally get out of the White House. I did say one thing though, and he is doing it right now, I was like, my dream was for him to lose, go kicking and screaming out of the White House and he's literally doing that right now, kicking and screaming. Um So that's one good thing that should be entertaining. It's gonna screw up transitional is obviously, and all this legal stuff is ridiculous, but he's making an ass of himself. Thank God.
I'm
yeah, before he was ever president or even a like a political candidate, I couldn't stand him, like even before the apprentice stuff, people just like the, you know, the, you know, the rich guy in new york city and the daily News post. I just couldn't stand it so arrogant and I just never forget when he was elected. I was like I was in shock that night. I was like just like I do not believe donald trump is the president of the United States. He was but it was like oh my lord the last four years ago. I mean I'm sorry has been I mean I just as you said it's amazing that he has all the support, it's amazing that people can make a deal crazy,
you
know.
Mark.
Okay thank you. Yes tomorrow. Yes she's got to get some uh he's called for Vox by recall correctly. She had it before like a year ago. Um She had a U. T. I also apparently these things are there there were some more common. Yeah she's a good girl. She's like uh she's amazingly recently as I said I'll tie this up. But yeah like I've had her locked off and I didn't realize she still had like this athletic ability. Yeah like I'm sleeping on the floor like blocking her off from an area and she just made a run for it right in my chest and hop right over my head. I was like wow it's like amazing. Like I thought
those days are long behind
you. But apparently she's a good girl. Just feed you can't right now. Is this your first cat by the way, continue.
Oh no I think you should get a cat. I'm sorry.
Oh okay. Yeah just in the same breath of the dog feed them right feed them like the right food, healthy food. You know like kind of stay away from the outflow outputs more of like Mcdonalds from the dog. You know what I'm saying? And the same with like fancy feast for catches. You know, make sure you keep good food and watch all their stuff. Don't do that. I live a very, very long time.
It's not going to,
I,
and
I'm
told,
well, you know, sink travels when you do
come. True.
Be careful. Uh, see traveling christmas if you drive as well. Right?
No, you do all right
with you.