SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, my room's a mass. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh wound from us do my room's month. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I experience. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Okay. Okay. It crashed. Mhm. Okay. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. This time. Okay. Right. Yeah, dead but Mhm. It's Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Hey, can you be
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can. Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: what's good? How are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I'm scrambling with my power cord. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm doing all right. I'm hanging in there. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Um Hi, my name is an um what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: My name is lou.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Okay, nice to meet you lou
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you too. You said dan, Is that right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What side of the country are you on?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Midwest. Midwest.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: yourself,
SPEAKER_R: On. I'm on the West Coast.
SPEAKER_L: that's carl soccer. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Are you are you uh staying home a lot or you getting out and able to work?
SPEAKER_L: Oh right, now, so I'm a student um I mean my doctoral program for pharmacy and I'm doing a masters in public health, but I'm on my rotations for just, you know, just pharmacy right now and all the rotations I've been on so far. Um Most of them have been just been at home, so we're working at home instead of being in the actual hospitals.
SPEAKER_R: Good. And that's good. I feel awful for those doctors and nurses and everybody who have to just be in the middle of people who keep saying this is no big deal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's the thing, like I feel fortunate that, you know, even as a student, they're not forcing us to be in contact with, just not at risk, but just in general patients in the hospital, you know? So yeah, a lot of things have then um just like if we're not doing it at home, we're just in the pharmacy and there's restricting us to just like if you have any questions for the patients, you would call them any recommendations to the provider. We would be just calling them instead of, you know, having more that face to face interaction. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's really good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's super fortunate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like I haven't even been working at the pharmacy, like even when I'm doing this because my dad has diabetes and I'm not sure if, you know, like a lot of people with diabetes are more at risk and other people for just getting the coronavirus so definitely is concerned.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We have that. My wife and I have um her parents and then my parents kind of have some like one has respiratory issues and stuff like that. And they are kind of like uh deal and we're just sitting here like well we had to tell them, we're like, look, we're not going to see you for a while because they aren't taking it super seriously and
SPEAKER_L: I and that's the thing. It's like, like, why isn't serious? It's called pandemic for a reason. It's not called like, like a o is like a small outbreak, you know, or an epidemic pandemic. It's like, I like, even if you have like the little health complications, like, there's no, there's no, like, I don't want to sound rude, but there's not a care for this. There's not a treatment like,
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: it's just managing the patient's symptoms of when, like anything that comes up with the coronavirus, you know? So that's why I mean, I don't that's so strange. Like, why are they serious? You know? It's like, it's real. It's not fake.
SPEAKER_R: Well I have this, I have this theory that I have no academic data to follow up on, but I'm kind of like, I've started to really believe that the people who were like, let's get back to normal, let's do this right now are the ones who are genuinely afraid of like that new. I know it's always said that way, but a new normal, like they don't want that and so they're kind of in denial of what's actually happening and especially like where we're at, our numbers aren't crazy. Um but they're worse than they were in March and april by a long shot and things keep getting worse and it seems like that keeps pushing people more and more into like, well, it's no big deal, we're fine. We haven't got it. Look, there's hardly anybody and it's like, yeah, that's how you prevent it. You don't uh
SPEAKER_L: Two and like, but no, I agree. It's like they're saying. I mean, like, even our own presence saying it is what it is now. Like instead of instead of accepting the new normal, he's just saying it is what it is. People die like how how tragic is that? You know? And like even like I've been reading on florida how they're like, oh yeah it's been going down, it's going down because no one's getting tested during a hurricane warning. Um who's gonna go, you know, drive to get tested during a hurricane morning season? No one is so that's why cases are going down because there's not just being tested reported But like no one is making common sense and these things and it's I don't I don't get it. It's like is it that hard just to take care of yourself and others by wearing a mass outside? Apparently it is. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't get it. And I'm even more um you know, of course there's certain news stations I steer clear of just because they're crazy. Um But after, I don't know if you saw that that axios interview with trump
SPEAKER_L: I didn't watch the whole thing now.
SPEAKER_R: it is it that is a part of my language. It was a shit show and it's awful. Like it's just it was so awful. And then for the hell of it, I saw there was a Fox News video on Youtube about joe biden's uh he can't get through a sentence and I was like okay, I'm going to watch this, it shows like one part where he like stumbles over his words, but the dude used to have a stutter and so that's going to happen every once in a while and then they asked him if he'd take that cognitive test that trump was bragging about, he's like, no, I'm not going to do that. Why why would I do that? That's for people who are like they're concerned about like other issues, right? I'm sure you know that, but they just kept ragging on biden about how he can't get through a sentence, how he doesn't understand anything and I'm like this just projection like, you know that your buddy trump is awful, but let's redirect to biden because we don't like him.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and that's a no I heard degree. Not only the redirecting the whole like concerns for dementia also redirecting like trump's association with like you know like Jeffrey Epstein and stuff. Same thing with Biden, they're trying to redirected towards Biden and his pedophilic tendencies to touch Children in like you know inappropriate location and all this stuff and it's like it's like okay so you're saying trump doing it and his friends doing it's okay but you shouldn't vote for biden because he also does it, that makes no sense. And and it's it's very strange how people accepted like that or like how trump you know, is saying oh mask are okay and people now are okay kind of winning mask now, it's like like are you seriously gonna follow a dude who has, well, a political background or someone who has a doctoral background for multiple, multiple decades, you know? Right? No 100% agree with you have everything you said. It's I don't understand it. It's laughable in my opinion. But that's that's what we get though. Um I think from just having a vast source of the internet, people can read what they want to believe and that's all they're gonna read about. And I feel I feel like they're not gonna I don't want to say the truth, you know? But like actually just brought in the horizon. But that's what I know as a, you know, as as from what I know, but and like even like my dad's like 64 now, like, like I don't get how my dad's more well knowledge and like renews, but the other six year olds, they think it's fake. It's not real. It's I don't, from, from my perspective, I don't understand it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: same,
SPEAKER_L: That's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's frustrating, especially like you said when they have like different, they won't apply the same things to both people um and each time they go, but what about this person doing it? It's like, so does that like you said, does that make it okay? Are you justifying it because my guy did it first? Like what the hell? Why can't both be a bad thing or can both be a good thing or something? But yeah, just these weird standards that people um aren't applying to trump, I just, it's weird, I just never, I'm not like I haven't been around on this earth like forever, like my late thirties, but this is just weird, like I've never seen anything this weird before and it's just because of a lack of logic and reason and uh
SPEAKER_L: No, I completely agree with you and you know like I'm glad that like you actually have that same like realization because I'm like is there other people like me that realized like this is so weird? Like how how can you justify one thing but not accept the other thing? It makes no sense. Or like how can you justify that? The coronavirus is just for the election. It will go away after the election. Like, like so how can it impact the whole world? But it's just for the United States election. Like this makes no sense at all. This makes no sense at all. Like and but like oh when I get it, I know it's real and I should tell everyone but but when I don't have it it's fake. It makes no sense. And like I understand people are saying it's the same thing as I'm not sure if you heard, but like apparently in like the whole mask situation is the same thing as a seatbelt situation. Apparently in the eighties And 90s people are saying that it's the same thing, but like why should I you know where seat belts, it's not gonna like, is it for me it's for someone else, It's the same thing with mask and I'm like, but there's a difference. You know, one is a car accident and this is a pandemic where you breathing can kill someone. It's you know, so
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know actually, oh go ahead. Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: No, no, it's okay. I was done.
SPEAKER_R: I actually you can actually take that car thing even further because people go, well I'm not wearing a mask because I don't care if I get sick and it's and the same people would be like, I'm not wearing a seat belt because I don't care if I die when I crash, but it's like the both of those things affect other people and just like a car crash, if you don't wear a seatbelt and you get thrown in your car, loses control, hurt somebody else and people have been ejected out of windshields and been okay and then they lightly tap a car and that person like it killed them, so it it doesn't even make sense. Oh, and then like, so if we have masks, why do we need social distancing? It's like a car has breaks in a seat belt and an airbag and like all of these things it really is a good
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: comparison and just shows how people are afraid of just change and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: not knowing
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: other people because they I mean I admit it I've lived in a fairly white bubble my whole life but and I've traveled a decent amount and this might sound dorky but I just really love to watch movies um and T. V. Shows and documentaries and everything because it's like that's something that's like a slice of life from somebody else or this is a story that somebody came up with in their head and they're sharing that with everybody and just Just that and just knowing like people do not, I should say it the other way I don't have to deal with like 90% of the crap a lot of people deal, so I'm fortunate in that regard, but I'm not delusional, that my experiences everybody else's and um we all just have different problems and things that affect us. And I used to work uh like in customer service and like I used to work in a video store and people would come in and get bent out of shape about like a dollar late fee or something like that. And it was somebody I wish I could remember who said it to me, but somebody said you know that person is not mad about that dollar, there's something else that they're upset about and they want to have control over this one thing just to feel stable and I'm like, oh my god, that makes that makes perfect sense. And so I try to give people a little bit of um cut him some slack and everything, but the ones who were just actively out to care for themselves.
SPEAKER_L: The Karens of the world.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. The karens. That's right. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I 100% agree with everything you said it. I it's like, you know, there's like, yeah, like, I think the same way, it was like sometimes people don't wear masking like a story and I'm like, okay, is there a reason behind it? But most, you know, definitely the benefit of doubt. But like if there's a reason why you're not wearing a mask, why are you even going to the store in the first place?
SPEAKER_R: Oh absolutely. Yeah, no I agree to man, it's nice being smarter and better than other people know,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I'm just getting
SPEAKER_L: it's it's just, I just don't get how like we can rationalize these things out, you know, yet other people have the same information, have access to the same the internet just like we do the same sources of information, but they can't make that connection is in I understand that, you know, America is more of a individualistic community society at the same time. Like we America United States was founded based on, you know, unity and community efforts, not individualism. So it's like, it's very, it's i it's and I'm like, look just like you I'm fortunate I'm in a bubble where no, I am surrounded by people who have seen beliefs that me and are more self aware so I can't understand certain things and very I just I just don't understand how people can just justify like that. But and it's just it's just so strange and like I'm like, I don't know like when it comes to politics, it's just like, you know, both sides has bad aspects, but like when you have a president who is not taking a pandemic seriously that just said something about you know, where we are as a nation. But that's that's how I perceive it.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: it's true.
SPEAKER_L: and like like are you working like what are you just staying at home? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry, I I thought you were saying like to trump are you working? And I was like yeah, no
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um well see and this is another reason why I'm really double fortunate a couple of years ago, I just pretty much crashed on office work and I've been doing it for years and I just crashed and my wife said like well I can support both of us, why don't you write because that's what you want to do? Um So I did I wrote a novel and I'm editing it right now, so I haven't made a Penny yet. Um But I have, I can also say I'd never worked that hard in my life, like it was just daily working on something and I I ended up with this like, 600 page beast of a novel that I'm trying to like hack through and slim down, but um man, so I'm double fortunate. Um and and I know like not everything works out the way we act, you know, planned for and whatever, but but my wife and I are just trying to be aware of like, where things can go. Maybe maybe her job may or may not be stable, you know, the people at her work don't take this stuff seriously. Um But she gets to work from home fortunately, which is, which is good, makes both of us relieved. Um But yeah, so that's like I said, I'm really fortunate to be doing what I like to do and hopefully it I make some money someday.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: But I just wrote it because it's something I would want to read, I'm like that's how I always feel a watch or read something and I go that person I think that that's meant for me you know and just little things that you can take away from and and um how that stuff affects you and build builds your personality and obviously like storytelling and stuff doesn't make up a whole person. But um I just really like it because it tells me um something about somebody different I guess. So
SPEAKER_L: What genre is that
SPEAKER_R: that's a very good question. Uh So it's uh it's fiction
SPEAKER_L: section?
SPEAKER_R: uh and it's like adventure, horror comedy. Um And do you know who H. P. Lovecraft is?
SPEAKER_L: That sounds so familiar but
SPEAKER_R: He's the guy who back in like the 20s and 30s he came up with like Kahului and the neck or not.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. Okay that's why it sounds when they were Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so I really love dogs. So I made talking dogs and a couple of cats and these people in their little neighborhood like the heroes and there's this giant like other world lead creepy monster thing who is may or may not be indestructible is trying to get dogs so that he can build an army to overtake people and when you know dogs are loyal, so the dogs are like no we're not going to do that. And so it's like a big there's all kinds of crazy crap in it. I I could take an hour just describing the premise but maybe that's not good. Um But yeah I just I really like horror, I really like funny horror, adventure is great and then you know there's of course like sad stuff, it has stakes, it's not just goofy all the way through, so um But yeah, I don't know who will read that, but I'm happy that I finished at least, so
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good though and I guess then after you finished revising and adding it, are you like is it the plan just post it on publish it like independently or like?
SPEAKER_R: you know, I'm not um I'm not sure, I've looked at a few Um publishing houses around here and there's one when I was looking for stuff, I actually found the exact genre that I guess I would call my book, which is bizarro fiction, it has um like really over the top, like gore and violence, but you really care about the characters, and I'm like, whoa, perfect. And there's um in Portland, there's this um publishing house that does that genre specifically, but their books are generally between like 100 and 200 pages or something like that, they're pretty short, but mine's a epic, crazy thing. That's part of my thing
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that I won't cut it down that far if that took off with that publishing house, that'd be great. But I'm pretty sure I'm just going to like self publish online and um I try and market it, I hate that word though. Um try and market it all from home now, where I was kind of thinking about maybe I could go to like comic Cons and get a table and sell it stuff like that, but I think right now it's unfortunately going to be word of mouth I assume, but That step 10 7000 one step 12 Something. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm just curious because I know I've I've read a lot of stuff on how like there's like should you go with publishing companies or should yourself publishing the benefits and eggs on both sides? Oh yeah, I was just curious and it looks like you know, you've definitely you went like you flogged and stuff so that's good.
SPEAKER_R: It's still, you know um knowing very, I think I know one or two people who have actually like published something, but I'm kind of, you know, the good side about the internet is I can go find people who know things are, you know, there's tons of stuff on Youtube about the pros and cons. Um like you said, so yeah, I don't, I don't really know yet. Um, I wish I had a little bit more guidance, but I'll get there I think once it's actually cut down enough and I can have an editor give it a proper read over instead of like my second character, whatever. So, uh yeah, it's been fun. It's been weird and I'm I'm very proud of myself for doing it and that doesn't happen very often.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, Hey, I wouldn't be able to write 600 pages of like anything, so that's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: amazing though.
SPEAKER_R: you have, you have all those like pharmaceuticals and all that information in your head, right? So
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Way way too much stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Way too much stuff. But yeah, that's true. And poet, you know, I'm assuming you have a title for this, this uh this novel. Right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It's going to be called The Dogs of Westbury Port and I'm in Oregon. And so I made like a fictional town on the west coast, like a beach town. And even that
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: is like, it's like a little play on a Lovecraft story called The Cats of All Far, and it's this really short story about like, the cats go missing in this town and nobody knows where they went until they show up, but you should look it up if you want the Cats of All Far, and it's probably like a five minute read. Um But so my title was kind of like a little play on that. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's I mean, hey, every author has their influences so when the companies are writing so definitely
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and that's part of my novel to as multiple characters are like, pop culture obsessed. So they're dropping references left and right. And I started wondering like, maybe there's too much of that, but I just started watching psych recently and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: my God, such a good show.
SPEAKER_R: is so I started I'm like, look at all the I think I'm gonna be okay in my book because they're constantly dropping references. I just watched Tuesday the 17th, which was a lot of fun. It was like the Friday
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: the 13th ounce
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: off.
SPEAKER_L: you do you play Spot the pineapple or no? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: few things, right? It's kind
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: of um crap fist bump, there's always a fist bump and I feel like there's a couple of things people say in every episode, like I can't do this right now or something.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that. I know it's always a pineapple in every episode, and like you said the title, it's always a play on on something. It was it was a good show. Um They have one movie and there's going to be another movie coming up.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I saw that. It's coming out this year, Something like that. Right? Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I grew I grew up with it.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Very good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I just started season four and I think there's eight seasons, if that's right, but I've been mowing through it and it's been great, it's been a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: it's uh for a like a pandemic tv show,
SPEAKER_R: perfect.
SPEAKER_L: It's a good one, It's a perfect one. So much comedy.
SPEAKER_R: totally. I watched or I rewatched I guess v for vendetta last night. Um And it's sort of I hadn't watched in a few years and it's sort of shocking how much of that is, like, more realistic than it used to be when I first watched. It's like, oh, man, I hope we never live in a fascist state like this. And then it's like the news is lying about stuff and it's all about control. There's a virus spread in the world that killed like 100,000 people. Uh There's a civil war in the United States, like it's just nuts. So, I that ended, I'm like, okay, time for psych made me feel a lot better. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's funny how like you know like you said that like it's like we have movies or like references that these things might happen to our society but you know it's just you wouldn't think it happens but apparently does the United States.
SPEAKER_R: yes, it does, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but nice like thanks a good show, the watches here off, especially when there's like nothing new right now because like no production studios are filming or anything. Yeah, I haven't been watching anything. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: I watch too much stuff. Um But it is kind of funny noticing the shows that are obviously being like uh maybe not produced, but they're doing like the post production work on it because a lot of people are using stock footage now, and I feel like and call that stuff out. I'm like, wow, that's generic stock footage. I've seen that one before, so
SPEAKER_L: That's funny because yeah, you're right. I think I've noticed in a lot more advertisements so lately because you can't no one is going to be doing that. Yeah, that's funny. Well that's a good thing to point out. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: But all right man. I think we We hit 25 minutes. Unless there do you want to talk about?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I'll be honest right now, I wish we could talk longer, but I have a project do that I've been protesting on so I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: actually need to complete that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no worries. Well, I was gonna say if you want to I can give you my email or my facebook thing if you want to shoot me a message sometime or told you though.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in uh facebook would be fine and I really don't I don't use it often, but it's definitely something and definitely I can write it down,
SPEAKER_R: Sure. So my first name is L. O. U. And uh it's Freetown F. As in frank R. I. T. O. N. People using this video for academic research please just blank out what I said right there. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: So yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, I actually will add you after this, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: it's nice, it's definitely is this your second time? First time? Third time talking we're doing this study or?
SPEAKER_R: this is my second time.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, this is my third time and
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's been pretty great, so I'm not sure if they're doing this on purpose, but like all three of them are more less leaning when it comes to the political spectrum and it's been more tailored towards, you know, no, just similar characteristics. So now if you're doing this the third time I'm assuming, so get someone similar to me or someone even better. But yeah it's been
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: definitely not talking to you lou.
SPEAKER_R: you too dan. I appreciate it. Well, good luck on your project and uh well, hopefully chat soon
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no worries. And you good luck in your book. Hopefully
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I see it. You know, probably maybe on amazon or maybe a new york's best seller. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully I need to knock on. There we go. So All right, well, you take care to talk to you soon
SPEAKER_L: yep. Here we go away.