Oh my God, my room's a mass. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh wound from us do my room's month. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I experience. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Okay. Okay. It crashed. Mhm. Okay. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. This time. Okay. Right. Yeah, dead but Mhm. It's Mhm. Uh huh.
Hey, can you be
what's good? How are you doing today?
Uh huh.
That's good. Um Hi, my name is an um what's your name?
Hello? Okay, nice to meet you lou
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh Midwest. Midwest.
yourself,
that's carl soccer. All right.
Oh right, now, so I'm a student um I mean my doctoral program for pharmacy and I'm doing a masters in public health, but I'm on my rotations for just, you know, just pharmacy right now and all the rotations I've been on so far. Um Most of them have been just been at home, so we're working at home instead of being in the actual hospitals.
Yeah. And that's the thing, like I feel fortunate that, you know, even as a student, they're not forcing us to be in contact with, just not at risk, but just in general patients in the hospital, you know? So yeah, a lot of things have then um just like if we're not doing it at home, we're just in the pharmacy and there's restricting us to just like if you have any questions for the patients, you would call them any recommendations to the provider. We would be just calling them instead of, you know, having more that face to face interaction. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. And like I haven't even been working at the pharmacy, like even when I'm doing this because my dad has diabetes and I'm not sure if, you know, like a lot of people with diabetes are more at risk and other people for just getting the coronavirus so definitely is concerned.
I and that's the thing. It's like, like, why isn't serious? It's called pandemic for a reason. It's not called like, like a o is like a small outbreak, you know, or an epidemic pandemic. It's like, I like, even if you have like the little health complications, like, there's no, there's no, like, I don't want to sound rude, but there's not a care for this. There's not a treatment like,
it's just managing the patient's symptoms of when, like anything that comes up with the coronavirus, you know? So that's why I mean, I don't that's so strange. Like, why are they serious? You know? It's like, it's real. It's not fake.
Two and like, but no, I agree. It's like they're saying. I mean, like, even our own presence saying it is what it is now. Like instead of instead of accepting the new normal, he's just saying it is what it is. People die like how how tragic is that? You know? And like even like I've been reading on florida how they're like, oh yeah it's been going down, it's going down because no one's getting tested during a hurricane warning. Um who's gonna go, you know, drive to get tested during a hurricane morning season? No one is so that's why cases are going down because there's not just being tested reported But like no one is making common sense and these things and it's I don't I don't get it. It's like is it that hard just to take care of yourself and others by wearing a mass outside? Apparently it is. Okay.
I didn't watch the whole thing now.
Yeah and that's a no I heard degree. Not only the redirecting the whole like concerns for dementia also redirecting like trump's association with like you know like Jeffrey Epstein and stuff. Same thing with Biden, they're trying to redirected towards Biden and his pedophilic tendencies to touch Children in like you know inappropriate location and all this stuff and it's like it's like okay so you're saying trump doing it and his friends doing it's okay but you shouldn't vote for biden because he also does it, that makes no sense. And and it's it's very strange how people accepted like that or like how trump you know, is saying oh mask are okay and people now are okay kind of winning mask now, it's like like are you seriously gonna follow a dude who has, well, a political background or someone who has a doctoral background for multiple, multiple decades, you know? Right? No 100% agree with you have everything you said. It's I don't understand it. It's laughable in my opinion. But that's that's what we get though. Um I think from just having a vast source of the internet, people can read what they want to believe and that's all they're gonna read about. And I feel I feel like they're not gonna I don't want to say the truth, you know? But like actually just brought in the horizon. But that's what I know as a, you know, as as from what I know, but and like even like my dad's like 64 now, like, like I don't get how my dad's more well knowledge and like renews, but the other six year olds, they think it's fake. It's not real. It's I don't, from, from my perspective, I don't understand it, you know?
That's it. Yeah.
No, I completely agree with you and you know like I'm glad that like you actually have that same like realization because I'm like is there other people like me that realized like this is so weird? Like how how can you justify one thing but not accept the other thing? It makes no sense. Or like how can you justify that? The coronavirus is just for the election. It will go away after the election. Like, like so how can it impact the whole world? But it's just for the United States election. Like this makes no sense at all. This makes no sense at all. Like and but like oh when I get it, I know it's real and I should tell everyone but but when I don't have it it's fake. It makes no sense. And like I understand people are saying it's the same thing as I'm not sure if you heard, but like apparently in like the whole mask situation is the same thing as a seatbelt situation. Apparently in the eighties And 90s people are saying that it's the same thing, but like why should I you know where seat belts, it's not gonna like, is it for me it's for someone else, It's the same thing with mask and I'm like, but there's a difference. You know, one is a car accident and this is a pandemic where you breathing can kill someone. It's you know, so
it's
No, no, it's okay. I was done.
What?
And
thanks.
The Karens of the world.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, I 100% agree with everything you said it. I it's like, you know, there's like, yeah, like, I think the same way, it was like sometimes people don't wear masking like a story and I'm like, okay, is there a reason behind it? But most, you know, definitely the benefit of doubt. But like if there's a reason why you're not wearing a mask, why are you even going to the store in the first place?
No,
it's it's just, I just don't get how like we can rationalize these things out, you know, yet other people have the same information, have access to the same the internet just like we do the same sources of information, but they can't make that connection is in I understand that, you know, America is more of a individualistic community society at the same time. Like we America United States was founded based on, you know, unity and community efforts, not individualism. So it's like, it's very, it's i it's and I'm like, look just like you I'm fortunate I'm in a bubble where no, I am surrounded by people who have seen beliefs that me and are more self aware so I can't understand certain things and very I just I just don't understand how people can just justify like that. But and it's just it's just so strange and like I'm like, I don't know like when it comes to politics, it's just like, you know, both sides has bad aspects, but like when you have a president who is not taking a pandemic seriously that just said something about you know, where we are as a nation. But that's that's how I perceive it.
It's just
and like like are you working like what are you just staying at home? Yeah.
Yeah.
All
What genre is that
section?
That sounds so familiar but
yeah. Yeah. Okay that's why it sounds when they were Okay.
Well that's good though and I guess then after you finished revising and adding it, are you like is it the plan just post it on publish it like independently or like?
I
Yeah. I'm just curious because I know I've I've read a lot of stuff on how like there's like should you go with publishing companies or should yourself publishing the benefits and eggs on both sides? Oh yeah, I was just curious and it looks like you know, you've definitely you went like you flogged and stuff so that's good.
I mean, Hey, I wouldn't be able to write 600 pages of like anything, so that's
amazing though.
Yes. Way way too much stuff. Yeah.
Way too much stuff. But yeah, that's true. And poet, you know, I'm assuming you have a title for this, this uh this novel. Right,
correct.
I mean that's I mean, hey, every author has their influences so when the companies are writing so definitely
my God, such a good show.
I'm
Do
you do you play Spot the pineapple or no? Okay.
What?
I didn't know that. I know it's always a pineapple in every episode, and like you said the title, it's always a play on on something. It was it was a good show. Um They have one movie and there's going to be another movie coming up.
I grew I grew up with it.
Very good. Yeah,
it's uh for a like a pandemic tv show,
It's a good one, It's a perfect one. So much comedy.
Yeah and it's funny how like you know like you said that like it's like we have movies or like references that these things might happen to our society but you know it's just you wouldn't think it happens but apparently does the United States.
Yeah, but nice like thanks a good show, the watches here off, especially when there's like nothing new right now because like no production studios are filming or anything. Yeah, I haven't been watching anything. Uh huh
That's funny because yeah, you're right. I think I've noticed in a lot more advertisements so lately because you can't no one is going to be doing that. Yeah, that's funny. Well that's a good thing to point out. Yeah. Uh huh.
I mean I'll be honest right now, I wish we could talk longer, but I have a project do that I've been protesting on so I
actually need to complete that.
I'm in uh facebook would be fine and I really don't I don't use it often, but it's definitely something and definitely I can write it down,
All
No, I actually will add you after this, but yeah,
it's nice, it's definitely is this your second time? First time? Third time talking we're doing this study or?
Okay, this is my third time and
yeah, it's been pretty great, so I'm not sure if they're doing this on purpose, but like all three of them are more less leaning when it comes to the political spectrum and it's been more tailored towards, you know, no, just similar characteristics. So now if you're doing this the third time I'm assuming, so get someone similar to me or someone even better. But yeah it's been
definitely not talking to you lou.
Yeah, no worries. And you good luck in your book. Hopefully
I see it. You know, probably maybe on amazon or maybe a new york's best seller. We'll see.
yep. Here we go away.