Hey, how's it going?
Yeah, I can. Perfect.
I'm sorry. I'm scrambling with my power cord. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm doing all right. I'm hanging in there. Um
My name is lou.
Nice to meet you too. You said dan, Is that right? Yeah.
Uh
What side of the country are you on?
All right.
On. I'm on the West Coast.
Are you are you uh staying home a lot or you getting out and able to work?
Good. And that's good. I feel awful for those doctors and nurses and everybody who have to just be in the middle of people who keep saying this is no big deal.
That's really good. Yeah.
That's super fortunate.
Yeah. We have that. My wife and I have um her parents and then my parents kind of have some like one has respiratory issues and stuff like that. And they are kind of like uh deal and we're just sitting here like well we had to tell them, we're like, look, we're not going to see you for a while because they aren't taking it super seriously and
totally.
Well I have this, I have this theory that I have no academic data to follow up on, but I'm kind of like, I've started to really believe that the people who were like, let's get back to normal, let's do this right now are the ones who are genuinely afraid of like that new. I know it's always said that way, but a new normal, like they don't want that and so they're kind of in denial of what's actually happening and especially like where we're at, our numbers aren't crazy. Um but they're worse than they were in March and april by a long shot and things keep getting worse and it seems like that keeps pushing people more and more into like, well, it's no big deal, we're fine. We haven't got it. Look, there's hardly anybody and it's like, yeah, that's how you prevent it. You don't uh
Yeah, I don't get it. And I'm even more um you know, of course there's certain news stations I steer clear of just because they're crazy. Um But after, I don't know if you saw that that axios interview with trump
it is it that is a part of my language. It was a shit show and it's awful. Like it's just it was so awful. And then for the hell of it, I saw there was a Fox News video on Youtube about joe biden's uh he can't get through a sentence and I was like okay, I'm going to watch this, it shows like one part where he like stumbles over his words, but the dude used to have a stutter and so that's going to happen every once in a while and then they asked him if he'd take that cognitive test that trump was bragging about, he's like, no, I'm not going to do that. Why why would I do that? That's for people who are like they're concerned about like other issues, right? I'm sure you know that, but they just kept ragging on biden about how he can't get through a sentence, how he doesn't understand anything and I'm like this just projection like, you know that your buddy trump is awful, but let's redirect to biden because we don't like him.
same,
Yeah, it's frustrating, especially like you said when they have like different, they won't apply the same things to both people um and each time they go, but what about this person doing it? It's like, so does that like you said, does that make it okay? Are you justifying it because my guy did it first? Like what the hell? Why can't both be a bad thing or can both be a good thing or something? But yeah, just these weird standards that people um aren't applying to trump, I just, it's weird, I just never, I'm not like I haven't been around on this earth like forever, like my late thirties, but this is just weird, like I've never seen anything this weird before and it's just because of a lack of logic and reason and uh
You
know actually, oh go ahead. Sorry,
I actually you can actually take that car thing even further because people go, well I'm not wearing a mask because I don't care if I get sick and it's and the same people would be like, I'm not wearing a seat belt because I don't care if I die when I crash, but it's like the both of those things affect other people and just like a car crash, if you don't wear a seatbelt and you get thrown in your car, loses control, hurt somebody else and people have been ejected out of windshields and been okay and then they lightly tap a car and that person like it killed them, so it it doesn't even make sense. Oh, and then like, so if we have masks, why do we need social distancing? It's like a car has breaks in a seat belt and an airbag and like all of these things it really is a good
comparison and just shows how people are afraid of just change and
not knowing
other people because they I mean I admit it I've lived in a fairly white bubble my whole life but and I've traveled a decent amount and this might sound dorky but I just really love to watch movies um and T. V. Shows and documentaries and everything because it's like that's something that's like a slice of life from somebody else or this is a story that somebody came up with in their head and they're sharing that with everybody and just Just that and just knowing like people do not, I should say it the other way I don't have to deal with like 90% of the crap a lot of people deal, so I'm fortunate in that regard, but I'm not delusional, that my experiences everybody else's and um we all just have different problems and things that affect us. And I used to work uh like in customer service and like I used to work in a video store and people would come in and get bent out of shape about like a dollar late fee or something like that. And it was somebody I wish I could remember who said it to me, but somebody said you know that person is not mad about that dollar, there's something else that they're upset about and they want to have control over this one thing just to feel stable and I'm like, oh my god, that makes that makes perfect sense. And so I try to give people a little bit of um cut him some slack and everything, but the ones who were just actively out to care for themselves.
Yes. The karens. That's right. Oh
man. Yeah.
Oh absolutely. Yeah, no I agree to man, it's nice being smarter and better than other people know,
I'm just getting
No
it's true.
I'm sorry, I I thought you were saying like to trump are you working? And I was like yeah, no
um well see and this is another reason why I'm really double fortunate a couple of years ago, I just pretty much crashed on office work and I've been doing it for years and I just crashed and my wife said like well I can support both of us, why don't you write because that's what you want to do? Um So I did I wrote a novel and I'm editing it right now, so I haven't made a Penny yet. Um But I have, I can also say I'd never worked that hard in my life, like it was just daily working on something and I I ended up with this like, 600 page beast of a novel that I'm trying to like hack through and slim down, but um man, so I'm double fortunate. Um and and I know like not everything works out the way we act, you know, planned for and whatever, but but my wife and I are just trying to be aware of like, where things can go. Maybe maybe her job may or may not be stable, you know, the people at her work don't take this stuff seriously. Um But she gets to work from home fortunately, which is, which is good, makes both of us relieved. Um But yeah, so that's like I said, I'm really fortunate to be doing what I like to do and hopefully it I make some money someday.
But I just wrote it because it's something I would want to read, I'm like that's how I always feel a watch or read something and I go that person I think that that's meant for me you know and just little things that you can take away from and and um how that stuff affects you and build builds your personality and obviously like storytelling and stuff doesn't make up a whole person. But um I just really like it because it tells me um something about somebody different I guess. So
that's a very good question. Uh So it's uh it's fiction
uh and it's like adventure, horror comedy. Um And do you know who H. P. Lovecraft is?
He's the guy who back in like the 20s and 30s he came up with like Kahului and the neck or not.
so I really love dogs. So I made talking dogs and a couple of cats and these people in their little neighborhood like the heroes and there's this giant like other world lead creepy monster thing who is may or may not be indestructible is trying to get dogs so that he can build an army to overtake people and when you know dogs are loyal, so the dogs are like no we're not going to do that. And so it's like a big there's all kinds of crazy crap in it. I I could take an hour just describing the premise but maybe that's not good. Um But yeah I just I really like horror, I really like funny horror, adventure is great and then you know there's of course like sad stuff, it has stakes, it's not just goofy all the way through, so um But yeah, I don't know who will read that, but I'm happy that I finished at least, so
you know, I'm not um I'm not sure, I've looked at a few Um publishing houses around here and there's one when I was looking for stuff, I actually found the exact genre that I guess I would call my book, which is bizarro fiction, it has um like really over the top, like gore and violence, but you really care about the characters, and I'm like, whoa, perfect. And there's um in Portland, there's this um publishing house that does that genre specifically, but their books are generally between like 100 and 200 pages or something like that, they're pretty short, but mine's a epic, crazy thing. That's part of my thing
that I won't cut it down that far if that took off with that publishing house, that'd be great. But I'm pretty sure I'm just going to like self publish online and um I try and market it, I hate that word though. Um try and market it all from home now, where I was kind of thinking about maybe I could go to like comic Cons and get a table and sell it stuff like that, but I think right now it's unfortunately going to be word of mouth I assume, but That step 10 7000 one step 12 Something. So
It's still, you know um knowing very, I think I know one or two people who have actually like published something, but I'm kind of, you know, the good side about the internet is I can go find people who know things are, you know, there's tons of stuff on Youtube about the pros and cons. Um like you said, so yeah, I don't, I don't really know yet. Um, I wish I had a little bit more guidance, but I'll get there I think once it's actually cut down enough and I can have an editor give it a proper read over instead of like my second character, whatever. So, uh yeah, it's been fun. It's been weird and I'm I'm very proud of myself for doing it and that doesn't happen very often.
But
you have, you have all those like pharmaceuticals and all that information in your head, right? So
Yes.
yeah. It's going to be called The Dogs of Westbury Port and I'm in Oregon. And so I made like a fictional town on the west coast, like a beach town. And even that
is like, it's like a little play on a Lovecraft story called The Cats of All Far, and it's this really short story about like, the cats go missing in this town and nobody knows where they went until they show up, but you should look it up if you want the Cats of All Far, and it's probably like a five minute read. Um But so my title was kind of like a little play on that. Yeah, so
yeah, and that's part of my novel to as multiple characters are like, pop culture obsessed. So they're dropping references left and right. And I started wondering like, maybe there's too much of that, but I just started watching psych recently and I'm like,
is so I started I'm like, look at all the I think I'm gonna be okay in my book because they're constantly dropping references. I just watched Tuesday the 17th, which was a lot of fun. It was like the Friday
the 13th ounce
off.
few things, right? It's kind
of um crap fist bump, there's always a fist bump and I feel like there's a couple of things people say in every episode, like I can't do this right now or something.
Oh, I saw that. It's coming out this year, Something like that. Right? Yes,
that's
I just started season four and I think there's eight seasons, if that's right, but I've been mowing through it and it's been great, it's been a lot of fun.
perfect.
totally. I watched or I rewatched I guess v for vendetta last night. Um And it's sort of I hadn't watched in a few years and it's sort of shocking how much of that is, like, more realistic than it used to be when I first watched. It's like, oh, man, I hope we never live in a fascist state like this. And then it's like the news is lying about stuff and it's all about control. There's a virus spread in the world that killed like 100,000 people. Uh There's a civil war in the United States, like it's just nuts. So, I that ended, I'm like, okay, time for psych made me feel a lot better. So
yes, it does, unfortunately.
I watch too much stuff. Um But it is kind of funny noticing the shows that are obviously being like uh maybe not produced, but they're doing like the post production work on it because a lot of people are using stock footage now, and I feel like and call that stuff out. I'm like, wow, that's generic stock footage. I've seen that one before, so
But all right man. I think we We hit 25 minutes. Unless there do you want to talk about?
Well,
yeah, no worries. Well, I was gonna say if you want to I can give you my email or my facebook thing if you want to shoot me a message sometime or told you though.
Sure. So my first name is L. O. U. And uh it's Freetown F. As in frank R. I. T. O. N. People using this video for academic research please just blank out what I said right there. Thank you.
So yeah. Yeah.
on
this is my second time.
on.
No,
you too dan. I appreciate it. Well, good luck on your project and uh well, hopefully chat soon
and
hopefully I need to knock on. There we go. So All right, well, you take care to talk to you soon