SPEAKER_L: there we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, mm. Yeah. Okay, let's see. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Hello, how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Can you hear me? Ok? Can you see me? Okay? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Second.
SPEAKER_R: so we talk for 25 minutes. Um did you wanna just
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: free talk or did you want to answer their questions or what?
SPEAKER_L: um I don't see their questions on my plan, are you able to see that?
SPEAKER_R: No, I just know that they gave that as an option. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not seeing that pop up so we can just free talk. I'm thinking
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we can do that. My name is john Icka. I don't know if we're supposed to give out our names, but my name is John Icka and
SPEAKER_L: I know that.
SPEAKER_R: you can see me, I'm here in my bedroom because there's a lot of construction going on in the house and that's a a bit
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: noisy for me. So yeah. Um what's what's what's your thing? Hi. Right,
SPEAKER_L: right now I'm actually in a parking lot.
SPEAKER_R: thankfully.
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm working inside of a manufacturing plant, that's why I look kind of dirty and it's really loud in there, so I saw this study pop up, I figured I didnt take a lunch yet, I would just use it as time to talk and uh so yeah I'm just sitting out here and uh
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: enjoying
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: the day.
SPEAKER_R: are what are you manufacturing in the manufacturing plants?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually a contractor, so I well a supplier um so I'm setting up sort of a fastener center for them.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Um So yeah it's it's really snowy here. Um I didn't so today, but yesterday it was kind of kind of bad and I live in the Northeast, I'm not sure if you get a lot of snow wherever you're at.
SPEAKER_R: We do sometimes um uh we we appreciate the snow because it creates moisture. I'm I'm at the top of texas kind of close to Oklahoma and people don't think that it gets cold in texas but it really does up here. So yeah, um it's we're not so much not so much last year we had snow and cold temperatures and the year before that we were in Laos so we missed all the cold weather which was wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I missed that. How? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh you know, I kind of like the cold. Um it's the heat, I really can't stand personally. Um I I much prefer being cold, I mean obviously when it gets to like you know sub zero or near zero and manufacturing the wind shell that can be kind of rough. Mm
SPEAKER_R: wind here is really really bad. Um They consider 20 miles an hour to be breezy. Um So and we often just have 30 40 mile an hour winds with gusts 65 mile an hour. Yeah, and that's
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: not even, that's not even tornado season. So we get those two, those are scary. So. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's been getting windier around where I live the past couple of years um but I'm not in any hurricanes, I mean we've had a couple tornadoes um but they're not very common.
SPEAKER_R: I I saw that my my brother used to live in Connecticut and they had a tornado which is, you know, like really weird. Yeah. So yeah, a couple years ago I think they had that tornado um he uh document there was a dumpster, a trash dumpster out in their parking lot. They lived right on a lake. Um I think they lived in Newark at that time, but they live just like right on this lake and it was raining and windy and a dumpster from the parking lot sort of floated down and across. And he documented this every hour upon the hour on his blog. And it was it was pretty hilarious to see this dumpster moving, I don't
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: have got me back and forth like when the wind would change or was it just
SPEAKER_R: yes it would, it moved and then it moved away and then it moved back and you know, and from their little gazebo that they had, he could just really documented it and he's very clever and had really funny, interesting things to say about it that I probably couldn't have come up with. But Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that that is actually kind of funny, I could see that being something I would be amused by two. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how they, they have since moved from Connecticut to upstate new york. So I'm kind of aware following the weather there. I'm
SPEAKER_L: But that's
SPEAKER_R: kind of a way of
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: part.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from, that's exactly where I'm from. Um Well people call it upstate is technically western new york, I'm like an hour and a half from buffalo. Well right now I'm actually close to buffalo, I travel a lot for work, but yeah, that's where I'm at.
SPEAKER_R: That means nothing to me. I know that my parents and my brother and all of them, they live in Rochester. That's that's so I think that's upstate new york. I don't know. My mom.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. I I live in the greater Rochester area, so
SPEAKER_R: Nine.
SPEAKER_L: I live in a I swear to God, I swear to God I live in the greater Rochester area, not in the city, but north in a really small town in a really, it's actually a village called Hilton. No one's ever heard of that, but the reason why I referenced buffalo is because usually people know where buffalo is because you know, they have sports teams. That's why I never bother saying Rochester or much less Hilton because that's such a small what? But that's funny. So you know what Rochester is but not but not because
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: family.
SPEAKER_R: know buffalo. Yeah. The only thing I know about buffalo is is a movie I saw with Ben Kingsley and he was some sort of alcoholic assassin who uh ended up in Buffalo and would go to these aa meetings and talk about how stressful his job was with and it was in Buffalo. And that's the only thing I know about Buffalo. I mean I've heard of the bills and all, but I don't really, no, not much about that, so.
SPEAKER_L: What are your, so what are your favorite types of um tv shows to wash curiosity?
SPEAKER_R: Well we don't watch actual tv, we don't have cable. I live on 30 acres. Um And there actually is not a cable run towards this property. We could get digital, but that would involve a whole bunch of stuff up on the roof and poles and you know, and why you
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: did. Yeah, you just get 1000 channels of shit, so um but I do love my netflix and and my prime. Um
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: like to, I like to watch a variety of stuff and I'm sorry I got cat hair on the screen. Sorry, it's right on your um
SPEAKER_L: I know how that
SPEAKER_R: So I like um I like dramas, I like action, I like monster stuff, space stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: For for what I watch without the family there I tend to go um I just discovered that I have this sort of guilty pleasure of these weird romcom. Is there was one called uh 16 Year or something like that, I can't remember what it was called, but it was this doctor chick from new york that came to the south and you know, I don't know, love triangles ensued and and I ended up now and I am not into the romance crap, I don't do pink, I don't do girly. So that was, it was kind of surprising that I was really into that um recently I've really liked glow the glamorous late wrestling show. Oh my
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: I'm so
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: Um what else? Uh more classically firefly Buffy Angel, all those good ones. Um right now on my own, I just started watching you, but I'm everybody's going crazy about it in my friendship circle, they're just oh my God, it's so good, it's so good. And to me it's just really not, it's just dexter light and I enjoyed next year the first time around but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I it's actually funny you say that I I um I've watched dexter three times over and I feel like I enjoyed it less each time. Whereas I've watched, okay, I really like Breaking Bad and I know it's cliche because everyone likes it but I just think it's very well directed and it kind of has something for everyone. Um
SPEAKER_R: List
SPEAKER_L: but every time I watch that I pretty much enjoy it the same amount and like I pick up on things that I didn't previously so yeah I feel like that's really the test of if a show or movie is good it's it's if it has good replay value you know if you can really enjoy it every time. But yeah that's a dexter, it's just it feels too calculated after a while, it feels too much like a formula, you know like every season is the same at a certain point like.
SPEAKER_R: and I hated the ending and um it was weird because when it turns out that he and his sister were having a relationship, I already knew that the actors were married so that I was just kind of like okay yeah weird, gross. No um I I also saw a picture about three times in a row and I liked it less each time Breaking Bad, I didn't get through the second season, it just got too much yo bitch bitch yo yo bitch and then it just sort of stuck, although I did really like some of the characters I really like to go and and what was the other one? I don't know, the old man,
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: old
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: get that german trout? Yeah um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I like Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: um Well you know it's funny you say that because I mean so they had a couple of characters that were very um gangster or gangster wannabe but I feel like that didn't really define the show at least that's how I viewed it, that's not how I viewed it I guess. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well you probably stuck with it passed and I think for me it just it's not a binging show like if I had watched it once a week or twice a week I probably would have followed it better but yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually agree
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: with that.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: It's not meant to be binged.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and and it just and that's what we were doing we were binging that was back in the days when we were just still getting netflix dvds so we didn't really have a choice. We had to binge it
SPEAKER_L: remember that, wasn't it? Used to be 8 99 for the DVD and the streaming service, then they
SPEAKER_R: brand.
SPEAKER_L: made it separately and now it's 13 99 just for streaming. That
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bothers
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy it's crazy it's still cheaper than cable so
SPEAKER_L: That's very true.
SPEAKER_R: that's why you do it. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um personally I found recently I really prefer you. Um and it's because I've got and this is a guilty pleasure. I've got into some stupid reality shows like uh 90 Day Fiance. Um I'm sure you my God,
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: I I used to never so I never used to like reality shows, but then it's like one of those things, once you start, it's like a train wreck, you can't look away. Um But yeah, I've got into that, I really like shark tank.
SPEAKER_R: I like shark tank.
SPEAKER_L: I I really like that show and I feel like at least there is a glimmer of real nous to that show. I mean they're making real deals for the most part, you know? Like they say like roughly half the time when they make a deal on screen, it actually goes through which to me that's that's not a bad ratio. You know, once you sit down things change, you know, you find out different things. So I do like that.
SPEAKER_R: I am actually more of a reader than a T. V. Watcher or movie watcher but my family's are not readers so we end up compromising and watching recently we've tried to watch a few of the Prime football games. We I guess we had a we had an analogue antenna since we didn't have cable. And they have now completely discontinued that so we don't actually even get real tv. So that means no real football. And um my husband is definitely a Steelers fan and my brother in law who lives just outside of our house in a little camper is a cowboys fan. And so there's that rival way they like to uh they like to watch and get mad and yell and I I don't really understand that if you're so angry why are you watching it? And he's like because this is fun but.
SPEAKER_L: I can get into that. I can relate to that. I'm not a huge football fan, but during the playoffs I do sort of really get into it and then I like a lot of different sports watching from the playoffs onward because then I feel like the stakes are high or it's more intense. But actually I'm curious because I have amazon Prime. I didn't know you could watch football in there.
SPEAKER_R: Yes thursday night you can watch thursday night football on Prime and if you just pay a little bit more for Cbs access all access CBS or whatever it's called. Then you get the live games as well that they would actually be showing on Cbs in your region anyway so it doesn't really make sense to pay for that for sports if you already have T. V. So that doesn't make any sense. But yeah thursday night thursday night football is on prime.
SPEAKER_L: so you can basically re watch it?
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: What one?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know I think it's actually live I think it's whatever would be showing live in your area anyway. Um Because I know we've had to we've had to wait until the game starts so but you know to be honest I don't remember if that was Cbs all access or if it was actually just thursday night streaming.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got to check into that and I'm also curious if if they would, I know you're saying they do thursday night, but I wonder if they would do playoffs as well, since that's kind of, you know, a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: different
SPEAKER_R: don't know
SPEAKER_L: thanks,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know I don't know I'm really not that in football so I'm more into real football which is soccer and uh and and mm a stuff I like to watch people beat up on each other. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: watch
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: um so I I watched something a little uh lower brow than that once in a while, I'll indulge watch some fighting videos online, just people going at it. Um You know,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it gets it gets your adrenaline going, you know, I see the appeal. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: the bare knuckle stuff or just like back alley, that kind of stuff, yeah, yeah, I am, I was a punk rocker in my teen years and um in Hollywood and so a lot of my time was spent at gigs. Um they are shows, they didn't call them concerts, they were shows or gigs and generally um there was almost always violence and the riot cops would come out and um I was really into that for a minute. Uh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: back in the eighties, that was, yeah, so I think my my love of watching it has carried over. I don't even follow particular fighters or anything like that, but I do still enjoy watching it, it's it's good stuff for me. Yeah, certainly
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome,
SPEAKER_R: real life Thunderdome shit,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, look at that, Yeah, I've never been in a fight in my life. Um and I mean I played, I mean, just I'm not I'm more of a uh I guess an academic type person more than anything. Um Like I like learning uh I'll work out once in a while but I'm just not, I don't know, I'm just not as inclined that way in all
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: cases,
SPEAKER_R: my kids, I'm one of my kids is very, very athletic. Um She actually had a goal at one point to play rugby um she's a black belt in taekwondo and was really into uh proving herself to be one of the guys. Um My middle daughter was, well, she went along with the taekwondo stuff because her sister was doing it, but she wasn't really into it. Um she's also not an academic, she is, she's one of those people where if it had been a thing then as it is now, she would be doing like makeup videos and youtube stuff on,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: how to be, you know, cute and pretty and she's very artistic and she takes wonderful photographs, but her her intelligence goes less towards the academic and more towards the visual I think. Um and then my youngest daughter um definitely bookish, definitely academic, she wrote her first novel length book when she was 15 and she never let me read it. So I have no idea if it was any good and by the time she was 18 she hated it instead it was all shit and wouldn't wouldn't even look at it herself. Little anybody else read it. And then my youngest who just turned 17 is um he's into python and Lennox and you know programming languages and it's sort of on the fence about whether he wants to go to university immediately after high school or if he wants to do something like get a welding certificate and then pay for his own university later which is what I'm encouraging because we have we have livestock and that's that's sort of feaster famine, it's like contracting, you know so you either have the money or you don't so um we definitely can't afford to send another kid to university so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah I'm I'm I'm very fortunate um I knew like everyone, all my peers were kind of like debating which college you wanted to go to to me, it was simple what's the closest and the cheapest? And that's right, I went and then it was about four grand semester but I was able to get scholarships, like academic scholarships all the way through, so I didn't really have to pay much of anything, I think I had like nine grand left over, I was able to pay it off in like a year, but yeah, that's really, it's really expensive stuff. Um I'm happy so I I have two daughters, I'm actually really happy that in new york will pay for your tuition if you go to a state school and you keep like a five class load all the way through. Um Because to me it's just it's so much of a risk because you don't know if you're going to even like the path you chose until you're in the field and you're you know $50,000 in. So you know I like the idea that um mowing the cheapest route and and I think trade school is an excellent idea to I mean if if that's if that's kind of what you're into.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Well it's a welding certificate or M. I. T. So those were his two choices at this point. Um Yeah yeah and he's you know he's got the brains for it and he used to have the grades for it. I was really really writing him about the grades because I I kept on him saying that you know his dad and I did not have the benefit of a university education and our income reflects that and I didn't want that life for him. Um And he's just he's been into computers and all of that since he was eight. Um So I was really pushing that but then I think I watched people don't hang up if you don't agree with my politics please. I think I watched a thing with Obama on David Letterman and um he said that he was just a mediocre high school student and I thought well if he can do it then my kid can be a mediocre high school student and I won't ride him about that anymore. Um So I think his grades have dipped down from all A's, two A's and B's and possibly a C. But he is you know he is taking um dual credit, he's already taking college classes and he's just a junior in high school right now. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean yeah I mean I wouldn't worry about you know in high school um I mean I failed some classes, I was terrible, I mean I didn't show up half the time then I got to college and my G. P. A. Was a 3.9 and I was the high I actually had the highest G. P. A. Of the 400 people in my major. So I mean to me it's just a matter of finding what you're comfortable. I mean college is so different then then high school
SPEAKER_R: it is it
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: UK
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: apples and oranges so I wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: I'm my last report card that I got from high school was just all efs everything was an F. Um But
SPEAKER_L: I just hated it. Okay
SPEAKER_R: I just I actually ended up dropping out of high school and just
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: blame
SPEAKER_R: to work
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: and then after after I had my third kid I went back to college and it was it was very very different. Um One of my professors freaked me out because he told me like on the first or second day, he says, I can tell that you're going to get an A in this class and not just not just messed me up so bad because then I got
SPEAKER_L: Rush is on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, right, the pressures on. And he had also said he seemed like a very agreeable teacher with social psychology. And he had said that, you know, if if on the test, he uh if we could come up with a reason why what he had marked wrong should actually be marked, right, whatever. Then he would give us points for that one test. I got like a 99 and I argued with him about one point showing him in the book where my answer was correct and he said, okay, I'll give you half a point. So I ended up with a 99.5 and I felt like I was a failure. I was like, okay, that's it, I'm done. I quit, I'm not getting 100 so I'm a failure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I I don't I wasn't then by myself. Um I mean as I continue to getting a throughout college I did feel some pressure book because I was like okay I want to maintain this. But I I mean I was also the type of person you know we got a test back. I would always argue that once I was marked wrong, even there was even one time where I received an a minus in a class and I went back after the semester had ended and argued, saying I should have an A and eventually got it changed. Um
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: No, I am.
SPEAKER_R: used to call me lisa Simpson in class because of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Kinds,
SPEAKER_L: mean that's a good way to be. I mean it's funny. I mean you mentioned his personality trait now my brain is just going in another direction um personality wise, I would consider myself pretty disagreeable um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like I'm pretty argumentative on things, but what are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_R: Are you like devil's advocate argumentative? Like you,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you just take the opposite side no matter what? Or
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you just very passionate in your beliefs?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I I'm passionate in my beliefs, I'm not going to just argue for the sake of arguing, but I I just sometimes I'm seen as petty by those around me. Like if I had to say what someone's critique of me would be it's it would be that I'm petty about things. But to me, every little thing counts, you know, depending
SPEAKER_R: Hm
SPEAKER_L: on what facet of life we're talking about. Uh you know, whether it's grades, whether it's taking a 30 cent survey, I just, you know, I'm always going to be the type of person that wants to get that extra dollar, That extra credit. That extra. I don't know. That's just
SPEAKER_R: Type.
SPEAKER_L: how it is. Taipei, there we go. Although I don't mean it that way in converse all the time in certain contexts, but Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I, I think I used to feel, I used to feel, I think my parents put a label on me of being type A, which I'm not at a very young age. I was labeled an attention seeker, which I'm not. Um and in in the process of, you know, entering my teen years and older, um I felt pressure to fill that role and um I did very poorly in life because of that because I am a complete introvert. I this conversation right now will end up being very exhausting for me. I'll have to recover for two hours afterwards, not not the topic of conversation or the partner, but just anything that's people. Um and so as a result of that pressure to fill that that label, um I ended up drinking and doing worse than that throughout my teen years because that was the only way I could be an extrovert and and and make friends easily and uh fill that that label that was put on me. And I think also in the process of that the type a you know, I was very driven but I wasn't really driven. It was I was trying to be driven and and trying to be the perfectionist now. Um I'm in the second second half of my century, I'm 51 yeah, I just don't care anymore. I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Those guys,
SPEAKER_R: am more about personal personal pleasures and and spending time with family and I really don't care what my parents think
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm the same way. I mean I keep a small circle um I don't like social settings where there's a lot of people never have. I tend to shut down in those settings, I just have no interest in them. To me it's easier like this, this is a good way to explain it to me, it's easier to make a presentation in front of 100 people than it is to try and make small talk with someone I don't know or don't have something in common with, I am terrible at that because I can't be I guess fake um I can't pretend to be interested when I'm not that type of thing. Um And and to me I always see people around me, they come across very normal and and to me it's like I don't know how everyone comes across that way and I know a lot of people feel that way internally. I know a lot of people feel weird internally but it doesn't come across, I feel like for me it often does. Um I'm just not good at hiding how it is I feel or what I am experiencing internally mm.
SPEAKER_R: Not appropriate for polite society is how I feel about myself. I am not appropriate for polite society and I really don't care to be these days.
SPEAKER_L: You know then you Uh huh That's all
SPEAKER_R: So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a her
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: on your singing?
SPEAKER_L: driver
SPEAKER_R: I thought
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it said that a timer. I thought it said it would have a like a countdown timer
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's that's what I was wondering
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: because we started at 1 13 and now it's 43 so 42 43. So um I know you're probably an hour behind but yeah I mean that's that's got to be
SPEAKER_R: 15.
SPEAKER_L: that's basically a half hour so I'm not sure. Maybe it's on the other screen. I'm not sure if you're doing it on the phone or a laptop
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm on a laptop. So
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think you can do it on a phone.
SPEAKER_L: Oh so maybe maybe if you go back um Uh huh. On the other screen I mean obviously don't click out but just click on the other tab.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: let
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: me try
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Gallet
SPEAKER_R: Zero.
SPEAKER_L: or never.
SPEAKER_R: Let me see. Okay, I'm probably gonna disappear here for a second or you will one of the uh nope. I do not see a countdown thing, so I don't know what time I started, I wasn't even paying attention. That's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was 1 13. So at this point we're at a half hour and
SPEAKER_R: Well, it was really nice to meet you. I'm
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty much done. If you
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: are, we can do that. Good luck with your contracting stuff and and that kind of stuff and I'm gonna click back and see what I need to do to not do this anymore.
SPEAKER_L: All