I'm good. Can you hear me? Ok? Can you see me? Okay? Okay,
so we talk for 25 minutes. Um did you wanna just
free talk or did you want to answer their questions or what?
No, I just know that they gave that as an option. Mm.
Yeah, we can do that. My name is john Icka. I don't know if we're supposed to give out our names, but my name is John Icka and
you can see me, I'm here in my bedroom because there's a lot of construction going on in the house and that's a a bit
noisy for me. So yeah. Um what's what's what's your thing? Hi. Right,
thankfully.
What
what
are what are you manufacturing in the manufacturing plants?
Good.
We do sometimes um uh we we appreciate the snow because it creates moisture. I'm I'm at the top of texas kind of close to Oklahoma and people don't think that it gets cold in texas but it really does up here. So yeah, um it's we're not so much not so much last year we had snow and cold temperatures and the year before that we were in Laos so we missed all the cold weather which was wonderful.
Yeah, I missed that. How? Yeah.
wind here is really really bad. Um They consider 20 miles an hour to be breezy. Um So and we often just have 30 40 mile an hour winds with gusts 65 mile an hour. Yeah, and that's
not even, that's not even tornado season. So we get those two, those are scary. So. Yeah,
I I saw that my my brother used to live in Connecticut and they had a tornado which is, you know, like really weird. Yeah. So yeah, a couple years ago I think they had that tornado um he uh document there was a dumpster, a trash dumpster out in their parking lot. They lived right on a lake. Um I think they lived in Newark at that time, but they live just like right on this lake and it was raining and windy and a dumpster from the parking lot sort of floated down and across. And he documented this every hour upon the hour on his blog. And it was it was pretty hilarious to see this dumpster moving, I don't
know.
yes it would, it moved and then it moved away and then it moved back and you know, and from their little gazebo that they had, he could just really documented it and he's very clever and had really funny, interesting things to say about it that I probably couldn't have come up with. But Yeah.
Yeah. So how they, they have since moved from Connecticut to upstate new york. So I'm kind of aware following the weather there. I'm
kind of a way of
part.
That means nothing to me. I know that my parents and my brother and all of them, they live in Rochester. That's that's so I think that's upstate new york. I don't know. My mom.
Nine.
I
don't
know buffalo. Yeah. The only thing I know about buffalo is is a movie I saw with Ben Kingsley and he was some sort of alcoholic assassin who uh ended up in Buffalo and would go to these aa meetings and talk about how stressful his job was with and it was in Buffalo. And that's the only thing I know about Buffalo. I mean I've heard of the bills and all, but I don't really, no, not much about that, so.
Well we don't watch actual tv, we don't have cable. I live on 30 acres. Um And there actually is not a cable run towards this property. We could get digital, but that would involve a whole bunch of stuff up on the roof and poles and you know, and why you
did. Yeah, you just get 1000 channels of shit, so um but I do love my netflix and and my prime. Um
I
like to, I like to watch a variety of stuff and I'm sorry I got cat hair on the screen. Sorry, it's right on your um
So I like um I like dramas, I like action, I like monster stuff, space stuff. Um
For for what I watch without the family there I tend to go um I just discovered that I have this sort of guilty pleasure of these weird romcom. Is there was one called uh 16 Year or something like that, I can't remember what it was called, but it was this doctor chick from new york that came to the south and you know, I don't know, love triangles ensued and and I ended up now and I am not into the romance crap, I don't do pink, I don't do girly. So that was, it was kind of surprising that I was really into that um recently I've really liked glow the glamorous late wrestling show. Oh my
I'm so
funny.
Um what else? Uh more classically firefly Buffy Angel, all those good ones. Um right now on my own, I just started watching you, but I'm everybody's going crazy about it in my friendship circle, they're just oh my God, it's so good, it's so good. And to me it's just really not, it's just dexter light and I enjoyed next year the first time around but
List
and I hated the ending and um it was weird because when it turns out that he and his sister were having a relationship, I already knew that the actors were married so that I was just kind of like okay yeah weird, gross. No um I I also saw a picture about three times in a row and I liked it less each time Breaking Bad, I didn't get through the second season, it just got too much yo bitch bitch yo yo bitch and then it just sort of stuck, although I did really like some of the characters I really like to go and and what was the other one? I don't know, the old man,
the
old
man.
Yeah I like Uh huh
Well you probably stuck with it passed and I think for me it just it's not a binging show like if I had watched it once a week or twice a week I probably would have followed it better but yeah
I don't
know.
Yeah and and it just and that's what we were doing we were binging that was back in the days when we were just still getting netflix dvds so we didn't really have a choice. We had to binge it
brand.
I
know
it's crazy it's crazy it's still cheaper than cable so
that's why you do it. Yeah. Yeah.
nope.
I like shark tank.
I am actually more of a reader than a T. V. Watcher or movie watcher but my family's are not readers so we end up compromising and watching recently we've tried to watch a few of the Prime football games. We I guess we had a we had an analogue antenna since we didn't have cable. And they have now completely discontinued that so we don't actually even get real tv. So that means no real football. And um my husband is definitely a Steelers fan and my brother in law who lives just outside of our house in a little camper is a cowboys fan. And so there's that rival way they like to uh they like to watch and get mad and yell and I I don't really understand that if you're so angry why are you watching it? And he's like because this is fun but.
Yes thursday night you can watch thursday night football on Prime and if you just pay a little bit more for Cbs access all access CBS or whatever it's called. Then you get the live games as well that they would actually be showing on Cbs in your region anyway so it doesn't really make sense to pay for that for sports if you already have T. V. So that doesn't make any sense. But yeah thursday night thursday night football is on prime.
and
I don't know I think it's actually live I think it's whatever would be showing live in your area anyway. Um Because I know we've had to we've had to wait until the game starts so but you know to be honest I don't remember if that was Cbs all access or if it was actually just thursday night streaming.
I
don't know
I don't know I don't know I'm really not that in football so I'm more into real football which is soccer and uh and and mm a stuff I like to watch people beat up on each other. Yeah
there's
that.
Well
the bare knuckle stuff or just like back alley, that kind of stuff, yeah, yeah, I am, I was a punk rocker in my teen years and um in Hollywood and so a lot of my time was spent at gigs. Um they are shows, they didn't call them concerts, they were shows or gigs and generally um there was almost always violence and the riot cops would come out and um I was really into that for a minute. Uh yeah,
back in the eighties, that was, yeah, so I think my my love of watching it has carried over. I don't even follow particular fighters or anything like that, but I do still enjoy watching it, it's it's good stuff for me. Yeah, certainly
real life Thunderdome shit,
Not
my kids, I'm one of my kids is very, very athletic. Um She actually had a goal at one point to play rugby um she's a black belt in taekwondo and was really into uh proving herself to be one of the guys. Um My middle daughter was, well, she went along with the taekwondo stuff because her sister was doing it, but she wasn't really into it. Um she's also not an academic, she is, she's one of those people where if it had been a thing then as it is now, she would be doing like makeup videos and youtube stuff on,
on
how to be, you know, cute and pretty and she's very artistic and she takes wonderful photographs, but her her intelligence goes less towards the academic and more towards the visual I think. Um and then my youngest daughter um definitely bookish, definitely academic, she wrote her first novel length book when she was 15 and she never let me read it. So I have no idea if it was any good and by the time she was 18 she hated it instead it was all shit and wouldn't wouldn't even look at it herself. Little anybody else read it. And then my youngest who just turned 17 is um he's into python and Lennox and you know programming languages and it's sort of on the fence about whether he wants to go to university immediately after high school or if he wants to do something like get a welding certificate and then pay for his own university later which is what I'm encouraging because we have we have livestock and that's that's sort of feaster famine, it's like contracting, you know so you either have the money or you don't so um we definitely can't afford to send another kid to university so.
Mhm. Yeah. Well it's a welding certificate or M. I. T. So those were his two choices at this point. Um Yeah yeah and he's you know he's got the brains for it and he used to have the grades for it. I was really really writing him about the grades because I I kept on him saying that you know his dad and I did not have the benefit of a university education and our income reflects that and I didn't want that life for him. Um And he's just he's been into computers and all of that since he was eight. Um So I was really pushing that but then I think I watched people don't hang up if you don't agree with my politics please. I think I watched a thing with Obama on David Letterman and um he said that he was just a mediocre high school student and I thought well if he can do it then my kid can be a mediocre high school student and I won't ride him about that anymore. Um So I think his grades have dipped down from all A's, two A's and B's and possibly a C. But he is you know he is taking um dual credit, he's already taking college classes and he's just a junior in high school right now. So.
it is it
is
it is.
I'm my last report card that I got from high school was just all efs everything was an F. Um But
I just I actually ended up dropping out of high school and just
going
to work
and then after after I had my third kid I went back to college and it was it was very very different. Um One of my professors freaked me out because he told me like on the first or second day, he says, I can tell that you're going to get an A in this class and not just not just messed me up so bad because then I got
yeah, right, the pressures on. And he had also said he seemed like a very agreeable teacher with social psychology. And he had said that, you know, if if on the test, he uh if we could come up with a reason why what he had marked wrong should actually be marked, right, whatever. Then he would give us points for that one test. I got like a 99 and I argued with him about one point showing him in the book where my answer was correct and he said, okay, I'll give you half a point. So I ended up with a 99.5 and I felt like I was a failure. I was like, okay, that's it, I'm done. I quit, I'm not getting 100 so I'm a failure. Yeah.
They
used to call me lisa Simpson in class because of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Kinds,
Yeah.
Are you like devil's advocate argumentative? Like you,
you just take the opposite side no matter what? Or
are
you just very passionate in your beliefs?
Hm
Type.
So I, I think I used to feel, I used to feel, I think my parents put a label on me of being type A, which I'm not at a very young age. I was labeled an attention seeker, which I'm not. Um and in in the process of, you know, entering my teen years and older, um I felt pressure to fill that role and um I did very poorly in life because of that because I am a complete introvert. I this conversation right now will end up being very exhausting for me. I'll have to recover for two hours afterwards, not not the topic of conversation or the partner, but just anything that's people. Um and so as a result of that pressure to fill that that label, um I ended up drinking and doing worse than that throughout my teen years because that was the only way I could be an extrovert and and and make friends easily and uh fill that that label that was put on me. And I think also in the process of that the type a you know, I was very driven but I wasn't really driven. It was I was trying to be driven and and trying to be the perfectionist now. Um I'm in the second second half of my century, I'm 51 yeah, I just don't care anymore. I
am more about personal personal pleasures and and spending time with family and I really don't care what my parents think
or
you know.
Not appropriate for polite society is how I feel about myself. I am not appropriate for polite society and I really don't care to be these days.
So yeah,
Do you have a her
on your singing?
I thought
it said that a timer. I thought it said it would have a like a countdown timer
somewhere.
Well.
15.
No, I'm on a laptop. So
I don't think you can do it on a phone.
Maybe
let
me try
that.
Zero.
Let me see. Okay, I'm probably gonna disappear here for a second or you will one of the uh nope. I do not see a countdown thing, so I don't know what time I started, I wasn't even paying attention. That's
Well, it was really nice to meet you. I'm
I'm pretty much done. If you
are, we can do that. Good luck with your contracting stuff and and that kind of stuff and I'm gonna click back and see what I need to do to not do this anymore.