there we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, mm. Yeah. Okay, let's see. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Hello, how are you
Yeah. Second.
He
um I don't see their questions on my plan, are you able to see that?
Yeah, I'm not seeing that pop up so we can just free talk. I'm thinking
I know that.
No.
right now I'm actually in a parking lot.
Um I'm working inside of a manufacturing plant, that's why I look kind of dirty and it's really loud in there, so I saw this study pop up, I figured I didnt take a lunch yet, I would just use it as time to talk and uh so yeah I'm just sitting out here and uh
enjoying
the day.
I'm actually a contractor, so I well a supplier um so I'm setting up sort of a fastener center for them.
Um So yeah it's it's really snowy here. Um I didn't so today, but yesterday it was kind of kind of bad and I live in the Northeast, I'm not sure if you get a lot of snow wherever you're at.
I don't know,
uh you know, I kind of like the cold. Um it's the heat, I really can't stand personally. Um I I much prefer being cold, I mean obviously when it gets to like you know sub zero or near zero and manufacturing the wind shell that can be kind of rough. Mm
What,
it's been getting windier around where I live the past couple of years um but I'm not in any hurricanes, I mean we've had a couple tornadoes um but they're not very common.
You
have got me back and forth like when the wind would change or was it just
that that is actually kind of funny, I could see that being something I would be amused by two. Yeah.
But that's
where
I'm from, that's exactly where I'm from. Um Well people call it upstate is technically western new york, I'm like an hour and a half from buffalo. Well right now I'm actually close to buffalo, I travel a lot for work, but yeah, that's where I'm at.
That's funny. I I live in the greater Rochester area, so
I live in a I swear to God, I swear to God I live in the greater Rochester area, not in the city, but north in a really small town in a really, it's actually a village called Hilton. No one's ever heard of that, but the reason why I referenced buffalo is because usually people know where buffalo is because you know, they have sports teams. That's why I never bother saying Rochester or much less Hilton because that's such a small what? But that's funny. So you know what Rochester is but not but not because
you have
family.
What are your, so what are your favorite types of um tv shows to wash curiosity?
Hi.
You
know
I know how that
interesting.
I have
more
work.
Yeah, I it's actually funny you say that I I um I've watched dexter three times over and I feel like I enjoyed it less each time. Whereas I've watched, okay, I really like Breaking Bad and I know it's cliche because everyone likes it but I just think it's very well directed and it kind of has something for everyone. Um
but every time I watch that I pretty much enjoy it the same amount and like I pick up on things that I didn't previously so yeah I feel like that's really the test of if a show or movie is good it's it's if it has good replay value you know if you can really enjoy it every time. But yeah that's a dexter, it's just it feels too calculated after a while, it feels too much like a formula, you know like every season is the same at a certain point like.
well
you
didn't
get that german trout? Yeah um
um Well you know it's funny you say that because I mean so they had a couple of characters that were very um gangster or gangster wannabe but I feel like that didn't really define the show at least that's how I viewed it, that's not how I viewed it I guess. Um
Yeah, I actually agree
with that.
It's not meant to be binged.
remember that, wasn't it? Used to be 8 99 for the DVD and the streaming service, then they
made it separately and now it's 13 99 just for streaming. That
bothers
me.
That's very true.
Um personally I found recently I really prefer you. Um and it's because I've got and this is a guilty pleasure. I've got into some stupid reality shows like uh 90 Day Fiance. Um I'm sure you my God,
I I used to never so I never used to like reality shows, but then it's like one of those things, once you start, it's like a train wreck, you can't look away. Um But yeah, I've got into that, I really like shark tank.
I I really like that show and I feel like at least there is a glimmer of real nous to that show. I mean they're making real deals for the most part, you know? Like they say like roughly half the time when they make a deal on screen, it actually goes through which to me that's that's not a bad ratio. You know, once you sit down things change, you know, you find out different things. So I do like that.
I can get into that. I can relate to that. I'm not a huge football fan, but during the playoffs I do sort of really get into it and then I like a lot of different sports watching from the playoffs onward because then I feel like the stakes are high or it's more intense. But actually I'm curious because I have amazon Prime. I didn't know you could watch football in there.
so you can basically re watch it?
What one?
Yeah, I got to check into that and I'm also curious if if they would, I know you're saying they do thursday night, but I wonder if they would do playoffs as well, since that's kind of, you know, a
different
thanks,
I'll
watch
um so I I watched something a little uh lower brow than that once in a while, I'll indulge watch some fighting videos online, just people going at it. Um You know,
it gets it gets your adrenaline going, you know, I see the appeal. Oh.
But yeah.
that's awesome,
Yeah, look at that, Yeah, I've never been in a fight in my life. Um and I mean I played, I mean, just I'm not I'm more of a uh I guess an academic type person more than anything. Um Like I like learning uh I'll work out once in a while but I'm just not, I don't know, I'm just not as inclined that way in all
cases,
you
can
Yeah, yeah I'm I'm I'm very fortunate um I knew like everyone, all my peers were kind of like debating which college you wanted to go to to me, it was simple what's the closest and the cheapest? And that's right, I went and then it was about four grand semester but I was able to get scholarships, like academic scholarships all the way through, so I didn't really have to pay much of anything, I think I had like nine grand left over, I was able to pay it off in like a year, but yeah, that's really, it's really expensive stuff. Um I'm happy so I I have two daughters, I'm actually really happy that in new york will pay for your tuition if you go to a state school and you keep like a five class load all the way through. Um Because to me it's just it's so much of a risk because you don't know if you're going to even like the path you chose until you're in the field and you're you know $50,000 in. So you know I like the idea that um mowing the cheapest route and and I think trade school is an excellent idea to I mean if if that's if that's kind of what you're into.
Yeah I mean yeah I mean I wouldn't worry about you know in high school um I mean I failed some classes, I was terrible, I mean I didn't show up half the time then I got to college and my G. P. A. Was a 3.9 and I was the high I actually had the highest G. P. A. Of the 400 people in my major. So I mean to me it's just a matter of finding what you're comfortable. I mean college is so different then then high school
the
UK
apples and oranges so I wouldn't
I just hated it. Okay
I don't
blame
you.
Rush is on.
Well I I don't I wasn't then by myself. Um I mean as I continue to getting a throughout college I did feel some pressure book because I was like okay I want to maintain this. But I I mean I was also the type of person you know we got a test back. I would always argue that once I was marked wrong, even there was even one time where I received an a minus in a class and I went back after the semester had ended and argued, saying I should have an A and eventually got it changed. Um
No, I am.
I
mean that's a good way to be. I mean it's funny. I mean you mentioned his personality trait now my brain is just going in another direction um personality wise, I would consider myself pretty disagreeable um
Like I'm pretty argumentative on things, but what are you gonna do?
Well,
No,
it's
yeah, I I'm passionate in my beliefs, I'm not going to just argue for the sake of arguing, but I I just sometimes I'm seen as petty by those around me. Like if I had to say what someone's critique of me would be it's it would be that I'm petty about things. But to me, every little thing counts, you know, depending
on what facet of life we're talking about. Uh you know, whether it's grades, whether it's taking a 30 cent survey, I just, you know, I'm always going to be the type of person that wants to get that extra dollar, That extra credit. That extra. I don't know. That's just
how it is. Taipei, there we go. Although I don't mean it that way in converse all the time in certain contexts, but Yeah.
Yeah. Those guys,
that's
good.
I'm I'm the same way. I mean I keep a small circle um I don't like social settings where there's a lot of people never have. I tend to shut down in those settings, I just have no interest in them. To me it's easier like this, this is a good way to explain it to me, it's easier to make a presentation in front of 100 people than it is to try and make small talk with someone I don't know or don't have something in common with, I am terrible at that because I can't be I guess fake um I can't pretend to be interested when I'm not that type of thing. Um And and to me I always see people around me, they come across very normal and and to me it's like I don't know how everyone comes across that way and I know a lot of people feel that way internally. I know a lot of people feel weird internally but it doesn't come across, I feel like for me it often does. Um I'm just not good at hiding how it is I feel or what I am experiencing internally mm.
You know then you Uh huh That's all
Um
But
driver
but
well
yeah that's that's what I was wondering
because we started at 1 13 and now it's 43 so 42 43. So um I know you're probably an hour behind but yeah I mean that's that's got to be
that's basically a half hour so I'm not sure. Maybe it's on the other screen. I'm not sure if you're doing it on the phone or a laptop
maybe.
Oh so maybe maybe if you go back um Uh huh. On the other screen I mean obviously don't click out but just click on the other tab.
Maybe
it's
your
Gallet
or never.
Yeah it was 1 13. So at this point we're at a half hour and
make
no.
All