Hi can you give me anything? Yes I can yes I can. How are you today?
Great,
how about your smoke? I'm pretty good, whereabouts are you,
whereabouts are you
the conference? Okay, I'm in new york. It's about sorry, I'm Canadian, so I'm gonna use Celsius, it's about 33 degrees today
Alright. Is anything
I'm I'm getting better translating so I know like what is it? Let me see if I can guess.
Okay that's 70 is supposed to be like the perfect temperature and stuff right? Like not too hot or anything, I really hate way. So you're in san Diego? Nice. I have heard amazing things about your city. Are you from there originally?
Are
you
are you liking it?
that's cool, I'm here in new york for school and my partner is here as well, that's why it's sort of like a package deal. That's good and
it's like New York City. I wanted to have like a year of my life here since I was 17.
I'm inside, I've been inside for four months.
What's it like there,
definitely.
But
office,
But I thought it was similar in California. I thought it was not doing well.
Mhm. Do you guys wear masks when you go out?
If you want to go into any sort of establishment here, you have to wear a mask, like all the shops. Um I guess yes, mostly I guess the bodegas are no, they still they really, yeah, they encourage you you need to wear a mask if you're going to be going inside. So
I
come from I haven't seen any, I've heard stories of like, you know, refusals and violence and stuff and I'm just haven't seen it. I literally see like 46 blocks from my house, so it's not like I have a white arab experience here. You right,
that's the last year. So I moved here a year ago um to start school last september um I'm at the new school and studying public and urban policy. Mhm. And so we done it for a semester and then I went to semester and then yeah, March 13th, it was like we were in class on the Tuesday and then by, you know like, oh I wonder what's going to happen then by Wednesday it was like sort of shut everything is online
Children's
No actually, so I am I've lived for 17 years in Indonesia and that's where I met my partner, so when he moved here for work um like I was ready, I was sort of ready to move on at that point. So I moved back here to North America and I thought it would be a good time to go back to school because I've always been looking for the opportunity to do that. So this was perfect timing, so. Right. Yeah. Uh Yeah. And have you been, have you said you you're interested in traveling? So like tell me where you've been and stuff, what have you done?
Fuck
it
to
me,
Like like um road trip or weekends or sort of extensive backpacking or you
guy?
What
company
work? All right.
Do you see that happening soon?
Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. It should be a crossing. That's like the, what we call it, the the car Gugu where everybody's dressed up in like really cool outfits. And is that the place that you're referring to?
Uh
Okay. The place where there's, they often show it in movies when they're trying to set the tone for Tokyo, like where they have all the people going across. Like is that a visual that I might be familiar with? Fantastic. A little bit so cool. I haven't been to Tokyo but I know that sounds fantastic. I have been to Japan, I've been to Osaka and then when I was younger I lived in south Korea for about five years. Um I was teaching that right out right out of uni um and uh it was like yeah it was a real, that was my first time out of the country other than a few trips to America and that was like my big shift, my big cultural exposure. So amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Yeah. So you know you got to do it, you have to do it and this, I mean it's Japan, you know, do you like movies and anime and stuff like that or
and your name?
No.
Yeah, I don't know much about video games. Um is there is like, it's like puzzles and then there was at first like first player perspective or can you
tell me
a little bit
about sort of the different types?
that's about all I know. Okay, so there's a big three. Okay, I'm just making a little chart here. You're my teacher right now. I'm taking notes. Okay. The
big three.
Is there like um um sort of a bit of a rivalry between the three, Like if you were to meet a new person and you found out they were like in the Xbox, is that like a big deal? Or? It's just sort of like, you know, I like chocolate, you like vanilla or is it a little more um uh sort of brand identity around it?
I like that. Okay, that's good. I like that attitude. And why is there, why is there a bit of a rivalry between these two?
Came over. Uh
Okay. Okay, cool. And why do you like Nintendo more?
And what type of games do you play? Where?
Yeah. Mhm. And that's important to you when you're like family friendly and shoot em up or any of the more graphic games,
I never thought of that. How many people? I'm sorry. I always thought like video games would be really isolating. How
do
you
get people to how can multiple people play at the same time? Don't you like crowd each other out?
Mhm. Okay, so that's what you mean by everybody can play its inclusive. Um By the way your videos dropped out. I don't know if you that was intentional or?
No, this is Sardinia. Yeah. Can you still see me?
Do you think that will make a difference in the Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. Okay, I'll tell you are. Okay, now you're back.
Welcome.
I just I'm so uh it's all for number one. I know it's strange to like watch yourself. I'm going to actually put a little card number, my own box in the bottom there. I've
been doing
a lot of zoom meetings right from the past like four months and I just figured out, I just figured out there's a way that you can like take your you can hide your own self for you, which has made it so much easier for me because otherwise I get really distracted.
Well,
that's a legitimate, like, I'm not afraid. Uh You haven't changed? Um Yeah, I just turned my own movements anyway, I guess, I guess it bothers enough people that they've actually pulled that function in, but some people, it doesn't bother. I'm not, for example, like public speaking, not my best skill. In fact, I would say that would be in every job interview, it would be like, that would be my main challenges, public speaking and
painful
self, painfully self conscious and Therefore watching myself on screen for like two hours at a time is excruciating. Mhm. Uh Mostly, sorry, I'm also very self conscious. So I do have to say this half of my face is all swollen up. I just had a 2222 teeth pulled yesterday. And I'm um I'm not in pain anymore, but because um well I'm not it's done, it's healing but it's just like it's all swollen up. Um
If I'm talking with like half my mouth, it's because I still can't move this part.
So I want to say my big my pro tip now. Um I had to have these teeth removed because like four years ago I had a route, you know, done by somebody who might not have been, who might have been very new in the profession. Um And there was some some bits of my tooth that had been left in that had like spent three years making my um gotten is very anyway uh ended up impacting so that the two teeth were they're not they're just the dentist saw me on monday, just like now they have to come out, so I'm like I'm toothless. That was Mhm. It's a bit confronting so I have to wait a few weeks before I can get my some implants. Not something I ever planned. And alright, so pro tip, when you're going for some big dental surgery, don't help the new dentists learn, go to somebody who's like been doing this for years. Nothing
against newbies. I'm all about continuous learning. But if you can go to the experienced person.
Yeah. I'm on soft food. So if you ask me like what's your favorite flavor? And I'm like texture. I like crunched. I'm all about the crunch. Everything from silence to see like everything it's like gets get mixtures of textures in there. I'm all about the crunch. Always have been and now I'm like having yogurt with some apple sauce and some honey. I felt really good. Um But not too hot. Not too cold. It's just for about a week I think until it heals up. I don't know, I've never had teeth pulled before, but the dentist said it should be about a week and I'll be okay to to sort of go forth as normal. But
anyway, that's my story for the week.
Are you working?
So you're working from home? How's that going for you?
this is like your time to shine. Everybody's looking for love.
Oh
Try.
Like
Are you allowed to tell me, like, are we talking over 10% over 15
average?
To pay
back?
Uh huh.
So
Do they listen? This is completely anonymous of course. So
I can ask. I, I feel, I feel okay to ask this question. Does your company listen in on your phone calls? Do
they record them on? Can they hear what you're saying to them? And also does your um I guess you get graded in terms of like productivity as a number
of loans granted per per week or per cent number of inquiries. If
you
work, if you were to go through like a few extra sort of like mhm personal steps it would reflect in your performance, job performance.
I was pretty, really want it.
So
that's that's
similar.
So there's collateral the
security, the security
for all these loans
just I don't know where this would fit in. I did I worked in
um sort of like a micro finance credit circle sort of environment in Indonesia and what I would do instead of just sort of like I've been in a similar position where I'm like, well I don't think the Sloan is going to help. In fact it's going to add more burden. So I would spend time like, oh let's do a cash flow, you know, it's part of the exercise, you know, and I'd sit down like with my little pencil and my like paper be like, you know, what are you gonna spend it on? How much more do you think you can earn? It took like a while, but And then go through like, you know, 12 months and do some simple adding and have, you know, have them sort of walk me through it and maybe a few times at the end of it, the person would be like, actually, yeah,
I don't really want this, but yeah, that's a tough position to to be in. It's a weird one, but they're asking and I'm assuming the people that approach you are relatively sophisticated, like I was working with people that have very, very low financial literacy. So I'm assuming the people that are approaching you, they've got their documents in order. They've got they've gone to the trouble of getting their security, their collateral in order. They sound pretty sophisticated people just with bad credit, their eyes are open, Right? Mhm.
That's right.
Yeah. They would just be some way to be like, let's walk through this one more time. I'm just, I'm not quite understanding everything, you know, could you help me understand why you need this right now? This process. Yeah. Well no, I mean access to credit is and having the and having a security to do that is amazing. I will say we're talking about blessings and that is something that in America is a is a very good thing uh because there's some people that will use it and use it for productive purposes and therefore be able to pay it off very quickly and and leverage those funds to really improve their overall. Um I guess income it's good. Um Yeah. Well and how long have you and sorry you say you got that just before we went on shutdown? Uh
Mhm. Yeah. Like this is very different. And how long have you been doing like prolific studies if I may ask, I've just been doing this. I got into it because in one of my courses in the fall semester it was on the future of work. And they were looking in one of our sessions where we're looking at all these new sort of different companies that were facilitating remote work. And I said well this is interesting, I'll just sign up for it and try it out and have been fascinated ever since. It's been a lot of fun I have to say. Um And of course in a little bit of income helps, how did you get into it? That's my story, how did you get into it?
I
just
want to
now.
I like I like I follow a few um threats. Reddit threads like called Okay.
Just no.
or
Absolutely
Uh huh
And for the most
part it's pretty interesting too.
Mhm. Mhm. And how long have you been doing it for?
I was gonna say that this is like Tokyo, this is like part of the Tokyo fund? Right.
Absolutely fantastic. Fantastic. And have you done this one before?
Okay and did all your previous ones show?
Okay, this is my second, Yeah. My first one, she she showed as well, but she was telling me that she had done it a few times before where the person did not come. Yeah,
so
about 50. Yeah,
so, and you know, and you're kind of geared up to like, okay, it's good. You know, I'm part of it and then it's like, oh, I've been rejected by somebody, I don't even know anyhoo kitten I think, are we at our time
money? So it was really nice meeting here.
I'm so excited, felt that Tokyo Tokyo here you come 2021 Right, fantastic.
And
thank you so much. I hope to actually get to meet my classmates in person
in january some point, not what I planned.
It's all good. It's all good. I'm as we're lucky, people were lucky people, we can we can do this at home. It hasn't heard us. So okay anyways,
so what do we do? Do we just sort of close this window and go back to the previous one or
I don't see
any
button telling me to exit. Okay, really
to meet you, enjoy,
enjoy Tokyo.
There