Yeah mm. Yeah. All
great,
how about yourself,
pardon?
I'm in California.
No worries, no worries.
Um Well I could give you Fahrenheit but I don't I don't know the um
right I'm uh it's seven, it's like 70 F over here. I mean I'm uh I'm spoiled, I'm in san Diego as well.
No but um still still California. I moved here from Los Angeles, so like
like
very spoiled to be here.
I'm loving it, I'm loving it. I I've got no complaints, I've got no plans on moving. Obviously I'd like to travel but I'd like to settle down here eventually in the future etcetera etcetera.
That's fantastic.
I'm so happy for you that you're that you're doing this
my gosh, I
it's um we're definitely
not,
I'm trying to think of a better word than sheltered because
um I want to say um the covid thing hasn't been as serious here as it was in new york a few months ago. I mean you don't need me to tell you that new york was not doing too well for a minute there
about a few months ago. I know new york was the epicenter of it. But now now recently recently like within the last two or three weeks yeah. Now California is definitely one of the hot spots again.
Oh yeah, we're required statewide but just like every other part of the country you have um people on both sides of the issue, people either are very, very against it or people you know go along with it, do their thing part etcetera.
I
see.
Did you, how long have you been in new york and total? Just the last four months?
I see. I
see. Have you lived in Canada all your life,
I have not done much traveling at all. I've been to Mexico which I don't even consider like a huge huge travel, a huge
country
to travel to. It's
something
but yeah. Yeah.
Now I've been to a
few states, I've been to a few states every now and then. I have not been in michigan Washington D. C. But as far as traveling traveling I still want to go to Japan, Japan's where I want to go more than anywhere else.
And then after
that
for the, for the culture I want to go to specifically Tokyo and there's a specific area in Japan called the Shibuya Crossing. Yeah I all, I don't want to say all my life but since I was in middle school when I first learned about it, the desire to travel to that spot has never left me. I don't assume the desire is ever gonna leave. So whenever I get the chance I want to visit, this should be a crossing immerse myself in the culture etcetera etcetera.
Not soon, I would give myself another year or two. Oh my goodness, I'm sorry. There we go. There we go. I um um I I don't want to go there alone. Um I'd prefer to go with one of my siblings because they're they're my best friends so but I don't wanna ask them to pay for any of it. So I want to save up enough for two people to stay for a week.
Sounds like it could be, it, it's this really really massive intersection, it kind of reminds me of new york and that it's just really giant
buildings, really bright lights.
video games, the company,
the company, the company Nintendo, the president is uh
based in Japan, so that's one of the main reasons I want to visit, see the headquarters etcetera etcetera. Mhm.
first
person
shooters
um I'm not so much into the different genres, it's just that the company Nintendo because you know there's different companies like Playstation, Xbox etcetera etcetera.
Yeah,
they're, yeah, those are the main consoles, Xbox, playstation and then uh the switch by Nintendo and growing up, I've just always been immersed in a Nintendo products, so that's the main reason I want to go,
if there was a rivalry, it would mostly be between the Xbox and playstation and send a kind of a third wheel, they just do their own thing.
Um it's similar to the same way that different phone companies have rivalries, I mean uh what are the different phone companies like Verizon vs. Sprint, iphone
versus Samsung stuff like that.
I just grew up with it. Honestly, if if I had, if the first system I've ever been given was an Xbox, maybe I'd be an Xbox frenetic. But I started with Nintendo, so it's what I love and I never veered off of it.
pretty popular ones like video games related to Mario um Nintendo's very family friendly. So a lot of their games um you could pick up and start playing even if you've never played video games regularly,
it's definitely good for when you have large parties or you have a lot of friends over, you can all have something to do without anyone feeling left out.
No
it's
not.
Oh no like uh Um like I guess one good example is there's a game called Mario Party. It's uh it's basically um it's just, it's just basically without getting into too much detail, it's filled with a ton of many games that anyone can do. Even if you've never played a video game in your life. Like the instructions for the video game will be extremely simple. Like, like like a basic puzzle games like pac man, like you've never you would never have to have played a video game to know how to play pac, man, you get the joysticks, follow the ball, et cetera. Something like connect for. So it's just really it's just really easy games.
Oh, it's not the video is not going anymore. It's just audio.
Yeah, everything's fine on. Yeah. Uh huh
let me uh we click on this little camera icon here. Uh huh
says the cameras allowed.
Okay. All right. All right,
great. Hopefully I wasn't gone for too long.
worries.
Noise
You just keep you just keep looking at your face like how do
I look?
Oh no, I mean, I guess
that's the norm.
I see.
Oh you're good, you're good,
understood.
On this third. Have you had trouble eating?
Good.
Ha ha ha
am I am.
It's been going wonderful. I actually, it's a coincidence I started this job that I'm working at now before um we were encouraged to quarantine. So right now I'm working as a loan processor and it's a completely work at home job.
Yeah. Work work has been really, really
busy but um it's at the same time it's it pays me really well. I'm blessed that I get great pay that I get to work at home etcetera, etcetera. But it's still a job that makes me sad because
um generally if generally the people that are requesting loans are in really bad financial situations, they have really bad credit. The interest on these loans are is equivalent to shackling someone
financially.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's the it's a typical,
it's difficult, like really bad loans that, you know, your parents, everyone tells you don't ever take out unless it's like an emergency emergency. And I It's like a general examples like someone will be taken out, we'll get a $2,000 loan and if they make all their payments on time, they'll end up paying $5,000 back. Those type of loans. Yeah, so I mean, and generally with with a lot of loan companies, they don't they don't care about your credit. They don't like, they're they're just a lot of what I mean when they, when I when I say when they don't care about your credit is they don't care how poor it is, they're all about making money. They don't really care about the consumer. Like if they can get you this alone and they can get you, they can get
you on
the herb, right? Right.
So yeah, it's one it's one of those loan companies where it's like if you have bad credit, whatever we take everyone because you know, it's it's kind of a greedy business and even even the companies that um require you to have good credit, even though the interest from those companies isn't that great. So, so yeah,
so back back to my main point, it's like i it is sad because I'm like, oh man, like as part of my job, I'm supposed to, you know, give them these loans if they meet if their credit meets the minimum requirements, but often times the requirements are very, very low. And so because they meet the requirements, I'm obligated to grant them alone. But in my head, I'm like, if I was your friend, if I was your parents, I would be calling you right now saying please don't do this. Like I have to do it. It's my job, but I want to call you and tell you, please don't do this because I'm scared for you.
Of course.
No,
no.
I actually
don't
actually, I'm not on the phone that often because what happens is they just submit a ton of paperwork that says there, um, they submit paperwork with like their social, their, their previous employers information like that. So
yeah, so it's
less about
having
a conversation with the person so much as verifying their employer or verifying other assets they may have because at the end of the day they're just, they just want to know that if you can't pay back a loan then they can get it, get the money from you somehow
correct?
True
correct.
And
actually.
For the most part most of them realise it's um good for them in the long run but there are
few every now and then who you can just tell they they're not thinking long term whatsoever, You can just tell us some of them are just like yeah great. And they're just not thinking long term whatsoever.
Right. So everyone tells me, oh you're working at home because of Covid and I'm like no, no it's just a coincidence. It's just a coincidence.
I literally went on google and I just
typed
in
passive
passive forms of income and I went on websites like Reddit. And you've heard of the website Reddit, I'm assuming? Yes. So
Yeah, so just to make a long story short, I went on Reddit, um I read some, some guys call him on all the ways he makes income on the side. I was like, I could use this. I'm like, now that I'm working at home, maybe there's some passive income strategies I can develop on the side and I
I appreciate it. And then when I looked into prolific uh first, you know, you may think, oh, it's one of those survey sites will spam you with emails all day, take this survey that don't really pay anything and then you do more research and you're
like, wait, this is legit,
and then and then after a month or two or three you're like, wait, this is adding up, Oh wow,
vacation
money.
Yeah, it's not it's not like really generic, it's interesting
uh since I want to say january february, so I just watching it grow every month and like but at the end of the year this is vacation money, I'm excited.
precisely, precisely.
This is my third time
they did they did
that's a shame because then you get paid
significantly less.
Yeah, it's awful.
Indeed we are.
It was a pleasure that that went by and what feels like a few minutes,
Best of luck
in school.
Gosh,
nope.
Alrighty,
that's it,
that's
it.
All right,
pleasure
thank you.