huh Hi, sorry.
Pretty and align on, Hey, how are you?
Good. Um These things are always so weird. Have
you done
that before? Uh
huh. I have a couple of times. Yes, best. Um Where are you from?
michigan. I love cats.
I love to,
I had
a cat for Oh,
what a cutie.
gosh, luna is beautiful.
I love
black cats.
I had a cap for 18 years, but he passed away um
like
now, I'm working on taming a wild cat that comes and hangs out on my porch.
Um We live in like a farming area, so people dump cats off to like,
I think
that's probably where Yeah, that's probably where he came from, he just showed up so I started getting them cat food.
whoa!
Black,
that's really cute.
Where do you go to school? That was it down there in texas?
I went to school in Illinois, but I moved back up to michigan a couple of years ago. I lived in Chicago
for like For like 10 years. University
of Illinois. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, it's like something to ask. I know it's kind of weird like these conversations are always so awkward, you're like, oh hey, I don't know anything about you, like it was one time I was talking to this older
lady and I could tell she was like really right wing and conservative and I was like, oh man, they really had to me, it was like not this photo opposite, like I felt afraid to say anything, I was like, oh,
man. And then you're like trying not to be rude, but you're just like, oh I don't agree with that, let's talk about some nails.
Oh man, it's crazy like the generation divide, like I don't know, a lot of the older people really got sucked into all that Fox news bull crap. That's crazy.
Yeah it like totally devised logic.
Yeah or people just exactly like him, like the right wing asshole uptight guys,
I
swear like a cult they vote against
like their
own needs. It's insane. It's just weird. Yeah, My sister has gone more towards that and she's believing all this crazy crap like the coronavirus is 5G. And just crazy crab. I'm like oh it's like you have kids, you can't be this like far off of reality.
I'm
I think she's past it but I haven't asked her because like if we talk about anything like that we will get in a huge argument. But um I was sort of thinking about trolling her for christmas. I saw this like beanie that has like metal fibers woven into the beanie that supposedly protects you from five G like
hilarious together that for christmas
but
I don't
want to start a fight, I want to start, nope, Starting with beef on christmas.
or if she's gotten past it by now she might realize I was trolling her and be like that was mean. Uh
yeah like you,
some of the
stuff
believing
is just well I
man.
Like no freaking way is the most closely watched. There was like in Detroit there was hundreds of people from both parties observing like there's no way there was
fraud like that.
Pleasure.
Yeah definitely. Also I think I saw that the popular vote like nationwide biden has five million over Trump by now on the popular vote, so that's a pretty big freaking lead. Like he definitely one.
It's
not close enough that.
For sure. Uh huh.
Yeah. No like I'm terrified of like the rise of nazism and our damnation is insane. Like it's really pissing me off like this is not what we were supposed to be as a country. Like we should be beyond this like the fucking civil war basically with robberies and now we're practically on the brink of another one in some ways and it's still over racism. Like come the fuck on and like can we get rid of these old racist somehow? Like what it was? Oh sorry.
I actually
don't know. They didn't say we couldn't. That's
true.
Very. No you're awesome. That's so funny. It's like when you see a comment where somebody like puts the symbols instead of the swear word and then somebody else is like, hey you know you can swear on the internet. Mhm.
Yeah.
like it's gonna burn. They're talking to say the bitch word or something. This body.
Thank
you.
I
got
you like for
channel status. The shit. Yeah.
Crazy.
And he has, yeah. Life is
often incompatible with these types of people
offering.
for sure
so far. Yeah. That really must be. And you know life would never work out how you want it if you're always trying to control everybody else. Oh
No.
You
fine.
it is wild.
we're not. I've been some places in the south that are like that like in Georgia and stuff. They have counties where they'll close real early.
you're
good. You're good.
Yeah that's true. It seems like small towns there really has nothing to do but drink or get in trouble.
Oh that's a bummer. I don't really drink much either well, but I do smoke
a lot of weed, michigan's illegal weed state. We're lucky.
Of
course
I
wouldn't tell nobody. Okay.
Ali.
Yeah.
They better not.
Texas
is going to be one of the last ones for sure
because they're so conservative.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?
A really narrow range. Yeah, that's a bummer. Hello?
Yeah. Yeah. So um I do a lot of stuff. Uh my family has a farm, so like multiple generations of us live together on a really big property and um do some like farming stuff and I take care of my niece and nephew and take care of the like older generations some and uh yeah I do a bunch of other like random crap drive
all people to medical appointments and stuff, I don't know.
thank
you.
Um
We live kind of near a small town but um like we just got internet maybe three months ago. Like
it was weird when I moved back here from Chicago
and had to give up both city life and internet all at the same time I was like it
was
like
detox from like everything. Yeah because
it's over real that like just just got internet a few months ago.
Well
Um yeah cell service but like 4G. And kind of spotty and like it wasn't
enough to you could turn on a hot spot but when you connected a computer to it you couldn't like do anything.
so it's definitely improved here lately.
Oh man it was rough at first like rough like I was going crazy the first couple of months until I got more used to it and then I got more into like the gardening and outdoorsy stuff so that's cool. But like yeah wow. Talk about
being cut off.
Oh yeah they got an airlift people. Yeah like they take a helicopter ambulance. It's crazy but things
are improving like we have urgent cares in the town close by now so that's good.
it's a wild place. It is kind of wild. Um Yeah there's a lot of red necking people.
Uh Yeah
but like uh huh Lots of people wearing camouflage and and gun racks in the back of trucks but you probably are familiar with that too.
Oh that's cool.
they're
like
the four vehicles worth and it's just huge and then there's like one big fat guy in there you know like
hey why do you need all that rolling real estate?
exactly.
He's like super compensating.
No.
my gosh, what a turkey. He sounds like a total turkey.
Yeah. Oh
that's too funny.
Yeah. No, so I've done some of that stuff. I've done like Sienna and home health care so yeah man, there's some real characters. Cool.
Also
the weirdest.
just like weirdos. Uh huh.
Well
that's a bummer.
imagine it's like hard to figure out where to fit in that kind of stuff like do I report it? Yeah that was
wow, that's scary. Uh huh.
Yeah. So many.
How long have you had your cats?
then?
How
called?
Oh my glass.
Um The name you.
little anybody beans.
00 My
gosh thank yout rescue. Um
I'm not really sure like I kinda have bloodied up with the dog around here and I'm trying to tame that porch cat and get um like I've had a few other wild cats in my life before that I've like hung around enough to get, you know, like a lot of them let me pat down. But this, this guy is taking forever, this guy is taking like over two years and he still not let me tell him, I'm like, oh my gosh, you might never happen. But I think, but we sit and talk and he like just chills out with me and he'll
like, he acts like he's getting pet, he starts like twitching and falls over and like he's laying on his side and his feet are twitching just from me, like talking with him.
He acts like he's getting
bad and when I talked to him, he always like bumps his head against like the porch posts in the side of
the chairs and stuff like that and like pats himself while I'm talking to him.
It's the strangest
thing. It's like, he almost understands that like, oh I should be getting pot while you're talking to me. What do you like, does it to himself instead of letting me find him? I feel like maybe somebody was mean to him when he was a kid and or something, he seems really scared of human touch. Yeah.
Oh that's
sad
but
Yeah, I hope like someday he lets me put him, I'll keep working on it.
I'm like,
I'm like yeah, yeah, music all fallen over and twitch and act like I'm patting him like, hey, you know, you're getting there, you're figuring it out
maybe sooner or later. Yeah,
that's
make lots of money.
They're
always like so interested when you talk to somebody, like they're always like, who are you talking to? What are you doing? Mhm.
Past
we're like, who's back there behind the door or something? Yeah.
Cool. Good, good.
That's good.
let's
get
weird and stare at nothing. Sometimes. I'm like, are they hearing the spiders part or what? I don't know. Sometimes they just like stare at the weirdest like nothingness,
The
at the same spot? Oh man, it's like multiple cats are like staring at the same spot. That is creepy. I'm like there's the ghost.
Right on. No, I know like any time I'm like, oh there if I feel like there's something weird happening and I was like, oh no, thank you. Like I'll
pass me by with that, Miss me with that shit. I don't want to be in a scary movie.
All right,
man Bummer.
Like oh I'm not feeling that vibe.
huh.
I saw this oh sorry, I saw a ghost once but it wasn't scary at all and it wasn't even exciting. It was like the most anticlimatic thing in the whole world. My friend recall her house is like 200 years old or something like that. Like crazy old. At one time when I was changing at the door to her closet, I saw like this weird like shape. It was like gray and blue and I look over and it was like kind of like the shape of a dude but it wasn't like a dude, it was like really insubstantial. And I was like I looked back and I was like look back again and it was gone. And afterwards I was like what the crab was that recall? He was like, what? And I was like, I just saw something weird. She's like, oh yeah, we see that things sometimes too. It's not a big deal. So it totally wasn't scary at all.
It was
just kind of weird.
Just
like,
yeah.
Yeah.
Every weird thing is like a million times weirder when you're a kid, like the younger you are, the wooden something weird happens like more like what? I don't know when you get older, you get used to weird crap I think kind of more than when a kid
and probably just get better at like dismissing things too. Like we like deal with a lot of things that would drive us crazy if we really consciously felt them all the time. So maybe that's one of those two.
It's like a weird thing. Like see a lot of people, yeah a lot of people don't believe and a lot of people like won't understand so so that makes it a lot harder. Like if you're in all sensitive to that kind of stuff, most people are like not cool with it or don't get it or will be like what's wrong with you? And you're like no it's not eating those wrong, it's just like a slightly different awareness.
Yeah and that's really intense, like that's a big thing to have to like keep to yourself and worry about for a kid.
like oh that can't possibly that can't possibly and you're like okay
happened
to me
Mind
we're overprotective too. But I've definitely heard that asian parents are like really super over protective like they're in their whole own class of overprotective so
what,
whoa, catholic
interested
me. Yeah. Damn I'm sorry my dad's a recovering catholic too, he's like that shit will fuck you up. Uh huh.
me too. Uh huh.
How awesome.
Uh huh.
man. And you come out and they're like freaking out. My dad wasn't so bad but my mom like went crazy, she's more right wing
than my dad is. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah my dad was always a little bit more laid back. No
what?
Thank you. Well I guess we've reached our time we've actually gone over. Um
It was really nice talking to you. I didn't expect it to be so much fun or to talk to somebody so cool.
Yeah I was like oh man is probably gonna be another one like that little old lady last time where I'm just like oh nervous and twiddling my thumbs the whole time.
yeah. Yeah.
Well I
hope you
have a good night and a great week.
Um It was nice talking to you. Thanks, bye.