Yes. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Teaching what? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. The next. Uh huh. Thank you clinical actually. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Cool. Thank you complications. But yes. Uh huh. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Which was used to kill but to that school. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. To speak. Yeah. Yeah. Okay toothpaste mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. What? Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. It's taking register. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. People to decide. Okay. Because first feature. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Excuse me? Christine. Okay 60 60. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mm. She's trying to look well initially. Oh. Oh yeah. Mhm. You know? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Oh that's okay. Which Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Look at that. Right. Yeah. The investigation. Oh people the bigger the oh 66. Hello.
Problem.
All right. For you. Well
have you?
I
haven't
Oh sorry. That's my cat. I'm from texas. What about you?
Mhm. What was it? Cool? You want to see them yourself?
There's
one
this is war
that's and then this is luna. Uh That's the
thank
you.
Yeah I do too.
One
miss Murray. Oh.
my God. I think I'm just having like, you know like local cats and stuff but like when I'm in an apartment and stuff you don't really get it quite as much as with the house. Mhm.
That's
it.
I got used to my old college, they used to have cats that would like they had like a cat they call it the cattle lions or we like go and feed all the cats
and photograph them for like
a blog and everything. Yeah
it was fun.
Uh Yeah I'm a to trinity. Yeah.
did that.
You know what?
All right. I mean I don't know why I ask because I don't really know anything about it, but
What?
Okay. I'm glad like I'm really glad you're not conservative because no I don't know how I would actually be able to react with that. Like I'm not good at keeping my mouth shut and I don't believe in something. So
yeah basically my entire relationship with my parents. But
I don't get it like
right Especially when you're like also a minority like like oh yeah let's just vote for the guy who basically only is willing to help out, well corporations really, but mainly rich, great white men. So.
I mean he just really helped like his followers who are like lower income and stuff, so I don't get
it.
Look
how
I've never actually met anyone who believes like the 5G. coronavirus thing in real life. I've only ever like
seen it on social media and stuff. Oh my God.
you know
I'll
do
it.
I feel like the worst case scenario she just like thinks it'll help. Yeah.
well. Yeah.
Well
in
the okay it's
been hard like
like and the fact that they think that like trump still one and
like I've seen people being like no he's the one because there's you know all this voter fraud and stuff when like it's the most closely watched election.
actually
and mainly a lot
of guns but you know.
I
mean
bullshit in general. So like he like blue tends to win out in general anyway. Yeah.
Oh sorry if you get me talking about anything political, I would just rant for.
No, you don't. I feel like I said what I was trying to get, Fuck. I mean, are we not supposed to swear? And I actually don't know what the rule is about that,
but
they didn't
technically can. So I'm sorry.
like, I actually don't think I see people actually censoring very often. I only usually see it on like uh, like middle aged white ladies be like a
right gracie here. But like uh my, one of my coworkers today is being such a B word because she wouldn't buy a week products. So.
no, it's, it's
more like, are
there, it's gonna start their, like their church reputation, like
all the
oven
and
the whole thing like, oh, I'm gonna,
you know, I'm reputation within my church. So like, I can't be caught saying all these things and I can't have a gay done, you know,
death
look, I don't know
how you function like trying to control what everyone else does all the time. Like that must be exhausting. Mhm
Okay.
Exactly. Like you're like, if you, I mean, you know an extent
of course like
nazis shouldn't be allowed to organize, but so I will say to an extent, but like I don't get how you like conduct your life just policing everyone else's actions all the time. Like you can't, can't
marry your that you can't buy liquor after six on a sunday. I don't know what
here, it's like everything closes really early on a sunday. So I don't know.
Yeah. I think there's a thing to that were like a certain like, sorry, I'm going to guess what uh like certain
business
like uh like like like I've seen something like don't even open on Sundays in general or like some places that don't allow liquor stores to be open on Sundays period. It's like mainly in small towns, but also if you're in a small town, like what else are you gonna do?
Pretty much. And unfortunately a lot of time being, but I can't even break so.
The.
what I mean?
I
mean, texas. Uh huh.
Uh error community.
I don't know what you're still,
they're all saying hi, a restaurant
fish.
I'm so bummed though. Like everywhere is getting legal weed now, but texas
still
I know
made it a
marijuana program. Like you can like you can pretty much only get medical marijuana here if you have um autism,
epilepsy, LS or multiple sclerosis. So like there's literally nothing covers.
Yeah. So what do you do out there consider in the more rural area?
Well,
I mean imagine you kind of have to like, do you mean
imagine you
would have to be a bunch of random stuff if you're like in a really small community? Okay.
Mhm.
You want
And you see that,
Do
you
hear the president?
my
Did you all have
cell service before?
Both?
Well, who?
God. I imagine like I will be attached to my computer and stuff for too long because I don't know how I would function.
shit.
Good. Like I don't even happens if you're like in a really like small community and like worries an emergency or something and there's like no hospital nearby, like that's like terrifying. Mhm.
Like
yeah, it's a big looks scary. I don't know how I feel comfortable.
He doesn't really uh
so.
Yeah, I see a lot of that, but like we're I think we're just big enough to where we actually have a bunch of people who have like the really giant trucks but don't actually use them as a truck.
Yeah, that's fine. Like just, you know, taking up the entire road and all the parking spaces that you don't actually use the
bed
of the truck.
One
Pretty much one guy in there with a very small penis. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Yeah. I had this guy once who uh like my old supervisor when I would work when I worked out at the one of the, I worked in health care for a while out here and he was one of those giant trucks and he would like he was so creepy and he want to be touching on everybody all the time. And it's like always making these really second windows and everything. But he had and he needed
like, like an extra little step again to it because he was tiny. It was uh huh.
Yeah. He's uh Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Don't miss him. Yeah.
True. It's fun. But yeah, you do meet some you do meet some people. I right. Yeah. Like you kind of get to me like the nicest people and also like the worst people.
I feel
it. Yeah.
We're like genuinely awful. Like some of the systems here, like the old place where I used to work there was basically like this one guy who everyone basically kind of knew that he was like, like physically abusing someone but they wouldn't do it. Yeah.
Because
yeah, it was just kind of it was just sad really. Yeah.
I mean it wasn't it wasn't where I work, but like someone I knew like a couple of people from like that like there where Gary had told me about and I was like, like and they felt like they couldn't really do anything either because like, I mean no one really had any proof of anything because they always go into a room without cameras and stuff and you know, they're real sneaky about it. So
Crazy people out there.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Um I got knicks about a little over two years ago and then luna my partner has had for about I forget
how
long please had her.
But it's been she's over a year old now. Yeah.
And
he had a he found her basically like his ex had like found these tiny, tiny tiny kittens like, you know, like from your hand.
Yeah, I'm in every scene
national.
Are you are you thinking of getting another cat anytime soon?
What?
So
what
this?
So
four?
I
feel
like
we're like that before, you know, they'd be like really skittish like that and you can kind of tell I want to say. Yeah.
It feels like you might like already heading himself and like coming up
pretending like he's getting
Well
I love
cats
right now. Nick's is just staring at the door.
No.
they would jump on my laptop. Like I had to do like a like a like an online meeting earlier today and
like wanting to jump onto my laptop and stuff. But right now she just can't stop staring at the door and it's kind of creeping me out. Is there someone there?
double check that my alarms on because here, Sorry. That's weird. Yeah. Okay it's on.
And
yeah, she's creeping me a
little
bit.
Yeah. It creeps me out more though when more than one of them is like staring and
freaking out the same spot.
Yeah. Yeah. Ghosts and stuff. So I'm like oh thanks for them. Like I mean I haven't really had any encounters with anything like negative like that but I just don't want to take the chance, you know.
The
Yeah. Like that I'm like like you're probably knows but on the off chance and like once I was like you are at a one of the cemeteries here which was
because it's just full of old white people, so they're basically just like not get out. Yeah,
I was kind of like, okay, yeah, thanks.
Yeah, probably should have seen that one coming, you know? But Mhm. Isn't that that probably, yeah. Yes.
Still staring at, you know, sir? You
I
mean,
but still like
I
would have the same thing at my parents house all the time and I've seen a couple of other things since, but uh you don't freak me out, especially when I was a kid, you know, Like, I always feel like, oh my
God.
Yeah.
Yeah, I kind of get that makes sense because you kind of like, you know, understand more I guess. I don't know.
Yeah, maybe. I don't know. I just, I feel like I kind of like shut out that sensitivity a bit since I was a kid, which I'm like somewhat grateful for because it was like a lot for me when I was a child. Like I was an anxious mess. Yeah.
Yeah. Like I I feel like I had way more positive experiences than negative when I was a kid. But like whenever they would be like creepy, it always be like 10 times scarier and for some reason I would never tell anyone about it. So I would just like sits doing in my head, you know, keep uh
Yeah, especially when other people are telling you that that's like you know that that doesn't that doesn't exist or you know, stuff like that said like all right,
the child,
you just want
horror movies even though I wasn't allowed to watch a live action movie until I was in high school. But I don't know. Yeah,
there.
Well
they're, my parents are Republican catholic asians so china. Who?
Yeah, that was a fun
time.
yeah. Yes. And it did, especially because brigade to, to like, yeah.
nice. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Not fun when you're first to, you know, deal with the whole like fire and brimstone thing. Mm
Thanks.
Actually how my parents are to actually like, my mom is big like pro trump and I think my dad realizes he's an idiot, but like still votes for him because he whatever. I don't know.
Yes. I mean, my dad definitely wasn't the more laid back in general. Just I don't know, weird
stuff.
The
yeah, you too. I was really worried. I was going to like, I don't know, get someone who wouldn't have anything to talk to you about.
Yeah. You're like, oh, yeah, liam, homosexuals. God, no. I was really afraid that that would you. Oh,
yeah, yeah.
Thank
you.
Thank you. You, too.