it could be, yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah.
Hey, how are you?
That's fine.
How hard is it? How does
have,
can you hear me now?
Okay, can you hear me
okay? We're just
Okay. Can you hear me?
Okay? Let's do the best we can. Okay.
let
me
talk
sure. We only have to do this for 25 minutes, so
I have three times
and I know how to fix the problem. But if I, if I unplug my webcam, it will take us off line so I don't want to do.
So we're just gonna do the best we can. Okay.
Okay. My name is Wendy. Where are you from?
nice, nice. I worked out with santa Clara for about a month.
I was doing a project of security project.
It was a little bit of both. It was like a resilience preparation. Yeah,
I'm like this, this yeah,
like right, what's going
that's
my
sorry. People are send me messages and I can't figure out why my son is going on with my laptop like big time. It
a woman southern Maryland.
No,
no,
they're totally opposite. I'm like An hour and 45 minutes south of Baltimore. Yeah,
I am, I am, I was born at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland, my father today and then I was in Prince George's County, which is right outside of Dc.
I
I'm sure you have. Yeah, I
lived there for most of my life. Um When I became an adult I moved out to I moved to New England to New Hampshire.
I like that. But then my dad needed help so I came back home and I took care of him
And
I took care of him until 2014 when he passed away and when he passed away I sold that house within a month
and
print
out. I rolled out. So I moved to Charles County, which is the next southernmost county. And then I moved to ST mary's County.
Physical.
Go
ahead.
Yeah.
It's, it's, I mean it's, I love this gate. I mean it's a hot mess, but I love it. I truly feel the same way about the valley. I mean, I can't.
Are you,
are you in Francisco?
My ex fiance lives in a, in the mission District.
I
know when, when we used to go back to his family there, he was like, you can't go out after five p.m. Don't talk to nobody, you don't know where I, so I didn't listen to him. And I ventured out, I ended up in some basement like place and getting a haircut. I don't speak a lick of spanish. So it was horrible. It was like how did you make it home alive?
I don't know, maybe it was my PG County. Look I don't know. I had one day.
No,
no.
I loved it. I loved you know even when I was with my ex wife's family, I loved it, hang on a second and put this up here and see if I can.
I was just out here for the time when I was working on the project and then we just went and saw his family, is his family there? Um
Yeah his family is still there in you know They they're in a better, I can't run where they are in San Francisco. We broke up in 2006.
Yeah. Well yeah his family has been there for a long time. They're they're mexican but there there yeah. How did I not know a spanish, right?
You know,
he used to say he used to go to lucy, I'm home.
One
fan as you know, he just
the best thrill out of making fun of me because even today because him and I are still friends, I can still call him like it's a hispanic, my spanish work in the house or something. I'm like, please translate this for me
and a speaker phone. And even so today he'll still translate for me.
he was,
he was very flirtatious like when like everybody like at a hotel like okay, don juan Yeah,
Ronnie, what are you doing talking to her?
It's yeah, he really, he was really great but he didn't want to, he didn't want to get an annulment so we couldn't get married and I wasn't willing to not be catholic.
Yeah. Being latino, you can appreciate that.
Don't let's not have any stereotypes here, right?
Yeah. I know sometimes I take them down, but like today I don't even care. So I've got the immaculate heart of mary and the sacred heart of jesus. Thanks.
Yeah, I know where I live. There are a lot of Filipinos.
concentration. I will tell you when I was in California, I was going to the the shrine, Our Lady of Peace.
Yeah. Oh it's so gorgeous.
But
I was black at the Filipinos because they're like keeping the flower people in business. I was like, I was like, I could open up a floral shop today here and make millions of dollars.
I know, they're gorgeous. Oh my God, john paul statue, I love that. That is so pretty. I actually had those photos on my ipad
just Yeah.
I know.
And
then they have statues one in the back to buy by
the hall.
Yeah, there's a little one. And
then they had
yeah. And then they get huge one that you can see by the intel building.
Your
state.
Oh my God. His friend he is uh he's probably I went in the year jubilee um When I was working it was a year of Jubilee. So it was like 2015.
Yeah. The holy doors. Remember the
whole
the holy door on the front? They've got the two doors and they the ones the holy door look through the holy door.
I know. I'm not surprised you were at adoration all the time.
I think
seriously adoration all the time. And that church is so hot in the summer. Oh my God. That churches.
Yeah. And I like because they have like they have like a breakfast in the morning and like on saturday morning sunday morning camera. Which one was like a pancake breakfast?
And the Red Call and the fathers of the immaculate word was it's probably macular word is
it's got the nuns that were the gray and the blue. The president.
So what the one priest. Yeah. The virtues of the terra, the sisters of our Lord, virtues of material. We haven't here too. We have a mother house here. Yeah in in D. C. No I'm Marilyn and billy and um but they one priest I back then I smoked and so I looked like way older than I actually was and he's
Like
we can't take you if you're over 40 I'm like I'm not even close to 40. Okay.
It was just like wow I'm gonna put this down. So I quit the next year and I regained my youth. You know, I was like,
no,
you know your skin stress against vitality back. You're not ready. Warren. Yes.
Saturday is four years for me. Yeah. And I have never had a relapse. I've never taken a pop. Nothing. Just cold turkey. I'm gonna
use
I got to use my way to blanket because I get over stimulated. Yeah.
Yeah. Big time.
Yes. So let's close our eyes and talks about that.
Well he was catholic and then he went to the baptist religion because you know when you know when you get divorced wrong, you know how the churches
Right, right there. I think he could have gotten an annulment, but I don't think he wanted to go through the trouble because that now nowadays easy. But back then it was hard in 2006 gonna take two or three years. Okay. And then after the year of mercy it now takes a year.
We're
the new pope
Yeah it was a hot mess.
I
If your bishop bishop Gomez
okay. Do you know your New Year's? No
are you in the diocese of san Jose?
What diabetes is that?
Yes santa clara's and is in san Jose.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah that's that's in the same Jose diocese
and
well yeah if you're a diocese because we have an archdiocese here so you have diocese so you all work together regionally. I know the diocese in L. A. Was a hot mess. Mhm
Mahoney who what a mess. Well but you guys didn't have nothing prepared to what we had here because
we had Cardinal McCarrick that was
that he was he was the cardinal who got found guilty of mess with little kids.
Yeah. And he was sleepless seminarians or anything. Yeah. You know Karen? Yeah, they they they they lay a size him, but he's no longer a cardinal. And then write him the guy that he made cardinal cardinal Donald world world when he was in Pittsburgh was covering up for the abuse there. So they he's still a priest. He's still he's still clergy, but he gets never show his face. Really, really rough time. So now we have this guy named Bishop Wilton Gregory from Atlanta and he's like super progressive and not really. The Filipinos are not real happy with. Yeah,
I
want to.
Well, that's close. I mean if you go to the Episcopalian Church, you will not be lost at all because it's all
right. I mean, it's like my uncle, like what? I've been pissed at my church. I wanted to go to the because we literally have a million church, like a mile from my house. I'm like for you,
I think
I am. But I'm really going through a lot because I was
by the whole the whole abuse scandal, you know? And then so what happened was my parish had a child groomer in it and I wrote a child report, I wrote nice report and the priest got mad at me and kicked me out of my parish. So I
lost all these friends. So, it just happened. One of my best friends is a priest to me. So we'll come over to my church. So I drove to his parents. So he had just heard to heal me and everything and help me, you know, to reaffirm eight and then they transferred him super pissed about that. Like you could I'm not mad than anybody. I mean I am So this happened in february and I am still angry. He knew I would be so upset. This is how bad it was. You know they're not allowed to tell you before. They can't tell people privately that they're getting transferred. He actually called me to me coming here in the confessional that's harry like at three o'clock and said at 3 30 me and I just started screaming like a mad woman just like fell to my knees and started screaming
and you He was like Wendy you have to go home before somebody calls 911. And like right after after when he told the church people walked out of the map they were so angry and so like right after master but was asking him how is Wendy? Where's Wendy? Does Wendy? No. You know?
Well they all knew that we were hitting me and him were close friends, you know? And they're like, oh my God, this is happening to her again. You know? Like I didn't trust that last priest you picked me out and then you want to trust and you move him and they moved him to the ghetto and and they moved him to cover for a priest. You got kicked out for like, like misappropriation of funds and stuff like that and like screwing up his parish. So they moved into the ghetto, which really upset me because I like broke my heart, you know, because like I really cared about him. I grew up in the ghetto so I didn't want him living in the ghetto.
Nothing.
I wanted him to be safe. The three star a target. Like I can take care of myself, you
know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And yeah, he's kind of walk around wearing a plastic, you know, everybody knows he's a priest for sure. Yes.
And um, So, but they transfer him again to the city that I last lived in Prince George's County. This which is a little bit better. So I'm a little bit, you know? And now he's instead of being an hour and a half away from me now, he's only 40 minutes away. Like just has seen him four times since he's gotten closer.
They really know if I hate that. I think there should be a vote. Like if you get a bad priest,
You can just vote them out. If you get a good priest, you both into stay because now we do have some priests who are very political who get the state for like 12 or 14 years in the same spot.
But then you get these crates that you love and they move them in like 20 months.
Right. And my friend who is a priest, he found out a big Garcia class together and transferred him says a new priest got all got the fruit of all his labour. I mean you
know.
Yeah. That is so heartbreaking. I can understand why you'd be so mad at that.
What?
Well I mean I'd give him in a confessional like I'll go down and see how often a face to face confession and be like, hey dude why did you agree with this? Because you're a pastor, you don't have to say yes. You know
I mean they're allowed to say No. one time I was like why did you because him and I are like best keys. You know,
Like he's very he's the absolute opposite of me. He's an introvert and I'm an extrovert. It's more like, like he is so comfortable around me and we're just like, so close. I'm like, why did you listen through us over like this? You know, like, you know, we were both happy, finally? And he was like, well, I just obey what the church says. I'm like, well, whatever. You know, And he admitted to me that he's a pushover. I'm like, well, I knew that about you. Yeah.
yeah, he's definitely pushing. But I love him, you know? Um you
know,
that's
exactly what mine says. I think they teach them at the preliminary that's a talking bullshit talking point.
And I know that he was crying too. And he told me, and I think that it's hard for them. So they teach them to, you know like separate themselves. Yeah
it's really
sad.
So
he's
he's with the father of an incarnate word.
What's this?
Well. Oh is Opie?
Thank
you.
Oh because if he's if he's a priest there um they're not open because that's the order of paul. That's a
that's
that's a policy brothers. There was
very
exported.
Um Yeah I got in close to a couple of bands but it's also like rubbed really bad with a couple of them to you know.
you know like oh gross.
Yeah I mean there are a couple like I could just text me at 10:00 at night if I want to but then there are a whole bunch of mm now.
I know I know it really does never happen. I
mean
well you know and they say that you shouldn't follow the priest or you know get close to the priest but that's not natural. You mean I can't this man is forgiving my sins and give me a sacrament. You expect me to not be close to him. Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, but
my
Yeah, well my friend was so close to me like any time I go to the emergency room because I was really sick last year, he was always there like if I just Texas I'm in the er again he'd be like there in like 10 minutes like damn
sure people are like well Y'all really close. Yeah.
You know and but then you know, they expect us to love our priests and how can you not love your priest? You know?
Perhaps
because our father figures, you know? Yeah.
Right. Right. Yeah because I don't feel close to God so I kind of depend on
I think
I know this, I know this new priest, he's only been a priest for like three years and I told him straight up, I was like, I don't like you because you're not my priest.
Well he's like, I understand, he's like so sweet, I like abused the hell out of him myself.
No, I do because I was like, like the other week in the profession I was going to go to confession, I just decided I didn't like him that week and I came out in the confessional
so that last saturday I was, I went to the confessional and I was, I went in there and he's like, hey, how are you doing? I was like, I just can't apologize to you and he was like, are you sure you, you don't want to, you, you come back to mass anything. I was like, no, I'm, I'm italian, I'm not a punk ass, I cussed you out to your face so I'm here to apologize to your face, you know? So that's all I got to say, you know, I'm really sorry and he tried to like 10 minutes going to go back to back mass. I'm like mm Yeah. Yeah.
No.
he's fantastic. I'm just, you know, like I'm so through with the church and he knows it. Yeah,
we'll see stretching that now is the one that I transplanted to because my best friend was there.
But this community is like, it's like 12 miles away, so it's really, it's pretty close, you know, it's not far and around here 12 miles, it's not like San Francisco 12 miles, all right around here, you can go 12 miles and six minutes, okay.
Right, because nobody's looking, there's no stop lights, there's no trap, literally literally like cows and horses everywhere, so it's not that far, but because it's like in the country the people are very cloistered and because I'm a city girl, they they look down on me. Yeah, they like they won't let me play in the reindeer games, you know? Uh huh.
Yeah. Sorry mate.
they don't
they're they're just really snobby. So it's called the seventh district. So I call them the seventh district royalty
because you could not drop them them into print short. They would not last one minute in Prince George's County.
Yeah, it's kind of like that when I was out in the bay Area because the cops would look at me because I drive really fast. Everybody in the big area of like really chill and drive
man in guard.
Yeah, y'all shuffle your feet when you walk like I don't know, you almost go through 40 pair of shoes in a year because you're
like
yes. And I like pick up my feet and I walk like really fast with the new yorker and you guys
just
but they treat me like I'm an outsider if I'm like I'm about done with their shit. Really? Oh so
that
either
I either
I gotta leave or I got to change them one of the two, you know,
you know? Yeah.
You don't know it even the half of it, I'm really angry because I didn't go to their parish until my friend was a free fair. Who is this? You know this this person like infiltrating our little cloistered world, you know? Yes. I was like I don't want to be here either, but I am
so bad. It's so bad. If you want you want to go back reposition representation of christ look up from christians. You know
the
And I was taking this survey one time and it was like how do you feel about it was like they were giving like how do you feel about black people? How warm are you? 0-100? How you feel about Muslims were 200. What do you feel about? Thank you. It was like how do you feel like Christians? I was like 40, 40 y'all are really bad representation. We are. You know we're all really like my friends.
it's
fine. I don't believe me. What?
Yeah I don't there's really nowhere in the bible because you can't courage but um chris drink smoke whatever you do. Just don't hurt other people. Uh
I'm going to try to start going back to adoration. But you know it's kind of like, it's a rough, you know, you know,
in
the morning I wake up and I'm still italian. So I still got to do something. Mm
Okay. Go to the weddings of the funeral when I want to or not. You know,
you know
that
I had a choice. I think we have like one more minute, like, well just like two more minutes to make sure
we
did really good town.
But you can hear me right?
I mean,
I
got something to do with this webcam, I swear.
And we have a lot in common. So
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But like
you,
yeah, I'm good. I just want to say a couple more minutes so that we know because I think you came at like three or four minutes late. Maybe that was san Francisco time. I don't know.
Mhm. Did you? Oh yeah. Yeah because it's 5:30 here. I
keep forgetting. Is the afternoon where you are? Like what?
Oh yeah. It's like the fun is going down here soon. It's very
cap. And we're in hurricane season. So we haven't seen we haven't seen the real fun.
I
mean we
we got
one
we got yeah, we got slammed by East High. Yes, it's called by the way. I know right? Uh Yeah matter of fact where I live specifically we got we got flooded. So um
they're called fire tornadoes or something like that. Like tornado fires like
that's that's terrifying. A shit.
Seriously?
All the cross. Yeah, I have four of them.
You need
to get you need to get a brown scapular.
Yeah. I I just haven't know where mine because I've been pissy with the church.
Hopefully
our lady of Mount Carmel will forgive me.
Come on. Of course. Cool.
Getting them to try to obey. They're gonna off rules. All the rules. We don't know that anybody. We talked, we talked to God in texas.
That's great. It's God for Youtube. Oh my goodness. Yeah.
I'm sure that is probably really hard because you know, they take away their technology and my
well Bernie's daughter is is a nun but she's one in Nashville for like the
Dominican
24
25 and so she's a she's a Dominican nun so they're pretty extroverted,
hoist her so she's
right. Yeah, so she's cool. Yeah. Yeah. They were all white in the in the I remember what it but it's mostly white,
it's
like
almost
mostly white and they go out. So
I know
I did I didn't,
I
I sailed the nun interview like I told me feel that they're like, you would not
make
it
like
I was
like, like I didn't even have to leave the building and they had already told me you would not make a good night. I was rejected by the Carmelite, the Franciscans, The sisters of bond succor. I couldn't even get into bonds back or do you know how lame you gotta be to not be able to get into bonds the core.
They're like a really tripper laid back. They don't even wear habits and I couldn't even get in there. Like
we don't want chip to get out
of here.
You
religious life reject.
fantastic none. But I'd probably
run.
I'd be always date number one. I'm, I gotta be reverend mother because I can't do this shit.
Oh, Oh no, we would not.
I
don't have friends who are pretty, pretty, pretty right there. Well I think we should close this. Um But it's an amazing meeting you
and
I hope
Wendy.
change. I hope you have a great day.
Bye bye.