how the God
how you doing? I'm doing good. Um It's hot as it's so I'm sorry, I was gonna curse but it's so it's so hot out
now,
I'm
sorry I can't hear you.
Uh You're coming in and out
kind of kind of really really low,
I'm gonna try to put on my earphones, hold on a second, let me see. Okay trying to speak again.
I can, it's really really low though but I can still hear you
for sure. For sure. So um what's
your
name,
if you don't mind me asking?
I hope something interesting comes out. Have you done this before yet?
I've only done it once, it was pretty interesting. All my conversations are pretty fun.
yeah, no worries,
I got my earphones can noise canceling so it'll work out
pleasure to meet you. I'm tim I'm from California, I'm from the bay area actually.
Oh wow. When did you work out in santa clara?
not to is it, was it cybersecurity if you don't mind me asking?
What was it? Is that for resilience? As in um government? Uh
like what's going on now,
fema, fema, fema. So to say. Yeah.
No
of
if you don't mind me asking, where are you from?
Oh nice. Like so a little not Baltimore right or
Washington D.
C.
Are you, are you originally from Maryland?
I've
heard of that. Yeah.
Yes.
Got you.
Yeah that's
what I'm saying.
I
got
you,
got you, got you, got you. So
you're
you're
basically Maryland born and bred just about nice.
Yeah.
my god. Dude, I mean I'm just saying like everywhere it's it's a hot mess, it's it's insane what's going on right now, you know what I mean? But it's fun times, you know what I mean? Uh
Like I
I I am in Hayward, I'm in the outskirts of san Francisco, So I'm in a suburb about 20 minutes south of Oakland.
Oh wow, The Mission District is fun times, that's
where everything's at.
and you just made it also.
I know what's cool is it san Francisco is totally, everyone's totally like welcoming with people in some cases unless there unless they're mentally, you know, they have the uh you know how yeah, they're homeless and they don't have the mental capacity for anything and so those are the kind of, they're not dangerous at all either, they're just, you know,
they have Tourette's but
how do you like your time when you were out here? Don't mind me asking.
No worries, no worries, that's kind of cool. So I mean how long were you out here if you don't mind me asking,
I got you
anywhere in san Francisco. You're they're they're filthy, they're doing good, they're filthy rich.
I
don't know. Need phillips Tagalog and I'm filipino dude.
Ha ha
ha
I love lucy. Yeah.
That's
That's really cool. Did you ever call him Ricky all the time? No,
that's cool.
you're like, hey, I'm your I'm your focus.
That's really
Got you. That makes sense. That makes sense. That makes sense.
No, I do I I can't I for sure. Can I get it?
No, no, it's funny because I see uh you have a cross up there too. I have like a jesus uh thing back here too, but it's like covered by my backdrop so
No, no, no, I'm in the same boat to I'm in the same boat too.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I heard Marilyn.
Ah that's where I go all the time. The statue.
It
is, it is, it is
And really nice flowers.
it's so
at night when you go there it's just that you know all the lights are hitting it. Um It's
a really peaceful place.
No
the
little one right
next
to the vending machines.
Yeah, that's the one uh until building one is really nice. The statues next to the next to the uh
you
know it's funny, I'm thinking isn't even open now, I haven't been down there in so long.
Yeah, I remember that. Yeah,
I
remember that.
that's really cool, I remember that and so uh you know lady piece that goes like this kind of like the church, it comes up, I forget what, I don't know what shape that is, but when you go in it's just a really long corridor and yeah, you know, I feel um during a land Filipinos they'll meal and walk across the whole thing.
It's done. I
mean I'm,
they have fans. That's it.
Yeah, in the recall, right?
I think you're right. I think that's what they're called over there. Um
They're always hanging out there.
I got
you. Make sense.
You're like, I've just been doing this.
No that's what's up. It happened to one of my friends too. That's where he looked like he was 45 and he
stopped smoking for a whole year, started working out. I'm like damn dude, you like lost age.
And just drinking lots of water and he was doing a lot of exercising and stuff like that. So you know what I'm saying? Like there is a way to reverse that trend, which is good like when she stopped smoking?
That's
good.
me too. I mean your boat, you get anxiety too.
Me too. Me too. Me too. Like I'm kind of getting it now because I only got like four hours of sleep and I get overstimulated like you do.
Good idea. So I was gonna ask um I was going to ask. So uh in terms of your ex being catholic, um like how was how was that for you? You know what I mean,
Yeah. They don't handle it.
Oh yeah, because they're a lot more forgiving with that. Yeah,
that's true.
It was when they Yeah, and it was when they also addressed the whole um the whole altar boy, you know the sex abuse scandal? There was a lot of that going on yet.
So
I don't know if you've ever heard of the church, All Saints and Hayward. It's just the local church up here, but it's a pretty big community. Um Anyways, I thought we had a scandal, but we're one of the only churches in the area that hasn't had anything connected to me.
No, I forgot his name at the time. It was Bishop Barbara. We have a new one though. All right john cummings at the time.
Our new one is Bishop Barber,
Alameda County.
That's the one next to san Jose. It's, it's uh, I think santa Clara is the one you're talking about, right? Um
Okay. Uh Oh, that's what they call it, the san Jose Diocese. Oh
wow. I didn't even realize that.
Yeah. No, ours is um, I'll Alameda County. Um
It's the one, I'm not sure exactly, but it's within the Bay Area counties. I think they all work together the regionally.
yeah.
Oh my gosh,
What was that about?
He was,
know that's about, I know that's about like I'm, I'm in the middle when it comes to religious progressiveness I guess in the
catholic
catholic church, you know what I mean? Like I I practice but I don't go all the time. And me and my wife, we, we, we ended up, my wife found out that she was Episcopalian before. Crazy part before she actually got baptized and and realized like, oh this is, you need to be catholic in order to be married. So she, she became catholic but she was catholic her whole life practicing catholic or her.
it's the same thing.
Dude that's it's crazy. Wait
so do you are you practicing catholic too if you still don't mind me asking?
B. Two?
What
For
Because you were screaming and people were kind of like wondering like what's going on right?
I know right? That's
what I mean.
Good
priest. Our target for sure.
For sure.
Yeah at least you can still see him. Our priest ended up moving around the same amount. The same amount of time is yours 40 minutes away. So I don't know if you're familiar with walnut creek but from Hayward it's about 40 40 yeah 40 minutes. Um That's that, it sucks man.
Seriously?
that's what I mean.
They move them in 20 months and I'm wondering about that because it's always when you get close to the priest right yep. The priest that that uh in question the one I'm talking about, he was supposed to marry me and my wife and he ended up leaving halfway in between the whole consultation.
that's
exactly what happened.
I mean as a priest and as a priest they can't get mad you know
it's like oh it's God's work, is everybody working together?
Yeah it is true. Right?
That's cool
you need some in this world.
that's
kind of and it's it's really really sad um The priest and the priest I'm talking about he wasn't a pushover but he said this is literally what he said, he said they needed me more in that in that paris than they needed me
here.
that's what I mean, that's what I mean. You can say that all the time, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So
I'm gonna ask to do you usually get close to priest because sometimes we do we've only gotten to like one or two close to to one or two priests. And also my god brother actually is a priest at Lady Our Lady Peace. Crazy.
He
became
I believe so he was he was a seminarian for a good 10 years over there and so he became
out there. Um His name is victor victor Trinidad. Father Trinidad it would be victor.
I'm not sure
I I'm not
sure if he's a parishioner there anymore or whatnot.
He's
probably not that.
he's probably
not with
the order.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
I get that.
No, that's what I mean. Like, like for me and my wife, we we rarely get close to priest. My mom was always getting close to a priest and always in the community and stuff like that. So my wife and I kind of got involved in our community and we got close to a lot of the people in the community, a lot of good people. Like there wasn't one bad person when I was going to All Saints where where we just wanted to leave the community, everybody was really cool and that never happened, you know what I mean?
And
never happens. It's impossible. There's always that one bad egg where you're like, oh I don't like it when he or cheese around, like God forgive me. But
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's
kind of like doctors.
Yeah, that's cool.
no, that's really cool.
It's insane. You have to build a relationship with someone in order to gain some sort of report some sort of personal report, you know what I mean? Um
And I don't
If you look at someone who I mean, it's the religion, you know what I'm saying, it's a spirituality of it, not not necessarily the religion, I believe it's spirituality of it, you know what I mean? Where when you get to know someone, it's not necessarily the practicing of the religion, A it's a I get to know you your your representative of God to me, you know, and so how can you not, you know what I mean? There's like in our normal life how many people are actually close to God, You know what I mean?
You know what I mean? In some cases I feel that way too. But on the same token I'm just totally like, you know, there's some shit that's happened in my life. Excuse my language
where I'm just like, yeah God exists and God is looking out for me somehow. You know I mean he's testing me a lot of times so it's crazy man.
Uh huh. What did you what was his response?
No, that's cool though. That
you could come out of the confessional hole.
That's what's up man. It as long as you can do that with priests. I
mean if priests can take your like your your your quote unquote berating. You know what I mean? It's not really too crazy parade. You get what I'm saying? I mean? That that's good people, you know what I mean? Um
Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Huh? In terms of the community out there, how is your community like you do you get along with most of the people or?
That's right.
Yeah. You're 12 miles is like, it's like a walk, a two minute walk.
Really?
Oh no, no biggie, no biggie, no biggie, no biggie. But that's
what were you saying?
Oh wow. I can imagine.
That sucks.
Yeah. Yeah. That's how we are
and you're like whoo.
the
souls get booked.
I
hear that.
No,
that sucks.
And I
mean
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah exactly.
And a lot of it's going to take a lot of effort to change people, you know what I mean?
No, I totally get that. I totally get that. It's a struggle. It sucks because it's a political power struggle in the place. That's not supposed to be political for crying out loud.
exactly what you
know what I'm saying? Like it's nuts, man. I don't know. It is what it is.
what people perceive what is actual two different fucking things. I'm sorry for my language dude, I got a curse of the stone
when it comes to this.
I'm a damn pirate, but I believe in God.
yeah exactly, exactly. We got the same philosophy.
Yeah. You know what? Just try and see what happens if you make a friend or two, you know
what I mean?
You like everybody.
Yeah exactly. That's
how
it is, that's how it is.
Oh yeah, you got you, got you, got you.
Yeah, no, no, no,
no, it's been a good conversation, like I can hardly hear you but I can still get everything.
I
can't I can't, I'm being um it's forcing me to be an active listener because the other time I was talking a ton
and
yeah, no, no, no. Yeah. At the other time I was talking a ton and I felt bad because I felt like I was talking a little too much and I was trying to probe questions from the other guy and so I felt bad, but this time I'm like, thank you for like, talking more. You know, I mean, it makes me and making me it's making me an active listener. It's a little easier.
Yeah, exactly. A ton. I didn't know you were out here. That I mean that's that's pretty cool that we can relate to, like a single place, You know what
I mean?
For sure. For sure.
And
I think it's pretty, yeah, I think we're at 30 minutes but how are you feeling? Okay you're good.
Yeah I'm not sure it's like to to whatever it's at 2:00 but I'm not sure.
for
so it's almost evening there. It's almost evening.
Man.
Oh my gosh
have
you did did
the current
hurricane hit you guys? Isaias?
dude okay you guys have floods right and hurricanes? We've got fires right now. There's like massive fires going on here. I smell smoke right now.
in my head I'm like Armageddon.
No I mean look like literally looks like see I have I have
yes I mean it's it's nuts man. What's going on? Like I don't know if you know about these um ST Benedict a little.
yeah exactly. They protect you during like really crazy times
apparently.
Yeah. No no no I got you. All right well I have I have one but mine's broke. Look it's all broken.
Yeah I get
it.
You know I mean? Dude you know what it is you know it is. I don't know if they will but guys like come on come on come back.
He's like it's cool. It's jail. Oh my god. I'm thinking it's funny because I just had a thought and I'm wondering how the new nuns, I'm like how millennials and gen Z nuns would be.
Yeah. We talked to God through youtube.
it's a good it's
that's what I'm saying.
Wait
how old is she if you don't mind
me asking
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Dominican they go out right
I got you.
I
got
you. I got you.
That's crazy.
Yeah. No it's funny because um so you consider being a nun at one point in your life.
I
consider being a priest. No life.
I
did.
So
I felt the priest
interview.
I'm not even familiar but that sucks.
What
what
the heck
dude
what? I know in my head like I've already feeling, I feel like with your vibe you'd make a good one, you know what I'm saying? Just my opinion.
That's
what I mean.
Well you know it's funny if I became a priest became a nun may be the only ones to be cursing up a storm.
Oh yeah no I heard one I heard
11 was like
yeah no it was amazing meeting youtube
one
time one more last time. I always seem to forget at the end of uh end of a conversation. But what's your name?
Wendy? Pleasure to meet you. I'm tim Yes it's
I hope you do too. And you don't think God bless you know what I mean? Be safe, be safe. Yeah. Yes exactly. All right Wendy
pleasure was it?