Hi.
I mean we could sort of discuss anything I guess. Um This is interesting. I wasn't exactly protect my side up for this. Uh
Yeah. Could be interesting
family.
I'm okay. How are you?
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Um Everything going well on your end and
I'm in the boston area in massachusetts.
How about yourself?
Yeah. It's gonna be up our way I think by the end of the night.
Yeah. Well we'll have that before too long I think have been sort of tracking the storm as it comes up the coast just to be safe, but
Yeah, it's like it's a force of habit for me at this point because my parents and I grew up out on Cape Cod and my parents still live out there, so it's all coastal, like surrounded by water. So every time there's a hurricane like. Okay, where is it going, where is it coming is going to hit the K. Kind of?
Is it hot down there?
Whoa.
Yeah,
but
The winters are at least better than Chicago. Right.
I have a couple of friends up there and especially I think it was this this past winter, maybe the winter before that they said it was just brutal.
All
It's it's not bad. It is also hot and humid um
because we're right on the water, we've got uh massachusetts, it's like just water on all sides with the bay and the ocean and and the winters also do get cold,
but we have that everyone around here still talks about, I think it was like the winter of 2014 or 2015 when we had 100 inches of snow in a single season. And that's all anybody talks about now, whenever the winter comes around, it's like, oh well at least it's not going to be as bad as that one winter. The snowpocalypse,
Uh huh. Other than that, it's not bad. Like it's a it's a nice town in terms of like, you know, the people are friendlier than you would think despite the like mass whole stereotype. But
yeah, um but it's it's nice. It's I've lived in the boston area for five years now, grew up out on Cape Cod before that uh it was kind of cool. You know, you would see the population like double or triple in the summer, but then in the winter could be so quiet, there'd be nobody there.
get that sort of like all right, it's summer, things are happening, it's fun. You can go to the beach and hang out with people and that's the winter and you don't have to talk to anyone if you don't want to and you can just kind of stay inside with some hot chocolate.
okay. You've got to be good at making your own fun in the smaller places. You've got to kind of have a bit of an imagination.
that's
it is it's so weird. It's pretty much the same in boston. You know it's the way that things are if you're trying to drive anywhere in the area of the city during normal times between like seven a.m. And 10 a.m. And then like three p.m. To six p.m. Forget it. No way not going to happen. Like boston's traffic is supposedly worse than L. A. Is a peak rush hour. Um And now like up until a couple of weeks ago you could drive through the city any time of day, no problem like no one was around all the schools have shut down. Boston is a huge college town like all the Harvard and MIT kids and like the Northeastern kids have gone home and it's really it's really kind of strange.
that's for sure.
What do you do down there in D. C.
Well.
I feel that.
that's hard
again before the pandemic. Um I was the box office manager at one of boston's theatre companies. Um
which has now completely shut down because of the pandemic and will probably not open again until this time next year.
No.
the whole industry is just completely shuttered.
yep We're
week theater that was not going to happen.
Yeah
it was you know we we got to do some really cool stuff and we had some really cool people that were like involved with us. One of the things that I'm really upset about is this this coming fall, we were going to have like calista, Flockhart and billy Porter and like a couple of really huge names like that, like come and be a part of things and now that's all gone away.
No, we didn't, we
were not big enough to get Hamilton
Oh my God Right. Like so scary. I feel like like the rest of the world is looking at us and laughing
Mhm It's
so hard to, sometimes you're out in public and you see someone like wearing the mask on their chin or underneath their nose or something. It's so hard to just not like, hey, you're doing it wrong.
and I just, I don't want to like take the chances. I mean my parents are in their seventies now and like I'm not going to gamble a with my life be with, there's like
I have like People who, I know from being in like the theater scene who are living in New Zealand right now and that's basically what they did in New Zealand is they just told everyone to stay home for like a month. They paid them to do it. It was something like 75% of their normal wages or something like that. And it basically worked and like New Zealand is almost entirely like covid free now.
It's ridiculous.
I've bought so many like
puzzles, board games, lego sets, like everything. I've just been going crazy. That's half the reason I started doing prolific is so that I have some extra money to buy like board games and legos and shit. Mhm
Mhm.
Yeah, that's rough, like
talk to me. Mhm.
Oh yeah. Anything to just like make the days seem tolerable sometimes.
No five below is amazing. You can get so many good things there.
Right, like that's that's that's what you do there.
Good.
that's what my parents have been doing like every week I get a text from them with a picture of a new puzzle that they've done. It's kind of
sweet actually. We've had some of those puzzles in our house for like decades and they're just now getting around to them and opening them up.
I mean they're both retired so they don't, they don't have anything to do,
not as of right now. I know like mechanical turk is also supposed to be really good.
Okay, yeah, I've thought about that one, but I think there's a lot of overlap between mechanical turk and prolific from
what I've heard please,
which is brian
Yeah, I'm really, I'm really happy with with prolific so far. I've been doing it for about a month now.
mhm I'll do some of the longer ones sometimes just to be like, Okay, here's like this is going to pay me $10 or whatever. Great, awesome
um
I did. I, the tip that I got being in like theater when I was looking at like memorizing retaining information and this is what I do now on those long surveys is I will read the questions and directions out loud to myself in a funny voice and that supposedly helps you remember it better.
Um So like if I get a long survey or something I'll just sit there like in like a Scottish accent or something. Just like here are the instructions for the survey that you're about to take on prolific. Please into your prolific I. D. Below please answer this question with the number five to make sure that you're paying attention. That kind of thing.
It makes you remember it it makes you retain it
way that
just
like reading
it not out loud does.
And it's fun to it's just fun
to read stuff out loud in a goofy voice.
same.
I will say it does drive my housemates crazy but
no they are very happy about,
oh I've I mean I've been getting unemployment like
we had a lot of issues with that um because I live with two other people and one of them is also on unemployment right now because she was working a factory job and that went away completely to um
and etc
you don't want to just like say to the people whose industries have shut down no matter what they are like well sucks to suck time to go get a job at Mcdonald's like
well especially if you've got like asthma that's like no, no way!
and you're beginning unemployment to you then
where
often
is really expensive?
Yeah it's going to be rough but hopefully they know that people are going to be in trouble and those people that are gonna be in trouble are going to be the same people who are going to be voting in november,
I believe that is inauguration day
no, just skip it, skip
it, skip it,
think they're saying now August 10 is gonna be the day he's going to announce.
It really is oh my God, it's like, and I thought like, so my extended family is british and I thought I was embarrassed or in Brexit and all of that note, this has like successfully they're all over there going well how does it feel now like Okay
I know,
I don't, I wonder how long that will last to like there's going to be countries years from now saying, nope still can't come in, right?
but look, I have all these selfies. I took up myself wearing a mask out in public and social distancing Computer says no. Mhm
it's crazy.
to
live
on
It's so crazy. I mean my parents have been saying that like all the usual summer tourist traffic is coming to the Cape Lake, People are not staying away, they're not quarantining for 14 days when they get here. There was a party recently in Chatham, a few towns away from where my parents are that has now been linked to 60 positive cases of coronavirus.
That's
just sensible at this point like
What?
I just have smiley faces on mine to make them seem friendlier, like.
And we
And like everyone,
Yeah. Well, it's been really great talking to you. I'm really
glad that we
met.
fun with it.
Nice to meet you too. I hope everything goes well for you.
Stay safe,