Oh, so what's time,
you know my name is Matilda,
it's going well this is actually, hang on, let me just get my dog after the room. There we go. Yeah. Well yeah, this is my third time trying to do one of these things,
you
know?
I know it's kind of weird, I thought it would be easy, but like now I don't know what to talk about.
I live in L. A. So yeah,
christian dad was was Covid right now, but otherwise yeah. How about you?
Oh nice. But we're in the sacramento area.
Okay. I have some friends in Roseville I think.
small world, Are you a you a film buff?
Really? Oh nice. I'm working in entertainment right now or I'm for an entertainment from law firm, so.
um a lot of agreements, like redlining agreements and like a boring ish legal side. Um but I think it's really exciting actually.
Do
you
have
any,
Oh boy. Did you graduate this past year?
Well then
I know I was asked the question, so I went to the vet with my dog and uh he was talking about winter and I was trying to figure out if we were still in winter, like I lost complete track of time. Couldn't even tell you what month it was
like,
you know,
she's a heaviness mixed, but we're not sure what she's mixed with a dash out soon.
great.
I like the dogs on the background of your wall
and
Oh, that's perfect. Oh my goodness. Yeah.
Over what's
your
pill bag film?
What's your favorite spiel bug film?
good.
And
so
Michael
bolton is fantastic. Have you read the Abyss?
It's one of my old time favorite Michael christian books, and it's like,
and
It seems like a movie James Cameron would do, so I wouldn't be surprised.
no problem.
Um So I have been living in L. A. For a while and I did a little bit of acting but I couldn't and I was like too nervous to really put myself out there and then I love like the entertainment world and I also love the idea of I guess helping people um and I really enjoy learning to, so I decided to apply for little school. Um I go to G. W. In D. C. So kind of far I guess a bit far, but I'm home for the the summer in lockdown. Um And while I was at little school like I was trying to figure out if I could bridge my love of like the entertainment industry and like you know like the filmmaking world and what I was learning at the moment and yeah so now I'm hoping to become an entertainment attorney practice in L. A. And we'll see how that goes.
Thank you. Do you know what you want to do with your degree or even without your degree?
You don't really need them honestly.
networking is so important. Mhm.
And
on one hand,
do you have a linked in?
fantastic. I mean honestly like a lot of people networking of Lincoln these days especially we've been going on so couldn't hurt to reach out to some people.
More
Know how long ago was that?
You should follow up. Persistence is key as well because
and she
but with the creative types from my quick floor is into this world so far. I mean they're so forgetful and the constant reminding and constant harping and I feel like persistence is what we'll have. You stand out, especially if you're just trying to get into it because they want people who are enthusiastic about what they do, not just the people who are like oh yes, this is like a stepping stone to you know, becoming an action or I'll use it as like a just like get experience or something. Like if you show that you really are passionate about that specific area and you want to learn that will get you really far.
Even
flattery flattery is also very good because everyone likes to think that they're doing well, especially in this industry, so
Whoa
no.
On
that. Have you should actually any screenplay? So
tv is the next big thing. I mean everything is moving towards tv and streaming platforms,
so
please,
they could walk for Quimby Criminal
Orleans.
Well, I laughed when I first heard about it, I was like this is ridiculous, but I mean the people of my law firm, they are talking about how like Quimby is going to become this this big thing. And
and there was like a big market for like the shorter.
Thank
you.
This is a good pairing.
Not
yet.
Like what do you mean Disney world? Like the,
I love, I have never been to Disney World but I've always
wanted to go, I've gone to Disney around a few times but
I'm just so cool.
What was that?
Fantastic. You must have had a lot of miserable Children dragged in there by their parents. Yeah
and
it's
no problem.
that's amazing.
Which one of your friends,
my friend does The Jungle Cruise is at this Disneyland, the
ones
this that's funny. They have like they've gotten really creative. Everyone friend went viral on Youtube for his uh for his announcements
that you're Yeah.
Yeah, he's pretty cool I guess.
And uh oh my God, I'm so jealous.
No. Oh my goodness.
Week to him. Although I guess that makes sense because once you start association a place with work it becomes a lot less glamorous. Once you see the other side
more
and mhm
So
no tourists
because there must have been so many tourists. Um
No.
Wait that's amazing.
I'm so jealous, I wish I had done that program.
that's amazing. Did you have any chance to network there?
Yeah. Important stuff to do. Yeah.
One.
No. Wait, what kind of testing do they do?
Oh like the elevation thing? Yeah.
No one
Out
different.
But oh my goodness wow, I never even thought of of how much work must go into it. But
what in one day
it's serious. Okay that is impressive all by itself.
World
on.
Well
what?
no,
don't be funny for everyone else too.
Yes, it makes sense.
I'm like feeling stressed just listening to this
sound.
did you have to do the testing for the whole of presidents too?
Nothing
now
we
go.
Yeah. So do you know a lot about the president's now?
Well.
Yes, wow. Do you still remember it all?
Mhm. Oh my goodness. I remember
when I moved to America, I was in 7th grade and because in England we have to memorize all of the kings and queens of England. Um I don't think we had to, it was like a choice. So of course, you know, because uh no, um
so I assumed it was the same with America knowing the president. So like I put them all on flash cards. I, I had no idea and I was like going through it like George Washington china, don't like thomas, jefferson. I think I remember, I was like, maybe half of them when I started and I was like, I hope this is enough. And then I realized that nobody else knew any of the president's. Like, I completely forgot them all by now, but
I was born in London, born in London and then I moved to Malaysia for a few years and then I moved to America. So my accent is really weird.
Yeah,
you have to, once everything comes,
no. Yeah, pandemics gonna slide down from those plans, but I love London and I really want to get back.
Oh God, yes, so there's a place called Greggs and they have the best sausage rolls and it's really just like sausage meat in a puff pastry type thing, but it's so delicious and it's so flaky and like probably really unhealthy for you, but it's the best thing and I just in craving a Greggs sausage roll. Mhm
And then they have the public pies, it's basically like all of our things in London and just like meat and bread and pastry, but uh uh poke pie is like pulled with like this jelly, like jealous and kind of thing around and then that's in like a short crust pastry and that is also so delicious because the pastry like melts in your mouth and oh God.
New Zealand looks beautiful. I've always wanted to go.
I can see that,
that
sounds really familiar but
oh it sounds familiar. I'm not entirely sure though. Is that what they had? New Zealand?
I'm good.
well
I'm so curious, I'm gonna keep my eyes open for them. I understand that though, I feel the same way about Cadbury's and harry bow. I don't know why it's better in London, maybe it's like a placebo effect type thing
but
people,
honestly maybe like depending on where it's being distributed, mexican coke is really good too. Yeah, I'm like really hungry. Uh huh
It's
fine.
I love the books. Um are you talking about with everything that J. K. Rowling's been saying recently?
morning.
Right, I agree with that. Yeah, just at an extent. I mean I think the books are fantastic and there was such a good escape and I love like the whole fantasy genre, like my like that one of my favorite book series and I'm also obsessed with the Game of Thrones series. So if you haven't read that yet you have got to read it. It's
like,
I
don't
know. I
mean it made the books before you watch the show. I read the books and then I was just waiting for him to release more of them and he hasn't gotten all the way through them, so.
it's been so so long. Um uh But yeah, I started to watch the show. I watched the whole thing in like a few weeks leading up to the final season because my friends were like Mitchell like you like you just you have to start watching it with us. You can't hold out and wait for the books forever because he's probably not going to write them.
Sounds like right fine. So I watched the show and it's so disappointing compared to the books.
So
God, it was so disappointing. It's like character rocks out the window.
woman
It is
well,
so
oh my goodness,
backward and familiar bending off, wow.
Yeah, but oh my God, is the book good?
All
no,
It smells like someone who would be the show around at the game of Thrones. Mhm
well that
well I think
sounds like an interesting dichotomy.
man this
What was it? What was it
and
how meaning to try it. I almost played it once, but like a couple of times um after I graduated high school and then I just I never ended up doing it but I've actually had it's fun.
No
fine honestly like it does sound like fun. I would be down to try it at some point.
Did you hear about that guy who's been playing a D. And D. Game for like For like 20 years, 20 or 30 years straight?
Yeah it's like crazy to me but like he keeps it going and he's done it like over video conference and he's new strategies on you. Like maps I think. Yeah.
Yeah it sounds so complicated like I wouldn't even know west again.
that's it now, I would have gone through the spells one.
so that's the thing, I should watch them. Yeah.
I like shenanigans.
No,
no. How do you spell it?
How do you stop the role
go into it then,
you
only
Oh my God, wait,
that's simple.
The trial of the Take All right
up.
that I think I do.
Was she in dr horrible's sing along blog? Yes, of course. Okay.
Is that one of them?
I'm gonna have to watch that for sure.
Well fine,
God, I'm really excited to look at these
overachieve
is Yeah.
I feel like I learned a lot, so,
I mean,
well, the insider like tips on Disney World,
Well,
are you serious? Oh you Oh
well you have to like clean up ashes then,
Oh my God, that's such a horrible thought, I
don't
think
like
he rested at the haunted mansion in Disney World
And
like ashes have just been scratching their
Oh God. I wonder what I think in line if someone said that was a code grandma. My
Right, fell off the ride.
Oh God. Oh my God
God, but there we go. Well there's no better way to end this random,
the
the screen writing
and
what we
I'm
fighting to represent you.
I
actually feel
accepted.
So
much fun and you have to read Game of rooms
do it. It takes a little bit of time getting into it. But once you're going you're going to need to buy the entire set.
I've done. I think I finished reading them in like 2014 and I've just been waiting guys like six years, winning six years through the next one.
No, I haven't I haven't heard of that one actually, but mhm.
All right. That down. I've had a Wheel of time is good too.
Apparently before the end of the series like one book away from the series finishing with that died and it had
to be written by someone else. So it ends in a really unsatisfying note. But you know apparently
exactly that's isn't nothing.
this war is good luck with everything.
I will tell your dogs. I say hi to