alot I'm here early but don't worry I know that I'm going to wait until Um at least technically 35 minutes have passed. I just wanted to make sure I was here early and that everything was functioning properly. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Put you on yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Well yeah you know. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah I don't cook. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just moment back. No God nah it's a play. Uh My apologies my dogs were running rampant and then I had to give water to my pet snake. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right okay. Yeah. But yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh oh yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Is that okay? It's now officially 6:00 so Wait till like 6 10 just to make sure everything just to see if my partner shows up. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right. Decision. Mhm. I have to stop it, cooper.
Uh My name is A j. Nice to meet you. What's yours?
Hello? How's your day going?
I tried doing one of these a long time ago and it didn't work. So this is the first
time
I was actually able to talk to someone to
uh let's see where do you live if that's not like address, obviously just like general look,
but
I live in the sacramento area in California
right around orange fail.
yeah, I'm super close to them, like five miles from there.
yep. Film studies major.
Oh, that's awesome. What sort of stuff do you do?
That's cool. I'm still I just finished college and so I'm sort
of
in
that
thank you and I'm just in that kind of area where you know, everything shut down now, so I don't know what I'm going to do. Yeah.
Uh Yes. In May wait. Uh
I think maybe I'm really bad at the time.
I know
that feeling.
What sort of dog do you have?
uh I have two Labradors. I have a yellow lab in a black lab and they literally, just before this started had to, they had gone through the open door, which they know they're not supposed to run into my parents room. So I had to go, I showed
them out,
thank you so much.
This was here when we moved to the house and they're like, oh, do you want to take down the wall payments? No, this is my room now.
let's see.
How did
you?
I'm sorry
Jurassic park, the first
one. I read
them
book for the second one and it's and the book is actually better than the movie, which
is kind
I haven't but
I
will have to look into that. Is that the one that got adapted to the James Cameron movie?
I'll have to check that will write that. The thanks so much for the recommendation of the
so how did you get into uh the more legal side of filmmaking?
That's awesome. Good luck.
Uh I was hoping to be a screenwriter but well, see I haven't had a lot of actual screenwriting. Uh no professional internships or anything like that
definitely helps with getting the connections though, because
that's the thing I've had problems with, partly because I did college online, so it wasn't able to
do
of networking because it's all
I do actually, just a J. Mersereau, this letters A. J. And then last name, Mersereau and name no one can ever pronounce.
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out who to reach out to as part of the problem. At one point I reached
out to has nothing to do with screenwriting, but I liked the company what it stood for, it's A dungeons and Dragons Company and I like called Critical Role and they do a lot of charity work and stuff like that. So I reached out to them trying to see if they had any openings and they got no a quick reply and today contact us via this email and then the email never got a reply, so
That was like four or 5 months ago.
May
have to I'm always trying to like balance that line between persistence and annoying them because if you know they're like oh we know this guy, he's the guy who is so persistent or so we know this guy, he's the annoying one we don't want.
I
will.
I don't have to try the part of the reason. I haven't tried any following up because I have like a friend who might know what networking is because
of Covid right now because they're shut down
and so they're like, hey do you want me to try contacting them again? And I said that'd be great except I can't go to L. A. They're closed. It's
all,
I've tried writing a couple screenplays for television. No movies, the movies are
mhm. And at one point I wrote a website, a couple of web series, screenplays but they're too short. They're only like 2-3
minutes,
which isn't going to work in the long term.
I have heard I have heard of Quimby,
they're the ones with like the very short videos, correct
financial,
right? I'm
writing out the
stuff down. Thank you so much.
If you ever need any advice on navigating Disney world, let me know because that's literally the only experience I
have in terms
of like actual knowledge,
like the park.
Come on.
Disney World is really fun. I worked there for a semester. So that was,
I got the one job, the least glamorous job in all of Disney world
working at the Hall of Presidents. It is the one place that no one goes willingly.
but
then
they were like,
there was the occasional kid who knew more about the president's than I did, which was adorable. Disney World. Really fun. It's basically Disneyland on steroids where magic kingdom is the equivalent of Disneyland and so then there are three other parks that are complete expansive things, totally different from Disneyland. So you
so you always have to go on more that more than one day because one, it's like one day to do Disneyland, but then you've got Animal Kingdom Epcot, Hollywood Studios and
uh I mean I'm sort of partial to Magic Kingdom because that's where I worked and I loved the Jungle Cruise, which is what I was hoping I would get.
that's
awesome. I'm I'm friends with a few Jungle Cruise skippers and I was always so jealous of them.
Oh, that's awesome.
It's really bizarre. Now when you see like a Youtube video first, I was like, hey, you know, this was our skipper, he's the best. I'm like, hey, I know that person weird,
like just the other day, um there was some advertisement was like, you know, cast members made it going back to Disney World video and it gave us life was like some buzzfeed article and I walked part of the video and I started, I was like, okay, this is weird because I know almost all of these people, this guy doesn't like me, this one does okay,
It's fun. But also I was really exhausted. I was working not even super long hours, like 40 to 50 hours a week, so just and I was so tired that on my days off I would just sleep. I think I actually went to the park for fun maybe three times in a six month period,
which was kind of ironic because I had a card that got me in for free and I never used it.
that and I can't drive due to dislike physical reasons, I have to take the
bus
and so having to take a bus to Disney every day is really tired. It's awesome that they offer
it.
I'm sorry, say again, my computer.
Actually, when you're
part of the Disney college program, which is what I was a part of, it's like a thing where you get college credit if you stay at the uh, dorms or they offer a free bus service only for cast members.
So there's no tourists. It's just the not great buses.
I think you can still do it afterwards for maybe gradually that I'd have to look into it. But Disney college program and I know they have a thing where if you're a student who works at Disney for like a certain number of years till then pay for your college or grad school. So I've even considered going back just to like try to get grad school covered
tiny little bit. Not, I'm not a ton. Uh, most of my networking was consisting of uh trying to convince them to let me be a jungle cruise skipper.
during the whole, because it's like a multi interview process that I was told at the end we want you to be a jungle cruise skipper. So I was really excited. And then when I got there they were like, no, you're going to work at the haunted mansion instead, which
is a great ride but not where I wanted to work because I'm more happy and jumping jokey and haunted mansion, like welcome to the haunted mansion and I'm not, I'm not really a somber person. So it was really a beaten or not a bait and switch, but it felt like it and then I failed the testing to be a hunter.
basically you have like two weeks where you go and you learn all the different positions. That haunted mansion because you never really think about it when you go to Disney. But there's like any ride is like four or five different positions that every single cast member has to know. There's the person at the front of the line who like scans your fast passes. There's someone who is going to be in the middle of the line who is making sure that everything is going properly and if the lines are getting too long will set up, you know, places to extend the line and not have people get crowded. You then have the person who is in who with the haunted mansion where they actually opened the door and usher everyone into the stretching room.
And then there's like someone who's always helping people into the dune buggies and
there's someone at the controls at the front end like you know, stopping the right if something goes wrong and saying, hey, thank you, making sure that the seat belt is on before it goes in
and then there's someone doing the same thing at the back end, making sure that they're out before a certain time. So you need like half a dozen people to have
the ride run and you have to know how to do all of those things. And so there's about two weeks of training to do all that. And then you basically throw you in and say, okay, we're going to have you do everything for a day, we'll pay you, but you have to go to every single position and we're going to watch and you know, let you know if you're doing something wrong. Oh it was really stressful. The one of the ones where it's basically the person walking on the um the moving stairway and you're just like, thank you, take a seat. Thank you. Take a seat. Thank you. Watch your step please. And you have to say that like 100 and 50 times to everyone walking by and making sure they do. It was like, it's been an, I love lucy with the chocolate, so I was just completely overland
and I failed the test after I cost the right to break down twice
In in about 40 minutes.
Thank you. It was at the control panel thing where it breakdown is maybe the wrong term, but as far as everyone knew it was a breakdown because like some of the things you have to check at the control panel and additional watching the control panel and checking for like notification, saying, hey someone's out of their car and where they are and you have to know all the code for that because you can't go over the microphone and be like, hey cast members, we got someone running through the haunted mansion. So
you have all the codes and locations and be like, we have an intrusion in the ballroom And Catherine
were supposed to know that means, Okay, go to sector seven. we have someone there and I
was told not to make jokes even during training when no one's around. So
it's like, we have the option to do a microphone and they're like, so anyone who leaves the Rydell here over the microphone intrusion basement, I was like, okay, we get, we get that, they know that they've been found, but we can't have a little fun with and be like, we can see you and like, no, you can't do that. Take the
mickey.
That was my thought, but there's a very, and it's laudable, but there's a degree of professionalism that they always strive to have. So
But now you have to also watch if there are young Children because if you're under a certain age you're not allowed on unless you're accompanied by someone of your under seven, I think you have to be accompanied by at least a 14 year old or 12 year old or something just so they make sure that you don't have little kids running around unsupervised in the haunted mansion. So I think at one point there was too young a kid and I missed that until we had to stop the ride and then whenever you stop the ride you have to basically set a locking mechanism on the start system so that there is no feasible way it can start up again when you're in the ride.
And
so the trainer stopped it, locked it off, went and got the kid went back unlocked, it started again and then I missed something else. And after that they're like ok let's just move on to the next thing. I was like yeah, I failed this one. Yeah,
yes, but the Hall of Presidents testing is a lot less in depth and that's part of why they put me there because they were like, okay, this is a lot simpler. There's no timing.
The show doesn't start until you press the button. You
can
do
that
like this much.
There's stuff where, I mean I like memorized all the presidents at one point and the entire Gettysburg address. Not because you had to just because if you watch the show over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. Yeah.
Uh The Gettysburg address I think so the president, I get a little fuzzy
and no.
That's awesome.
That is still really impressive. No, we do not know our presidents. That is really cool. So you're from England?
that's awesome.
So I wanted to go to London at some point.
Yeah, it's less
are there any foods from London that you don't that aren't in America that you really miss?
True.
School I've been to New Zealand which I realize is in England, but that's the closest I've gotten to. Any sort of.
It is really pretty. It can also be really cold. But yes,
in England, do they have a candy called tim tams
point
like a chocolate cookie. It's sort of like the american kitkat, but it's more of a wafer.
Yes. You can actually find them here in the US. It's just harder you have to go to like the isle of foreign food or, and so no one knows what they are, but those were a big thing in new Zealand and
they're better in New Zealand. I don't know why, I don't know if that's how they make it, but it tastes
new Zealand, tim tams tastes better
or
it could be something about the process or the flavor or something.
It's like how in Mexico the coke tastes different because they use cane sugar instead of corn syrup.
so as someone from London, this is so stereotyping, I am so sorry in advance.
What are
your thoughts on the harry potter books?
No, I just meant more like the books of the plot of the books or I I usually go with the separate author book because like the harry potter
books for my childhood. So regardless of what she said, I'm still always gonna love the books because
I've
been meaning to read the game of Thrones series and meaning to watch the show, it's just sort
of
dark.
So
yeah, he's on the winds of winter, I believe it's the one he's working on Like seven years or something.
Look
especially
I've heard the last season was kind of a letdown.
Mhm. I've done something really funny. I'm trying to find if I know it's in here on 30 seconds, sorry?
Um because I am basically the stereotypical american person, I also play video games, but I like reading about them as well in the writing and stuff. And so one of my favorite games is the Last of us and the sequel just came out and I've avoided all spoilers and I'm like three quarters of the way through. But what's funny is the first book, I've read a lot of interviews with the you know people who wrote the narrative aspects because two main narrative and Game is so interesting
and they said that one of the books they were heavily inspired by for the plot line was a book called City of Thieves by David Benham. So I bought the book and read it. And what's
really funny is if you go to the back of the book At the very end because this book came out like in the early 2000s
and me about the author page. Um Okay it's in here somewhere but it basically says David Benioff is you know, so and so he lives and so and so with his wife and he has recently been accepted to run a new to be the showrunner for a new tv show based on George R r martin's.
Yeah it wasn't he's the Game of Thrones guy was just like baseball.
he's the one that everyone hates now.
It's really good. Um It basically follows two people during the siege of Leningrad in World War Two and they have to go on for lack of better term requests to find something where they were captured by the Russian army. The Russian for desertion even that they didn't really
and they were told okay um the general says my daughter's birthday is next month and if you can find a dozen eggs for her cake we will look over this desertion and won't have you executed. So their options are execution or going into the Russian wilderness to
try to somehow find eggs. And it's really well written in advance. It does cover some really dark topics. And my biggest complaint with it was it's written from the perspective of a 16 year old boy. So in the latter half it gets a lot more sexual, and I was like, what the fudge in my reading, skip, skip, skip, Yes,
pretty accurate. And I've had one of my other friends read, and she was like, okay, yeah, it's accurate. This is probably a fair depiction, but it was kind of tonal dissonance, because you're reading about like, these horrific war crimes committed by nazis, and it's really
and
then I'm sorry.
Yeah, and then, like, they encounter a Russian sniper who's a woman and 16 year old boy, it's written from a first person perspective, so you get all the internal monologue, and I'm like, Oh dear God, here we go. All right.
Also, if you are, well, I'm sorry,
uh last thing if you are a fantasy fan that
I swear this isn't my attempt at like, conversion, but if you've never played dungeons and dragons, it's something I have to recommend.
It is really fun and if you're a fan of fantasy, it is one of the coolest things and because it basically takes all the fantasy trips like what if you get to experience this yourself and it's also
also if you said that you were interested in acting, it's great for actors because it's by it's very nature a role playing game. So in my opinion, the best DND is where you actually try to be the character,
learn the
I haven't but that doesn't surprise me because the indie games can last that long.
I didn't play it either, not because I was like oh this is narrative but I was like oh this looks like a lot of rules,
it is really complicated and there's definitely a learning curve pro tip whatever class you choose, don't choose one that can cast spells because that's infinitely more confusing. What?
my first character was a spell caster so I was so confused. I was like wait what is a spell slot because there's a lot of un intuitive stuff and I love the game, but it's confusing but if you ever want to just see what good DND is, the two youtube channels that I'd recommend. Our first is one called Outside Extra Extra is spelled with an X. And there are a video game channel, but for their million subscribers, they said we're going to do a dungeons and dragons episode and play a game together and none of them knew how to play.
so the DM basically walks them through and says, okay, so you need to make a perception check, roll this dice and then add this number right here. And so they actually have the text pop on screen. So I learned a little bit about it just by watching them, but it's mostly just shenanigans.
Shenanigans are always fun. And then the other one is the company I mentioned before. Critical Roll and roll is spelled R O L
E.
critical C R I T
Oh, sorry, role, R O L E. And that is hands. It's a little bit slower, but it is one of the best, if not the best dungeons and dragons show in my opinion, because every single person who plays is a professional voice actor and so
They are 100% into it and
they're
less tutorial, like because they were playing for three years before the show started. And then at one point someone at the company geek and sundry was like, hey matt, you, we've heard you play dungeons and dragons. I was like, oh yeah, would you mind just live streaming your show? Don't change anything at all. Just play the game as you played at home. And they did that and now they have like hundreds of thousands of followers.
I mean,
and I will give one last specific thing, the episode that I would start with is for critical role. It's there's terminology have to learn because they're now in their second season, which is called Campaign to but the one that I would start with is called The Trial of the Take.
because what happened basically was they split up the number of actors in that episode, so they cut the party in half and
had yet stars. I don't do you know who Felicia Day is? Uh huh.
She's written a couple books, she's a red haired um
That's her. And so she came on as a guest star for two episodes.
That's the trailer. The take is the Felicia Day episodes,
it's like the first episode is like three hours, that's the traditional length of a single episode and she doesn't show up to like an hour in, but everything before that is basically role playing and everyone has accents, they have british accents and uh some other accents that I'm not sure like one of them pseudo royalty. So he talks in this fantastic sort of refined accent
in the game and then in real life he'll just go out, he'll just cut character and talking to normal american accent and it's the weirdest thing. Yeah,
I hope you enjoy them and I believe that we've talked wow, way more than 25 minutes, but
this is really
so thank you so much for talking with me. I'm sorry that I did a lot of talking and rambling so
and
I
yeah, let's
see last Insider tips so that you can come away. It is not uncommon for people to dump ashes on the haunted mansion,
because because there's that thing if we have 999 ghosts, but there's always room for one more and people like, okay, I got it. If I die, I would be cremated and scattered at Disney and Disney people like, no, please don't do that,
yep. I mean I didn't, there's a whole separate division that has like a biohazard suit, but we have had to shut down the ride for that.
And
I think
it
was,
Yeah, and there's an official name is called like a code 12 or something. It's not that one, it's a signal signal. 25 is a fire code something So that
when you announce is like, you know, I'm sorry. We have a delay. Cast members, we have a code 12 so that no one on the ride knows that.
But one of the nicknames was a code grandma and they were told you can't use that anymore.
my first, there would be maybe, you know, an older individual fell down or something.
Note that this means that they found like dead body ashes
Disney.
Yeah. I cannot think of a better way to do this. So I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day
and
Thank you so much.
Good luck
with becoming an attorney in the film. And I look forward to like, you know, in 10 years when I'm working somewhere and they're like, oh yeah, we're trying to get the really top tier attorneys like Matilda. So I look
forward.
Thank you so much. And I hope you enjoy the critical role show because I
nothing
would
make me happier than like converting someone else because it is peak fantasy and storytelling.
And
I have the first one in my bookshelf.
So then I can wait for like seven more years for the next one.
I'm so sorry. Have you read the Name of the Wind series by Patrick Rufus.
Name of the Wind really long. Really well written. I'm part way through the first book.
I haven't read that one. I started to get really confused.
Well,
but at least it finished.
Well, thank you so much. You have a great rest of your day. This was really fun.
Thank you tell your dog. I said hi,
I shall. Thank you, bye.