SPEAKER_L: Oh come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shut up thank you. Well not Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Brought away. I love it. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh what happened? Yeah. Yeah. Oh well. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So mm. With your family I don't trust. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, settle. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hello? What do you get well? Mhm Mhm Mhm Oh right. Yeah. Everything. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hey there.
SPEAKER_R: How you doing? Good
SPEAKER_L: Good for you man.
SPEAKER_R: good here man watching this um watching these Dodgers getting getting beat badly man Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. What's the score? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: 72 I think it's like bottom of the bottom of the 8th already.
SPEAKER_L: As bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well I guess that's just sports. Huh? How
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you doing?
SPEAKER_L: you're yeah. All right man, I'm down in florida. It's still kinda
SPEAKER_R: wow you're in the opposite corner. Huh. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Silk
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: last summer down here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: how's life up there?
SPEAKER_L: uh you know, same old same old just kinda I may do is hopefully the coronavirus thing is continuing to get better. It was pretty bad for a while. There were having some really bad numbers and then got a little bit better. And they started opening up and things continue to go okay. And now we're mostly over mostly opened up more or less, you know, like we're restaurants and all that. So I'm waiting to see how that goes. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: It's you know what
SPEAKER_L: group.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's taken it's taken too long already. I mean it's I was expecting maybe 23 months, right? I mean and we're gonna be okay but it hasn't slowed down. I guess sometimes we we are citizens. We know we have some some responsibility as well. I mean it's not pandemic right? A lot of people choose not to listen you know about um wearing a mask and it's simple stuff but I mean a lot of people take it as you know I have rights you know I don't need to wear this so it makes it it makes it harder for everybody, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I get it. You know, I mean wearing masks isn't exactly fun. But to be honest,
SPEAKER_R: It's fun.
SPEAKER_L: it's not it's not that big of a deal. Like you said, you know, it's not a huge deal. If everybody, if everybody would just stick to it, you know, things will get better. It's not gonna go away completely until, you know, we get a vaccine and all that, you know? But still, you know, if we can get the numbers
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: dead.
SPEAKER_R: out here in L. A. At first we were kind of hearing a lot, you know, you know, basically social media and the news is where you get, you know, basically everything that's happening. But it seems that like now it's we're not seeing anything at all. And you know what, we have a, you know, we have a lot of people living out here in California problem. I mean, I don't you know what, I haven't heard it like like we did maybe what like three months ago? I don't know, maybe it's slowing down out here or maybe it's just people aren't watching news like they used to before and they changed, you know, whatever they were showing. But no, and hopefully, you know, it's the case, right? I mean because um I you know what, I've been endorsed a lot and I guess it has to do with the type of work that I do. I mean I'm a caregiver I work with seniors so you know basically I'm working with people that are at high risk so you know I can't be out there just just you know being on the streets and not worrying about what what what's happening around me. Right. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I've had family members that have had it but they really haven't had any serious conditions because they're young um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Good.
SPEAKER_R: Which is good. Right but I've heard that you know when it comes to older people it's it's harder for them. Right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I was the weird thing are not weird. I mean it makes sense because this is so new but you know like we're still finding out what the long term effects of you know, somebody getting it. Like you said, the younger people, you know people in their forties and younger that seemed to have like no real, you know, no real problems. As a rule of thumb unless they have some other kind of pre existing condition, you know? You know now like I'm 50, I'm 51 actually just turned 51 last month and like so I'm just barely into that next, you know, slightly more at risk group. You know I mean me personally I'm not worried about it. I don't you know all my health issues are not things that put me more at risk but just because of my age alone, I'm a little bit more at risk than yeah, somebody just a couple of years younger than me, you know and uh you know, but you're here in florida, you know, we have a huge population of retirees, you know, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Oh you do.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, sixties, seventies, eighties. Especially down south florida. I'm in the center, I'm I'm like about uh Depending on traffic, I'm anywhere from about 40 minutes an hour north of Walt. Disney World. Yeah, so So I'm north of Orlando, you know, I'm over by Daytona Beach. I'm I live about I live in the same county as Daytona Beach about 20 minutes from from the from Daytona and yeah it's it's all about like um yeah, so for us we're I mean we have a lot of retirees around us too, but the further south you go in florida, the more retirees will see, you know, Miami all you know Tampa Tampa Miami, you know the florida keys? There's a lot of, you know retirees, elder population, you go down there and the average age goes up, you know, Here where I live, we're pretty normal compared to like most United States. So the the average age is somewhere in like the early 30s. Yeah, if you take all the young people and all the people average, you're gonna like around 30-34 is like the average age you go on to south florida, It jumps up to the 40s because you've got so many senior citizens down there skewing skewering the average.
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: is that what I mean? What what what what I mean what what what does it have to what's the difference between living in the north and the south? I mean when it comes to age I mean what why do you think? Is that?
SPEAKER_L: um it's a couple of reasons. Um first and foremost um when people get old they get tired of the cold weather. So like yeah, you know, most people who most of people come down to florida retire are usually from like the Northeast or the midwest. Uh My parents were from Jersey and then come down to retire. My dad was in the Navy. Uh They they were in uh station in Jacksonville when I was born back in 1960 69 then he got it for the Key West and then he retired from there. My brother was born down there and then when we were still kids, we moved up to the central florida area and that's where I've been ever since. But uh, so the big thing is because like if you look at uh okay, so florida, uh south Carolina, south California and southern parts of California has a somewhat of a bigger, you know, retirement, you know, community, you know out there, but like Arizona and new Mexico also. So like the desert states and like, you know south florida. South florida is um It's basically tropical. Yeah I think they call subtropical because we don't have like any jungles but we got like the Everglades down there which is a giant giant swamp right?
SPEAKER_R: I'm guessing you guys have a lot of crocodiles out there? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Oh we got both, we got crocodiles and alligators. Um Which basically there's like four or five parts of the world that have both because usually it's one or the other either have alligators or crocodiles. Um florida um Like the south southwest part of florida has has has a lot of both. Um My area we have mostly alligators. Um Sometimes if a crocodile decides to travel or whatever. You know take one of the big rivers it can come up my way but that's that's pretty uncommon. Um Like Louisiana and the bayou's um You know so down by the goal the gulf of Mexico. They have a crocodiles and alligators both. And they also have a commons which is another type. It's very similar to alligators and most people will, you know if they say it came in there, I think it's alligator anyways. Um We have some comments here in florida but mostly from the panhandle closer to Louisiana and then there's like uh I think Mexico parts of Mexico have both. And then there's somewhere down in South America. That was one of the countries in south America and then like Australia is the other place that has both. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. You know what I was thinking that crocodile and alligator was basically the same thing but I'm guessing only you guys know right that you guys yeah I mean
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you tell somebody who lives in one of those areas that we're gonna be like hell no. Um The biggest difference, I mean they're basically you know there are no more different than say dogs and wolves, you know um They can cross breed, they are related. Um But you know there there are a few differences. The biggest difference is that the snout. Um Let's see I got this right. The our appointments now and the alligator has more of a rounded snout so they have a wider snout that there's more rounded and then then the crocodile has a longer one that kind of tapers off. It's like wider at the base and thinner. The further forward it goes doesn't get real thing but you can see a different fitness. But outside that I think um I think gators get bigger Crocodiles. Crocodiles tend to max out somewhere around like 10 ft long. And you just can get up to I mean sometimes they can get up to like 12 or 14 even 16 ft long. Um but usually there are more you know anywhere between like eight. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think you know what I think you're camp went black.
SPEAKER_L: It's okay on
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: son.
SPEAKER_R: see, I can't I can't see you I mean I can only see like a little like a little man you know showing on the on the screen but I can't see you anymore. I don't know maybe because you were crying, you were kind of buffering a little bit with your video and all of a sudden you went blank. Yeah Well
SPEAKER_L: huh. No, as long as you can still hear me right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I can hear you hooking here. And how is life out there? I mean is it fast paced or or is this it's not a lot of population out there? Well you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: do have a lot of
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, we're yeah we're pretty populated. Uh No California's like of all the states. I know California's got the biggest Population and I think we're second most populated. We have like
SPEAKER_R: too
SPEAKER_L: 17.
SPEAKER_R: much people out here man.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I bet man I I can't I can't even imagine. Um Yeah we're um We're getting way more popular like when I was a kid, you know like I said I was born back in 1969. So I grew up in the 70s and 80s and it was nowhere near as populated is now it's going crazy. You know? It really started in the 80s to be honest. And the population explosion start in the 80s, people started moving out. You know Orlando? Orlando? Orlando got real big. Mean Orlando was
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: you go.
SPEAKER_L: small.
SPEAKER_R: You're back
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: on man mm.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, Orlando Orlando was never small. It's always a good sized city, you know because you got Disney right on the south side of Orlando uh used to have a naval base down there, you know, So you know, tourism tourism is is number one here, you know, probably
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: safer
SPEAKER_R: what I was gonna say. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: you got
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: a lot of tourism.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and it's probably the same for you guys. Yeah, our our number one our number one is because um and then agriculture uh because you know all the oranges of these for orange juice, you know, most of that comes from florida. Uh someone comes from California to forest, you know, but but I think the I think the California California oranges are more used, you know, that's more of what you buy in the store when you buy oranges or like the California oranges because most
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: of our
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: oranges,
SPEAKER_R: a lot of oranges out here.
SPEAKER_L: alright, oranges are real small. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Well they are
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Um Most of them I mean we have different types and you know some some breeds of oranges are bigger than others. Uh Well
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: the majority majority of what we have down here is used for juice. Like so like many minute maid has a huge facility in south florida. I mean a huge place that's one of the biggest production facilities because they harvest all the oranges and then the ship you know in state. So it doesn't doesn't have to leave the state. You know maybe depending on what you know I mean we have orange grows all over the state. I mean you got them up here, you got them down south. So yeah they might go a couple 100 miles to this facility. But that's the most, most are only traveling a couple 100 miles. They get picked, put in the shocks. You know it's a day later at the most there at the facility getting turned into juice. So you know um Yeah that's a big thing for us to but you know tourism's number one. Yeah you
SPEAKER_R: Tourism
SPEAKER_L: got Disney, you got you got the beaches, you got Disney you know people come to you know people come down when it's cold. I mean you know people up in new york
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: know they'll be having 20 degrees as the high and we're having In the winter we're having 60s and 70s is the high you know like almost every day. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: hate
SPEAKER_R: guys
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: you guys got good weather out there? Huh?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean the winners um like I said for the most part usually somewhere in the sixties sixties or low seventies will be the high during the day and then probably maybe fifties maybe forties at night. You know now
SPEAKER_R: At night?
SPEAKER_L: we do now when the cold fronts come through and when the wind comes from the upper, like up in Canada or all that and comes across comes down across those cold fronts, the little cool for a couple of days. Well a couple of days where you know, it might might be in the fifties as a high and everybody, not everybody, but it's so funny as soon as the first day we'll have like a high in the sixties, so maybe maybe december, usually around december. So it's getting kind of cool. You know, all of the jackets breakout, everybody breaks out and they were not put on windbreakers, they're putting on like these heavy winter coats because again, you know, probably about a third of the people who live here or from up north, you know whether they retired, it came down or you know, even as younger adults said, you know what, I'm tired of all the snow. I want to go somewhere. The snow snow, Mom and dad, mom and dad retired and moved to florida. I'm gonna move down there and and live down there with them, you know, because we go down there every winter and it's always nice. So let's go down there. But these are the same people I've been here for a year or two. Like they can't handle the cold anymore. So as soon as as soon as it gets cold, they break up their winter jackets. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right. Um you have a lot of Cubans out there don't you?
SPEAKER_L: Different areas. I like, Okay, so I grew up in Key West, uh like the first half of my uh childhood, I was nine going on 10 and and uh Key West, there's a huge Cuban population basically. Um Back then, I don't know, it's like now, but back then it was like, you know, probably I'd say probably about 25 to 30% of the population were Cubans. And then you had some Puerto Ricans, you had A couple of the different islands that make him republic and all those. And then the rest you know being the Caucasians and African Americans and key West. Key West was mostly Caucasian but uh probably all told you know probably Hispanics for probably close to 40% of the entire population down there now I haven't been down there, I've been down there in decades. But yeah so there's a um Key West has a big Cuban population. Miami has a huge Cuban population. Uh There's a big part of Miami they called little Havana. And uh
SPEAKER_R: Little Havana you have heard about
SPEAKER_L: Havana.
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man and the restaurants down there. So freaking good. I mean I don't go to Miami often because it's it's a big noisy ugly city. You know? I mean it's not it's not like I like big cities. I've been to new york, I've been to Atlanta, I've been to London England. You know I like going to big cities but I don't like Miami is
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: what every time every time I watch the movie scarface I wonder I always wonder is that really really florida or this just you know it's just for parts for the movie. Right. Do you think they actually did you watch the movie?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have it's been probably about 2030 years since the last time I saw. That's uh
SPEAKER_R: But I still watch the movie and I and I always wonder I wonder you know, did they really made that movie in florida or it's just just you know.
SPEAKER_L: they probably did. I mean you know because again you know I mean because any time a big movie gets made somewhere, you know the State, you know the State always gives them money. You know like like states will bid you know for companies to make movies in their state. Because it
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: brings in, brings in you know, brings in jobs. Yeah because they hire hire local people to do you know the sets, designed the sets and the camera workers and all that, you know so they hire local and you know it's a big it's a big production like uh you know like the marvel movies you know any time they make one of those marvel movies we're talking like you know a couple 1000 people get jobs for like 44 to 6 months. Yeah. Uh like they were filming one, I forget which a marvel movie was but they were filming in like the Atlanta Georgia area a couple years ago And like Georgia basically gave Disney look like here's $50,000 just to you know think about doing it us and you know we'll give we'll give you tax breaks on the movie when we won't charge any taxes. You want them paying taxes for making the movie. Yeah, we'll give you kickbacks. You know any money you spend on renting hotel rooms or putting people up or you know, renting homes and put people up whatever. We'll give you money back, any fees you got paid to any people who in property or you know, any building owners that you rent the building to do some filming in. We'll give the kickbacks on that, we'll cut your taxes or you know, whatever, you know, we'll, we'll, you know, we'll throw in, you know, 20% of the fees will help pay, you know, because it's bringing in all about, you know, business and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: of course,
SPEAKER_R: that business.
SPEAKER_L: you know that big name like hey, and I'm filming you filming the new Avengers, the movie in Georgia or the filming in florida or California or wherever, you know. Uh that's why if you watch like a lot of movies that are set like in big cities, but if, yeah, like it's supposed to be in new york, but if you're watching a movie and you're like there's no way this is new york because it's way too clean, it's too clean. You know
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: movies? Yeah, because like, I mean I like, like I said I've been to new york city, I love big cities, but new york city is not a clean city, you
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: know I
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: mean?
SPEAKER_R: been to new york.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: what honestly I haven't been to any other state and I you know I was born and raised here in uh in L. A. I just been to Vegas I think that's it man. Or any other place which is sad. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've never been to Vegas. I've been up uh pretty much the whole east coast of the United States from florida, all
SPEAKER_R: Coast. You've
SPEAKER_L: the way
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: main.
SPEAKER_R: been over here? To the West Coast? No.
SPEAKER_L: No, I've never been to west Coast, The farthest west over gone and stayed at any time was Ohio because my family had relatives out there, one of my cousins was getting married. So we drove out to Ohio, you know for the wedding, we were out there for like a week, I know that and then I did fly into um Oklahoma in one time and spend a couple of days basically and I never is for work so I like basically never even left the hotel, you know, it was a convention for work for flew in. I mean the convention was at the hotel or rooms were at the same hotel, you know we had, you know, we, we ate at the restaurants, they had like two or three restaurants in this hotel, they had two bars. So we did all our drinking or eating, although we did all our work
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: I think.
SPEAKER_R: didn't need
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to go anywhere else? Huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, well we didn't have to, we left like one time like to go uh to go see a movie one time and left another time just to drive around the city just so I could say that I actually saw Oklahoma City. Yeah, because I had never been there and I was just like, yeah, I, I need to go for a drive, you know? You know? So I talked to one of the people who is low local. I'm like, yeah, take me in your car. Let's go drive around the city for an hour or two. You know, I'll give you money for gas. I'll treat you out to somebody, you know? Let's go get some drinks or whatever. Yeah, I need to see the city. So I can say that I've actually seen the stupid city that I've been in for like three days because yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Out of out of out of all the places that you've been which which place would you consider to be a place where you know like a city person like me would go you know just get away and just chill you know just Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: to relax or, or to like,
SPEAKER_R: Just just to relax and get away from you know from the city and stuff like that. You know
SPEAKER_L: uh, probably out of everywhere I've been, I would say probably either uh north of south Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I mean beautiful countryside and that. They've got mountains. If you like mountains. If you don't like mountains, they got, you know, hills and valleys and you can go to the beach. I mean they got great beaches. Uh north Carolina has got what they call the barrier islands, you know, so there's a bunch of islands about 20 miles off the coast and they have a bunch of like little resort towns and you just go there and just relax or you can go to Key West because Key West associate if you like a fish or you like, if you like the ocean, you know, just going on boats. You know, Key West was awesome. You go down there and um, like earlier, yes, this is interesting. Um, so earlier, yes about like was like fast paced out here or not so where I am and I probably mostly state it's fairly fast paced until you go down and go down to the Keys, especially Key West, the totally different world people down there are just chill and relax and nothing bothers them and yeah. Yeah. I mean they still work, they still, you know, bust their butts, they still do things, but there's like no stress, you know, like the rest of the world, you know? Oh my God, we got to get this done, you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: But you know what I think a lot of people like living in in big cities but but living in big cities comes with a price. Right. I mean this it's still too much stress, too much
SPEAKER_L: Too
SPEAKER_R: stress,
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: too many people, too
SPEAKER_L: Too many
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: traffic, high
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: crime. I mean it's it's a little of everything, you know and then you know I was I've been here all my life. I mean you just it comes it comes a time where you just you get fed up, you just don't want to you want to
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: get away for for for a couple of days.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I like big cities, but I don't think I would ever want to live in one like full time. Like you've ever, if I ever won the lottery uh then yeah, I would probably get like an apartment in new york city, you know, because that's stupid, expensive, you know? And then probably
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: out here is too too expensive now.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: imagine.
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure a lot of people would want to live out here in California but you know what it's I don't I don't it's too expensive out here. I mean you're looking at maybe a one bedroom apartment out here because I live near L. A. X. I live in a city called Anglo work. You're
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard
SPEAKER_R: looking
SPEAKER_L: of it,
SPEAKER_R: at like for a one bedroom. I mean in this small apartment 1500 and that's like the cheapest you can find. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: can't find anything cheaper. Out. It's too expensive. Well I know a lot of people that have came you know they have came from out of town. I mean basically they need to live with two or three you know roommates minimum to get by because otherwise you're just going to be working for paying rent and bills. You're not you don't get ahead, we're just paying ran out here. And I'm guessing by by your reaction you don't pay that much ran out there where you're where you're at. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No like uh like in the bigger cities like uh you know even like Miami uh certainly Orlando and Tampa. Uh I mean there's different parts of town where you're gonna pay more and pay less, but even the most expensive probably for a one bedroom, probably no more than like say 900,000 tops and that's including everything that's as your water, that your power, your cable and all that, you know? Um Yeah, like I know I know New York especially like Manhattan. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I've heard
SPEAKER_L: you're paying like probably like 2000 or more months just for one million place, you know? Um so you know, it's even worse than you guys and I in California you guys got way more taxes then we'll especially here like florida, we don't we don't have taxes or nothing. We don't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: a state, there's no state income tax. You get your photo income tax. Um We okay, we do tax gas gasoline because again, tourism. So yeah, we want to make money off all the people come through. Our sales tax is like any um county outliving its uh 6.5%. The county south of me, a little bit closer to Orlando is 7% in Orlando. Orlando and which is Orange County. And the next county south of that. Uh Disney kind of straddles both those counties. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: well, three counties, Orange County, I'll seal and polk and all those uh those three counties because of Disney all have taxes between eight and 8.5% sales tax.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's it's too much like it's getting too expensive out here and it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: seems
SPEAKER_L: can imagine.
SPEAKER_R: that the jobs okay everything goes up but the job pays stays the same can't survive like that man. I mean they got to you know they gotta they gotta change something about you know when it comes to employment because I mean it's hard for you to get by and I'm guessing out there as well. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's the same. I mean it's not as bad for us because, you know, like, you know, we're a little bit the south you know compared to like the north and the west, the south is a little bit you know things are cheaper. Yeah but the pay is not as good either but yeah but still it's still a better deal. You know our pay is you know comparatively to what it costs to live out here are our minimum wage is a little bit better off than you know like you guys I mean I'm sure your minimum wage is $500. Uh your your cost of living is way more higher than ours,
SPEAKER_R: Ours
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: 15 right now.
SPEAKER_L: See yeah our minimum wage is uh $88 in like 75 cents.
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah I can't I can't get back with my dollars.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. But but but $8.56 in Florida money compared to you know California
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: money
SPEAKER_R: almost
SPEAKER_L: for.
SPEAKER_R: you're basically you're basically almost the same right?
SPEAKER_L: probably.
SPEAKER_R: I mean we were more expensive. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it probably is the same um like like I know in new york a couple of years ago um about 10 years ago um as the friends who moved out from new york and they smoke cigarettes and in new york, so back in around 2010 they were paying 20 to $25 for a pack of cigarettes, they came down here and it was still like $8.8 dollars for a pack. And they were just like what? You know? That's crazy. So we started talking about like all the different things like hamburgers, like going to a burger king, so you go to burger king, you know what for your fries? And you get soda, not even milkshake At that time in New York it was probably like about 15, 15 or 16 bucks down here,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: it was like for a whopper meal, you know whopper
SPEAKER_R: for what
SPEAKER_L: fries enjoying.
SPEAKER_R: while?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and down here it was like seven bucks you know 6.5, 6 or $7 for the same exact thing. Nothing is different therefore where you're buying it, you know? So yeah cost of living is just you know it all depends. Yeah. And I know California, you guys have like way more taxes on everything because again here in florida we're in the south, you know a bunch of good old boys you know they don't want to give any more money to the government and then they have to you know.
SPEAKER_R: you don't worry you don't worry about a lot except the hurricanes. Right. Heard man yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: I mean we're.
SPEAKER_R: about those hurricanes out there man. But then again you know you guys have hurricanes and we got earthquakes. I mean we we had one not so long ago
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you got earthquakes, you got landslides you know. Uh
SPEAKER_R: the fires we have
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: to fire.
SPEAKER_L: far as I've been crazy. Crazy this year again.
SPEAKER_R: So if you think about it I mean you guys are bad way better off than than than out here in California you know, so I'm, you know, it's always it's always good to ask people that way. You know, you have um different ideas of, you know, the options that you have. You know, I've I've heard that Oregon, it's decent, decent place to live because of the weather. I mean it's always cool and it's always cloudy out there and now that you're telling me about where you live, which is south florida, I mean it's always cool. I mean I like places where it's cool. I mean I don't have a problem with it. I can't stand the heat out here when it gets too hot. I mean it's a lot of people like the heat. I can't stand the heat. I'd
SPEAKER_L: understand
SPEAKER_R: rather, you
SPEAKER_L: why.
SPEAKER_R: know, I I enjoy the winter better than the than the summer, basically.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The same way I'm the same as you. Um Yeah the last couple of months like this month it starts cooling cool. I wanna stay cool. It's still not cold. I mean we're hitting like the upper eighties during the day but it's a different type you know like like a month ago it was it was 88. It would have felt like 98, you know? But the humidity all that today.
SPEAKER_R: I was thinking that too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, today 88 it only felt like 92 degrees higher. You know where like I said a month ago it would have felt 10 degrees hotter, hotter. You know? So there's a big difference. I mean I still don't like it, I like it when it's in the seventies, you know my cities in the seventies or cooler. I mean I I love sixties, I love fifties. You know, I mean it will be in the mid fifties and everybody else is walking around with jeans on and they're big heavy jackets and I maybe have a long sleeve shirt or or or maybe my my hoodie you know light hoodie and I'm still wearing shorts. Yeah b 55 degrees. I'm still wearing shorts and I was like aren't you cold? I'm like no this is perfect, this is perfect weather. Yeah. Now sometimes I work
SPEAKER_R: You're just like, a lot of people don't understand why, what are you doing with the shorts? I mean it's too cold out there, but I mean it's just how you, you know, you enjoy, you enjoy the cold weather, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I feel I feel so much more alive when it's cool there's a breeze. Yeah give me sonny. I mean if it's sunny and cool I love a nice sunny day if it's cool sixties or seventies and the sun out that's great. Now it's 80 or 90 degrees. Give me that cloud cover. I want those clouds you know I want that sun beating down on me because that just makes it harder.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. I guess we're up. Huh? Everyone minutes, man.
SPEAKER_L: yeah we don't hit our time. We're cool. Hey what was your name bro?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, my name is joe
SPEAKER_L: All right, I'm terry.
SPEAKER_R: terry. It was nice meeting you man.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take care
SPEAKER_R: There's
SPEAKER_L: of stay
SPEAKER_R: always,
SPEAKER_L: safe.
SPEAKER_R: it's always good to have conversation. Especially now that, you know, you know, for me personally me, I don't go out much. So, so, you know, a lot of my buddies, I don't see em, I haven't because I, you know, we have the gym right across the street, which is the, um, you know what I even uh, kind of fitness. I don't know if you guys
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: have that over there. So I was always
SPEAKER_L: we'll get those.
SPEAKER_R: used to being out there, they closed it and guess what? I
SPEAKER_L: man
SPEAKER_R: lost communication with everybody, man, it's like here, man, so it was nice talking to you. So I mean they already did a second round, is this your second round or you're almost finishing up your first round of the
SPEAKER_L: Uh this is my first round on on on this one I did earlier earlier this year, a couple months ago. I I did it so.
SPEAKER_R: this is my second round as well, but now they gave you six right six opportunities before I think it was four
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, three or four.
SPEAKER_R: record. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I did actually the beginning of the year is he even before the whole coronavirus thing happened? So like january or february and that time he's gonna do like to and and they didn't pay as much and then uh
SPEAKER_R: now now they kind of they kind
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: of up
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: the price, right,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I bumped it up again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it's been all positive experiences with you so far? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, I mean um yeah, I talked to you last time I talked to two different ladies, one was in Maine where my brother lives. Off the main, so I was kind of cool. You know, I could talk to her about, you know what I knew about Main from visiting him? Yeah. And then there was a lady uh uh, in north Carolina. I talked to those two last time and then the first time I've talked to a guy in Seattle.
SPEAKER_R: Right okay, so you've been you've been you've been you've been lucky man, you've had conversations with two ladies. I've only had I've only had one man. That's good man. All right man, it was nice talking to you man,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it easy bro.
SPEAKER_R: have a good night man, take care.
SPEAKER_L: You too, yep. Stay
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: safe.