How you doing? Good
good here man watching this um watching these Dodgers getting getting beat badly man Right.
72 I think it's like bottom of the bottom of the 8th already.
Yeah well I guess that's just sports. Huh? How
you doing?
wow you're in the opposite corner. Huh. Uh
huh.
How's
how's life up there?
It's you know what
it's it's taken it's taken too long already. I mean it's I was expecting maybe 23 months, right? I mean and we're gonna be okay but it hasn't slowed down. I guess sometimes we we are citizens. We know we have some some responsibility as well. I mean it's not pandemic right? A lot of people choose not to listen you know about um wearing a mask and it's simple stuff but I mean a lot of people take it as you know I have rights you know I don't need to wear this so it makes it it makes it harder for everybody, right?
It's fun.
I mean
out here in L. A. At first we were kind of hearing a lot, you know, you know, basically social media and the news is where you get, you know, basically everything that's happening. But it seems that like now it's we're not seeing anything at all. And you know what, we have a, you know, we have a lot of people living out here in California problem. I mean, I don't you know what, I haven't heard it like like we did maybe what like three months ago? I don't know, maybe it's slowing down out here or maybe it's just people aren't watching news like they used to before and they changed, you know, whatever they were showing. But no, and hopefully, you know, it's the case, right? I mean because um I you know what, I've been endorsed a lot and I guess it has to do with the type of work that I do. I mean I'm a caregiver I work with seniors so you know basically I'm working with people that are at high risk so you know I can't be out there just just you know being on the streets and not worrying about what what what's happening around me. Right. Um
I've had family members that have had it but they really haven't had any serious conditions because they're young um
Which is good. Right but I've heard that you know when it comes to older people it's it's harder for them. Right
Oh you do.
Why
is that what I mean? What what what what I mean what what what does it have to what's the difference between living in the north and the south? I mean when it comes to age I mean what why do you think? Is that?
I'm guessing you guys have a lot of crocodiles out there? Right.
wow. You know what I was thinking that crocodile and alligator was basically the same thing but I'm guessing only you guys know right that you guys yeah I mean
I think you know what I think you're camp went black.
I
can't
see, I can't I can't see you I mean I can only see like a little like a little man you know showing on the on the screen but I can't see you anymore. I don't know maybe because you were crying, you were kind of buffering a little bit with your video and all of a sudden you went blank. Yeah Well
yeah I can hear you hooking here. And how is life out there? I mean is it fast paced or or is this it's not a lot of population out there? Well you
do have a lot of
too
much people out here man.
There
you go.
You're back
on man mm.
Yeah that's
what I was gonna say. Yeah
you got
a lot of tourism.
we
have
a lot of oranges out here.
Well they are
all
Tourism
And
or
You
guys
got
you guys got good weather out there? Huh?
At night?
right. Um you have a lot of Cubans out there don't you?
Little Havana you have heard about
that?
you
know
what every time every time I watch the movie scarface I wonder I always wonder is that really really florida or this just you know it's just for parts for the movie. Right. Do you think they actually did you watch the movie?
But I still watch the movie and I and I always wonder I wonder you know, did they really made that movie in florida or it's just just you know.
All
All
that business.
You
always
I've
never
been to new york.
You know
what honestly I haven't been to any other state and I you know I was born and raised here in uh in L. A. I just been to Vegas I think that's it man. Or any other place which is sad. Right.
Coast. You've
never
been over here? To the West Coast? No.
You
didn't need
to go anywhere else? Huh.
Out of out of out of all the places that you've been which which place would you consider to be a place where you know like a city person like me would go you know just get away and just chill you know just Mhm.
Just just to relax and get away from you know from the city and stuff like that. You know
what?
But you know what I think a lot of people like living in in big cities but but living in big cities comes with a price. Right. I mean this it's still too much stress, too much
stress,
too many people, too
much
traffic, high
crime. I mean it's it's a little of everything, you know and then you know I was I've been here all my life. I mean you just it comes it comes a time where you just you get fed up, you just don't want to you want to
get away for for for a couple of days.
it
is
out here is too too expensive now.
I
mean
I'm pretty sure a lot of people would want to live out here in California but you know what it's I don't I don't it's too expensive out here. I mean you're looking at maybe a one bedroom apartment out here because I live near L. A. X. I live in a city called Anglo work. You're
looking
at like for a one bedroom. I mean in this small apartment 1500 and that's like the cheapest you can find. Yeah,
you
can't find anything cheaper. Out. It's too expensive. Well I know a lot of people that have came you know they have came from out of town. I mean basically they need to live with two or three you know roommates minimum to get by because otherwise you're just going to be working for paying rent and bills. You're not you don't get ahead, we're just paying ran out here. And I'm guessing by by your reaction you don't pay that much ran out there where you're where you're at. Right.
Yeah. And I've heard
you
don't
Hello?
Yeah. I mean it's it's too much like it's getting too expensive out here and it
seems
that the jobs okay everything goes up but the job pays stays the same can't survive like that man. I mean they got to you know they gotta they gotta change something about you know when it comes to employment because I mean it's hard for you to get by and I'm guessing out there as well. Right.
Ours
is
15 right now.
no. Yeah I can't I can't get back with my dollars.
It's
almost
you're basically you're basically almost the same right?
I mean we were more expensive. Right.
What
for what
while?
you don't worry you don't worry about a lot except the hurricanes. Right. Heard man yeah
I heard
about those hurricanes out there man. But then again you know you guys have hurricanes and we got earthquakes. I mean we we had one not so long ago
the fires we have
to fire.
So if you think about it I mean you guys are bad way better off than than than out here in California you know, so I'm, you know, it's always it's always good to ask people that way. You know, you have um different ideas of, you know, the options that you have. You know, I've I've heard that Oregon, it's decent, decent place to live because of the weather. I mean it's always cool and it's always cloudy out there and now that you're telling me about where you live, which is south florida, I mean it's always cool. I mean I like places where it's cool. I mean I don't have a problem with it. I can't stand the heat out here when it gets too hot. I mean it's a lot of people like the heat. I can't stand the heat. I'd
rather, you
know, I I enjoy the winter better than the than the summer, basically.
I was thinking that too. Yeah.
You're just like, a lot of people don't understand why, what are you doing with the shorts? I mean it's too cold out there, but I mean it's just how you, you know, you enjoy, you enjoy the cold weather, you know?
Yeah. Uh huh. I guess we're up. Huh? Everyone minutes, man.
Oh, my name is joe
terry. It was nice meeting you man.
There's
always,
it's always good to have conversation. Especially now that, you know, you know, for me personally me, I don't go out much. So, so, you know, a lot of my buddies, I don't see em, I haven't because I, you know, we have the gym right across the street, which is the, um, you know what I even uh, kind of fitness. I don't know if you guys
have that over there. So I was always
used to being out there, they closed it and guess what? I
lost communication with everybody, man, it's like here, man, so it was nice talking to you. So I mean they already did a second round, is this your second round or you're almost finishing up your first round of the
this is my second round as well, but now they gave you six right six opportunities before I think it was four
record. Yeah.
now now they kind of they kind
of up
the price, right,
and it's been all positive experiences with you so far? Yeah.
Right okay, so you've been you've been you've been you've been lucky man, you've had conversations with two ladies. I've only had I've only had one man. That's good man. All right man, it was nice talking to you man,
you
have a good night man, take care.
All