Mhm. What? Thank you. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Hello? Hey how are you?
I'm all right. Apparently we need to be talking for 25 minutes
so uh I guess I'll go in and get started. Uh What I guess my name is William. What's your name?
Uh We're part of the sounds like assume you're in the United States. What part of the States are you from?
Okay. I'm in texas. Are you a big sports fan in Georgia or now?
I'm big texas longhorns fan so yeah.
What do
you what do you like?
Yeah well unfortunately not but hanging out at home is pretty much all I can do now and find out what's the watch. I've actually started watching a whiffle ball on youtube.
I do. What
do you do other than I guess you don't like sports too much But what what do you find entertaining?
Good.
I wish we were in the eighties. So uh I think what is it now? It's like it's 87 degrees now but high
is
usually around 100 so that's fine. So did you go to
school
or you?
Okay. So I assume
auburn or is that different school?
I have not heard of it, but.
Good luck.
No
I
this is my actually my lunch break so I figured I'd I'm working now not now but I will be in about another hour. Um So what's your masters I guess? Uh studying in
down boy?
Okay, staying in Georgia or?
Thank you.
learner.
You are the exact opposite of me, I couldn't wait to get out of school, but once I'm out of school and like man I really wish I would have stayed in school a little bit longer to not have to go to the to the 9-5 job. I'm
probably a smart move if you're not a nine to fiver but it is nice to get the paycheck every so
often.
Uh huh. What do you do A lot of hiking uh in Georgia? You said
in
Georgia?
Uh Did
not
expect?
Houston I guess he's come from Houston so it's basically a concrete jungle. So there's not a there's not a lot of green space in this area so
It did flood here 3 3 years ago for Harvey so that that was kind of bad. We uh luckily my place got spared but a lot of my friends houses got flooded and pretty much demolished but
it's all better now, three years away from that. So Georgia doesn't I guess it doesn't snow all that frequently there either.
Houston get snow, it actually comes down, it doesn't really stay around.
Yeah a lot of people lost their house, we spend a lot of time trying to rebuild and all that but trying to trying to avoid those types of things happening again. So I think the city has tried to mitigate some of that
anyway. Um Yeah, I guess sports not not a topic for you. I wish I could do a lot of more hiking here, but we do I guess in Austin I don't
know if you've heard of uh
that area, but that's the only place that we can really do any height sort of hiking. Uh So you where'd you where'd you do your undergrad? I guess you're doing your master down? Right,
Better the better you're doing at the small schools, it's not a problem. I went to I went to uh the big schools in texas and After coming from a small city. So it's not, uh,
not
huge
culture shock when I, when I went to the small school or form a small school to a big state university. I went to a school of like 300 to a classroom of about 5, 600. That was a bit of a culture shot but graduated. So still, still okay.
Um, finance in the county. Yeah. So
pretty much I did when I was working, when I was working at a different company, I went to India for like six
weeks. That was, that was also a culture shock. So going to a lot of different places is kind of the norm for me. So India is uh, India's different. Have you, have you lived in the southeast all your life or?
Anything fun. I know. My, my wife wants to go to charleston
and
my wife is highly keen on it. So it's like, okay, we'll have to once covid
is that maybe the next spot
for
us to go visit? Uh, so I do a lot of watching of Youtube. Um, there's a guy that used to do Uber in charleston. Um,
it was pretty entertaining. I don't know if you watched Youtuber, I guess you don't really have that much time with uh, master's study.
Okay. Well, maybe
you do.
Well, he actually stopped posting videos. I think they booted him since he posted videos of uh, Uber, his Uber rides. But I think his name was like Ryan is driving, so he got pretty popular at one point. He was like a couple 100,000 subscribers. No.
He
I think you can spend $500 better elsewhere without the car.
What, what is uh, what else is there do in south Carolina besides? Yes. Well, what is it because my wife just wants to do
like cycling
around charleston?
But
Step.
Good to know. To know. That's probably something we have to look up whenever, like I said, when Covid ends. So what else on youtube? So you do a lot of youtube watching? What's uh, what are a few your channels that you watch?
is that about?
You
know what,
hopefully it's actually learning versus pure entertainment. So you get
bit about,
I did watch like think snippet of 90 day fiance or like basically the guy was trying to find a wife or something in Russia or one of the Eastern European countries. That's pretty interesting experience. I'm pretty sure I would never do that. But uh
Oh yeah something for more people who have a lot more money to blow to than to find a woman in Eastern europe
and.
thank you.
I think we might have watched the same guy or all these guys are very similar because I remember one of them, there's like one or two guys like they couldn't talk to each other and she moved over to the United States or film and like just like I can't do this. And then she's like pieced out,
she left. Okay that's
fine, this
is
fun
for a three month experience. So okay
so hiking you've done. What else is besides hiking? You do? We have a concrete jungle so we really can't hide. Uh It's 95 degrees out on eight of the 12 months here, so staying
inside with A C. Is pretty much the extent of what Houstonians do. Thanks.
so you play mobile games? Is that is that the only game you play or?
I used to but
it's I've
gotten gotten old and having a kid is taking
lot of the time. Yeah. So having a toddler is not, not easy to find time to play games and find friends who don't have kids who want to play games. So it's a it's a vicious cycle. You get older, it older you don't play any more games and you don't have time to play more games. Energy level is not
to want to play. But
that's pretty much it. We bought a lot of like board games back when I first graduated, we had a lot of friends come over play taboo, played apples,
apples, played all these other like hard like you said party games. Uh That's kind of ended. We actually played beer pong in my house. That was fine. I think that was about
quite a few years ago, so not not as uh not
as interest in the partying as as I once was. Okay, so let's see what else can we talk about, I'll let you come up with a topic.
just turned
he is he has grown to love toddler tantrums. Uh So so it's not not that exciting in the sense of instead of positive, but he throws tantrums, but for the most part, he, I mean his tantrums last a few minutes, but can sidetrack kids really relatively easy, so it gets onto one thing, we bring them, you
bring up another topic and you're like, oh yeah, that's what I want to talk about and I want to smile so that's worked for
the most part. Uh sleeping is uh is a high priority now because uh he drains the energy when when he's here. It's like you
got
to keep him entertained, can't
wait till the time. He's not not as dependent on keeping us to be his entertainment. So we try not to watch videos with him or like
having watched him having
too much screen time just,
but it's
good.
It's actually his like, I mean 8 10 months ago, he couldn't uh by the year or so, he couldn't walk, he could
only crawl now, he's walking and running and now he's talking a lot more. So
that's like to see
the development of a little kid is is interesting and to say you have a small
part in his learning is is kind of cool too.
Yeah. So what do you, I guess you what do you do in inside the house now with Covid?
I guess it's been a while,
I would like to have a date, I was like Oh it's August six. Summer
is over
8 7. Okay. Yeah that's following,
that's not when I guess college started for me as well. So is it all gonna be online for you guys? Are are you
actually?
I
do
I
thought it.
For
$400. So
where do you,
where is your
internship?
Has it?
That seems interesting. Things like you'll be
needing
a lot of different people I would say.
Good news. So how did you get into wanting to be uh in counseling?
Air.
then
now
would really lead you?
wow. Okay.
And I guess you want to deal with deal with. I don't know if that's the right word you
want
work with. I guess alcohol. I guess you said you're going to work through the A. Type meetings, right?
Find
things
Well I'd say noble cause you're going for it.
My a friend of mine from high school, she she
moved to a lot of different states actually. So first she went to she worked in Houston. Uh She
was a social lawyer. I don't know how exact word for it but basically she did not kind of the same thing. She worked with the low income people who didn't get the right uh right
defense. So they were always getting into trouble and always getting the maximum sentences. Uh So she worked a lot with in Houston. She went to the chicken, she's in D. C. Now. So she's done a lot of these that type of social work. So it's
kind of a interesting dynamic that she's gotten into. Um
So I kinda lost track of her but facebook is it's always the way to find out what people are up to. Uh
and that's
what she's she's always advocated on. And her mom was a social worker. So I
think it's
in her blood. So uh so how did you get onto I guess you've got through this video interview? The prolific.
so your
your units person. Yeah.
I don't know what what's to come after this. All I know is I'm supposed to take this uh interview for 25 minutes and then so you tell me what's what's up what's coming for,
So what what benefits are there
other than to say hey you're you're a good person to talk to or is it just you just
yeah, you know.
Okay.
All right, well I have to have to look into that and see if you see some of the feedback that I that I get. Do you get to get the feedback word they don't tell you
like
So you do prolific? Huh? How's that for you?
Actually
just joined it like maybe a month ago so I don't really know about it other than oh look there's something pops up and I clicked it so that's how I got into this. Uh
that's good. It's just
I
really can't do that with the job even though uh I'm on my personal computer now, but my work computer is in a different spot so. Okay okay I can I can take my lunch break and work on this. Yeah I think
I
made
40 30 40 bucks just randomly because there's
one survey that I could do in the middle and I so that was nice. So
that was nice. Uh What other sites do you use our tips do you have since you just do your friend and more experience? So.
Just
What
is it you have an iphone or do you have a
what's the name of that?
achievement.
I guess all I see is you're all caught up in like
And then you have you redeemed you redeemed like with $10 a year you say.
Wait
I have to look into that as well.
I have to find ways to make money so I can feed the kid.
I don't
usually use it on any of those. I think the biggest thing I have is the cash back cards that I get 2% back on when buying random stuff or whatever. Uh But
but uh we actually had to pay our taxes 15th of last month. So what we did was what I did was I paid it online and I get like 2.5% cash back, 2%. So I over paid my bill so I could get half percent more on On my uh on my cash back card. So find random ways to make money like that. That's the only way I think that's the biggest moneymaker I pay. Like I have to find like $3,000 more than I actually owed. I paid it off and got the cash back for it so that it worked and now I just got to get so that was interesting. So um are we are we at the 25
minutes I think?
Well it's been good chatting with you I think. Unless you want to continue. Um I think we're good. Yeah.
Thank you. All right. How
do we stop here by?
Sounds good. Thank you. Never got my name Jim. Okay. I did get your name. My name is William. Alright.
It's nice chatting with you.
Hey. Okay.