Good, how are you?
No,
my name is kim. Yes.
I am from the South east region. I'm in Georgia.
Um Not really, I've got I'm pretty close to auburn so I've got a lot of auburn friends. Good. What about you?
Uh huh.
Not
year for sports but you know.
Oh my goodness you really do miss sports then
it
Um there's a lot of good places to go hiking in Georgia and starting to cool off. It's still pretty hot here but like it's
down to like the 80s instead of 90s and hundreds so that's decent weather in my opinion
No
dad,
Jack
cooper.
Yes I did my masters program right now. Um that's why I moved to Georgia
and
and no I I got a really small university, it's a small public university in western Georgia called columbus state. Mhm.
Not
many people have but they have my program and worked out. What about you? Are you in school?
You
work in
Um, I'm studying counseling. I'm
working on my counseling degree and then once I graduate, I'll work towards getting my license. Yeah.
Well, maybe
charlie know yet. Kind of on a PhD. Not really sure I'm in that kind of in between stage of not really knowing what I'm going to be doing. Yes,
I can stay in school forever. It would be okay with me.
I had about a year of a 9-5 job and I went straight back to school. I was like, get me out of here.
it
is,
Mhm. We've got a bunch of like, um waterfalls and like nice
woods
around here. Yeah. Mm hmm.
Not
huge
waterfalls, but decent sized ones. Yeah.
I've heard it floods a lot there though.
Ever
No, never. Yeah.
Yeah. I have a friend who used to work at corpus Christi, he was a professor there and he must have been there around the time where harvey came through because he talks about the floods all the time.
Yeah, that's good.
Well,
no.
Yes, I did my undergrad in south Carolina, another small public university, so I'm kind of sticking to what I'm used to, I guess.
but
that was a big
change.
That's good. What was your degree and
Have you lived in texas your life?
that's
Yes. And I lived in south Carolina my whole life until last year when I moved to Georgia. Yeah.
Yeah. Yes charleston is basically the best part of south Carolina which is not saying much because charleston's like mediocre
compared to a lot of vacation spots in the U. S. But it's still worth a visit.
That. Yeah.
wash
my
Mhm.
You know I watched any of Youtube.
I
haven't heard a charleston Uber guy but he sounds pretty cool.
I bet he had a lot of Uber opportunities in charleston because like nobody wants to keep their car there because it's so packed and it's really expensive for the university students to keep their cars on campus, It's
like $500 a semester I think just to have your car with you as a college student. So
definitely. You can spend like 250 on uber rides and then Pocket the other 2 50. Right?
What?
All
That's a good place to go cycling. Especially around um the like Fort area along the beach. Um There's a lot of really nice historic places. Um Shopping if your wife like shopping. That's a really good spot to
do it. There's a row of like luxury shops and some other like cool shops um In downtown charleston. I would not go to north charleston.
That's kind of like the sketchy area. That's where my cousin lives and he says it gets a little rough up there. It doesn't seem too bad like there's not really that much going on but I wouldn't say north charleston.
Um My current favorite is um this channel called Psychology in Seattle. And
he's the guy who runs the channel is a professor in um Seattle Obviously. And he watches um a bunch of different shows about relationships like the cheesy ones like 90 day fiance or married at first sight and he basically psychoanalyze is from the whole time and just gives his thoughts and opinions throughout the video. It's a lot of fun, helped me learn a lot about like relationships psychology and since I'm taking family
counseling
next semester it's been kind of helpful.
It's very
entertaining though because the relationships are pretty crazy.
Sorry?
there was one guy I saw on there um I can't remember his name but he was dating somebody in
Russia and they could only talk through the website that she was like um a cam girl on and so he would have to pay like $500 for like a video conversation with her
like $5 for every message that you sent.
well
she
tried
I
guess.
promises.
Nothing
Well so I like to do I play a lot of animal crossing. I was super excited when that came out. I won't be.
Uh No I played some other games. Um Usually it's more like party games like Friends Over will play super smash bos or um stuff like that. What about you? Do you like gaming?
Very
well?
I have
After
I've noticed that my friends who have kids, they're like nope, I can't hang out, we can hang out in like a month from now on Tuesday afternoon for two hours. Yeah.
fine.
And
No.
you should. Well I want to hear more about your experience and being a parent. That sounds really exciting. You have a toddler. Yeah
there cost.
Little Children.
No.
Not
nothing
well now
no
I want,
that's okay.
Has
it been fun like teaching him stuff?
happened.
Well no.
Well
one
that's awesome.
Um I've been doing some puzzles, some crafts. Um I work online um but it's a part time position through the university and so it doesn't take up that much my time just finished summer classes so I was exciting. Oh
summer is almost over,
my
all classes start in 11 days.
critical.
no
I actually have um one
in person
class that also has a lab components, I'll have like
a few hours
a week in person and then I'm doing my internship And so I'll have um 400 hours spent in person throughout the semester, so from now until thanksgiving basically
and
400
hours
had
through, I'll be working at um an addictions facility
slash homeless shelter, and so I'll be running the like a meeting stuff like that. Oh
be a lot
of.
and that's like the population that I really want to work with whenever I do get licensed. And so I got exactly what I was looking for.
Um after my sophomore year I had like finished most of my major classes in undergrad as a professional writing student, and I was thinking about going into like a boring writing job, like a
tech firm or something. Uh And then I realized that I didn't want to spend my life doing that because that not seem like I don't know fulfilling or fun and so I added a second major of psychology and
I loved
it
and now I'm here. Okay.
Uh huh. Yeah
work
with.
Yeah I mostly want to work just with like low income adults just because like that's one of the populations who needs and doesn't get counseling a lot in the United States. And so that's that's my target population. The addiction side of things usually comes with it honestly because a lot of times when you're a poor adult then that's what you do, like you
work
here work your part time job, hang out with people after work and do some drugs and then do it over again the next day. Yeah.
Thank you.
I don't know what your life.
You go.
right.
Well
no.
that's a really great thing that she's doing that, something that is a really big problem for a lot of like low income people and they get stuck in the system and they just can't get out
it happened.
that's
that's good.
Yeah, one of my uh one of my friends posted it like on his facebook page and was like, hey joins my discord if you want to like learn about how I make extra money on the internet. And I was like this is a scam, don't do it. And then he was like not just this website and I was like, okay, cool, I've done one of these actually before already. Yeah, this is my second time during this study. You can do it up to three times.
All
So say nice things about me.
it's like a survey like asking whether it was a nice person and whether you like talking to me, it's basically just like, what are your thoughts about the conversation and then you like click the button of like wasn't good, Wasn't bad. Was I bored? Was I interested? Yeah. Uh huh.
It's,
I mean it's just you get paid after this. You mean for the researchers?
Um I think they're just studying like what kind of connections people can make in such a short amount of time. Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
No,
like I won't know what you say about me. So you could say I'm a super boring person will never find out. Yes. Yeah.
It works pretty
well.
I have a attachment thing on my desk or on my laptop that tells me when there's a survey, so I don't like a little ding noise and I work online and my hours are like flexible, so it's like I just log in what I did the day instead of like how many hours I actually worked on the thing And get paid that way because it's a stipend. And so I just like do the surveys as they come up. I've made like $98 in the past month and I don't like spend that much time on a day. Yeah.
I have friends who make like $30 a day because they catch survey so fast.
But
Well,
except
for you
look.
Yeah. I love when those come up.
They have used mturk before which is through amazon. It's kind of like filled up pretty quickly since coronavirus hit just because everybody needs the money. But if you can get into him too, if you can make a lot of money pretty quickly online, That's something that they like make $50 a day or more on. Which is pretty wild.
Yeah. I think that was probably the most profitable internet thing. And then um what else do I use? I have a lot of apps. I have the achievement app that like gives you $10 about $10 a year. Just for like connecting it to your health apps and it logs your steps everyday. And
so
Iphone
achievement. I don't know if they're still accepting members but I got it a couple years ago and um it basically just records the fact that I'm like walking. Yeah, I'll pull her and then occasionally I'll have like little health surveys. But here
is the athlete what?
That's just what the app looks like. It logs how many steps and things I take. Yeah.
Yeah, I've gotten
like $10 extra $10 and I'm not gonna say no to that.
If.
Yeah, exactly. And then when I um when I booked hotels or things, I use the dosh app because it gives you like 30 $40 back and it's usually cheaper than other hotel places there.
I
those are nice too. And.
Promise
I believe we are. Let's see, yep. My timer says 27 53. Okay.
for chatting with me.
We
just x out of the window and then fill out the survey. All
Go ahead.
Thanks for um