It's not good. It's pretty hard to
Oh pretty good. I mean it's not too bad. Just keep standing doors, but they see on. Mhm. It really came down. I'm in new york, it was really raining for like the last couple of days so this is sort
of
like you don't want to open the window to community just like four in. It's like uh
Last two
weeks.
Yeah.
Hi, it's doable just to keep cool. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um These days I work from home but I'm kind of like a half schedule that's like yeah hours cut but uh well I'm not doing that. Uh watch netflix I guess I'm catching up on reading slowly. Um try to not read the news in the beginning. You know you read the news a lot now you're like, I don't want to touch them, check will be once a week.
it's just
not
that.
tell me about it. I just wish, you know, you kind of still need to know a little bit, but like definitely not every day. It's like, oh God. Uh this is obnoxious. Yeah.
much.
I
know,
I know.
Which
Yeah. You know, you just try to mix it up a little bit, you know? One happy then you get your first dog going.
Yeah. Anything, you know?
it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Mhm. Yeah.
One good thing is there's all these like free trial subscriptions now, so I just
like
goes up like I'm like saving that half year or whatever it was, the free thing on Disney, so I'm like, okay, when I when I like really got a lot of dark stuff queued up, I'm just gonna pile through that then like flip the switch on that Disney thing, like you know what, I don't even care what I'm watching. It's probably not okay. Some of the stuff is actually pretty dark now I think about it, but you know, it's pretty easy to Oh
Yeah, it was crazy.
Yeah. Who would do that?
And uh but yeah, I mean most of the stories have been made pleasant I guess in a sense, as long as you completely ignore the source material, but yeah.
All right.
But
well
that is a good turn.
Our
we
have.
mean in the beginning, like every now and then you feel like buying a movie like you'll watch it a few times really. It's just more about supporting the greater even if
you only watch it sometimes. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Right in the city it's not really fun but. Yeah sure.
most of the time it's actually pretty empty. I mean okay I mean people are starting to actually do the outdoor dining thing but like now most of the time it's pretty deserted. I mean okay I guess it was like a protest or something but those have kind of died down after a while so it's like it's actually pretty dull. Uh definitely not as bad as like you know it's funny you like read the news about your city, it's like oh really? I'm glad I don't live there right now.
Well
I mean true to its word, it really is the city that never sleeps. I mean you can pretty much use the subway 24 7 now. You can't but pretty much before that you could use a Subway 24 7. You can get around 24 7 while not everything was open 24 7. I mean there's always places to go. Um But I would say that when you go out to like the outer areas like outside of Manhattan is just like any other city really. When you get like suburbs residential areas, people just keep themselves like local restaurants and so yeah I mean I've been around the country so it's like honestly if you go outside of Manhattan the rest of new york city's kind of like just a denser version of any other city and you yep.
Okay mostly I've lived in the northeast been like boston uh the priest in Connecticut but like you know I stayed down in like florida. Got mountain texas, uh got some distant relatives in California uh in the Chicago to visit friends. But you know for the most part I mean every city has got a little different character but there ain't too much different between cities and small towns. There's the city yeah there's a difference but like Citi city like pretty much the same. Really?
Well
Yeah some places are like that's really nice. Yeah.
just leave the area my
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah walmart's nuts man. It was like in new york there's actually like no walmart except if you go outside the city or like in Long Island but you know yeah the city actually banned walmart but you traveled around once you actually go to walmart is like oh that's actually kind of neat. The closest thing we got
to like walmart is like a big Costco so.
No but if you did you could. Yeah
and
Yeah, I've seen this. Yeah.
And
there's
that there were
no actually telling you that design is not common here. Like I've literally only seen that at target and whole foods because like they pick out those weird real estate spaces that are like weird grapes and stuff. Like most normal stars, like, like possible uses elevators and stuff like giant supermarkets. There'll be an elevator, they're using escalator or anything like that. Yeah, things that, no, I wouldn't use it.
It's stuck. You wanna be that person there. Like what the hell?
I never tried but I imagine I would be too available are prolific. Uh
That was me. You got the, you don't act like I got, I signed up for this thing for like prolific and like dad did an extension thing and you know, it's the weirdest thing. It actually talks. I was thinking of just disabling it because I'm like, why do I need that? Whatever? But yeah, how's your degree? Right. Yeah. Yeah. They really need to figure out things, you know, elevators are nice. But the problem is it gets too slow at first. Like only one elevator even to
I mean escalators, I guess it's an idea me and something just a little bit less awkward. I don't know. That is
Yeah. Maybe like the shopping cart just has like a bucket and then you drop off the bucket and it pulls itself up and stuff they grabbed. Yeah, that would be better than just having a whole thing.
Yeah, I was
I'll be honest. I don't know a damn thing about making machines.
yeah. I mean cooking I don't mind, but like machines. I don't know. I mean all I can use computers, description.
Yeah. Like ovens. Fun microwave. Okay. I can't really use micro that well, but
craft.
Yeah. You know, there's so many freaking buttons on the microwave. I don't get it, man. At the time. I know I can do something. I'll just stick it in the oven. I know it sounds stupid, but
I mean,
I can
but like it never comes out right for me. I don't know. I grew up using an oven, so I just, you know, I don't
know what that's lazier or not, but bucket
to get
warm.
Well,
Actually, I I'm actually originally from new york. I didn't live in Manhattan and grew up in like outer boroughs. Just grew up in essentially like suburb. So as Yeah. And oven formed up water in the pot. Wouldn't say it's very glamorous or anything, But
yeah. You know, I only discovered kettles later, kettles are really handy.
No.
Oh yeah. People bug me about. That one was
like, why are you using something? Like, come on, I'm fine. You know what you want? But if you want to do is I have a microwave just really use it. I mean,
people,
I mean, Sandy, Yeah.
Uh
who?
That's like a pull up bar? Yeah. I mean kind of stuck indoors most of the time. So I think we had that before. Covid trying to get in shape. But a I mean, I'm stuck here so pretty much every now and then Paula then go on risk today. It adds up.
That and
before I used to just like travel more to work. So I would do it on side. But nowadays, Yeah, just working home. I mean don't get me wrong I mean it's not hard working home in a sense it's okay admittedly it ain't the same as talking to people but you know you get used to it just uh you know kind of missed the change of scenery. Yeah.
Um Okay so it's like um how do you describe it? You know like consulting? Yeah I'm one of those people. Yeah so essentially like um you know in a nutshell it really boils down to a company doesn't want to have employees and they just hired the second effectively consultants to go do two things they don't want to do so they don't have to have employees under like a role so you can just get rid of us when jobs done. So yeah it's mostly like business stuff so okay you want to spit out some reports are okay, we got to figure out how to fix this accounting system or something or I don't know it doesn't really matter. It's always kind of different every place right?
you know it's kind of funny people say that but like a lot of it's really just talking to people like okay how do you normally do things? Okay yeah let's go write that down so you know offer people know that and then just get everyone on the same page and then maybe um if there's a we can you know maybe we'll outsource like some automate some of it. I mean I don't do that but you know honestly if you just write shit down and then you can pass
someone else and they could figure out how to do it and every now and then it works out. Yeah most of the job is really just chatting people up figuring out how things are done and then figuring out, okay, this is what it actually looks like. How do we make it better or do we even still need this? And yeah, that's about it Really? I mean, okay. That's obviously a lot harder than I'm making it sound, but
well,
well,
yeah, I can't use a micro, what am I gonna say
after saying that? I mean, you know,
I'd like to say smart, but I can't really
I guess. Yeah.
know, at least to leave you have a good memory. Uh,
I'm just glad there's like buttons like frost, like I'll just hit that and like, you know what? I hope it works. Yeah.
You know everything every now and then Not really tough for God bud. Yeah.
Being honest, vote like
it
just ends up half the time, so Yeah.
Kind of a better. I mean, you know, it's funny like I'll actually I'm one of those guys will actually get the popcorn at the movies. I know it's a rip off, but I'm like, you know what? At least it's actually pretty consistent. I
like you.
Well,
no money.
all right. That's kind
of
so
Whoa.
corn.
Why not Stuff, you know, it normally costs like $10 for Danny Big
Yeah. Yeah. Only to let you take that like the topping or I guess you could get your honor just melt some butter, but
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah. I mean all the movie popcorn ends are facing the same. So I can kind of see like, you know, why not? You got the stuff
you can mix whatever you want, right? Mhm.
Yeah.
Well,
yeah, that's true.
Yeah. Yeah, vegetarian signore the butter or vegan. Yeah.
Honestly, I used to when I was young, but you know, as I got older, it's kind of like I don't even have the energy to follow it anymore. I mean living in new york is like of course, you know, you follow Yankees and you know, kind of keep track of the meds for wonders, the Subway series. But football in new york's depressing. So I don't follow that basketball was good for like all of five years and then we just not talk about it anymore. So I suppose at least from my hometown follow baseball, that's about it.
had dying.
Yeah. Well, okay. Depending what time period. Yeah.
Yeah. I'll be honest, I haven't keep track because like, you know, sometimes even teams move out like for example we lost one basketball to you. I know we lost the football team at some point. I don't remember but new york is not really a big sports city. Well I mean it kind of is in the sense that you know we put a lot of money into it but we don't really get much full out of it be honest except for that one long stretch where the Yankees won the world series of a bunch of times in a row. But yeah. Pretty amount of money we put in. It's actually pretty sad bye and someone I mean yeah. Oh it's good in Kentucky. Yeah.
Excellent.
Yeah. So I made
it the thing right and most of the time you just remember what's associated with your hometown or maybe it arrived. Like I mean for me it's like I know boston lived in boston for a bit, but the new york boston rivalries like really fierce. But other than that, I don't really keep track how much else. Yeah.
Candy Man. Don't say it three times
have real juice. Yeah.
Yeah. I still remember Beetlejuice. I am younger, but
uh, you know what, I'll give you three tries was
a little bit more. Yeah,
he did it.
All right. Well, since I am younger helps a little big as your floor. Uh Let's go with, I'll just do the same thing you did. 38,
42.
Well, I figured
you know what 52 tries. I might as well just jump one ahead. Hey, the same method work. That just Yeah.
Well.
Yeah. A little bit sports. Yeah. Uh So I think we'll actually get a vaccine this year.
I just heard maybe. But you know what? I'm not gonna hold my breath.
What?
No, But they do have free testing now. I just like, it's sort of like okay, I could go out and get tested, but then like takes like two weeks to get results and like okay, but in two weeks. But, and I've caught it. So how do I even make any sense? Right. Well, mortgage giants trick right now. So I'm like, all right, well keep doing what I'm doing. Right?
Who?
Oh, what?
Well,
the thing I heard about that, Yeah.
I'm
a woman before they get a better test.
And more. It's good to know.
I
think
so. Yeah.
I don't think anyone I've heard of has gotten that has ever liked it go the way you describe it just like, you know that that's
that sounds God awful.
He died in mine. Yeah.
I figure you wait long enough, there's gotta be something different. I don't want I don't want to do. Yeah.
I
appreciate
the tiv or not the typical Uh huh
Morning
against Yeah. Uh huh
Darren.
Yeah, you know what I mean, Part of it wants to bet on it but like it's the sort of thing where I'm like I'm gonna feel bad, no matter which way. It's like it's really messy right now. But
I mean
we
go to the polls and then theoretically you would expect biden to win, but polls didn't exactly help in 2016 or they weren't exactly accurate. So I'm like chance, it's always a chance. I mean I'm not going to live and I don't really like trump, but then being in new york, I can't really, it's quite square this over. So what the hell? But that being said, I mean, yeah, I mean there's always a chance of movement because yeah, I mean, we just don't know. I don't trust the pulse since 2016, so Well, I would like to hear that he ain't going to win, but it could happen, you know? Yeah,
Why
not?
exactly. You know, I mean, how can you vote for a guy who's directly screwing you over, you know?
I'm
wolf.
I mean, I had a buddy who lived in Lexington, he's like, yeah, this is like one of the blue enclaves. But you know, beyond that, he told me just give up on the
rest of
yeah. By day, I mean, things could change if now more than ever people are scared so hope for the best. Well, okay. Hope that they're scared enough to vote. Yeah.
Yeah, but not too scared that they don't go out kind of a weird sort of thing. But I don't want to go out much, but you know what? You know. Fuck it. I'll go out to vote. I don't care where a fucking hazmat suit a path. Yeah.
Thank you. And I might as well enjoy it is one of the times where you can go out, you know, no one's really gonna bug you. Yeah.
All
Your
studies and prolific.
Oh God. Yeah. I'm just gonna disable. I think it's really annoyed.
You know, you figure eventually there's going to be like voice activated microwave and like maybe.
And then everything else seeming, you know, looking on it up to like voice activated.
But I don't want to touch that for now, adequate.
But
it's
Yeah, no, it's
good. I'll let you go. I understand. Uh huh. But it was fun talking evil.
You too.