Yeah. Mhm. Right. Oh, totally forget about getting medicine to you to. That's all right, Yeah, so you don? Re kevin had me grab a spoon. I have to sit here. Hey there, how are you? Sorry, afternoon meds.
Yeah, so how are you doing today?
I'm
alone.
Yeah, I'm in central Kentucky, so it's the same here who had thunderstorms every afternoon for like the last two weeks and
the
humiliation just like, wow. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
So what do you do when you're not keeping cool? How do you spend your time?
Oh you're, you're more intense than I am. I. One of my caregivers
is like a news junkie. He looked,
he
loves it, he loves the politics and the debates and the scandals and all of it kind of vomits it all over me until I'm like no more, no more.
Right. It's just, you know, one horrible thing after another, after another after another and you can only take so much. Mhm.
I mean I'm even like that on netflix. I love criminal minds, but I can only watch about three episodes
before
I was
just because it's all just horror,
horror, horror, like no, let me go watch, I don't know, charmed or something.
yeah, I'll go over to you and watch a GT or The Voice or
you know what's in Boots? I don't know something.
yeah
and
well
Well if you look at the original grim green fairy tales, the Disney movies are built on there. So freaking dark Cinderella. The stepsisters are like cutting off their toes.
It's like what the heck is uh
crazy crazy people do that. I don't know.
This component. It doesn't exist. Yeah,
but I like the
what is it that drew Barry more version better
Network after where she saves herself.
Love that one loved it. I even, I actually bought that movie on Youtube.
I'm like I don't buy movies on Youtube. I don't buy anything I can do. It's like you know, I don't have the money to you know to
another
you know it's like okay this is just such a good movie that I've gotta, I've gotta do it. Mhm.
Well
So where in new york are you?
Is it as insane as it seems to be like on tv and in movies?
Wait a minute. I do live there. Oh what about like before of all the covid stuff
you know prior to that what they like?
Where where else have you lived?
I lived in Tucson for about 10 years and you know kind of
got used to the vibe there because even though it was a city, it felt like a small town.
now I live in a town of I think we're at 7000 people Because you know, it's a couple more families moved in, so we're up to 7000.
you know, this big, yeah, we we've got a Kroger and walmart, so we're all set.
What,
already then, kind of sort of the same, I guess not really, because wal mart has more variety of stuff and let's go ahead and more oddity of stuff, like do you really need five gallons of mayonnaise all at one time?
yep, I I lived in Washington for about a month, that was about all I can handle of living in Washington was about a month. Um There's a target there, like in uh in a, I don't know what they call them anymore. Sky rise or a skyscraper, You know one of the really? And it was on like three different floors
and you like, they had the escalators that you could put your cards on the escalator
and it's like this, it was so foreign to me.
I mean,
I
haven't lived in any really big towns, but there was like, what the hell?
I just thought it was so bizarre. I had never seen like I used the elevator because I didn't trust this whole card escalator.
And I'd be that person. I would totally be that person.
Was that you or me?
Well, right.
I don't know how you would fix that almost like you you you put in a big pulley system so you will catch hooks to your cart and then you winch it up and then you go up the escalator.
that would work. That would work. You ought to invent that
because I can't invent things. So you you ought to invent that.
Me neither. I'm a writer and I'm a life coach. I don't know anything about making stuff for like a mess in the kitchen when I'm cooking that I'm good at. Making
computer is good.
You
won't
you? You like the only guy I've ever met who would say I can't nuke anything.
I
use the term instead.
Forget.
No,
it
it if it's what you're used to, it's what
you're used to, you do what you're used to. So where did you grow up?
You warmed up water in a pot,
kettles are really handy, kettles
work well, um you know what else truly well for for warming up water, microwave?
It's
I've
got there like just off the screen on top of my mini bridge. Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Works. I've got to ask, what is this, this black thing behind
you with the bars?
There you go. Did you work from home before Covid or are you just like,
what list?
Right. What kind of work do you do?
That sounds like you must be really smart to people to do all that.
in the room.
You're trying to downplay
it here when
really you want to be like damn straight. I'm smart.
What? What?
Thank you.
You are in certain areas, in in some areas you have struggles, but in, in some areas like your work, you are really freaking smart. Mhm.
Yeah, I mean we'll just we'll just forget about the microwave. We'll just put it aside. I'm going to try to forget about that. I will never forget the guy in new york who can't use a microwave. Never sure
it.
awkward button works really well. You know if if you like popcorn.
That's all right. I won't hold that against you.
What?
What?
Yeah.
absolutely.
It really is. I used to do um I used to be a security guard like half a lifetime ago and um one of my primary post was at a movie theater and they would at the end of the night
they have all this popcorn leftover. So they
would come all this popcorn into their giant like industrial garbage bags and say, here take this home.
Well,
I would I would like take home this giant like
bag of popcorn all as I am,
take it home with me and like invite all the other security never on their lunch break say hey you know
movie and popcorn? Movie and popcorn come on over.
One box as much. And I took him a 5.5 ft tall bag of it.
Yeah, I would just melt some butter and you know, mix in some salt and a little garlic powder just to make it
oh a little more interesting,
you know?
you know garlic salt or white pepper or um oregano,
parsley, you know any of those,
you know the green levy things?
You know people go oh my God this is delicious, what is it? And I'll go, it's a bunch of leaves, its plants, I put plants in the popcorn.
So are you sports fan? Do you follow sports?
okay. I'm trying to remember who do the football games are It
was
like now ish. What what football team are there? There's there's the one with the other manning and then there's the other team.
We've got the University of Kentucky basketball and that's about it.
Yeah. Everybody here follows all the Cincinnati teams and I couldn't tell you the Cincinnati teams if my life depended on it. Aside from the Bangles because the Bengals are the rivals of the Browns who are my hometown team because I grew up in Northwest. Ohio.
So.
Yeah. For me it's the browns and the Ohio State. And the rivalry with that team up north, we don't speak their name four. It might cause you know juju to go bad somewhere as we speak the name a team up. So we don't speak the name of the team of
Yeah or Beetlejuice.
Beetlejuice is my generation. You look considerably younger than me.
All right now I've got to ask, how old are you?
34.
Mhm.
Okay. So you're not considerably younger than me but you are younger. You three guesses now.
You gotta go up some
bingo. Well done. Second try
what?
yeah it worked well that worked well. So we've got like a couple more minutes. What what else should we talk about? We hit
you know what do you do? What do I do? We hit words
you know I haven't been following the news. No I have no idea.
Yeah I'm not holding my breath for anything. Have
you had to get tested for it?
I I had to have my gallbladder removed
back in june and they had to do the nasal swab thing which is a result. And oh my God
they stick that Q tips so far
up your neck
and it feels like your brain is on fire. It is so bad.
Like
division. I was sobbing hysterically. It was awful.
Like we we we've got a rule in the house that anytime anyone has a medical procedure done they get the fast food or not fast food meal of their choice. We counted the frontal lobotomy with a Q tip as a medical procedure.
And I've
got
I was very excited about getting chinese buffet.
It
yeah it is it is bad, bad, bad, bad.
Go for whatever else that I don't even know what other tests are doing. Except.
Yeah. You don't want to do it. Trust me. You don't want to do, I promise you you do not want to
do
it.
Thanks. You appreciate the warning against the tip.
It's
Yeah.
Who do you think is going to win the election?
Well
it's a big
success.
I would love to hear about President biden. I would love to hear that so much because I'm a poor check. I'm on Medicaid, I'm on like all the, you know, all of
that had,
you know, trump just kind of screwed me over.
Right. I don't understand that. Like have Kentucky's or Red State, one of the poorest states in the country
and it's
like how the hell are all these people voting for republicans who are viciously screwing them over? I don't get it.
Not
all roads day Red State except for like this house and um that's about it,
Right. Right.
Well I I have doctor's appointments all over the place so I've got a mask that you'll get, get a good amount of use but it's got pink flamingos on it so it's ok, that's just my canes, matches my wheelchair, it's all good. I'm color coordinated when I go out,
Well the wheelchair pretty much ensures that nobody's gonna bug me. People are like falling over to
them, okay, like open doors and
you know.
Mhm. Hi computer voice. Why?
But wait maybe maybe weird computer for this guy knows how to use a microwave?
yeah, I'm sure I'm sure of it.
What, yep.
Well anything else you wanted to talk about? I think we we've had
our
time.
Well
it's fun talking to you too man, take it easy,
bye.