I'm doing. Yeah.
Yes sir. Yes sir. What about you?
Your sixth time? Okay, that's pretty interesting. Um uh What all kind of stuff have you have you talked about then? What kind of stuff do you want to talk about?
Just prolific for me? I I get a lot, like I tried a lot of Yougov and stuff like that, but it got really spammy and it felt I felt like I wasn't being rewarded properly and things like that. So
what
about
you?
I have not, I'm going to write that down and
I liked a lot because it's also a lot of scientific research. Uh and
I'm
really into that, so.
Mhm. I like it a lot anyways. What do you what do you do for a living? Do you just do surveys and stuff?
Okay. That's cool. That's cool.
I am a senior so it's like a wine aficionado. Uh It's it's essentially like a really fancy server. Yeah.
Yeah, it's really cool, I really like it. Um What what is your favorite hobby in the free time?
Yeah. If if if you could do anything that you wanted to do right now, what would it be?
Really? Okay. What kind of, what kind of music do you like to make?
Okay. That's pretty cool.
So
you see like like got.
I get that. That's really cool. I like a lot of jazz music. So you like a big band jazz? Have you ever listened to scar?
Uh Same, I typically find myself listening to metal. I don't know if you can tell but
typically find myself listening to metal, but I really also like pretty much everything I would say that the that the only things that I'm not super passionate about, our like gospel music um or like pop country music. I don't really like that very much either.
Uh See I would go pop country instead.
um So uh whenever playing the drums, what what is your what is your favorite thing or what do you what do you find the most difficult about playing the drums? Is that the initial learning bit or is it like the rhythm keeping or?
I'm
that makes sense. That makes sense. Um Whenever you say more technical stuff, are you talking about like uh technical as in uh what is the one band, three man band greatest drummer in the world? Uh Dude had a full set, like he had to like be lowered into his drums or something like that and he would just play the entire drum set around him, like
I don't remember the name of the banner and give me a second
rush. That is it, man, I'm so bad with names,
but
He
Okay. That's cool.
that's pretty
What what what particular kind of investments are you looking at right now? Are you are you preparing yourself for the possibility of an economic crash here in the United States with the lockdowns coming in again or what?
I was gonna
ask uh if you don't mind me asking, what what do you typically have is your basic kind of portfolio in your stocks? Like do you go the safe route with like a realtor like our what is it called? Um like housing and and things like that, or are
you
going more like Yeah real estate, that's that's what it's like for real estate, Are you uh going more of like a unsafe route with like betting on stocks, things like stock shorting, or investing in like green energy or things like that? Yeah,
I love you.
No,
that's cool. Um
have you, have you bought any fighter stock from
what I can
tell
that they're going to be the leaders in the coronavirus vaccine development?
that's
pretty
good.
that makes sense. That makes sense. Um So you buy based upon, do you buy based upon uh trends happening in the market itself? Or do you buy based upon like ethical
ventures? Or do you buy based upon social trends that are happening? So the things like uh given the option to buy Tiktok, would you buy Tiktok?
huh.
Makes sense. Um So I think I think you lashed onto uh and the idea of tick tock keeping the china thing, but you missed the question is like, do you invest like ethically driven or like socially driven or do you do it like markedly driven? Like so
you
know you
said you buy the dips and stuff
like that, so.
Okay, that makes sense now uh
still sort of talking about the stock market
but also not really, how do you feel about some of these larger stockbrokers and the stockbroking companies breaking into Bitcoin?
Yeah. You uh you really get a poker?
you can't sit
at the table here.
I
agree, I agree, I've been playing poker for a long time. My uh my grandmother taught it to me whenever I was a kid um and you know I've I've been playing hold em and Omaha hi lo and and all kinds of stuff basically my entire life, I'm 29 years old. Uh so for 20 ish years at least. Uh huh.
so I would say that Omaha Hi Lo is is my safe game is the one that I play, if I just want to play that way, I don't lose any money that way I have the opportunity to win money, but I'm probably not going to lose any money going
into
it or if I do then it's like 20 bucks, maybe
I prefer no limit because it makes it a little riskier. Um and
typically whenever I play online, I just play with the free money instead of playing with my money. So
I haven't played in a few months, but last time I played was last year, so
50.
talking about what online poker probably not realistically, I think uh neither of them, whoever it's going to be are going to view that as any kind of an issue at all and so more than likely anybody who would be appointed to any kind of position that would be able to make that kind of decision is not going to give a flying fuck part
of
the partner language but
I'm
in
texas,
no I'm in texas uh texas is just a strict no gambling state whatsoever, so if we if we want to go we had to go to like Oklahoma or or Albuquerque, new Mexico, that that kind of thing
mm um I have played in person a couple of times uh one particular time I went and I made like 7 $800 and that was cool. Um I was just taking money from other players. Uh
Yeah, yeah, I sat down
at a cash table
and
nobody expects, expects us like 20 something year old to have been playing poker for a long time. So It
was
it was like
four
or 5 years
back anyways. Yeah.
Yeah. Um I was actually in Albuquerque for a magic tournament which magically gathering is a card game and I was there to play the tournament and uh I got knocked out really early and so I was like man I just go play poker, it's basically the same thing, I can win me some money, it's all good. Yeah.
Yeah, I used to play a lot um way
back when in my in my barely legal teens like like I was like 18, I played a lot A lot and I was I was pretty successful as I said, I only barely ventured into the real money because I was you know an 18 or 19 year old and so I didn't really have a whole lot of to spend or dispensable income At the time. But you know I made a couple $100. Not bad. Just just enough to be like Oh hey I made something not like crazy amounts.
Yeah. As long as you're in the money at school. Right.
Being recognized for for for good performance is just as good as the money. Yeah
I agree.
Yeah I agree. I agree. I play I play video games for the same reason like I play a game called Dota And it's a massive online battle arena and it's based off of like a mod for an old warcraft three game and uh like that's a competitive game and I enjoy playing that too. It's really fun whenever you get like the M. V. P. Screen at the end and it's you and like you see all the accolades that you had during the game. It's really good.
that's true that's true.
uh I also enjoy a competitive environment as long as it's not like a toxic competitive environment because once the toxicity starts to leak in and then it no longer becomes fun because then it becomes more work than straighter than fun it is and I
kind
of stuff you get a lot of stress from it.
Mhm. Um What is the the largest amount that you've ever won from a tournament? Yeah.
Damn. Um It's pretty good man.
Yeah I understand that. I personally
and for the decriminalization of a lot of different things like for instance I don't know if you saw but Oregon decriminalized all drugs which
I think is
great.
Uh Not just mushrooms but like literally all drugs.
But
but I think that, you know, that kind of a thing is just absolutely incredible. I think that it's very progressive in the theory because once you're past the whole criminalization of of this kind of aspect, then you can go on to like the rehabilitation and and casual usage
of things like drugs now,
applying
that
to.
So as soon as as soon as money becomes a factor in whether or not someone can abuse the situation to to generate a lot of revenue, as soon as it becomes more profitable to legalize the drugs than it is to have people in cages. That's whenever you'll see a radical change in the policy.
I think, I think the reason why we don't see a lot of revenue being generated right now by the industry is because a lot of it is going into reinvestment into the company's. So like being able to upgrade process is being able to upgrade machinery, being able to hire more workers, expand the industry, that kind of thing. And so because the industry is you know two years old then we haven't really seen a solidification into these actual like monarchs of the industry yet we have we don't have any brand name pot growers
or.
I agree, I agree. But as of right now being able to be on the on the cutting edge or on the cusp of the breaking of that industry really allowed uh these individuals to kind of set the tone for the way that the industry is going to grow. And at that point that's whenever you see like G. E. Or or General Motors or something like that, that is whenever they have lots of competitors and you will eventually see the those kinds of industries or those kinds of captains of the industry
evolved
as well. Yeah.
Yeah, I think, I think that one of the things that we're going to have to have before the stocks or before the market solidifies on the hemp industry are on the, on the pot industry is the legalization and widespread acceptance of hemp as a material because uh Many, many years ago I think in the 1920s they outlawed hemp to be used as like rope manufacturers have lobbied the government and whatever. And so we need to see the repealing of those kinds of laws in order for the manufacturing part or manufacturing side of the business to really flower
before
we
can see.
I didn't,
I didn't know that.
I'll have to look that up. Yes,
I
should say.
Yeah, man, that's cool. Thanks for that. I didn't actually know that. I thought, I thought it was still federally illegal to manufacture hemp, but we could import it with whatever reason, so.
Okay. That's very interesting anyways. So I think that uh if that is the case, then we should see a lot of great financial gains, at least in the health sector as it becomes more widespread, like especially because hemp is cheaper to produce than than uh like rope and things like that are.
Yeah, I agree. I agree. Uh the the idealist within me wants it to happen that way. That way we can see, you know, cheaper manufacturing of goods, We can see more locally manufactured goods and things like that because hemp grows very well here in the United States versus versus a lot of other things that are forced to grow in this area.
Yes sir. Yes, sir. All right, well thank you. It was just fun.