No. Yeah. Thanks. Hello, how's it going? Uh huh. Mhm.
so this is the first time you've done this kind of uh survey before.
This is my 6th time.
Oh man, it's all good. Um Do you do any other survey or is it just prolific?
Did
you have to try
like
did you ever try like amazon mturk?
Yeah, that one prolific except way less paying and a lot more work. You have to get like scripts and stuff like that like um and to kind of help you along on the site um What you kind of get the hang of it. Um It can be pretty rewarding. Um But prolific definitely. Uh like the less effort, higher pay. Yeah.
Big
man,
That's what I'd rather do to 100%. It's just it's just way better for that.
Oh no no I work for state government uh to work, work at the welfare office.
How about how about yourself?
man.
Favorite hobby. in my free time.
I probably played the drums. I'm a drummer.
Um I play I play everything. Um But left to just like what I would like the best is like jazz probably. Yeah,
but for
the drums,
for the drums, jazz is very much like you can kind of go off really do your own thing and it's like it's it's the funnest thing to play. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Punk and Sky and all that good stuff, definitely. Uh grew up on punk. Um So that's pretty cool reggae. All that. I like everything man, I would really like everything. How about yourself?
Yeah. Yeah. The medal I gave it away right?
Yeah. I'm not a big pop country guy and gospel. I get it. Not for me I guess. You know what I mean? If given pop country or gospel, I would definitely go the gospel roots, I think.
All right, so it's his own ego.
No, the rhythm you either have or you don't. So I would say the hardest thing is getting more technical and uh you know, maybe you want to be a little flashier, maybe trying harder things, not getting it as quick as you want to get it. But at this point I play the drums since I was a kid. So I mean, we're talking 20 years now, so I mean, pretty much kind of music put in front of me, I
can get down pretty good. Yeah.
And
is it rough?
well,
I mean that's the drummer, that's the drummer, Everyone's like that's that's the dude. So Yeah, yeah,
I mean, just he was there, he like, technically wise, Yeah, that's what we're talking like that level. Um Sometimes, you know hear stuff that's just so complex and it's like really you got to listen to it again again again. But
I would say other than that and probably making money any which way I can. I like stuff like this and stuff like that, like stocks really like investing and shit like that. Yeah I'll
say that take over.
Only in the sense that I would exploit it and buy more stocks whenever freaks out. I think most of the crash has been dealt with. Uh so I'm not really fearing that, I think I'm planning on a rough few quarters ahead of us but I think by Q. three 2021 realistically I think it should be a different picture and that's kind of what I'm banking on so but I think it's a had
what?
real
estate
so green energy. I wouldn't say his gambling that's a pretty safe bet right? Unless you're planning on living in some kind of wasteland pretty soon which
we might understand. I'm not I play every sides. I own oil and I own renewable. I own real estate. I own about 30 positions. I own three E. T. S. Out of those 30 positions. Um risk. I don't play with options unless you have like 100 grand or 200 grand. I don't mess with the options. I can't afford to lose negative exponential amounts of money. That's not my game at all. Um But I do get the idea about it. I mean like don't get me wrong if you're smart, you know what you're doing? I'm sure you can make a lot of money on options but I've never once facing options better. Um So yeah I just I invest in like stuff you're gonna need, pharmaceuticals, um
Internet, basic stuff like that,
Yeah.
I did.
I
I'm
yeah, They're they have kind of been struggling. So I was I was always kind of fearful as I bought them. I bought only the dips so they're around like what, 35 right now I think I haven't bought a share over $30. Um Yeah, it's one of its as far as like pharmaceuticals, it's like my smallest holding over that. I haven't really had they make the remdesivir which is like less and less effective. And then uh Merck Merck pharmaceuticals batman and
then
fighters.
When I when I I like into a segment, I buy like a lot by like a bunch of them and then just see what happens. I think that's the smartest way. We're not really sure. Like you can kind of see in real time how things are working now and that kind of helps you inform the next decision. Yeah.
All
Um Well, I mean, I own Microsoft, which was going to get Tiktok now. It sounds like oracle right now. I wouldn't touch to cock a three ft full uh with a 10 ft pole given it has to get through the Communist Party. So, I mean everyone's really
quick to jump into china, but I mean at the end of the day, the china Communist Party can come in and say no, that's it, we're going to deal with this or no, that's it and they can do whatever they want. So, I mean, you gotta be smart when you're messing with foreign stocks. I own like maybe like three or four foreign stocks and they're very, very safe. S. A. P. Is like a german company, you know, a Canadian oil company, Canadian solar company and I think in Australian mining company. Um but when it comes to overseas stocks, uh I'm a little more shit like conservative. Uh
as
quality
above,
it's
all, it's all of the above, right? I mean I've Boughton stocks just on fundamentals, just like I love this company, they're making money, they're doing the right thing and I pay for too much for them and I've lost money that way. So um I do a bit of both kind of usually charting, I'm looking at the chart and going, okay, where's the month trend is going up, it's going down, you kind of know, I mean everything I have, I'm watching daily, so my advisor based on the relationship to each other, I laid everything out in front of me and I just kind of watch what they're doing in relation to each other.
Oh
what?
Uh I think it's exciting, right? I've used Bitcoin because I've had to, I like playing online poker and so that got taken away from me, so the only way to do it was through Bitcoin, get taken away, like you still do it now, but oh man, I'm hoping God if we can get that back in this country, make America great again, I would be making so much money, you don't even know I would not be doing what I'm doing now. Yeah,
I am so, so I do everything except no limit hold em, so I will play any kind of poker besides no limit, hold em and I can hold my own. I wouldn't, I mean if I was a professional right, I wouldn't be sitting here right now, I'd probably be in Vegas or something like that. But right now even in Vegas you can't, you can't go so
which
I love and I want to see them all go bankrupt because they've got no problem putting me out of a job. So I, I love it. I love
it.
So 33 years here, Omaha, Hi Lo is definitely a good one for me, stud stud, seven Hailo is like my moneymaker Uh really to seven triple draw, Um five card draw, um, raz horse, you know, and they kind of switch everything uh right
do
you do
pot limit or no limit or what?
yeah.
Now do you still play online now?
I'd say yeah, my last year and like, uh
I don't know, the sites got a little steadily shakier and I like started seeing box and I'm like, yeah, right. That explains a few weird tournaments on the tournament, dude. So I mean, um I don't know, everything's just so degraded. What your opinions are, we gonna get this with our whatever president we get, they're gonna it's gonna change I think or now. Uh
Are you
it
you're in a state where you can go play like because you know, there's like New Jersey and Nevada. I mean
are you an
online
privacy?
You make the drive? When are you? Mostly online?
Yeah. Cash. Cash.
That's
thanks. There
you go.
the cash
team
is
super
hard
eight. There you go.
It's you know, but you know, did you do you play a lot back in the online days?
I know that was,
mm. It's a it's a whole other landscape now, I mean I can still win, I have to work so much harder than it's like yeah, you know, at the end, at the end of the day, if it feels like work, it's not fun, it's kind of my it's kind of my rules. I like tournaments because I like the competitive thing, I like being number one, our life number one to, you know, you know when you see your progression and then uh
and I like I like being a nerd and seeing like looking up your stats online and you can be you can see like the, you know, the win rate and the grass and shelling, you know, at the end of the day I want accolades and fucking things by my name and you know, I mean that's almost just as important as the money, it's like
especially
like, like you said, being a little bit younger and you've got the old parts of the table, you know like I'm going to school this kid and you're like yeah fucking all right. You know what I mean?
Oh yeah. I mean that's like all video games, right? The high score at the end. You want you want your initials to be at the top. You know?
That's it. That's that's part of the uh you know, I like being competitive. I don't know if that's such a good thing but is what is
I
thought
hard to keep it hard to keep in check for sure.
1800 bucks.
it was the first place in a stud high low um last year I think two years ago or last year. And yeah, they have more and more of those. But I'm holding out I'm kind of like, you know, I'm kind of like boycotting for like not another dollar until it's until it's like something a little bit more legit or or I'm at the point now move somewhere, you know I mean it's going to be illegal here. Well then whatever. I'm a young man, I got some money saved up. Will do what I want to do
what
I heard
I
heard mushrooms, I was like oh jesus, all right.
I heard I was just in it for the mushrooms but alright,
good for everybody else. It's a good idea.
but
as soon
as you our country
again,
people don't want that. People rather catch you and put you in a cage and make money off that. And my in my state a couple of years ago it was a 10 year mandatory minimum sentence for growing weed. Now everyone and their mother grows weed because they can make a little money off of it. But I'll never forget that a couple of years ago you were going to throw me in the cave And there was no questions asked 10 years. That's that's a society man. Yeah. Right?
But there's not it's not work. It's not really a lot of money being made, there's a lot of money being spent. But like show me the company that's really making a lot of money right now because I don't see one. There's a few one office maybe in the pot industry, but they're not making a lot of money. Yeah,
but
pots pots a hard thing to monetize. Uh It's like, it's not like coca cola, right? Like you can't you can't grow coca cola in your own basement. So when everyone can grow it, I mean like like in Canada, it's just the price just goes lower and lower. And the producers are realizing like they're like their money isn't in producing and selling it in all the weird offering drinks and and all the off stuff. You know the derivative stuff you can make and sell from but I mean the product is just got cheaper and cheaper and we'll get cheaper.
You have, you
have it now
you have you have constellation brands and then uh Altria and Kronos. So you get the cigarette brands owns Kronos and then you've got the alcohol owning constellation brands which makes sense. You know those kinds of tin stocks. Um But Ultra hasn't really done much with it. They put in a I think like a billion and then just sat there and then constellation brands done two billion and for years and it hasn't really gone anywhere. So they dumped in another billion to canopy growth corporation, which is a pretty good stock. I mean both of them are pretty good stock, Kronos and CGC. Um, I don't know, maybe next year. I mean it seems like every couple of years everyone gets excited and then the stock plummets after this,
Well
it
is,
uh, federally, federally, it's 100% okay. In the U. S. And is, yeah. Yeah. That that passed under trump actually. Yeah.
Or
yeah, the stock, you can buy hemp this ticker, H. E. M. P. Um pretty weird. Stock splits all the time and kind of sketchy. Um, but yeah, I think last either last year, the year before. Yeah,
you could get
like
if you really wanted to. I mean I would probably have to go state by state, but that's exactly the thing.
I mean, at least from my understanding now, it's officially okay for like banks to touch him money and like federally, it was like okay thing. Um, but just him. Okay.
We will see. But I'm not betting too much on it.
definitely. I mean, you definitely best off investing in something compassionate about no matter what.
A Good one.