Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Uh huh. And
good. Yourself?
I'm a clean your nose. Um
Exactly as you would as you would expect it to be but not not that way because most people would expect it to be much more complicated. It's just Madeline M. A. D. E. L. I. N. Without any ease. Because I always had a problem that everyone always does it with some random E in in the somewhere. It's become a pac peep.
no worries.
All
Um I'm from Virginia. I lived in Germany up to one year ago so. Okay.
Nova Area yeah it's around half an hour an hour away from the sea. Yeah
and
you,
you could say
so but not exactly have really seemed to see yet so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't been around a lot. Yeah.
No
no I I moved here last summer last summer but we we just don't have a lot of ways to get around and we just didn't have the money to like do stuff and like go to machines and something that that's what we wanted to do. But initially plants just kind of changed and with Covid too, which is kind of didn't work when
you come
from
the expiry,
that's that's that's brave during these times.
Yeah.
Hey?
Yeah. Anyone close who would prove it?
That's
good.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Here.
luckily,
no, we have household has nine people at eight of them are kids. And uh well no, not eight kids is a is a strong term. No, wait, I'm one of them too, but I know
the kids go into father and then they have seven kids, that's that. Uh and they don't read the most cleanly you could say washing hands and touch this, not bringing too much of a thing for most of them. My uh fiance, who I live here with does wash his hands and such. But otherwise, yeah, households are really keen on that. And the father, for example, doesn't really believe in masks and such as one of the people. And uh,
but that's, that's the thing. You go grocery shopping and go see his friends and such and he never does. And, and the kids also go like to bible study, you know, see certain people and during
these
times.
That's what I'm saying too. But somehow everyone was like, yeah, but I don't get anything bad won't affect me. And it's just a flu.
that's why I'm saying to, you know, that's a girl. No, many more people die. You have to fool around just like that doesn't work that way. I mean, yeah, because the flu is much more widespread and it has been that much longer. But yeah.
The best rate full of flu is much lower than the one for Covid. That's improvement by now. Most studies. It's just
what?
whatever.
Uh
there have been many cases where people didn't know that they had anything that made them more of a bad case for Covid and then suddenly yeah, there you go. I went off. So for example, my my fiancee's mom, she she's just kind of like going off the rails at the moon. Nobody really knows what's going on and she just come out, drives around all the time just seeing random people doing random stuff and nobody really knows what she does. And she's constantly on the way going to Mcdonald's going to that fast food chain, going around telling people and she has severe asthma. She doesn't want mass and wash her hands either. And if she gets a Yeah.
And
her kids, of course, a lot of the girls probably have asthma too. They have to the symptoms of ask my logs from and in this house to like,
Reference.
You
know.
think
I would
just like I would just like bunker myself and have groceries a little bit to me and that's it. Until until I'm saved outside again. I think I wouldn't I mean I already bunker myself in here because I don't really know what I have. I've been dealing with some health problems and I don't have really the best track record medically. I was over three years, nobody knew what was up, turned out a compression syndrome. Had to have surgery for it. And yeah, that has not been a fun period of my life back.
No,
no, because I had to have open Mcdonald's surgery. Like it was essentially I couldn't eat really a lot. I was kind of like for three years I was just kind of like eating dry toast was the only thing I hate dry toast and only a piece and then wait a few minutes until the pain and the pressure sub science and even another. And that was kind of going on for those three years. And you can imagine I was really, really underweight. I was waiting like 38 kg kilograms. You probably don't know what is that exactly?
I
think
it was £88 but I'm not sure anymore.
I don't know what your vote because I I just grew up with kilograms and centimeters for me. So I can't yet I can't deal with american systems but
self
is a far higher too. But I mean you need you guys
role.
Almost always forget that other english speaking countries also use kill grass and meeting but sometimes it seems like America english. It's Australia english that same thing. What?
I mean of course the U. K. And so I know because they're like very close now so yeah I know to of course then in America but sometimes it's just kind of like it feels like more similar to America than they are to europe.
probably
probably it's a I would I would assume but I don't know initiative just from what I've heard. I would assume that they are also more loud and open like americans are compared to most Europeans. Yeah. Okay. Oh my God,
No.
I
don't know.
Well that's interesting.
You're on.
It's
good
tone
down american
can.
What
is why?
Oh, that's weird.
You
know?
it's,
it's
like the kid
lord.
I mean he lived in new york, especially that uh, it's a little more
from everything I've heard at least know.
No, no, I have not. I'm valley left this house.
Come on.
Can
I help
you?
someone who always, always had overwhelmed, but even just a little little small town train systems. Yeah. I don't think I would. I would fare well. Yeah.
What
does
it
mean?
France.
probably. Yeah.
Come
on.
mm
Now
have
you been to other countries besides Australia?
that's also
bad.
I
friend who frequently goes to Japan lately, she always tells me how great it is.
that's okay.
Israel.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. You've
been around,
Well, I haven't done a lot of traveling. I was in the Netherlands a couple of times. Denmark, Right. That's,
that's pretty much what you were saying here. But
I've been with my father at a friend's house. I remember I was so a child, so I don't remember too much of it. I remember there was a very tasty fish that they had like in a jar with like some yellow sauce. I wish
I knew what it was because I was so delicious. I still remember it. I can never find it when I google it.
You
know,
I've tried it suddenly. I could not.
I should do that on Reddit or something.
I
will definitely go back. I mean I don't know when yet. Maybe not even Germany but europe or something around that area. That's definitely where my heart is and where I always will be drawn back to the U. S. I mean I have been here and I've read some people haven't seen all of it of course, but it's just not the same. It's you're getting a little homesick.
I mean another country for me it is more like european countries for me. Uh I would so like for example in the UK I would like to move to the UK if I could. But that's it. It's just not the same as America because America and german culture just very very different. And the entire like you can you can just imagine that it's very different for me. It's just almost uncomfortable. For example, when someone meets on the street so you don't even know, they're like oh, how are you are for me that's like mm especially
once you know that how are you? He is more of a greeting than building a question. So you're just like, say good and you know, it's like it feels so Owen genuine to me in a way, it's just one of the many things that kind of show how this culture is very different from mine and I mean I could get used to it but would really be what I want out of the country where I live in Well I think, and I also like cooler climates. Yeah.
that's
the thing I did when I first came here, I kept doing it. People, my fiancee's run just constantly asked me how are you? I would be like, oh they asked me how I'm like, oh yeah, right. I'm well, I don't know, home cigar sold, I don't know, confused and stuff and then it just kind of like stopping and attracts and be like, okay, I was always just thinking like did anything wrong, I don't know anything about face. Uh huh.
All
Cook
another
surviving.
The
time.
Yeah, I'm
fine,
I'm holding on, holding on.
Not
yet,
bro. Wouldn't tell me anything of and then followed. It's like the rhine the kind go with Ryan goes through all the vine yards on the sides. Uh That probably doesn't tell us,
you
know, Frankfurt problem because that's a big,
my dad works at the appointed Frankfurt so it's not too close but it's like now away way.
It's some kind of, you could say that it's more like a historical very very historical bends area. A lot of people living there. It's a big tourist area. I worked in a hotel bill in a five star hotel which it didn't deserve five stars but it's just not mentioned. That was a very old. So I think 500 years old and it wasn't that's kind of what got me into this hotel because it looked fantastic like stained glass windows and everything and very old furniture and this very old charm which I really loved old paintings so work them and it was just always laughter as well. It's like the Rhine river in the middle of the valley and the scientists, just vineyards and uh on the sides that's just everything all tells very soon. Everything after, especially from Japan and the U. K. I don't know why those two countries were
it
wasn't,
it was a beautiful area if I could. That was just, I think it was the most beautiful area I've ever lived in. Just castles around you. You're just looking out the window was just castle ruins on the mountains nearby. It's just such a beautiful area. And I mean it's, it's even onto drones because it's known to be the, uh, the stone consider the city of like the area of poets and artists where love one came.
Yeah, I miss
it
is, it is tranquil if you're not around because our house of course was not exactly then you can imagine japanese tourists are very, is on a very bothers them. They just kind of like going around taking photos and then they move on and from the UK that was mostly just old old people. I mean there were the world, younger people too who would just go around and drunk because I mean there's a lot of wine to be had everything good wine, but still, I mean usually you don't really have any trouble there and uh, people just having fun. It's kind of like part of the area's culture. For example, there's something called the toss of the Gaza, which is a very, very old historical street. We're just known from old accounts, very old accounts and that's like a tavern just ran on and people just get drunk all the time to the residents in that areas can know that people just stumble around the streets that night. But that's one of those areas and if you know that, I've never really had any problems with noise, wow. It was always absolutely beautiful even when I like worked there and I had to go to school because I worked there. I don't know how you call the english, but in general you train for a job and then you do school next to it, like a big school one week, you do something at the company or at the hotel in my case. And during this time when I went to the school I would have to take a train and my train was like from the platform you could see the rhine river and during winter that would just be these very big laughs of fogs rising up on the right. It looks so magical almost. Well yeah I walk up at like five a.m. But I still was in a good mood just because I saw that fresh air. Uh and then I just drive by because my train would always drive by the river at a spot where there's a castle exactly in the river. It's, it's like built in the river, You can only access it by taking a boat heads. It's like, it's so cool
the
way I don't even know.
hey.
Jeff.
it,
thank
you.
It seemed that where you get very well, your surroundings are very smells of visuals. It does make you feel much more alive and you're, I came from, I grew up in like a ghetto time until I was 12. I was growing up very like ugly neighbor, look a lot of nature at all. And then my father took me into his house and that was like in the middle of nowhere, a village with 600 residents and there was just forest around doing something that would be balls down the, near the houses with a little piglets and it was
just
that there was a mountain I would frequently go onto were like local myths and legends around. It was always just so exciting to go on there because apparently they were like, uh, kelt, apparently we're on that mountain had, they're like, oh, houses up there. It's like a ritual life kind of place from what I've heard from local historians and also as far as I would frequently go in with my dogs and I was just actually beautiful. At first it had to have some getting used to because vessel stars, there's nothing you can really go to. But after having lived for many years, it's just like I can't be with other anymore. My fiance sleeps with like a noisemaker with the white noise maker that constantly goes and I always left with total silence always create in the background and I can't stand this constant background noise but you can't stand silent. So uh huh
I
made a compromise that he can have as long as machine because he can sleep without it. But my support is in the best sense. So
I mean
we can
hold
on.
Yeah. Yeah. Always also go very very late to bed and also the time I felt just sweeps and I was like silently trying off the noise machine because once once he once he sleeps it doesn't bother me anymore. Once it's off.
No, no. The thing is old.
Maybe I should get him earbuds because I know why he reads you often listens to white not brown noise. Sometimes this is the brown. I don't even know what the difference is between Brown
was
quite
you
listen to that why I read so. Maybe maybe maybe
that
will be
I
just have it running on his phone and this is as well as well as I don't hear. It doesn't bother me.
We've
got an extra material.
What's
that
to me
to
do
Happy
Fall of july. Thanks.
I
The
people.