Hello. How are you?
Good. What's your name?
Ariel. How do you spell your name?
Gotcha. Yeah I wasn't sure if I heard you correctly so I wanted to save them.
Yeah. Yeah. Where are you from? Where
you calling from?
you in um like the like the dtc part of Virginia or like further south?
Got it. Okay.
Yeah so like
the D. C. Part of Virginia I guess
going out.
Oh so you're you're new to that area
not to did you just did you just move there like during the pandemic and that's why you haven't seen
D. C.
For
and
I live in Brooklyn in new york city. Um
I
I want it it's interesting. I mean it's not as bad now as it was you know new york city I think is no longer the epicenter. Uh That it was like in april um
you know it's like texas and California and all the other areas that are seeing like really sharp increases because of all the reopening of like restaurants, bars and and that kind of thing. So um network, I mean our numbers are still declining, which is good. Uh We're like slowly reopening also but not not that quickly. Uh So I think we're gonna see how it goes. But yeah it's been like a very weird
kind of months.
So I know a few people who did test positive but nobody who like had a really serious case so nobody
is going
to go to the hospital or anything like that. But
um yeah I do know a few people who are teachers or my friend who works at a hospital but she's not a doctor,
so people who got it in kind of like sort of expected places. Um
But uh yeah thankfully, I mean everyone I know is is fine, which is really nice. Um Yeah, but how about you, do you do you know anyone who has been
impacted?
And
Well I guess if you're staying home, you know, it's not really so much of an issue like the hand washing and that kind of thing. It's really only obviously if you are like going places, which
let's
name
for us. I mean I've been fine so far obviously. Which is nice. But you know like if there are people who you live with who aren't taking precautions, they put other people at risk.
Yeah. I I mean it is until it's not
that's not actually really true. I think anymore if the flu is it's not the same. No.
I have I have some friends who are similarly kind of like cavalier about everything. I mean again like people, people are still like taking precautions. I don't know anybody who doesn't wear men must wash their hands, but I do know people who are kind of like, well,
if I get it,
thank you. Yeah, I won't be so bad, I'm healthy and whatever, and I'm like, yeah, but like there are healthy people who end up in the hospital and some of them die, like it's like, yes, obviously if you're in your twenties or your thirties and you like you exercise and eat well, like you're generally healthy, of course you're going to be at less risk, but doesn't mean you're immune. Um
It's
that's it. And you hope not obviously,
but
that's that's so wild to me that someone who like actually has some sort of like pulmonary I think is so uninterested in
taking precautions that are easy. It's not like you have to give yourself a daily shot or whatever, you don't have to like this, it's like whatever, it's annoying, especially now that it's 90 degrees here is, I don't love wearing a mask outdoors, like, you know, it's just like, it's so hot, but it's a very small price to pay for, do what you can and like I like, I don't have asthma, like I'm relatively healthy, healthy, I was like, I'm not like a high risk or anything,
but like
it still feels like, well, I could like wear this mask and do a little bit to preserve my own health and certainly the health of other people that if I were carrying and didn't know, but like if I had asthma, I don't, I mean, I don't know that I'd leave the house at all um
be
clarified.
That's still going on
or now that they know what it is, it's fine,
No I
do if that's like uh
what's that, like £90?
it's like two, I think it's kilograms to pounds is like 2.2.
it's insane that we don't use the same system as the rest
of the world but
yeah, I only really can do that because I lived in Australia for six months when I was in college
which wasn't which was a kind of a long time ago at this point, but I got used to the kilograms like pounds conversion and also the Celsius to Fahrenheit conversion um but I obviously don't use it so much anymore.
Yeah, we're really we're really on our own here, we just kind of all prefer to be unique and do our own thing.
uh Yeah, I mean in some ways probably but um not not in the terms of their measurement like they it's
just that's really
I mean I I can't speak for all of Australia but I mean my
interactions they're like people were definitely like very open, very friendly. I don't I wouldn't say it was loud in the obnoxious sense that I
think
people think americans are and right for. So I mean like a lot of americans are very loud and obnoxious. I didn't get that sense that much
more just kind of like Australians are very laid back.
It's very just like everyone's down to her and they are like again really like friendly and open but it's
like I
just
want more
more
chill um You know and I remember like when I was there because I was in college we wanted to rent a car to go somewhere and you couldn't rent a car, because like, here you can rent a car less than 25 or something,
and there I think
it was, I think, well, I think it's 20 if you're if you're under 25 you have to pay extra fees.
Um But I definitely, I don't, I think, I don't think you can rent a car here at like 16, or whenever you have a driver's license. I think it might be like, I don't know if it's 18 or 21 but I think if it's if you're under 25 years to pay extra, and in Australia, I think there was a similar, it wasn't 25 but some sort of like age that
we were,
we were not that age, and we were like, like, what can we do? And they're like, no worries are ago. And then,
and we were like, we wanted to, when we were talking about returning it, we were getting back like kind of late at night and we were like oh we we think we might want to return it when you're going to be closed, like what do we do? And they're like just parking in the lot and leave the key in it and then
just go
fine.
I think it's you want to leave it here, you don't have to like pick it in with anybody, like no just whatever whenever you believe it, like they're so laid back. Um and like that's that's really what I like associate with Australia, I mean after living there for a few months, it's just that like they're really just like very chill, which is really nice because like we're not americans are not not chill.
that's that's true, it's we're not um new york is not really chilled. Uh huh. Yeah.
No. Have you have you been here, Your city?
Yeah, it's great. I mean I'm from here originally, although I grew up mostly in New Jersey, but um I think new york city is great, you know all of the, all of the bad things that anyone ever says about it are also true, like it's expensive and it's dirty and it's like pretty ugly for a city I think. Um and there are a lot of obnoxious people but it's also really great, like there's just so much here and the people are people are actually not really obnoxious I think unless you are like a tourist who's trying to ask someone for directions during rush hour, when the person is like just trying to get to work kind of thing. For the most part, like new Yorkers are really helpful because they want,
they want you to know that they know like their way around. So a lot of times if someone is like on the subway train and they're trying to look at the little map and like the new york subway map is insane if you don't like if I if you just came from anywhere else and wouldn't and they are not familiar with our transit system, there's no way you can decipher them that it's bonkers because there's so many different trains that they like all the different colors intersect, like it's impossible and if they
see you looking people be like where are you trying to go?
they
did that help you. Like I will help you. Um
it's I mean it's like once
you know
it
it's great
and I mean I love our transit system, I don't have a car, anything here. But yeah, it's the maps are hard and navigating. It is just a challenge, especially on weekends because there's a lot of construction and then sometimes like the trains are doing other things than what they're supposed to do because of construction and there's stuff being rerouted and half of the cars like you can't really hear the intercom system that well, so you know, they're making an announcement that's like telling you how to redirect your trip, but you can't understand where they're saying because it's like so mumbly. But um as an adventure I think um and I'm I'm grateful to have learned the transit system here because I'm really, I'm just like unafraid of taking public transportation anywhere else now
um because I figure like can't really get worse this uh
I mean can I guess to an extent, but if it's like an
organized
transit system it works. Um you know, if there's like a map that you can read like I will happily take that bus or that train system. But like I visited a friend I guess like a year and a half ago now who um I met her when she was living here, but she's from Peru originally and so she moved back there to be with her family and I went to visit her and we took I guess technically I would call it a bus or call it buses like when we were there around the city, but like it's not um
she lives in a city called Arequipa and it's it's not one central transit system, it's just like many different bus companies all doing their own roots and they're not even really bust is there? Like some of them are minivans, some of them are minibusses, they're like not some of them are marked, some of them are not marked. There's certainly no bus stop. I don't know how you find information about it, but like basically they just like she, she knew where to go because it was her city. So we like, she managed to like flag down one of these minivans and we hopped in like tons of people and not enough seating and everyone's like crowded and like at some point they take your um, your dollar and then like you just jump out kind of whenever and like, I'm not sure that I would have been able to do that, but I don't even know that I would have known how to um, but like any sort of organized transit system I think is,
you know, it's
great living.
Um, Yeah, I've been to a bunch. I mean I don't do it, I don't do as much international travel as I would like but in the last fall I went to Japan for 2.5 weeks which
was,
it was so great. Um It was definitely like the very top of my traveling
bucket lists,
it's so cool. Um It's just like it's everything I really wanted it to be in that. It was like the food was really great, it was as weird as I thought it would be, but also not weird and everything in Japan is so orderly and so clean and like their transit system is like they're never late um Everything I mean it's it's insane like actually there, I don't even know if they call it a subway but like their trains in Tokyo some of the stations are so big that like they have exits that are all numbered and like you know it's a one through a whatever and be one because there's just like so many different ways to get in it and there's like sometimes underground malls in there and when you look at google maps, it's actually really helpful because it tells you what exit to enter and leave at, so you get off the train and the google maps is like exit at B three to like be closest to your hotel or whatever, but like if you are not paying attention you will walk like you missed the turn for B. Three and then you've walked seven minutes in the wrong direction and I'm just like oh God but but the trains they're really cool and like they're all they're like very, again they're like super orderly and everything is on time and very clean and
japanese people are rule followers, so like it's really orderly, like when you're waiting for the train there's like designated spots on the platform where everyone kind of like makes a line. Um It was great, I had so much fun. Um I've been to also a few, not Germany but a few other countries in western europe. I've been to France spain, the U. K. I've been to Israel twice, although not recently.
Uh Mexico and Canada, that's the most people that have been to Mexico and Canada at some point. Um
Yeah
in peru
so
yeah, you know I try I try I mean it's hard to plan international travel because you always want to really spend like a really good amount of time there, but then you can't like you can't take a month off work, I can maybe some people can but um have you done a lot of traveling I assume within europe at least being from Germany?
The
I have been to Denmark, I forgot about that too, or I was only in Copenhagen for like three days but
and
I was going to say you can probably google
it and somebody else is like talking about
it, but
we need to find like a danish person and describe it to them and be like what is this? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um Do you think are you like, do you think you will ever go back to Germany or you like here like here in the United States like for
good.
Yeah, no I mean I think that that totally makes sense. I mean I've never, I've never lived that the furthest I've lived from my home aside from when I lived in Australia for a semester in college, but I mean when I went to school in boston which is only like four hours from here, so I've never really been that far from my parents or anything. Um I don't know, I don't even I don't even know like what I can't even never fathom like living in another country. Um
and
I think it is very true actually that how are you is really, it's a way of saying hello, it's not really a question. I mean I think there are times where people say it as a question and mean it as a question, but for the most part it's really just like like if you respond with how you're actually doing who could you can like make it awkward? It's
like
You know it's true. I mean that's funny like I guess if you you have to be prepared I guess for people to tell you how they actually are I think, but I guess if you're really not um uh I think what's interesting is that like in the last few months like the standard response has changed. So like nobody really says good anymore because like nobody's no one's really that good, like the world is like falling apart, it feels like. And so I think for the most part, people like when you say how are you, everyone's
like I'm like okay
or like
like that's that's like the standard responses like has been lowered from like yourself to say that you're good to your, like I'm like I don't know
are you saying like I guess I'm as good as I can be all things bettered thing? I think as people say like well all
things
considered I'm fine like for in the beginning of the pandemic that everyone was always like well you know I mean like I'm healthy and my family is healthy and I'm grateful for that and you know like otherwise the world is terrible what like what people but now it's kind of just like you're like oh how are you? And you're like uh I'm like surviving. Yeah
and that's
like
yeah I feel like I'm not
I don't know like I'm still I'm still
here. Yeah but you know it's very interesting where in Germany like what part of Germany you from?
No but that
sounds lovely.
Yeah.
So is it if it's if there's a lot of vineyards there it's more like countryside type of area?
interesting. That's very interesting.
No
that sounds that sounds really nice.
Yeah that sounds lovely.
That sounds really nice. That
sounds like very I guess because there's a lot of tourists it's not tranquil but it sounds like it's very pretty. Which
Let's see your
pool.
Yeah. No that sounds incredible. I mean I can't really picture living in a place like that. I've never lived somewhere that like I mean like when I was in New Jersey growing up like it's a suburb so it's whatever but I've never really lived somewhere where there was like a lot of nature around so that's what I love nature and I love fresh air and I don't I don't get a lot of fresh air necessarily but not
not like I mean it's not china right like new york city like their quality is actually okay and I live in a part of new york city that's pretty residential, but you know like when I when I do get out into fresh air not often, but like I usually try to go to colorado at least once a year. I have a lot of friends there and like usually about hiking and
stuff and like going up into the mountains and you just bringing and you're like oh this is like what nice air
feels like. It's like it's it's um what's the word I'm looking for, it makes you feel alive, It's like wow and then there's like stars in the sky which
I definitely
get here.
Do
you think?
That would also drive me nuts. I mean even growing up like in a not as rural as that, but like I can't sleep with noise either, I don't think I can handle having a noise machine
in room.
I just, I feel like you're just one of those things are going to have to get used to.
I mean like my
parents, like my dad snores
so loud, like the
loudest story I've ever heard in my whole life and my mom, the way that my mom deals with it is she goes to bed first. So she's like, if I am already asleep okay, like if, but if and which, which also like my dad also goes to bed at like two o'clock in the morning because he's just like, that's like, he's like a night owl kind of person. So it works out fine anyway because my mom always wants to go to bed before him anyway. But so she's like, if I'm already asleep and they've been married for like 40 years. So she's like I have to go to bed first and then it's fine because like the snoring doesn't wake me up. But like if I were to wake up in the middle of the night and he was snoring like forget it.
Oh I feel like I couldn't put it on a tire.
Hello? There's there's got to be like a new type of one. Or even like an app for your phone or something that doesn't do anything. But it shuts off after like however long you set it for like so that way you don't have to manually turn it off in the middle of the night. It just goes off after whatever. Like an hour or something.
I've
heard
of them. I don't
know. The difference is to be honest
I feel
like
to look into it your buds and then like some more modern, a more modern machine that has a timer so that like the white noise just not just going like the
whole night.
Yeah. Right. Um All right. Well, should we like sign off I guess because it's then we've done a 25 minutes.
But
yeah, but it was it was really nice to meet you. I hope
you enjoy
the
rest
of
your weekend. And good luck. Good luck with them. I don't know everything. So the white noise machine and living in
Virginia and all that stuff.
You too.
Like it's not really your holiday, but hopefully that's in barbecue or
something.
That's like what we do here. Bye.