Hi, how are you
doing? Well
I'm jess,
nice to meet you.
Where are you located approximately?
I'm in Ohio.
Not too far. You around Chicago
or somewhere else?
Well
I
was
gonna say hopefully you're in an area with less covid.
that's good. Yeah I just moved here a little over a year ago so I don't know many people so I don't get to go anywhere. Mhm.
I'm originally from new Hampshire, moved to Cleveland to go to school, got my masters and then I'm in the process of applying to medical
school.
yeah a lot of school. How about you? What are you studying
texas?
that makes sense. So where are you in terms of your education, are you senior or?
good for you.
It's
as long as you graduate with that degree and I imagine cybersecurity is in very high demand right now.
well we're all spending all our time on the internet, so.
exactly. Hopefully by the time you graduate we will he passed
this whole covid thing.
that's
six.
I had my graduation in the spring via zoom, it was kind of terrible.
I went to college in California and my graduation it was about 100°.. I would have preferred not having the in person graduation personally because I felt like I was going to die.
I went to USC so my graduating class was incredibly large and then after that you had to go to a department graduation and of course they dressed us all in black.
what you wanted to. 100°..
mm. So do I, it's
just there's a limit, especially if you're in all black. Mhm.
I lived in Chicago for a couple of years, it was pretty terrible.
Yeah I I ended up moving to Ohio and I honestly the weather is terrible but I love it not the weather but the location, yeah
We
have
three cities
yep the three C's Cleveland, columbus and Cincinnati. Um
I'm outside of Cleveland so Yes I have city. It's
it's a weird city
in the sense that it's a city that was built for about a million people and there's only about 400,000 residents so um there's no traffic which is
blessed change.
Yeah Chicago is so heavy on trains to.
No it was not my favorite city that I've lived
in Canada say not where I want to go back.
Fair enough.
I lived in California. I went to college in California. I never made it to san Francisco.
Yeah I was in L. A. I walked a lot in L. A. Although I will not say that L. A. Is a particularly walking friendly city. Uh huh. But when I was there this was years ago um there wasn't a whole lot of public transit so kind of either walking or driving. And 1st 2 years of college I didn't have a car.
No I have a feeling none of us are going to be traveling too much in your future.
So I know a lot of colleges are doing exclusively online after thanksgiving break. Is that what your school is doing?
No it's it's insane.
I know Illinois is pretty bad and uh were pretty bad.
I know is I think one of the 12 states that requires a 14 day quarantine in Ohio now.
no I haven't either, although I got really sick in March and I suspect I might have had it, but at that point here, if you weren't hospitalized and you didn't work in healthcare, you couldn't get a test. So.
I think the capabilities didn't come online for a few months.
My sister and her husband had to quarantine because somebody he worked with tested positive and
Yeah. Well both their jobs required even if they tested negative that they had to quarantine for two weeks, so. Mhm.
for her, she works at a school, so obviously they don't want faculty spreading to the kid and he's in the military um where they apparently don't wear masks
nick.
Well he came home and exposed my sister, so,
Yeah, so they had to be home for two weeks, which was very delightful for their dog.
yep. Mine is snuggled up against my hip.
I I had my dog before quarantine so she's not a quarantine puppy but she already had she already had separation anxiety so she is not going to be thrilled if I get into medical school and I'm gone.
Before quarantine
um I took her to daycare on a pretty regular basis
although I don't think I want to continue that daycare have. It just gets so expensive. But
yeah she she loves flying with other dogs. She does not like being left
alone. I went to the gym one day and she ate a chair, I went
to the gym another day and she escaped my locked apartment and I spent several hours looking for her.
Well mine got the deadbolt on my front door unlocked and let herself
out the door. And
then about
two additional
doors
a little too smart. We now own a deadbolt
cover.
it's,
yep, I have to tie mine closed with a scarf because I have levers for door knobs which would not have been my first choice,
but so I tie
the bedroom door closed so she doesn't go in there and destroy stuff, but she's got
plenty of stuff to destroy and the rest of my apartment unfortunately.
No, no, no, no, that would be far too easy and simple. It
it's Yeah, I have, she's about a £40 little
hound dog, so she's not huge but she's a creature who has somehow figured out how to take up my entire double bed. Yeah, by going after the middle of the night, I have to
kind of curl myself around her because she has
expanded.
Yeah. I told a friend, I swear they're made of like gas because they just expand to fill whatever space they have,
they do. It's a good thing. They're cute because they do get destructive.
My
sister's dog at one point when she was a puppy eight. Both the back seat belts in my sister's car. Yeah.
No multiple trips.
she's gotten better. Mine is still working on
the getting out of the chewing everything phase. But
yeah, she's minus three now. My sisters is 9.5, so she's out of puppy hood.
I think that's a cat thing from my understanding.
I just can't with the holidays coming up. No mistletoe, no poinsettias.
My understanding
is they're both poisonous to cats.
I think
we
are