Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Hello
favor.
Yeah, you did. I've had two of these end after five minutes because nobody showed up. Yeah.
Have you done some of these before?
Yeah, me too.
I think so.
how
are you doing?
I'm
doing,
I'm David I'm doing well too.
Okay. I'm
in texas. Yeah, not
too far apart.
let's see.
I've
got
the people
and colorado and California. I don't know where else, I don't remember.
Yeah, but so how's your summer going?
that's
me.
Yeah. I prefer to stay inside during august at least. Yeah,
I'm a teacher
We
start backing up on monday.
Have they closed? Okay. Is that is that like the public schools or what?
Great.
We were
one of those
states as well. I think it was like florida Georgia texas
Arizona. Uh huh.
Yeah, sometimes I feel that way uh this informed at least. Yeah.
stubborn certainly. Yeah.
Yeah. But I actually grew up in Nebraska.
yeah I moved down here for work so
in Omaha Cook.
from job Joplin Nebraska
Missouri. Okay. I was wondering. Okay. I've heard of
dropping,
I've heard of Joplin
Missouri but not Joplin Nebraska.
It's
here
or is that? I think it's about a seven hour drive. I actually go through Joplin when I when I drive back home sometimes.
Oh is he?
Moved into uh
like a brand new house or something right before the
tornado.
goodness.
That is really scary. And coming from Georgia I mean were you in Georgia before?
No.
I was just gonna say maybe you hadn't experienced tornadoes before at all.
but that Joplin tornado that was really nasty.
thanks.
Did it
damage
your apartment building?
huh.
Well so I grew up in Nebraska like I said and if we had a tornado warning we always went to the basement
but
we don't
have those here in texas very often.
Brett
we did yeah. Yeah it's pretty I mean pretty severe. We never there was never really a bad one that came
through Omaha when I lived there
but there were warnings about the time every summer. Yeah.
And here we live with enough to the coast that every once in a while a hurricane will head our way. It's not a hurricane. By the time it reaches us we're
pretty far north we get some bad storms that way.
Uh huh.
You know, you know? No.
Three.
Oh
No
of
course. Especially
nowadays I just
lost
your
I just lost your camera.
I can still hear you.
I don't know. Well I can still hear you anyway. I was going to be um here yeah we live in the pine forest so if there's a if there's a big windstorm will lose power pretty quickly but like you said they're very they're very quick to come out and fix it usually.
Just thinking about the next day in no air conditioning.
Of course. Yeah. That is the nice thing that you can still have internet usually. Yeah.
So how are the twins doing, do you know?
drink.
Well,
he
must have been going crazy during the early part of lockdown. Well all wards removal.
that's
You
know I
used to like baseball but, but lately I only pay any attention when the playoffs are starting. Yeah. So
no.
But he still got, he got it back eventually. I yeah.
So
you
spread like when you were in Joplin, maybe you were fans of the Cardinals.
He is right.
I was just gonna say, yeah, I grew up in Omaha like I said where we have the farm team for the Kansas City Royals. So we would travel to Kansas city quite a bit and go watch those games. Yeah.
Yes. The barbecue is good there. I
like
the barbecue were next to the
like them your style.
What
what is there like a kind of meat that they specialize in or is it just the sauce?
or something?
I had
no
idea.
Yeah, I always
like,
I like
vinegary things. I like mustardy barbecue sauce or spicy.
I feel like that might be like a Carolina thing or something. I'm not sure which one um
here
here in texas. It's it's brisket, that's the specialty.
It's
very good.
Mhm.
yeah.
Yeah, we kind of want to get to get us.
boil them after they cook in the instapot. Yeah. Okay
well
we like
to make a lot of the soup from scratch
so that's one thing I would really like it for.
get
with
the pressure. Yeah.
Well
it's true the jester cookers can really be dangerous. Yeah. And.
Yeah that would be great because I think chili tastes so much better if you make it from dry beans. Uh
Yeah I mean we don't do it that often. Usually we just buy canned beans so much faster.
Not so much in the summer but I still I still made it a few times during quarantine because it's
one of the
indian
things
to make.
it's a good dish and it doesn't it's not that complicated.
that's sort of yeah that's a northern thing. Especially
like
matty in Cincinnati they have like their own style chili that has always has um I think pasta in it. Sometimes they add cinnamon to the sauce.
Yeah it's good.
I
don't know they might add some nutmeg to. I think that might be good and
it's like a weird sauce. It's like thinner chili.
And
then
six
I've heard of using nutmeg and um mashed potatoes which I started doing and he's a little bit, it goes really well. The cream and the butter and stuff.
Maybe
if you think well I mean usually when I'm making mashed potatoes it's only like at the holidays it's all making a huge portion. No I probably went like that a few a few times and maybe
especially with spaghetti
You
don't
want to taste like christmas
cookies or something.
That's what they call the cookies where you throw everything in, Right?
we got
into making a sour dough over the last few months.
it was a big trend. So yeah we have a sourdough starter and I'm still feeding it not making as much these days.
But
I
do,
but I wasn't, I wasn't using it for the sour dough. I did the sour dough in the oven. Yeah.
You if you, if you want to make sour though, you really don't need much at all except for a time. That was the one thing we had in abundance over the last few
Well you can. Yeah, I mean they have the these popular recipes these days that are like no need. All you gotta do is have to pull it a few times and like flip it over, fold it over. Uh It's just, it takes a long time to let it rise and all that sort of stuff. But the actual physical labor involved is pretty minimal. Mm.
No.
Uh even when it didn't turn out that good, like it didn't rise that well or whatever, it was still good to eat. So I was pretty happy with every single loaf. There was love where I burned the crust pretty bad and that was that was the worst. But it wasn't, it wasn't like I could eat it. Yeah,
so
it's pretty
good.
And
I also
getting all that bread, it helped
me gain about £20 over quarantine as well.
it's
pretty
good though.
A while ago. Yeah.
that's really good.
So
outback steakhouse has a very similar bread. Have you been there before?
have like a dark rye bread. I don't know if it's a library, but it's dark anyway.
But
butter helps
Yeah.
I've been wanting to make a rye bread but I can't get any ride this summer.
Can't buy it anywhere.
Well
I mean
usually it's available in the grocery store
just like a bag of rice flour.
You're
using the ground. Yeah. Oh I mean you could you could probably get seeds too if you want if some people grind their own.
like that stuff. I mean especially like loaves of bread that have lots of different things and like seeds and nuts and stuff. Yeah.
We like that stuff a lot. There's a there's a brain called Dave's good bread I think it's called. We
like
that.
My wife makes that from time to time. It's it's okay. It's not bad. It's
not something I get too excited about.
Not usually I've had it that way.
why
not? Example? Yeah, The
only thing
I won't beat when it comes to tuna is that this tuna melt that um I guess my wife grew up eating like her family made it using like the pre made biscuit though and like it's like tuna melt inside of a biscuit or something, it was awful. I, I can't eat it,
it sounds
bad.
You
made it
one time. I wasn't a fan and so I don't think we've had it again.
both
Oh
the furniture, right,
onions or something, Yeah.
well
we do
that
with,
we use those onions for like green bean casserole. Probably everybody's seen that before. Just
the classic
Open
three different hands
and throw them together basically.
Mhm
that's gonna make it, yep. Mhm. But
well,
I sure did, I'll
be working on that in the coming months.
I teach college, teach math,
what
everybody said. Yeah,
rote memorization and stuff like that. It's kind of unfortunate because the stuff that I really like about it that made me want to pursue it, you don't really get to learn until you get to college or maybe later on in high school. So
well just like um I guess proofs like the idea that like you said you were taught a formula or just to use numbers and letters with no sort of understanding of what it means, but when you actually see what's behind all the formulas and why they work and you and you feel like you understand it makes it more fun. At
least it did for me.
Well
that's probably like yeah in order of operations thing where they have to, you're supposed to, there's a standard for which one you do first and if you didn't follow that standard you'll get a different answer. Sure.
yep. Well
it's about that time actually and I just
got an extra my wife, you need to pick my daughter up so
and
it's
good enough
for you.
Thank you. Yeah well have a good day.
Nothing
we can do.