Hi. Not
so fun. Yeah.
right in the world? Oh. Oh well that's too bad.
Mhm. This is my 4th 1.
Yeah. Um Now you know I just wrote him an email because I thought in the instructions that said the four was the limit to get paid for.
But I've lost my instructions somewhere so you know, so I hadn't send some more but I just didn't want to. I mean I know it's four I'm sure it's for but the rest of it I couldn't remember. So but
it's a
to meet you county. I'm doing
well.
How are you?
Good, good. I'm in Georgia.
Texas.
No
not too far. The first person I talked to was in texas. So yeah,
maybe
you know
him
I've
talked to texas and florida and that's it. Just. Just say so.
It's going good. It's of course slow because of Covid but uh and too hot to do anything outside and I'm not
an outside
person anymore. I'm okay.
yeah. What do you do for a living? You're
the third teacher. The third teacher. Yeah. Yeah. That's so cool.
I'm,
well, um, the guy I talked to you last night. Yeah. I think they start back on monday. Also, they kind of had their teacher meetings and acclamation and all that stuff. But officially where I am, they already went back and I think they've already decided that was a bad idea. So they closed again. So
public schools. Yeah. I, and I thought it was a bad idea to because
I mean, we got in Georgia were one of the top, you know, as far as people being affected so they
rushed
it.
If,
except for you and me and our families were they got some of the dumbest people, don't they?
stubborn something. I don't know. Yeah.
It's sad. But
Onebraska. Okay.
Um, what part Nebraska did you live in
Omaha? How far away with that from Joplin know
Joplin Missouri?
wait
a minute. You
said
you said Nebraska. I was thinking uh Nebraska. Yeah, I was thinking Nebraska because
it's kind of on top
of it.
I I lived there before we lived here for
five years and uh, we moved there 10 days before the tornado hit. So yeah, it was pretty, pretty scary. Uh,
well
we
were, we were in a second story apartment. So yeah, it was, it was pretty scary. Um, you know you go out sight seeing the first couple of days you're there and the next thing you know had a third of its gone and uh if it stayed on the ground it would have hit us directly. So that was pretty. And my husband was in the home depot like two hours before it hit and was
wiped out. It was flattened. So yeah we don't
know
just moved here from there so. Oh
no I was in Kentucky and Indiana before that so in the alley pretty much so but we didn't have you know like uh we had warnings and stuff all the time but we didn't really ever have one touchdown except the year before we moved to Indiana. They had a big trailer part get wiped out a bunch of people killed. Um
category 44 or five. But the problem was it not only
was it powerful but it just sat on the ground and ground You know it didn't move very quick you know it's just and it took out a hospital and just all these important you know killed 51 people. And um
it
was.
No unfortunately. Well fortunately we you know didn't get damaged but we like we were facing, our appointment apartment was facing south and it was coming from the northeast. So what was coming, we were in the vortex because it was the wind was blowing branches and trees around back to the side. So the opposite side of our house basically here's it's coming and we're here and then it's there. So yeah,
it was strong, strong winds. Um I've never been and I was coming apart because I've never been in anything like that. So we were really fortunate, real blessed about it. So
well
that's
what
they don't have them here either, They don't and we were trying to find something, I'm disabled and it's hard for me, mobility wise to walk upstairs and stuff. And it was just, we got real blessed as far as we found a brand new home to start renting. That was just one story because there's so many were two stories here and uh not very many basements I don't think either. Um But yeah it's like you know I gotta I don't want to pay rent for a whole home and I can't even you know enjoy the whole thing so
but it won't be good. Yeah but y'all have tornadoes up Nebraska too. Right.
Good
good.
We uh that's what I love spring but then it always is going to bring you know the storms and lightning and but I'm not as afraid as I used to be of it. Um But
good.
that's good. I've never been in a hurricane. He lived in florida years ago my husband um
and they have hurricane parties and all this and stuff and I never had been I wouldn't be able to enjoy our gain.
But some sometimes the weather gets, we were supposed to get weather from the last one and it didn't make it far apart inland. So uh you know we don't, we lost power last night that we had such a storm not wind rise wise but just a lot of rain and I guess small fell. Um But I got to tell you I've lived in Kentucky when the power went out and they were decently quick about it, I wasn't rural and
then in indiana they were like slow as molasses getting it fixed. Uh
We didn't have a problem with power going out that I recall it in uh Joplin and here there on it. I mean it's just so amazing how fast they fix it. And I love it because you know
we're tv addicts and phones and
for
our
I mean
when
it's going on,
no, I'm still here. I'm still showing on me.
That's weird. Well I'm still showing and everything.
that's good. That's good. Well last night after it was getting the power was probably had a total of maybe 30 minutes and that's when we started getting the shakes. No, we just love tv. Yeah,
that's and it was starting to get hot in the house to um but he was trying, he's from Minnesota and he watches the twins when they play and a lot of times we can't get the game. So he signed up for the thing where you watch on television and so last night I knew he was really want to watch this game and I was doing my watch his ball game and I was playing my video games and you know, I told him I said, you could take my phone because I still have more higher on it than he did. And he wasn't able for some reason this phone wouldn't uh connect to the internet. So uh I said, take my phone, you know, I'll land uh throw myself on the hand grenade for you because I could always read. I had, I had a battery operated light and I said, I can read. Uh so he knew I loved him. Then I'm willing to my phone. True.
exactly. But he got to watch his game so he was settled down. So
I don't know. Um I'm kind of a widow when it comes to the sport. Like he'll be watching the case tank commercial, so he'll be watching golf and then he'll flip to this
and uh, let's see the twins. He likes to watch the cardinals, he watches the wild, Very
little football,
but
yeah. I mean he can read about what's going on and watch old old games if you wanted to, but he didn't want to do that. It was the weirdest spring I've ever been through because usually, you know, he goes missing and then, and I don't see him even though he's in the same home with me, you know, he's watching a game or something all the time. So, but hey, babe, how are the twins doing you? They're losing their division. Oh, huh. Oh, under leading the division. I'm
appalled. I'm sorry.
Good
thing. I'm not,
I don't know. We went to a game one time when we were up there on our honeymoon actually, um, which was nine years ago. And uh, it was fun, but you know, maybe disabled, I couldn't sit that long and stuff so I you know I couldn't uh enjoy it as much as most people could but uh we still had a good time though and and then when we went back I just stayed at his mom's house. She and I watched the game on the television and um I got him a really pretty uh you know like uniform what is it jersey that the twins were red and white and it was always beautiful. It was beautiful. Unfortunately they lost our luggage the first day so when he had to go when he got to go the game he didn't have his jersey and I was like I spent
a fortune Jersey.
that's the first thing as soon as they brought the luggage and they were real nice about it, you know they got it right to us everything and I said I just got to openness and find it. Yeah, so that's the first thing I look for but
it could have been
worse.
Well he is um
I'm fine either way. But yeah, he's
okay. You know, I don't think I've ever been to Kansas city, but I'm sure I love the barbecue because that's
But
now
yeah, I don't I haven't had texas barbecue but I'm really crazy about western Kentucky because that's where I was raised their barbecues, got a vinegar based to it and
I mean that's that's my favorite because I'm not much on sweet barbecue. Um
It's fine.
Um They use um good grief, what do they use mutton? Well in their in their like ground up kinda or well you call it, my words are failing me today. Uh
Shredded, that's the word, yeah, the shredded this mutton and
then
they
do yeah and I think it's beef ribs but I mean I can just, the sauce will make you cry, make your nose run and I can't get enough. I'll just sit there and keep eating and eating and
I
miss
that.
Yeah. I've not had must ary mustardy.
I think
you're up.
Oh yeah, I like
brisket.
Yeah. Do we have a Kroger here and uh I used to make my own ribs and my awesome
stuff and then I got where I was doing it in my uh quick cooker instapot thing. Um
But
you'll love it. I mean it's just you know, you can take a bag. Like I had been making hot wings, I don't even have to solve the wings. Just put them in there and cook them and then put sauce on them and embroil them crispy and
and I don't know, we've made a
couple of different
things,
they'd
be perfect for it. Yeah. Yeah. It at first I was afraid of it, you know, I'd always make him do it and now I'm not
too
bad.
because you know, I just kind of silly but I'm afraid
I'll,
But yeah, you'll enjoy it and they're down to a real decent prices anymore. So like beans, sometimes he likes dry beans, you could do them real quick.
had it, but I think it is, yeah.
You like chiming in the summer? Yeah.
I
love
it.
Any
time of year. It's kind of silly.
Right. And uh it's got all kinds of, you know, it's got me it's got vegetables, it's got protein, it's got all the good stuff. So we put spaghetti in ours, which I never did before. I met him and now it's good.
Is
it?
Zinnemann
in nutbag. Do they put some people do
that?
I remember.
I like my thick, you've watched, have you ever watched right away? She she uses uh cinnamon or nutmeg. And I think nutmegging her spaghetti sauce, but and I tried that one time and I ruined it. I don't know if
I
put
it was terrible. It
Is like you just go like that
just one,
Well I think that got carried away with I'll have to try to like
little bit of Yeah. And
do
that.
You
know it didn't it tastes like garbage what it tastes like. It didn't taste like cookies and things like it unless you like garbage cookies. Uh That was terrible.
Yeah, I guess so. I'm not I'm not big cook cookie maker. I like making muffins like from the box. Uh The
limit.
Oh you're one of those people they say.
do
you have a bread maker? Is that
what
you've been
He made a long time ago, you know, back years ago and I could I considered it, but I didn't really know, you know if I want to put that much effort into it because I don't have uh blender where they call it.
I made bread before when Sardo and it was at the time I really enjoyed the idea and I would make it for family for christmas and I'd make like four loaves and that doesn't sound like a lot, but to me it was a lot of work. Um But now I don't know if I would really want to go to the trouble. Uh
Okay. You might consider that his mom has a bread machine but she she doesn't stay, well she's a she's just turned 90 so she doesn't do it anymore. But you know you had to buy the with the machine, you had to buy the package of ingredients and all that kind of stuff I guess to go with it and you know that kind of expensive for her so I didn't want to do that route. But how
did your third? Oh turnout was it? Pretty good.
He likes
he
likes
sarah. Yeah. I
don't
know,
bread
is the hardest to give up for me. I love bread, pasta and cheese. I mean comfort food heaven. Uh And I never used to be a I never used to have bread every meal and now I'm worse about it than it used to be but I
don't
know.
Yeah. Um I don't know if you've ever gone to uh think it's ruby Tuesday's years ago. They
they served a real dark like almost black rye bread with strawberry butter for your appetizer.
Oh it was worth that to just go in I mean and I really I'd love to get that together and have that sometime but I don't think now dum, dum, you'll sit there and eat all of it and it's
not good for you.
I have not now. Uh
Yeah. Yeah I think it wasn't pumpernickel,
I just want to say it was a real real dark rye and when you to look at it it looks like you know but when you put that back on it man it's
just yeah and
then strawberry uh Yeah that's
so
how do you buy how do you buy rye like by
the
meat
like?
Oh right flower. Okay I didn't seeds or plants or
so.
Yeah. Do you like the do you like the seeds like caraway seeds on your rye bread and stuff? Yeah
like uh it's some brand that we got when we went to visit his family the last time up in Minnesota and had five different kinds of seeds and stuff in it. And I can't take the brand but I mean it was awesome. It was really
it
was
at that I've heard of that but he likes Sardo with uh egg salad. Homemade egg salad. I can give or take it.
it
yeah it's good you put green onion in it and it's just it's good he makes we make tuna salad. Do you eat tuna salad with egg in it?
I was raised on that and he doesn't like, yeah and I'm like you like egg salad so try some egg
into.
it's
good.
That sounds because
I'm not
big hot tuna to me. Yeah that sounds like put cheese on a fish sandwich. You just it's not right. How many times? Mcdonald's
does it? It's
not.
Yeah. He made uh just a couple of days ago. Made a pasta tuna. Uh What was that you made babe tuna? Castro yeah tuna casserole. And then he put the
french crispy. Yeah
like
castro.
and we had never had that. I mean he had it but I had and we ain't on it. It made enough for an army and we ate for three days. And uh it was good and no longer it said the baby got. So yeah
that
was
pretty
good.
Betty
Crocker's
and
you'd
that's what this had and had. Yeah.
I'd said you know I try to keep soup in the house and I said we do have three cans of these soups. He said yeah. And I said that they're not expired. He said no. I said Ok, course. Yeah.
So you gained
a little bit away during the thing.
haven't.
Yeah. There you go. Well, I hope that what do you teach? What do you teach?
you must have a big
brain.
that's Yeah. I mean I'm not afraid of it like I used to be but when I was in school and all that, I just I couldn't handle it and algebra, I'm not afraid of now because nobody ever explained to me that this is a formula and find out something. They just it was just and satan said let's put numbers with letters. Yeah.
Like what like.
That's
what my light bulb went off about it and you know I just told myself because to me every time I did it the rules changed. It's like where you're supposed to put everything outside of the print in the princess and then you do it outside the princess. And I've seen I've actually seen on the internet where people will take a math problem or algebra problem and everything gets different answers and so I can't be the only one. You know it's like the rules change so I don't understand sometimes.
That's what bothered
This this particular problem they were talking about um both ways sound familiar but one of them was the way I learned that that was one way that people got it right? And you know, I mean, I just, I just blew my mind is like, these are professional people and they're supposed to know and they don't even know what it is. So now I don't so, but uh,
you
know, actually
it was your toe
happy
wife.
Happy
life.
you, too. It's nice to meet you. Thank you,
David.
Bye bye.