Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Start Oh Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Okay. Everything okay. Yeah, Just just mhm Uh huh Yeah. Yeah. The best solution, yeah. Uh huh Mhm hold on, hold on. Oh, Mhm Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah, Yeah. Okay. Right. Mhm I want to, yeah. Mm Mhm Right, Mhm, Mhm Yeah, right there in the morning, Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's fine. I don't want to working at the forefront, mm Okay. Yeah. Oh, mhm mm Mhm, Mhm Thousands, Yeah, Yeah, for the mm mhm The first time mhm Mhm Yeah, mm. Mhm Mhm Mhm pushing over Mhm Yeah, Uh huh Mhm uh Mhm Yes, all the time. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right, Yeah, actually, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Oh, mhm Mhm Together. Uh huh Yeah. Uh
huh All right. Yeah. Ok. Sorry, my lighting is so bad. Like the other times I've done this was during the day and have like one light bulb. Remember
what I'd
like to help?
Rory. Likewise. Okay.
I'm in the middle of texas. Yeah.
Um After man, like apple in kind of various ST Angelo.
Yeah. Uh No, not yet. Starting february. Yeah, I'm just here to do CNN classes. Mhm.
All right. I'm pretty uneventful. I'm just kind of not doing much besides like little online gigs at
the
moment.
What about yourself?
Week.
definitely not a very good time not to be a skilled worker. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
do you
think?
Yeah. Just like a merchandiser back in april and ended up getting laid off on that and don't have anything else to kind of back it up. Like my resume sucks. So
well,
I have an opportunity now to fix it. So it's about time that some kind of certification or qualification. So. Urban
model.
Um No, not really. I've been doing a lot of transcriptionist work and doing like little articles for uh text broker but that's about it like nothing really.
It's the pain. It takes me like about four hours to do like 30 minutes. Yeah.
It's been a pleasure.
Yeah. Yeah. But you want to get my dad speaker that's kind of muffled or little black, three different people turn to talk at one. It's like it's so complicated sometimes I don't
know
that
part there.
go
ahead.
Yeah. In april and may like I'm kind of found out lots of different little avenues to make money online which is kind of cool. Like I'm glad that I learned how to do that now because
I would never reason before. Oh
Thank you.
But some yeah like when I'm too tired to do anything else really about not tired enough to go to sleep.
I understand.
War I use that
dear money and I work online and Yeah.
Give
you a lot of good leaders.
Yeah.
That's
the
um other survey sites were especially just marketing stuff that you do. Uh
those just aren't worth it to me. Like I don't even bother with them anymore.
Normal.
Tim was one like I think it was yesterday or the day before like it was this um cooperative game like with like three other people like where we're stranded on some like
then
that was kind of cool, right?
Yeah. Like how did you know when they were going to break or not? Like
like I couldn't figure it out. Like I was looking at all the little cracks but they were all in the same spot on every single one of them and I don't know.
Or
Okay.
Walk for a while I was just like putting in like two taps of where their fuel in there and they're just passing it to the next person. But I guess it didn't really matter how much fuel you actually put in there, just don't break it or breaking it I guess. Didn't really matter anyway. Mhm. I don't even
know.
I
don't want people on that in 30 that smells good. Yeah.
Right. Play a lot of RPGS and I read if I get more than that. Mhm.
Uh This year I played a lot of E. S. Oh it's elder scrolls online yeah.
You
know
Kyra me? Mhm. Mhm.
You're
More
questions.
All
bob
Two of those before I think I did seven on PlayStation one. PlayStation two I think. And then I played another one I forget which one it was on. They like put it on the gameboy advance. Like I played that one was the one with capita in it. It was
like the bad guy.
ruth.
More than a break. About the same as like the other one that I played like just like eight different people that you could have near party. I don't even know almost exactly eight but a decent number you know
like um not surprisingly like some fantasy books like mystery books or.
Mhm. The latest one I read was by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. It was give up this like weird that they were kind of like Vikings I guess. Like it wasn't that great, but they only work Vikings, but they're obviously based on Vikings, you know, fake universe. Uh huh And I went the first one and left you have a cliffhanger and I didn't even bother picking up the 2nd 1. Like it wasn't Okay.
Sometime
because
of
You know, I want to like the last chapter of dracula by Bram stoker and I never finish it. Like I was like, I'm done with,
oh God, like it's just not good. It's so old.
Thank you.
I don't recognize it, but maybe. Yeah, I
don't
know.
For go
All right.
Only one of them.
mhm Can you keep an eye out for like, I don't think I've ever heard of that?
Let's have something that like suggests you books by always the only other person that I know that actually reads on a consistent basis. She just mostly is like here is this agatha Christie and this okay, just like you see they're like mystery novels or like these romance novels or like period pieces and like I do like period pieces and I do like mysteries and agatha Christie's great, but mm like I don't wanna read like 10 pages on a battle, like just not ended out
Yeah mhm No, I can't see it from here, but uh I want to say is the last thing is Cromwell or something like maybe Bernard form Will Oh
my
God, yeah, he's a historical writer but it's like novelization is that, you know I am like she loves him because he like writes like he's really good like battle scenes, he's like historical battles and he's like really in depth with it and stuff but they just go on forever and ever and uh huh Find myself like skipping the pages just like skimming them to the weight of the battles over and then continue reading the law.
popping like reading something on my phone for too long like yeah bothers my eyes a bit but like a little article or something like that. But if I'm like really engrossed in a book and I just want to keep reading for hours. Uh huh bothers me.
but I'm also using a phone instead of like something bigger like a Kindle also Want
to be a part one. Mhm.
And
that wall um I was living in Saginaw back in april. Yeah, I got to the library there but um no I don't have a library fired here in san Angelo. Mhm.
well look into that.
Yeah. The last really good book I read was the wise woman like who was Felipe a car or a victoria holds like one of her names that she uses like that's by her. I forget exactly which name though. But it's like um it's like around the time of the tutors and uh
Henry the eighth I think is yeah, he was king at the time but like in this corridor anything it's like about this fictional character has like witchcraft and stuff in it. Like it's pretty cool. It sounds like one of the, yeah it sounds like a uh like one of those like twilight or something like that But it's not good. It's not all too young at all like or something. Open it. You really really well done honestly I think
oh well never like a lot of them fantastical kind of things in it. You know like kind of sorrow like you don't even know if but there was actual stuff going on until like later like when the little moppets like actually start walking and stuff
it's ludicrous and she ends up vomiting it up later. And what? Yeah. I don't know. That's pretty good. It's kind of a tragedy now like. So if you like really happy stories and stuff like that.
Something like that now. It's kind of depressing. But
and that one you'll definitely hate the main character too because she's just oh travel
Well. I mean I don't think she was like supposed to be like a really great character, you know, like I feel like one of like morally like uh huh
Yeah. Report.
Mhm
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm forget the author, but was that morimoto series like that have this character like more about on it? Mhm.
Those were pretty bad. I read a lot of those, like when I was a teenager, uh huh
black coffee on just this short little, but I got the Christine was pretty entertaining
my off and I'm like, I don't really like all the time, You know, maybe one or 2 a year
people
sometimes
a lot more
big part.
Um maybe a bit of both. I mean my mom has always been like a really good big reader and she devours books like within just hours, like it's insane. Like this is like just paperbacks everywhere. Mhm.
What?
what she does is she always like that, it's like a paper bag first and she really liked something and wants to like read it a bunch more times. Like she'll end up getting the heart talking so just so it doesn't fall apart eventually over by and for like the senate hurried after a while.
Well not at all at all. Oh,
sleeps in front of the tv all the time,
Mhm
grab two sisters,
terrible. Yeah.
one in Oklahoma, the other is in the DFW area, I feel like Austin City but hmm it's hopped around in that area like so much, but I'm not even sure anymore.
actually might even be angry by him. Like I'm not even sure. Mhm Okay,
well,
and like once you're up in that area, like the north between Fort Worth and Dallas like it's just so many small little towns, I don't drive like one mile and then you're like in a completely different town.
War exact
yeah my husband is actually up in Kansas city right now and yeah like has lived both on the Missouri side and the Kansas side and mind is constantly going back and forth but he knows
mama,
it's just the city itself is right on state line like so half of its in Missouri and half of it's in Kansas so
but
it's always
the prevalence. I'm not sure. I think they just go by the same name like a really different cities. Yeah. Uh
And stuff like
you know different, Those are two different states.
I have. No I'm probably just a gradual thing like it just kept growing and growing. Oh what happened? Yeah. Mhm.
We'll put it up in Kansas is my name. Who knows? I don't know.
Yeah, I'm definitely gonna ask him because he probably knows like he's super proud of his hitting. Mhm. But
perfect
coughing. I just walked out. Mhm.
I don't have level fuck schedule with all these like freelance jobs, so my sleeping schedule is like really random. Okay.
mm I probably
won't come tomorrow.
All
uh should they? Yeah, we still right at eight so we're good to go
Have a good one and good luck with the rest of the year.
All