Hello.
it's quite
all
Not a problem, not a problem. Well I'm Jason. Nice to meet you.
So where are you from? Where were you located right now?
here. I'm in texas. I'm in Austin.
Yeah, they know that. Are you a student there?
good deal. Good deal. So you have a good week so far?
So
like
like like these just to make them because I mean that makes sense. Something
Uh So far so good. I mean it's uh thanks. I mean I'm thankful to be employed
so I have at least a full time job I can do so especially in these weird times and so okay
sucks,
it's terrible and I feel really
bad
about it.
I'm sorry
man.
Have
you been they've been focusing on a specific area uh During this time?
because you're trying to get them but it's hard.
Mhm. I'm sorry. I tried to transcribe like some audio clips for a friend, he's gonna eat this written down and say, okay sure, helped drive like three minutes longer, Like this is painful.
This is really really painful.
I just, it's just one person talking
for me. I can't even just type fast enough. Mm hmm. Just
just
pause, pause, rewind, pause, rewind. Like I've heard this six times already and I still can't
type
it out, wow. So you know, a lot of side, side hustle gigs to keep afloat.
Hi.
so have you uh
do you read it?
Okay. There is a subreddit
on there and that's how I found this. Um
The beer money.
I was going to suggest those if you hadn't lurked on there, like oh, they have a lot of random things you can do on the side.
So
yes, that's a very active community. Yes. Very active community. I really like this one. I feel like it's given me the most unique and interesting studies. Yeah.
And
there's
some
yeah,
yeah. After a while they get really boring. You're like, okay, I'm going to look at your ad or we'll look at your commercial and I'll give you feedback or is this one they're actually asking, hey, what do you think about
election? What do you think about global warming? What do you think about racism? You like? Oh, we're gonna ask a lot of different questions. Okay, let's go. So I had a very interesting yeah.
Oh, I did that
one.
Did you ever was yet to fill those canisters? Right.
No idea.
yeah, yeah. I thought when I want to log into that one, I was like, okay, this is going to be very, it's going to be fake. Like
I'm actually communicating with bots. And then a few seconds soon was actually okay, these are real people. All right,
Let's figure this out. I actually had a really good time with that one. But the canister one really confused all of us. What?
Michael.
My hunch is that they were trying to see how people cooperate or or how they blame shift gets mad at someone for like these games
raped.
So besides these random surveys that you do online and transcribing, what do you like to do for fun?
Which RPGS do you like?
I'm not I'm not played uh older school. That's cool.
And then you say
you
I
haven't I haven't played video games since like The late
90's.
So I'm more of an old
school. I was like online online RPgs. Wet second. I was playing more like this grew up one more. The Final
Fantasy 45678. Uh Tara.
shit
yeah. six I think that's the sixth. I don't know, six.
That was the one with like 1000 different characters in the game that you could play. I think that's that right on my game is mixed up.
It's been so long for me is um like I'm surprised I actually recognize that name. And you said you read Books too City
Which which Fantasy looks like we're series.
picked one up and I found myself like within three chapters actively rooting against the protagonist and my wife's like you should bail. Like if you just want, if you want the guy who supposedly the hero to fail, you should stop. Good
point. I'm like this is miserable, this
guy's
just whiny. I don't even remember what it's called but that was the first time I've ever bailed on a book. I was like I'm going to read to completion even if I don't think it's that great. It's like I hate you. I kind of want you to die. Well that's not good. Put you down. Oh
I have a I have a hard time reading that too.
Yes, true. I mean I just couldn't, I just couldn't get into it. It's a classic. Oh, oh well thank you. I am currently reading a what's called the Miss Born series
by Brandon Sanderson who has written like, like half their fantasy novels. I feel like I think his name is on everything. Have you read anything by him?
I'm
enjoying
it.
I'm enjoying it so far. They are people uh the special people who can uh like consume lower vials of metal and then they can transfuse that metal to enhance a certain power that they have. Whether they can be like stronger or the senses can't hands for a certain time period was like oh this is fun and I do I did not want to protagonist to die,
actively rooting for you, so I'm going to read this. This is actually really fun books, I'm enjoying where this is going from. Just a suggestion if you're out of books to read the misinform
series. Mr Born M I S T E P O R N. It's like it's easy read and enjoyable, likable characters, good uh banter conversation and an interesting world set up.
Bad. Yeah, I never ever needed in some of life's like I think you'll like this one like okay. Oh yeah I do.
makes sense. Me neither just to too much. Yeah.
that
sounds familiar.
Right, so do you uh do you do like a Kindle or do you do to go actually with a paper copy or if you do both?
Makes sense. That's
smaller.
I'm assuming you utilize your local library? You grab
some books?
Such, so I know the Houston library system will allow it as long as you're texas resident, you can apply for a card and also borrow from there, the library, so.
Yeah, I'm like okay, they don't mean Houston is a much larger city than Austin, I mean it's large city in a large city, right? In texas. Yes, so it's like you know a lot of people on there but uh so the wait times were still about the same but it's like at least it opened up you know there's some books that weren't available here um for me to borrow electronically about like that. Okay just find some other things to borrow here and there. I'm going to get something to keep me entertained. Thanks.
Two.
Oh what tell me what what you liked about it?
Whoa
I it depends on my mood what season line and then I feel like for 2020 I'm like just give me the happy fluffy stuff.
Yeah like not in the mood for anything depressing right now maybe 2021 but right now I don't need to read about something more depressing than my than what the actual reality. Mm
okay why do why do people, right people like that like
you just think heard us You know I don't get it I shouldn't well at least personally I'm like I want the protagonist the main character to inspire me or be interesting. I mean quirky sounds good but not annoying wow. Yeah
sure
so yeah
see so you also said you like mystery novels to that? Right
Yeah
Yeah so you've been a reader for?
Okay so you it sounds like you've been a reader for most of your life.
it's
not good.
Is this something
right? Is there something but
your parents instilled in you or just because you just happened to pick up a fascinating book and just decided to go into it?
That's cool. That's very cool exposed
to my dream. Just that paperbacks voice because I just want the paperback version and I'm trying to buy a copy and I hired back on I think I don't want the hardback because then I feel Like I have to take really good care of it and I don't want to open it. That's the 50s. The point point of a book. The point is to open it. That's so nice.
that's cool. What would your dad, that was your dad a bit of reader?
Okay,
mom said cool,
do you have any siblings
uh older younger?
And where are they? No,
we got here. Okay, I spend a good chunk of my life in Fort Worth, so actually no, my sister is in grapevine, so I know the DFW area pretty well, but
that Metroplex is huge, almost
like
Oh yes, or you've driven one mile and you've crossed three different towns,
it's very overwhelming that Metroplex is huge. Like Oh yeah, I live in DFW, I'm like you're technically like an hour and a half away from me, that's not like we're not in the same metroplex, this could be like crossing state lines for some people. Like if you live in Connecticut
yeah. Do you know what, do you know much about that? I could I really don't quite get what's
going on with Kansas city. Kansas and Kansas city Missouri
How why?
Just
like
I'm kind of like
peaches,
right? It feels like more simple as someone to drew the line, like we're going to just take the city as a place of doing it right through or like what I'm assuming with the city their first and then they're like no, we're going to split in half or they're like we're going to build the city and for some reason we accidentally just did it over the state line. We didn't know how to divide it. Like it's kind of confusing. What?
Uh huh.
That would be either. I'll find out. I should probably google this later.
Well, what
are you drinking?
good morning.
more as I'm about to go to bed after this.
Hello?
Yeah, very cool. Yeah. All right. So I think we've
in our time. Right,
All right. I was lovely meeting you.
Thank you. Same to you. Good luck to you. And I hope you have a good productive date for evening. Or I like
transcribing things.