SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. No, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey,
SPEAKER_R: I want.
SPEAKER_L: but hurry up.
SPEAKER_R: Good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good thank you. Good, good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: likewise. So uh where you located?
SPEAKER_L: I am on the east Coast in Delaware
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. I'm in
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: Virginia. Northern Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Northern Virginia. What part?
SPEAKER_R: Close to the D. C. Area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I used to live briefly in Centerville, worked in Fairfax.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. I'm indiana. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have some friends in Centerville.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, got it.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that would
SPEAKER_R: uh how long ago did you live in
SPEAKER_L: Quite
SPEAKER_R: Northern Virginia?
SPEAKER_L: a while ago I think it was right after college. So I think I lived there in 94-95. No,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: was five years old and.
SPEAKER_L: You know so much has changed. So so different
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah for sure. Um Was there a big korean population there when you? Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually chinese just but.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Lot of, I mean very so I say yes but one thing I noticed it was not extremely multiracial, it was very white. Um but the asian population would have been second unlike where I am now or where I held from before which is here um where there was a large african american population. Just did not see that in northern Virginia. At least the area where we were. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Actually uh korean is the second most spoken language in Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: no change.
SPEAKER_R: Surprisingly I thought it was gonna be like spanish or something but just to be current. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah. You guys were interesting. I have my my sons and I were watching uh The election results. It was interesting uh very early on Virginia was one of those states where it was like only 5% reported but they had already called it for providing Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's because it's uh a meal. So northern Virginia obviously has a way denser population than the rest of Virginia. I'm actually from southwest Virginia originally. So I'm from a small town um in Rockbridge County which is uh if you ever heard of that county.
SPEAKER_L: I have not heard of that one
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you know where Virginia tech or uh, Eva is? So it's right in the middle between those two places. Um It's home to, well, it's adjacent to the Virginia Military Institute and Washington lee university, or Yeah, for some reason, every time I think about Washington university always uh, think about it as robert E lee university because it used
SPEAKER_L: parents
SPEAKER_R: to be called robert E lee, and then they change the Washington leave. But
SPEAKER_L: you're kidding,
SPEAKER_R: um, but yeah, so I'm from there. Um and uh, it's lost my train of thought,
SPEAKER_L: you're going to mention the northern Virginia.
SPEAKER_R: the election. Right, right. Yeah. I I I went to vote in person, actually, and uh, when I went to vote in person, it was like no weight at all, because it seemed to me that the majority of people from the northern Virginia area at least, uh, did like early ballots or melon. Um, but, you know, I don't think there's anything going on in particular from a you know, conspiracy against standpoint or anything like that, but um it's a little bit uh interesting because where I'm from originally, like most people that are trump supporters and it's uh it's like it's a little bit disheartening when you or when you haven't seen a lot of people from my hometown in a long time, and then they say, you know Virginia be so much better without all those people from northern Virginia there and like like I used to be friends with these people and it's just kind of like oh man, Yes.
SPEAKER_L: that's funny. I mean imagine where you are, you've probably been over this way to beaches and so with Delaware is just three counties. New Castle County is up north which is where warming is in the more dense area and then Sussex are the more rural ones and it's the same divide, it's the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: mean at the end of the day, I think the big thing in american general is um rural versus urban, suburban and then educated versus non educated and um yeah honestly it's like a I I come from a working class background, but now I'm in a like um you know, white collar kind of job,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: more or less and uh I feel a lot of have a lot of sympathy for people that are, you know, working class. Um especially after I read this book by a guy named thomas frank, um she's uh investigative journalists who wrote a lot of political science, political history kind of books. Um he really like uh just from the title of one his books is called listen liberal or whatever happened to the party of the people. And um just from listening, he's seeing that title alone. It's like a lot of people might get the idea that he's you know, right wing or something like that, but um it's not necessarily the case because he wrote a book called um what the what was the Problem with Kansas or something like that? I think that was the other title
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: of his book. And he was talking about how I think in Kansas or something like that, I think it's predominantly Republican and they made a lot of kind of tax cuts more or less that really negatively impacted Kansas in general. And um but I actually haven't read that book, I've I've read listen to Listen liberal, I highly recommend that book if you want to know about the history of the Democratic Party and how it's changed since the 1970s. Um it's like one of the most kind of illuminating books I've read from a political history kind of standpoint. I think. I haven't read a lot of political history books, but it's really interesting um
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: will,
SPEAKER_R: not it's not really um presented in such a way that there's any kind of partisan bias at all.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Well you know it's you know uh so biden from Delaware? Right so
SPEAKER_R: Easy state to become senator for and I think only three counties.
SPEAKER_L: so he uh you know one thing that he has said is he wants to get back to you know working together which agreed we're so polarized
SPEAKER_R: Million.
SPEAKER_L: and everybody at opposite ends we need to find
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: part of it is because of social media though, to be perfectly
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: honest. No,
SPEAKER_L: world has changed.
SPEAKER_R: because uh it's so
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: I'm my
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: background um I majored in computer science in college and uh I understand how algorithms work and how they can be used to, you know, um influence behavior. And I read a couple articles before about how facebook designed their algorithms and twitter also so that it becomes sort of an echo chamber for uh what you kind of think or believe and it enhances that dramatically. Um So you know, that's that's I think pretty much the biggest contributor to the polarization.
SPEAKER_L: so what do you what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually in a technical consultant, so I will cybersecurity specifically. Um How do you
SPEAKER_L: Um who do you so you work privately or work for yourself or
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I'm
SPEAKER_L: contractor?
SPEAKER_R: employed by
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: a company here.
SPEAKER_L: boy by a company. Got it. Yeah so I and I actually worked my most most recent previous career I worked 10 years for government I. T. Um But not a not a not an I. T. Guy myself.
SPEAKER_R: P.
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: M.
SPEAKER_L: more on the uh kind of account management customer relative. So
SPEAKER_R: gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
SPEAKER_L: having to bridge that gap between the business and the I. T. And the language.
SPEAKER_R: So you managed like call centers and um just make
SPEAKER_L: No I didn't. So actually so there is a within the state of Delaware there's an executive branch agency called the Department of Technology and Information. And they served as the central I. T. Arm of state government. They handle the network and the email and active directory. And they do a lot of project management. They exercise governance over policies. And so all of the state agencies have to work with D. T. I. And so they created basically an internal account management team that was responsible for managing the relationship between D. T. I. And those other agencies. So I managed the team that was involved with that like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: you know Department of Transportation of Department of Transportation had a specific need. They had one person within the tea that they would go to that would then cordoning internal resources. So because I got I got into that job not for having a technical background but for having more of the sales and account management kind of your prior
SPEAKER_R: So you ah I guess like major in accounting or something or
SPEAKER_L: finance.
SPEAKER_R: finance?
SPEAKER_L: It was a business major finance and I don't want to get NBA yep. So just really all about you're dealing with people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah of course yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever heard that um I think story maybe last year something that Pelham I think the city of Baltimore their entirety system was held hostage by ransomware and
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: then.
SPEAKER_L: for weeks at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I think a lot of people don't realize that everything is now an I. T. Business or system delivery kind of project more or less like whether you're in government or just something really small you could be using Shopify whatever but um you need to shore up your cybersecurity at a minimum.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Yeah. So so I left uh in february, I left this state government and came back into the private sector and now I am managing a small business
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that does, it's basically a building inspection. So have sectors that do inspections for building plumbing,
SPEAKER_R: She's
SPEAKER_L: electrical, H. V. A. C. Work. It's a new work. It's about 20 people, you know, just three small offices and to go from government and the level of projects dealing there to what I mean. Dude, we got here, I got here we had one email address. Everybody was sharing one email addressed. It's like, yeah, we're going to change. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So a ticket like you bought like some sort of software product and uh just spawned accounts for everybody
SPEAKER_L: So we're
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: with G suite.
SPEAKER_R: allergies we place,
SPEAKER_L: so and
SPEAKER_R: did you
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: do any kind of comparison shopping for G suite versus like You know office 365 or?
SPEAKER_L: so where I came from, we had we were Microsoft and had converted to
SPEAKER_R: I think everybody is pretty much Microsoft enterprise. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so when I came over, you know, so I'm also heavily involved in um K. 12 school districts and that when I was with D. T. I. That was actually one thing that I was working with was all the school districts in the state. And you know, they had moved to um education had moved more towards the G suite, especially for students and counts largely for the sharing aspect of things, being able to share things a lot easier. So I I kind of decided to go that path and to give it a try. Dangerous.
SPEAKER_R: So what's unlike a comparison between it was just more comfort
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: already?
SPEAKER_L: was more knowing what I was coming from there and what I had heard about G. Suite than myself being um a Gmail user myself. G suite
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: try
SPEAKER_R: like most people though
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: use gmail in their private or personal life then for professional reasons, outlook and stuff so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And so we and one thing that really helped was that like our one email address was
SPEAKER_R: And,
SPEAKER_L: an AOL account so we don't even have nobody's using
SPEAKER_R: F. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: that you can.
SPEAKER_R: Right. So how does communication typically work prior to that uh getting G suite into like this consortium of three small companies that you're to manage? The California?
SPEAKER_L: So how did it work before we got G. Suite or how did it work,
SPEAKER_R: Was it like walkie talkies or something or?
SPEAKER_L: facts. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know what's interesting about fax machines is uh I found myself kind of like needing one. Like uh so reason being is because I I previously had a high deductible health plan and then I and from the health plan I had H. S. A. Um But I didn't like my H. S. A. Administrator or whatever so I need I want to transfer it to a different one and I didn't have a printer or a scanner. So like I ended up using a fax machine that was available to me at the time And now I want to kind of do the same thing except this time for a 41K. Um And uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: For for 10 years in government I. T. I couldn't have told you where a fax machine was right. I if I needed a fax machine I couldn't have even found and then I got here and it's like holy cow now I know where they all were. We had him here and we were using them all. Um But yeah very very paper based very manual processes and and really just trying to change all of that, I mean, so I just within the last two weeks I bought a half rack, I bought two in Iraq's which is I bought two in Iraq ups, I've got I bought a firewall, the vendor has that, but so I've gotten all of this stuff in december 2nd and third is when they're going to be coming and setting all not far, you know, because we, I mean, so I have a have a server here, that's our file server, but it's also storing our Quickbooks instant
SPEAKER_R: Prince,
SPEAKER_L: and you know, they've got a backup tape drive and every night they pulled the tape out and they take it home and put a
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: new one in but it's never been tested, so
SPEAKER_R: so just get a curiosity as you look at the cloud at all for any of those kind of things.
SPEAKER_L: so we are going to start doing offsite replication cloud through our so certainly having left the state I t I had quite a few connections and I was able to say which vendor I had liked working with the most, so I brought the room, they're going to start working with us on that. I'd like to potentially get to the point to where my Quickbooks instance is hosted. Um I haven't heard good things so that you know you have you can either run an on prem or you can have them host it or they have an online version. Um I haven't heard good things about the online version um because I guess you lose some of the functionality but
SPEAKER_R: Patriots him yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I'd like to get to the point of having them hosted because it scares, ought to be having this server here. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's uh I'm something of a cloud engineer so I work with a. W. S. A. Lot. Um But I'm pretty confident in their services because of their sls um and their redundancy and different things like that. Um But yeah I mean it's uh
SPEAKER_L: You won't,
SPEAKER_R: so is your your I. T. Work is it in the house or do you have a contractor?
SPEAKER_L: I have a contractor, I mean I'm the I. T. Guy here now and which also scares me if I know more intimidating But yeah so uh somebody that I had worked with over the last 10 years when different customer agencies needed things I kind of brought them in or but yeah we've uh You know we were we were running our business on a three Mag DSL line and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's like yeah the moment anybody opened a video or something, everybody else just slipped right down.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah it's um So I've had a fire hose for like the last seven or 8 years
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: part of me just can't imagine moving anywhere where there isn't fiber optic cable laid. Um And honestly it's like one of those things that's the, to me, one of the biggest reasons for gap between the haves and the have nots in a weird way. Um because like a lot of people in rural areas they can't get good internet at all or internet at all. Um That's I think that was a pretty strong reason to go towards like uh you know democrat in a way because of they would be able to fix the FCC and back net neutrality stuff because also my my fires is actually 200 up, 200 down And it's and I only pay $40 a month. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow.
SPEAKER_R: but I've been a customer to be fair about for blessed eight years now. eight years. Yeah so I've renegotiated down my uh my cost I've always just got an internet, nothing else.
SPEAKER_L: You think
SPEAKER_R: And you know, after a certain number of years, Um now it's like my $40 a month. My deal is in perpetuity for as long as. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well that's really now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've, the crazy thing is so uh 3.5 hours away in the southern region, southwest Virginia where I'm from, my parents were there and um they have Comcast and it's uh for 13 channels and uh Like something like 80 MB up, it's like 80 or $90, so they're paying double what I'm paying for and
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: they're getting
SPEAKER_L: lot else.
SPEAKER_R: less, let's be, and uh it's partially because there's no competitors for Comcast, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah and that that's who I ended up going, who we ended up going with here, we were on we work with Verizon for phone and DSL and we switched over to Comcast business and and it's been a world of difference,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The thing about Verizon fios, the fiber optic cables, um It's like a neighborhood has to put down like something like $20,000 to get laid down.
SPEAKER_L: is that right?
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, so to me, it's like one of those investments where I feel like if there's enough people in the general neighborhood um that could they will make it easy to scale I guess for even more people than it's a no brainer to me to try to get enough people maybe in a homeowners association or something like that to
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: put money up,
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: try to get that cable laid because that's an investment that will last like I don't know at least a generation or something like that. You know,
SPEAKER_L: I wonder how much there will be continued investment in that versus how much we'll see things start to switch more to wireless
SPEAKER_R: the thing is wireless, it's not entirely dependable all the time because you
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: still have to rely on like over the air, right? Because you have towers obviously and think about 5G. Is there's not even anything, I mean the there's no incentive for the for the cellular providers to really improve their infrastructure and and configure their band with support five G. There's they have no incentive because G FCC. They basically um well the head of the FCC, I think that he's kind of bought and paid for, he's a former Verizon lobbyist and he not only did he get rid of the neutrality, he put in a bunch of rules where there's no oversight for their actual investment. So one of the ways that he got rid of meda trolley was by trying to prove that regardless of what kind of changes the the cellular network providers, we're going to invest billions of dollars into infrastructure as soon as they got rid of net neutrality, the cellular providers said we're not going to do that anymore and didn't have to hold up their end of the bargain because it was just, you know, but now with biden in place, there should be a democratic majority back in and um you know, should be much better for people who are in a areas without fiber optics.
SPEAKER_L: So how long have you been doing the prolific thing?
SPEAKER_R: Um, about two, maybe three or something like that. I mean, I just do it on and off here and there. And um, I have over like 1000 submissions or something like that. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I think my first one was last august, just a little over a year, You know, I think I'm about 1000 as well
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: at that time.
SPEAKER_R: know, the crazy thing is like, so I've like people from my hometown that, you know, they're really struggling and everything and I tell them I dropped prolific and a couple other things their way. And, and the thing is like, I tell them it's not a huge deal because it comes in sterling right, which you can withdraw to your bank account. But even to them, it's like too much of a hurdle. And I'm like, come on, they're really kind of stuck in the past, I guess, but it is what it is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean there's, there's so many options, do you do
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you do anything else? I mean, I I started mturk
SPEAKER_R: Oh mturk. Yeah, I've heard that, I used to do that a long, long time ago, but um I mean with my day job and everything, uh not so much, but I guess like another kind of thing that I sort of do is um something called Travel Hacking I guess as they call it. Um So basically the gist of it is, And I've been doing this since 2014 or 2015 or so, but it sounds kind of crazy, but so the way it works is you open a credit card read and then you would try to meet the minimum spend for the credit card to get the bonus, you might have heard about this in news, then you would um Like basically sock drawer that credit card and open a new one when you can. So I tell people this and there and they think that there's something off, but it's really not if you know how to play the game, right? So basically I have about 17 credit cards. I have zero debt. My credit score is almost eight, Um and part of this is, so in order to play this travel hacking kind of thing, you have to be able to pay everything off of the month to month, but
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I don't buy anything that I wasn't going to buy in the first place. I don't spend anything that was going to spend the first place. So just to give you an example, like um there's a blog or site called Flyertalk. A lot of people, there are kind of like um called emojis in the game of travel hacking. Um so they found various ways to do what it's called, manufacturers spent And I'll give you an example of when I used to do back in 2014, there used to be a card called the Target red card and that was basically a debit card that Target had created for people who are unbanked. And the way it worked was you could actually uh take the card to the front desk and with your credit card you could load money on it and it wouldn't go through as a cash advance, go through as a purchase at Target. And when you do that, that debit card actually has a connection to a bunch of networks where you can actually withdraw the cash straight up. So it sounds like money laundering, which in some ways that people figured out how it worked, but that's no longer there because Target caught on pretty quickly. But back then um you can withdraw the money the re deposited into your bank account and then pay off that balance from Target that you made the purchase that, and then basically you reap the bonus miles and points and then you continually do that. And I ended up paying for a couple of business class trips to random places around the world.
SPEAKER_L: I'm very late.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like a hobby that I do.
SPEAKER_L: That sleep,
SPEAKER_R: ironically enough, one kind of method I used right now, it was tied to Delaware. So, you know how Delaware has like no sales tax. Right?
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: So there are these consortium's in Delaware called buyers clubs. And so generally what they do is they try to get electronics that, so, you know, normally if you go, if you try to buy like, uh, an iphone probe max or something like that right off amazon or Apple or whatever, it's only one per person. And these buyers clubs, basically what they want is to have a stock of these electronics to resell. Um So what they'll do is uh so what I do is, and you get, so when you participate in the buyer's club, basically what you do is you buy from amazon or Apple or whatever. I and you set the um address as the address of the warehouse for the buyers club, and so it gets shipped to them, you don't have to pay sales tax and the buyers club reimburses you. And you basically figure out a way to meet your minimum spend for your credit card bonus. That way that's another avenue that I do.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's fine. I've never heard the travel hacking, Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: it's a phrase that um it's not really hacking per se because there's no hacking, it's just kind of knowing the way the credit card uh just gonna work says. So one thing is kind of knowing what things code for this is an example, right? Like some purchases will code as like I mentioned like you know the target red card thing, It code coded as a target purchase, not a cash advance. So that's how I was able to not incur cash advance on the card and meet the minimum spent. So there's a bunch of different kind of optimizations like that that people in the,
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: I don't even like to use the phrase travel hacking a lot of times, they just refer to it as uh like travel hobby or optimization or whatever. But there are a lot of people in that have been doing it for a long time, like very long time. There's a guy who's pretty infamous in the community uh he's called the pudding guy, basically there used to be this promotion I think in the early 2000s of 1990s where there was this pudding company that had this promotion where if you submit like a lid to a pudding or something like that, you get so many miles, This guy ended up buying like $3500 worth of putting and then getting people to, but he would give away the pudding, but as long as he gets the lids, so you got all these leads, collected them and he got over a million airline miles, Which was worth way more than $3500.
SPEAKER_L: Very much doubt.
SPEAKER_R: So that's another guy. And then there's another woman who's the Disney Queen, she basically figure out how to game before Disney caught on all the Disney points opportunities to maximize points and different things like that. So she can she basically had enough points to go to Disney World in perpetuity almost or something like that. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I so I've done the credit card saying a little bit of opening one to get the the the cash bonus or what happened.
SPEAKER_R: Of course,
SPEAKER_L: One thing I did here is I started doing it with bank accounts. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I've heard that yeah it's a great thing about that is it's not it doesn't do a hard pull because it goes against check systems instead of you know the Fico.
SPEAKER_L: Yep. So I think at one point in August I think I had account at 12 different banks. Um but I think for this year like five grand in bonus so it really
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah sure. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: you just
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: you just have to keep tracking. It's not it's not a huge effort then you know it's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: definitely worth your time.
SPEAKER_L: it's a lot to keep Draco because
SPEAKER_R: What's interesting is have you ever heard of a bank called basque bank?
SPEAKER_L: basque no
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what it is is it's it's kind of like so it's ftse insured in a set of like texas and I think it's like online only kind of bank. Um And the thing about it is the value proposition is there's no A P. Y. But they give you a mile for every dollar american airlines miles for every dollar. So and you get it like uh it's like annually order but it's broken out into each month. So if you value a american airlines mile worth more than the current api, which is garbage for savings accounts, slip point, whatever, then it's actually worth more to me to deposit of basque bank. So I put a bunch of money in the basque bank and um, basically I'm just wearing miles instead of actual, because at the end of the year I've figured out like 60 something bucks or like a couple 100 miles or a couple 1000 miles or whatever. Right? So I went after miles, mm,
SPEAKER_L: sk. Yeah interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and there's plenty of referrals online where if you sign up for people's referral, you can actually get like 5000 extra american airlines miles after initial pocket of five K over like three months or something else.
SPEAKER_L: Well thank you.
SPEAKER_R: and if you, if you know how the airline charts work as far as the awards work, Like. So just just give an example, right? 65,000 American Airlines Miles. You can go to Japan and business class, which is normally worth $5,000. So out of pocket anyways. Um But I would never pay out of pocket if I can help it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Wolf.
SPEAKER_L: I guess we probably passed our time. Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have my ringer. Just uh
SPEAKER_L: I thought
SPEAKER_R: rank.
SPEAKER_L: I thought that's what I heard. Well you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: talking to you. Good luck and your venture and uh have
SPEAKER_L: thank you very much
SPEAKER_R: one. Alright.
SPEAKER_L: take care
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: see you
SPEAKER_R: too. See you.