always here some Hello? Blue. Oh
yeah. Oh
wow dogs, mm Mhm
Good morning scott.
No, that's okay, you're fine.
So is it seven o'clock where you are
dinner?
Where
are you from?
Okay, um I'm just outside of Pittsburgh pennsylvania.
Um you know what? I did one about a week ago
with a woman from Louisiana?
Oh my goodness. Yeah, I signed up for one yesterday, was it yesterday or the day before and they never showed up so Yeah,
what
I think.
Yeah, it's like, you know what, I want my 15 bucks where you at? I could walk to me.
Okay. Which ones do you use? Okay.
How do you sign up for the post office?
I'll send them my junk mail for $40.
Oh, I'd love that.
My husband's leaving for work. Bye.
He says bye. I missed you man. It's that time of day my kids are still sleeping and he's leaving for work.
I have two kids, one is six and the others nine. Right.
Oh, do you? Okay.
So she hasn't started kindergarten yet.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. My two, they start school here. They got a log on at 8 50. Yeah.
Well we do, we do hybrid. So they go to school Mondays and Tuesdays and then Wednesday,
thursday friday their home with me. And um, it's not bad
because they actually get to, there's cameras, there's like four different cameras in the classrooms. So they see exactly what goes on with the kids that are in the classroom, They get the same instruction, the same assignments, everything. Um, but they just view it online and then the days that they're at school,
the hybrid kids that are online, see what goes on when they're there. Yeah.
Yeah, we're, we get them, we're averaging between like 1100 to 1500 a day, so,
word? One?
Who?
Hey,
sit down.
Come on.
Yeah, they usually don't put our updates out until around 12 o'clock around lunchtime. Um
not
it's a
shame. I feel really bad for my kids just because, you know, we get letters saying, oh, we're not
doing parties this year. You know, you're not allowed to send in treat bags, you're not allowed to send in birthday treats. I just feel like they're missing out on so much. Uh,
well, we are, we are
here, um, most of the neighborhoods around here doing it and the local municipality that we're in is doing like a special one with businesses. There's a, there's a walking trail about five minutes on the road from us. And it's it's a bike trail walking trails miles long and they're having local businesses set up on the trail.
Yeah. Yeah. And it's in the middle of the afternoon so the kids aren't out at night. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. The moles aren't doing it this year.
Yeah. I mean, I think the kids need it, they need some sense of normalcy in their lives.
Now your daughter is now that she's in pre K or is she still going or?
We have some of those here to like our restaurants, you have to wear a mask to go into a restaurant and you have to wear it when you walk from the hostess area to your table, but you can take it off at your table.
So
I know,
but it it's like okay but you're still putting those germs into the air and right you want to get
up? Okay? But I'm telling you you're gonna be tired for schools.
perfect. Okay. Hey can you turn and make sure you keep that down? I'm talking to somebody for a survey. Okay. Uh huh.
mm. Yeah. You know what they're the masks? The masks are both good and bad. Um They're seeing up here, especially like the pediatricians and stuff, they're seeing like a 400% increase what I'm going to move to the table because my daughter just turned the tv on um and my my dogs
are like playing and growling in there.
they're seeing like a 400% increase in upper respiratory ear infections, strep throat because the kids are breathing those germs back in that are in the masks. So it's like, are they really that good? I mean my daughter
got and your infection within two weeks of starting school and she is your tubes in like that they're in, they're not so she doesn't get your infections.
Yeah.
wow. Okay.
no.
incredible. Yes,
huh.
Her
Well, it's it's weird because it affects people differently, like some people have it and they don't have any symptoms, some people have it and they maybe have like a cold and
then some people get it and they're in the hospital. It it's like if you get it, you don't know how it's going to affect you.
I
mean,
Hey,
hold on, once, I'm so sorry,
excuse me. Do you guys want to calm down a little bit, Huh? My goodness. Do you want to calm down? But yeah, the
media they
scared.
I
think
it's got a
Yeah. Yeah. I think they use a lot of scare tactics. Um
I
don't
even watch mainstream news anymore because
it's it's just so much propaganda and exaggeration
and drama and I don't even bother with it.
No.
How?
No,
it isn't, it isn't and there's so much crap, right? This has been just a shitty year, like I don't want to hear about anymore. I'm done.
Yes, I'm over it. I'm ready for, you know, things to get back to normal. Um I
just
um I don't know.
I I'd like to hope that it will be. But yeah, I agree with you. I mean, I think
that there will never be a point when I don't go when I go grocery shopping, I don't pick up an extra, you know, if you can goods or something for my pantry or
I
don't toilet, toilet paper, oh my god, I we were down to like one big thing of toilet paper from Sam's Club and I brought him to more things of toilet paper and my husband is Ashley, we have so much toilet paper downstairs, I said, but what if they sell out again?
Yes.
well you're not gonna find them, the shelves, the aisles are completely empty,
like.
no,
we went through a meat shortage up here for a while,
yeah, especially beef, um
well, you know, you know what, I'm in a rural county, um there's like farms all around me, I
am about, I'd probably say 45 minutes outside of Pittsburgh, so I am not a city girl at all.
Um Yeah, that's more towards like the middle of the state, there's a lot of Amish Quakers, that type of thing. Um but yeah, it was because a lot of covid cases or something with the beef plants and they had to shut them down, but there was a point where you could not, if you did not go to like Sam's club when they first opened, you weren't getting any meat
because
he was pretty much gone within like an hour,
Uh huh and that was the biggest like hot commodity of the pandemic, everybody had, Good morning, what are you doing up? My other ones up? Your sister's up to go ahead and watch, I don't know. She's up early. Shit.
No.
Oh yes, they are. They are. And when you promise them something they remember,
Hey,
No.
I.
she's gonna love it. She's gonna love it. We have one
of those for our kids and
we recently moved um and it took us a couple of months to get the money up to have somebody actually like disassemble ours and move it over to our new house and then reassemble it. And we actually got it done yesterday.
They came out yesterday and moved it and
Yeah, she's gonna love that.
Yeah, there's definitely wasn't free and ours definitely cost $650 to have
it moved.