Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Morning,
sorry, my volume on.
Good morning.
Yeah, two minutes prior, but we're
fine. It's on a timer thing.
Well,
indiana yourself?
well. All right. Used to uh flyover into Philly every month for work, So you ever done one of these?
All right,
this is number five for me. Uh
Mine
was last night I think
and they like immediately rescheduled me, so I thought that was cool. Yeah, about about 50% of the time. People are no shows I've been guilty of it myself, so
it really does help. Uh I started doing survey stuff like a year ago and I used like four or five different sites. Uh
Um I'm on a bunch of different since I use prolific, I do swag bucks. Um There is a a digital reflection panel, uh just a whole bunch of different ones uh that a lot of passive income, like the digital reflection panel, I get 10 bucks a month just for having a meter plugged into my router, which is awesome. So every few months I dropped 50 bucks into my Paypal for doing nothing. I got to do a software update like once a month it takes like two minutes. So that's, that's not bad at all. Uh Swag bucks, I mainly do games because you can play games and get money for that. And I also do there, you ever done panels? So like I got 12 Nyoni, the downside of being part of so many and I don't remember what it's for uh like right now I've got a few different things going on. The post office, has me doing one where I log my mail that I received over a week and then I basically mail them all my junk mail and they're giving me 40 bucks.
They actually sent it to me. Uh They dropped a thing in my mailbox saying, hey, if you want to tell us you know about your mail usage over a period of like a week, we'll give you 40 bucks. Okay. Sure.
I am trying out toothpaste right now for two weeks for 20 bucks. Uh So home product testing the second toothpaste when I've done in like a month. So I've got like three tubes of random toothpaste in my cabinet, like it'll all get used eventually. I don't mind that A friend of mine got a home product test for a Roomba and got to keep it.
I'm always on the lookout for that stuff. Free stuff is my favorite thing in the world. So
better.
How many kids go?
I have a four year old daughter.
and a little that bowl over here.
No she's been in pre k. For the last couple of years so she comes to that I have split custody so she's with her mom right now.
yeah remote.
Well
No
what?
and so we started back just a couple weeks ago. Live classes. They were doing uh remote and I guess my nephew like an hour away he's been doing hybrid but now they're going straight back full time which is extremely ill advised right now. We are one of the highest trending states right now for new daily infection. Yeah we had like 2500 new infections the other day. It's uh yeah
There's uh there's the site that I use called uh N. C. O. V. 2019 dot Live and it was a kid that created an algorithm that searches
the internet for all coronavirus
new data and compiles it into one site. Uh it's really rather ingenious but
I got it.
I don't
pennsylvania 189,000 infections. 14 8 per million and no new updates for today.
well this guy's in like Australia. So his daily resets at like seven p.m. Every
day. Kind of weird. I think he was using a universal time instead of just resetting at like midnight to
drink.
But
I still don't know what you're doing Halloween this year
role.
That's a great idea.
kind of reminisce of how the malls used to do the various stores giving out candy.
No, that's a little too enclosed. Yeah they I saw online some guy made a pulley system to run candy out to kids and then get the empty bucket back. So that was his like no contact but still able to hand out candy feel. I thought it was pretty clever
when you consider how critical these periods of social development are and they're missing big chunks of it. It's the cause for concern
much. And that's been a point of contention between me and her mom. I mean it's, you got away risk versus reward and, but yeah, it's some of the percussions are taking almost reminds me of like airport security. It's the illusion of safety because like I have to wear a mask when I take her to pre K, but she doesn't. And then she's around 30 kids all day and then I'm like, whatever, I, you know, would not have gotten picking her up and dropping her off. She's going to give right back to me from exposure to all these kids. So it's, uh, it's really just kind of half assed measures. This,
I mean,
how, how are you going to eat otherwise? But
no,
what?
Okay. No, you're fine. I'm gonna grab, grab a little bit of coffee.
And don't get me started on all of the employees of people. I see that are wearing the mask under the nose that, uh, you don't understand how breathing works.
Special.
No, I have, I have the most plastic dog. There's my personal laying over there.
No,
it's hard for me. Like I do roadside assistance for a living. And when I'm out there lugging around a three ton jack and changing tires on a RAM 3500. I mean that's hard work and I'm trying to breathe heavy and I got this thing. It's, it's a,
yeah. So when, when I'm working hard, it's, it's a little challenging. But uh you know that's the trade off for not getting the virus. I mean I have a friend of mine who is a nurse and he got it like back in april mhm.
Yeah, he was really earlier. And the thing is uh I'm a nerd. I played like D. And D. And stuff and that's how I knew this guy. Uh
So I knew you know, we're friends but not close friends. And he just fell off the map for like a month and a half. I don't have social media. I ended up making a facebook to like get on his profile to try to find relatives. I'm reaching out to complete strangers trying to figure like the five of us. Nobody knew what happened to him. He just fell off the grid. So out the blue like a month and a half later, uh we all get a message from him. He got the coronavirus and he, he had prior to that heart condition. So he ended up having to get like a double bypass.
he was, he was intubated and all kinds of stuff. Uh, went
out to visit him when he got home and holy cow, this guy had lost like £60. I mean you look like hell, you pale rail
thin and he'd been a bigger dude before that, seeing the drastic change. It was, I was one of the skeptics prayer to that. Having seen it firsthand now I'm like, okay, I'll wear a mask. I'll play by the rules. I believe you now.
Well,
well I blame the media at home. I mean, I
blame
the media for their pursuit of ratings. There's so many years. It's been bird
flu, swine flu. Mad cow.
We are,
All
and
every year
it's
been
a different health epidemic that when we have a serious one, that's not just, you know, grabbing ratings. Hey, people to take seriously when they've been uh, desensitized to the topic
and
faithful
to himself.
It is,
No,
I read the news probably about 10 minutes a day, but I can hop on a new site and select
topics that interest me or stay up to date
on the issues without being bombarded with all the nonsense by yeah. All the political stuff and all the racial stuff. And I'm just like holy cow. It's, it's not worth the stress to stay informed.
No.
It's one for the books. I normally don't give a damn for celebrating New Year's Eve. I think I'm going to rock it out this year just to be done with 2020.
I,
we've reached a point of no return. I think the normal as we knew it is never going to be the same again.
Well,
no
toilet
paper.
But yeah, I probably got like over 100 extra rolls because every time I go out and buy like a 12 pack, I buy an extra 12 pack and put it in a clock. Uh
kind of kind of doubling down as I go. Um So I lost my job at the start of Covid uh trip. And the first gig that I got into was Instacart. So I was out there shopping in the middle of this pandemic and people how out of touch some of these people were with reality. You can't find a package of toilet paper in the tri county area and I'm getting Instacart orders for like two rolls of toilet paper, six things of Lysol wipes and I'm like, what planet are you living on? Right.
I
can't tell you how many times I accepted an order, looked at it and went and cancel this. This. I'm not even bothering to go to the store because this ain't happening. Uh the weirdest things to bread yeast. It's what everybody making bread all of a sudden. You could not find brady's to save your life, wow.
Yeah. Just weird weird stuff.
Oh really? We didn't have that problem.
Well, I'm in farm country though. You're on the east coast. So that
help.
I know there's a Quaker population over there somewhere.
Sam's
part
Sam's club was a nightmare for Instacart. I remember standing in line, just a line wrapped around the building like a two hour wait queue just to get in there. It was absolutely insane. Uh so was never worried about food. I did 18 years in the army. So I'm head of a prepper. Uh so like I have a 250 gallon water storage tank. I have rainwater cisterns. I probably have right now. About eight months worth of dry goods that are good for like 30 years. Um So just sort of survival of stuff. But toller paper, I am completely dismissed. That was what I was like holy crap. Uh
I promised my little one, uh
that we were going to make cinnamon rolls for breakfast uh the other day. And you know, I, I didn't even think about it 5 30 in the morning. I have a four year old in my face. Daddy is the cinnamon roll time. What? It's 5 30. Yeah, I guess it is. She was ready to roll on that.
Oh man. I just scored. So she got a little big for her swing set and
I don't know if you're familiar with the neighbors app or
the next or the next door app. I think it's called Look at my phone and tell you. But it's a great app where oh uh communities basically talk about issues. If you got your package stolen, you can be on the lookout for these people or if you're having a yard sale or you know an H. O. A. Meeting or whatever it might be. Some
people communicate on there and help each other out. It's really a pretty wholesome app for the most part, but there's also a buy sell trade area and I like browsing through like the free section and the other day saturday was completely derailed my plans for saturday, but this person had a gigantic playset talking to had like two swings, another swinging thing, a tire swing under it, like a treehouse area, slide monkey bars are simply a freaking playground. Uh which I've been wanting to get or something like that. But his only caveat was you come disassemble it and haul it away. I got my truck, I wouldn't borrow my neighbor's trailer, it took me nine hours to disassemble, get it back here, get it in the backyard and reassemble it. Uh But this guy was telling me, he goes man when my kids out group but when I bought it for them it was $2300 right? So I have that in the backyard now and I haven't had her since saturday. So uh I get her tonight and I am like super excited to show her this gigantic plate. Mhm.
What?
What?
Oh no worries.
Can see if you can. Oh
yeah it's pretty, pretty cool. And of course free. Which is my favorite thing.
all