What? Hello? Hi can you hear me? Mr this stuff yeah I can't hear you at all. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Mhm.
Yes I can hear you now.
Oh yeah I do that all the time. Especially now with zoom and everything else we have to deal with.
Well my name's Sarah. Sorry to interrupt. You. Just
went into
get myself
nice to meet you Patrick.
that'll that'll do
it too. Except I can never figure out. I have a weekly
like zoom call that I do with all my friends and we watch tv together
and
I can never figure out why my microphone doesn't work. So I just end up using my computer microphone instead. But yeah I guess that's it. That's just what we're dealing with. Mhm.
And what do you do?
know nothing about that but uh
um
I mean that's interesting. I think that's definitely I have never even taken a class that has to do with like Computer code. Like I don't think I've taken a computer class since I was in like 4th grade And I'm 23 now. So I don't more power to you. It's something I don't have the the intelligence for I think.
Well
like my best, one of my best friends, she does like she does has taken a couple of coding classes. And so one of the things she showed me how to do was um this is website called like ever leaf or something where you can make um um like documents and then you just code and you have to like insert your code but it like makes it all look really pretty. I don't know. So she showed me how to make a resume on there and now that's only that's and I only know that because it's like copy paste this into that and then you get this like you know this formatting. So that's like the extent. And even then I was like on the phone with her all day trying to figure out how to fix it, but I didn't I still stayed far away from that in school and in college and now I um I got a degree in neuroscience and so I work right now. I'm working for a suicide hotline mm. Um So we're in obviously we're in person right now because I go to the call center and work. But yeah, that's what I'm doing.
So in the in the spring I'm going to a grad school for Clinical Psychology. I'm going to get a Masters and hopefully um with the hope I want to be a neuropsychologist. So basically if people have a like people have a stroke people that or it could even be people with dementia Alzheimer's um I could evaluate them uh look at their brain scans to determine like where the clot was or where the issue is and then come up with like a treatment plan. So that's that's sort of what I'm leaning towards.
Well
I mean I don't it I don't know I think I think each kind of has their own set of skills and just because you do you know, I don't know I know you said you work for a certain company and you do the billing but that company may have an effect on someone's life positively and without you it wouldn't have um been able to happen.
Yeah. Yeah. But also it's like a different set of skills and just like I could never operate in in your field maybe you know in the same way like it's not as hard as some people think of it to be like a neuroscience major because it's really just biology um which many people think it's hard but
well it's too unpredictable but there's also still I mean maybe not not as like
direct from one to the other, like one into the other as like computer science but in a lot of processes. It is like I mean with how the brain works with you know the neural connections and everything so it's it's a little more direct than I mean I like I like neuroscience because it is more direct than like psychology, I feel like like there's
more of a cause and effect, which is why I went neuroscience and not psychology because I felt there was too much up to chance or like someone's own interpretation with psychology.
that's that's where I would and met with
it.
I
have a girlfriend.
that's all.
You're talking
about
Treatment.
Well I just I also feel like there's a certain extent, Well one with neuroscience, it's such a new being able to like look at the fine details of how the brain works. We have been able to do that, you know with unless you know, in the past two decades. So it's sort of newer in a sense than computer science. Like the basics of you know the basics of the biology and understanding what we thought about biology was there, but like being able to interpret it and like know exactly what's going on, hasn't been able to happen and you know in the past 15 years, which is why we're still we still don't know how how you know like in that sense that that no one's work in that case. But I think that your friends research sounds really interesting. I never I never did any research besides um cutting up sheep brains. And one time I injected uh like crickets with cocaine it's
like pure
yeah pure lab cocaine. So that was that was fun. Got to see their little legs kick and stick some electrodes and I guess. Yeah.
that's
really cool actually. I really like um I don't know if you've ever seen this show but we want my family watches all the time. It's dr pol on National Geographic.
Yeah I bet because your wife's a veterinarian but yeah I watched that he's like a dutch. He's originally from the Netherlands but he lives in michigan and he's an old old he's like eighties and
he still
practices as a veterinarian. And um yeah I like I like to watch that. Um It's sort of just like my sit down and think about nothing show.
Yeah just like stick their hand up a cow's like on tv. That's just what they do. Just stick their hands up a cow's you know but or whatever and um with no gloves he takes all his clothes off to do it so he doesn't he's like it's easy to wash my body and like okay maybe.
Yeah. Uh I sort of not in the same vein but I made a mistake of watching dr pol on a flight on the way back from a flight because I I went to europe and I flew back like the dutch airlines. So
they had
dr
pol
on
their T.
V. And
we got
the
meal
and I
was sitting
next
to a very
man
and
then
I'm
watching
and we're
eating and literally he's sticking his hand up a cow's but I'm like ok better turn this off so people don't or he's like I think at that time he was like pushing a cow's prolapsed uterus back and here I am just eating my um chicken fried rice and like maybe I should switch people probably think this
is gross.
Mhm.
That's
similar.
My mom, she works for a doctor so I get a lot of those stories too, I'm just like okay let's stop talking to me about this until I'm done and then we can talk about it but not until I'm done. Okay.
Mhm. I don't think it's something I could ever do. I just, I don't know. I think I wanted to be like a doctor. I know veterinarians, not a doctor specifically like a people doctor,
but I did, I wanted to be a doctor, but I think it requires some set of skills that I just don't have. Again, just like computer science, I um because there's so many other things you have to learn how to do and I don't know if it's the same way. I think I have a friend that's going to vet school and she had to take all those like chemistry, even like a physics and this and that to get into vet school, which I think it's kind of crazy.
If
you can learn
from a high school physics class, not in college when you have to pay however Many hundreds of dollars or a couple $100 to learn it.
Yeah,
Yeah.
And
I think it
also
kind of
like
it the classes that people have to take to get into med school or getting the vet vet school kind of
make sure, make sure that a certain type of person only like either a person that's one determined Um two will put up with having, you know ton of information and some of you might even be boring, you know that that sort of thing. Mhm.
it's good that she had you at least and you had her or even though you were in, in classes, I can't imagine like people that
try to go through it alone or like because even then one person can work while the other person goes to school or vice versa. I can't imagine trying to do it all on your own because you get paid no nothing or you can pay very little and have to live in an extremely expensive city or town.
What sort of like animal does she or does she like large or small or certain specialization?
Okay. That's super cool.
Yeah.
Yeah
Yeah. Are the monkeys for
like
or are they from a zoo or
lab? Yeah
difficult.
Come
on.
like the like the
I. R. B. Approval. Yeah they have to have a vet on college boards and stuff so they can make sure that you aren't um harming animals. I think we had those in my college too.
That's
interesting. I really like I like monkeys and I think I mean it's crazy how how smart they are but obviously, I mean they're primates, why wouldn't they be smart?
Yeah. If I ever wanted like if I ever wanted to make myself super sad, I watch or or super happy I guess I watch a koko the gorilla on Youtube, loved her, talking with Robin Williams, what
you're playing with the kittens and I love those so much.
They learn from me. Yeah.
Yeah, I was thinking about that
as you were talking about it. We learned something in my, one of my classes I took about how that, you know, that can work positively. Then it can also work negatively with um They did a study some psycho uh psychological researchers in a study where they every time like monkeys would climb a climb to get a banana or get food. Uh they would be sprayed or shocked and um and the whole group of get spread or shocked until eventually um
they were able to until monkeys that tried to climb other monkeys would attack them. Until eventually none of the monkeys that had ever been actually shocked started attacking people that climb to get the food which is similar. I mean it's negative
but it's another way I
mean
that that relates to humans to I mean we we do that we learned from watching people um
all the time with most things and there's like a whole that's another thing that they're just learning is like about a new area of the brain that they aren't even sure exists called the mirror mirror neuron system where they've been able to find where a part of the brain. I think it's in the um somatosensory cortex like right here where it actually is activated when you watch people do activities and it's also activated when you do those same activities as
that person you are as a person you've seen before, so it's just sort of obviously it's interesting uh
Yeah and he also, it's also activated when you imagine doing that behavior, so it's like rehearsing it as well in your brain is like in a similar way your body uh your brain thinks about just doing actions in the same way as actually doing them. Just pretty interesting.
Back,
Yeah.
Thing,
then I
was just thinking about that and how they in order, one of the things they found that really helps to treat PTSD or you know anxiety or phobia is is to talk about them because by talking about them, you get new experiences that aren't negative about that that instance or and therefore you know somehow that relates to new coping skills, that sort of thing.
What?
Yeah. I've never really thought about
I I guess I should, you know, I should look more into it. But I I just had all these like my professor, one of my professors would always say like hey I was gonna take over the world like he would just and like you know, probably probably might.
Yeah.
That's
Said that your supervisors couldn't determine that for you,
but.
Well
that's
Well my timer
went off for the 25 minutes. I don't know if you notice that, but it was very nice talking with you
and I hope you have a good rest of your day,
Goodbye.