any better?
There we go. I don't know. Must've been using the wrong microphone.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm
that's
good.
I'm patrick.
Yeah. I also have like four different microphones plugged into my computer so it gets confused
everyone.
All
thank
you.
Yeah, it's definitely been interesting. I actually started working remotely last year for the pandemic, so I was better prepared than most, but it's it's definitely still an adjustment now that everyone is in the same boat.
I'm a software engineer. Mhm.
Uh
Yeah, I mean I just right, I work for a company called mail chimp and I work on our building software, so
I think you do fine. It's it's not as difficult as a lot of people think that it is, it's also funny to me that I find that most of the problems related to software that um like sort of like people who aren't programmers will look at and think oh that must be really hard, tend to be the easy things and then the opposite is also true, like oh that's super hard. No, that part's really easy. Um But then you're just like why can't it automatically figure out which microphone I want to use? And I'm like, that's a really hard
problem.
Well, it's uh commendable. What do you plan to do with your neuroscience
that is far more noble than my land of
work?
Yeah, I mean, I think I like the company that I work for uh does um marketing stuff for small businesses. So I would imagine there are small businesses that would not have survived. They couldn't have found our our software. So in that sense, it's not that I think that it doesn't do any good, it just feels less direct.
I was always terrible of biology. It's one of those things, it's it's too unpredictable. This.
one more.
definitely,
definitely. Mhm.
Whatever.
Uh Yeah I have a couple of friends who do um like uh what's it called? Uh Yeah, neuroscience work. Um
And
like yeah one of them his PhD thesis was on something to do with essentially trying to figure out
why it is that sometimes even when the uh chemical and electrical conditions are correct, neurons
just
decide not to fire. Um And how that probably has something to do with our ability to sort of behave in unexpected ways. And I was just like see this is the problem with biology, if
everything is the same as the last time the same results should happen,
that's
fine.
out what's going on. Yeah. Uh Yeah science is just also one of those things. I I don't think I have the patience for it. It is a very lengthy, precise endeavor and I like the more rapid turn around and working with computers, but my wife is a veterinarian. Um So the uh talking to people about you know very strange science things, uh I am familiar with, like the one time I was like oh yeah we got to drive to the beach to pick up a cooler sea turtle heads was like wait what?
So?
I have not watched it, but my mother has talked to me about it before.
I'm
trying.
I imagine it would be good for that. I've met quite a few like older veterinarians and they are they're interesting people.
that sounds about right, yeah, it's also this was what I learned when my wife was in vet school that eating meals with veterinarians is the worst because they, once you get them all together, they just start telling these awful stories and I'm eating, I don't want to hear about this right now,
so
the
head doctor,
hold
on
your
and
we
got
the meal
and
I was sitting
next
to a very nice
man
and
then
I'm
watching
it.
You
know, as one does, but uh I don't know, I feel fairly desensitized to it at this point, um but occasionally something will still happen where you're just like really, really
uh but
that's
it.
very stressful but interesting profession,
but
my wife hates physics and she hated having to take it in undergrad and she was complaining to a mentor of hers who was a professor at the Fed school about how it was dumb because none of the physics stuff is going to be useful as a veterinarian, and then he proceeded to tell her story about the time he was in africa and there was, I think like an injured giraffe who was stuck in a trench and they had to build a pulley thing to help it out. Music physics will be useful at some
point,
but
uh yeah, but I uh I was always fine with the physics stuff, I wanted to be a doctor when I was very young and then I learned about the requirements and the amount of biology and organic chemistry I would have to learn uh and yeah, opted to do something else. Uh Organic
chemistry is another one of those things where it's like, I'm never going to understand how you take the same things and you put them together in the same way and different stuff happens, it doesn't understand, I don't understand. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah,
I
think
it also
kind
of like Mhm. Mhm.
But
it's uh yeah, one of those things I I could not imagine surviving through, I joke with my wife all the time, that vet school almost killed me and I wasn't even in it. Uh It was, yeah, it's a hell of a stressful experience. What?
people?
Oh yeah, that that school is not like graduate school, so you are not getting paid at all, you are in fact paying a lot of money to be there. Uh And it is also a like all day every day in class kind of thing is it was it was a whole lot. I definitely couldn't have done it. What?
Non human primates, So she works with monkeys.
Yeah. Um so I mean she does like lab animals support stuff. Um so
share focuses in primates, but she also works with like other common lab animals. So like had recently she was working with hamsters, uh
that kind of stuff, so it's uh yeah, monkeys are adorable and terrifying, like I love him, but they are also very scary
for
like a last
oh, it's yeah, lab stuff,
so she does
uh like yes, so lab animal that's um
do
like the support for research and they handle things um like uh I mean crickets probably don't fall under it
copy.
so yeah, she does that for a lab that does studies on her does studies with monkeys and things, so um takes care of them and does protocol support for whatever the study
needs. So
it still is like occasionally quite scary uh to think about just how smart they are.
I remember.
Yeah, it's great and I also so like during her residency, they the institution she was that had a like outdoor colony. Um and so I got to go out and see all the monkeys and their adorable and stuff. Uh But they were they have these automated water things so the monkeys can go over and get themselves water without it standing around because they'll just make a master thrown at each other in that case. Um And they have to check to make sure that all of them are working so that um like that make sure the animals are cared for, but it's a pain to actually have to go into one of the enclosures because you've either got to be like decked out in protective gear, or you've got to get all the monkeys out and go in. So the solution is they train the monkeys to check the water dispensers so you walk over um and the monkey comes over and hits the thing and shows you the water is coming out, you give them a treat. The cool thing which is also like scary smart, is you only have to teach a small number of the monkeys that that will happen because then they will show each other.
Yeah, so you just like you teach like two monkeys in a cage that like when I come over if you press this thing, I'll give you a treat and they will demonstrate with the other monkeys and end up um like all of them will know how to do it by the end, which is very cool
that
What?
we're,
you
know
Mhm, mhm,
and
to conduct, so it connects the observed behavior to the executed behavior. That makes sense.
yeah that's the thing I uh saw talk about several years ago that for your brain there's not actually a difference between or not much of a difference between experiencing
something and remembering something. Uh
So that's would be particularly interesting I imagine um in the like clinical kind of psychology stuff because that's where by how PTSD
happens they're
not
yeah you can override associations. Most of my understanding of how brains work actually comes from understanding how artificial intelligence works.
So thinking about like if you get poor associations in an a eyes sort of database, you correct it by overloading it with new proper associations rather than deleting the old ones because you you don't want to take away whatever caused it to think that two things were linked. Um But you want to reinforce um sort of the linkage that you prefer, which is very much like trying to treat somebody's brain. It's a yeah, also a fairly new, very strange science
thought about eight.
in a lot of ways it already has uh
all of the like not all but a lot of the things that drive everyday life nowadays or ai under the covers. I got a I used to work at IBM and I once got a pay raise from Watson, the supercomputer that they put on jeopardy many years ago because they built this thing and they really liked it but they didn't know what they were actually going to do with it like to sell it. So they started looking into like various possibilities for things that they could do. And one of the things they did was they took a whole bunch of internal data at IBM and pumped it in there and it spit out a list of employees that should be given pay raises based on whatever all the metrics were. There was something like 15,000 people or something crazy. But uh so yeah, computer that won jeopardy decided I was underpaid.
Which I mean it's very nice to the computer I guess. A
I would
have been nice if the human beings around me had
noticed. But yeah sure
it's a good use of it. Well
my time.
he was, well
Youtube.