SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. For Uh huh Mhm. Mhm Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know. All right. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: gosh. You're the first woman that I've been paired up with. What you're my fourth conversation, have you? Is this the first door? Have
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: is my 6th 1.
SPEAKER_L: Oh your last one then in
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: actually one more so they upped it to seven, you've
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: been three different guys the whole time.
SPEAKER_L: you wait, yeah. Only guys um they've been nice but I'm not sure, you know, I didn't know if it was like a study about how people perceive conversations with men and women and how it changes like the dynamics or the amount people talk or whatever. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yesterday I had my first conversation with younger, younger gentleman kid and so I was kind of they've all been younger, kind of mixed older and younger women but yeah I guess it was the first time and I was like mm very like man,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how I would do it if they were all guys.
SPEAKER_L: won't mind so far. Like you know, I work with work with a lot of different people so uh you know, it's it's easy enough to make um to make the dynamics comfortable in that sense I guess. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. So how's your day going?
SPEAKER_R: it's actually pretty good. So um I live in new Mexico. Um so our governor just shut us down for two weeks. We're on a shelter in place is what they call it. So today I actually got up early because this weekend everybody was going crazy, there was lying. So our sam's I don't know if you have a sample has a gas station. So the line was all the way wrapped down by the gas station, people just standing in line, I'm like I was afraid I wasn't gonna get grocery. So this morning I got up super early with my daughter and I'm like, you know what, let's just go see, they're
SPEAKER_L: Coach.
SPEAKER_R: only letting 75 people at a time in the stores. Like that's it, you can only have 75 people.
SPEAKER_L: bob.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm like let's go see it if it's crazy or not get there and there's like no one there. So I'm like, oh thank you and the shelves are full, so it's been a good day.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh I'm glad for you that's that's about something else. It's we um I'm in michigan and uh we have a similar thing. It's not quite the shelter in place that we had towards the beginning of quarantine or the beginning of co I should say. Um Even though our numbers are like in michigan I think are like three or four times higher than they were when we were told to shelter in place. But this time we're allowed to do take out an outdoor dining. But no no sit down indoor dining. We are allowed to go to stores but it's quite restricted like yours masks are required everywhere and then just in time for thanksgiving and I don't think that this is going to be followed. She said that there are only two households allowed in every private gathering, so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well at least she allowed to ours is saying no, if they don't live in your household, they should not be in your home. She's pretty much told everybody not to, but nobody lessons here like your people who listen but so where I live like and this is just a culture, it's a big mexican culture and most people are just like if I get it I get it and I'm going to go see my family. And a lot of the older what you've seen mexican culture, a lot of older mexican
SPEAKER_L: Murder.
SPEAKER_R: because my husband's side of the family um is just mexican. And so they're very much like I would rather live knowing that I saw my Children and I can die happily than sit here and maybe die in my sleep one day. Like they're just the way they think
SPEAKER_L: love.
SPEAKER_R: and stuff is different. And so they also say like they can fix it with Vicks, like the vapor rub and like what is it big cinnamon and um hot sauce is kind of, that's kind of how people think down here, so it's like, wow, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my gosh. I mean it's a neurological condition, you can't fix neurological conditions with big steak bowl rub, although you feel pretty good when it comes to certain analysis.
SPEAKER_R: Well true. But what I've noticed here though is a lot of people, um our numbers have gone way up, but I think in the area that I live, we haven't seen a lot of deaths. There have been some, but most people have gotten recovered from it. So I think because the impact of how it's affecting people down here a little bit differently, I think it's just the whole idea of, well they recovered well, you know, so until recovered and they were fine, they couldn't taste their food, but you know,
SPEAKER_L: Quick.
SPEAKER_R: just, you can eat more and you know, and it's just kind of, it's just kind of how they live their lives and stuff and everybody does things differently, you know? But yeah, it's something, I don't know, it's just, it is what it is sometimes, But what part of michigan are you from? So I was born in michigan, my mom is from michigan. I have family in michigan, so, well
SPEAKER_L: I don't have any family in michigan. I'm in the Grand rapids area just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: where my family lives.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm an alto in the just to the Caledonia area. We live on a street that's the border of the two between Alfred and Caledonia. And we are here, my husband and I moved here because he's got family here. He's got uh three branches of family. Well, I should say all of his parents lived here. He has
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: an ex mother, ex stepmother, an ex stepmother, and then his both of his biological parents, you're hearing my cat in the background because I'm not paying for her, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay.
SPEAKER_L: But uh it is not my hometown. I
SPEAKER_R: You didn't
SPEAKER_L: mean, I feel like it's home after living here for almost a decade, but I was actually, I was born in Alaska and then I lived
SPEAKER_R: well now.
SPEAKER_L: in, yeah, I lived in California for my like formative years from like tend to college essentially. So I feel more like a California baby. Yeah, we're in Grand rapids. Is your family? Do you ever visit them?
SPEAKER_R: Um well we went, we went last year right before Covid hit. Unfortunately, my grandfather passed away, uh, last december. So we made an emergency trip out there, but it, it makes it hard um, to be out there. It's my grandparents, my aunts,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: my uncles, all my cousins on my mom's side, all of them except us. Well and, and I have an aunt that just moved to Georgia last year before all of this you so, but yeah, so they live, I'm not quite sure like exact areas. So I know of, they live in within grand rapids and where does my, I'm trying to think of the stream. Okay. Uh huh. Is it grand Granville and grandson? Yeah. I think, I know I'm half of them live in Grand rapids and the other half live near Granville. Um kind of a mixture and stuff. So very exciting. I have most of the people I've talked to have been from new york or California. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's neat. Yeah, I've had major metropolitans uh
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: so far to -1 I forget where um but so are you in New Mexico because of your husband's family?
SPEAKER_R: um so my dad was there force, so this is where we ended up and I graduated high school here. I moved and went and lived in pennsylvania for a while. Um I had a family friend who um their family was out there and she was going to school out there so they let me go to school out there and stay with them for a while. So I did that and then decided to come back and then I met my husband. So now we're here permanently. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm gone for you. That at least you've got family in the area belonging to your belonging to your husband. That's great. What do you how has this impacted your work? Right
SPEAKER_R: so I stay at home parent, so I just stay home with the kids to school. Um I have a little like craft business, so it's kind of affected that a lot. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: it could be
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: between
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: craft business.
SPEAKER_R: I see all your pains and stuff, so I'm like, oh you just ju
SPEAKER_L: yeah you can see by like I've got my stuff set up for for sewing. I'm like a mask theme and right now I'm making um we also love board games and so for our family we are making little um shrinky dink tokens for our family or to use on our board games. But tell me about your craft
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: business or
SPEAKER_R: um what I do is
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: I take pretty much all the junk from my husband's family, like all their floral, all their old christmas stuff and just turn it into stuff that people can use and kind of like repaint it re vibrated, like um I have something, I'll show you, I don't know if you can. Uh so a lot of this stuff came from my mother in law, like
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Hot apple cider.
SPEAKER_R: it is so a lot of that came from like old flowers she had in boxes and storage and she's like, I don't know, I can't do anything with it, you do something with it, and I'm like, okay, and so because I hadn't been working and I was trying to find something and my husband's like why don't you start crafting? And I'm like okay, and so yeah, that's what I do, I go to uh used to go to garage sales, take people's like old stuff and just kind of turn them into fun little household, like things you can put in your house that may be different, trying to find something fun little spin on things, so yeah, that's kind of stuff. I do. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh that's amazing, I love it. Okay I'm going to go off on a possibly related tangent but if you, okay do you listen to true crime podcasts?
SPEAKER_R: I do,
SPEAKER_L: Are you a murderer reno
SPEAKER_R: I am right,
SPEAKER_L: my gosh okay so you totally know all about the podcast. Um, I have you, How long have you been listening to? My favorite murder?
SPEAKER_R: so I got hooked on it, okay, so I think it was back in june or july I had a friend sent it to me and they're like, you need to listen to these, and I'm like, what is it? And she's like, no, she's like, she's like, it's pretty much like what you watch on tv like the true crimes, the stories, the reenactment. She's like, but you got to listen to it and so it started in july and I'm like, oh my gosh. And so she's, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's exciting. I started listening to them actually way back in the beginning. Like I think I started on like their second or third episode and they've been going on for years, but I am also part of like a call out club, I would say because book because uh, they are also really problematic and they don't seem to really grow and learn. Um, it's like a lot of
SPEAKER_R: Said
SPEAKER_L: toxic white feminism I feel. And uh, it's pretty challenging in some cases. So I've actually stopped listening to their podcast specifically. But because the listener base shares so many of my values and interests, I just stick with them and there was a Halloween one that they said, hey, we no longer want to, we want to maintain this group, but we no longer want to be associated with the podcast. What do you think? And everybody was like, yeah. Or most, everybody was like, yeah, So that's what they did. A non problematic um podcast that I love even more is called, um, true crime obsessed.
SPEAKER_R: after
SPEAKER_L: And I,
SPEAKER_R: now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they are Uh two people who love musical theater and one of the hosts is a man, he is gay and is just as flamboyant and as fun as possible. And they are so loving and caring and they're always donating to causes like none of their merch sales go to them. All of
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: their merch go to like donated donated places or I mean nonprofits. Um, but the reason why I brought it up with your craft stuff, it's because they've got such a huge online presence and feed on facebook about like, like Etsy sales and small crafts and stuff like that. So, uh, they are really supportive and there's a whole group, it's called like etc. Marino's or something like that. And it's for people who make things, but also people like me who I don't want to sell things, I want to buy olive. That thing is, and so you might get some good sales out there or if you want to bring it to a different level that can help you out if you need it. I'm not sure what level you've taken your crafting at, but it's a really important.
SPEAKER_R: that's actually really cool. Like I haven't heard much about anything like that. I'm kind of still new to all this because I kind of just started, we I started it last year and I decided just to do it through like my hometown and just facebook family like and we would send things here and there, but it wasn't a big hit. So then I tried, I've been trying the etc. Thing and I'm still learning that. But with Covid I've kind of taken a really big step back just because financially like buying everything. I'm kind of like, well I kind of wanna like wait and just see kind of how things go and you know I mean so yeah, so but I will check that out because I have a ton of stuff and I will need to do something with it. So maybe I can kind of find my way in there and maybe the learn some new tips and need some new people and kind of start getting out there and what not. So because yeah, this is all I do for surveys, is all I do for a little bit of extra income and stuff. But what about you, do you work? Do you?
SPEAKER_L: come on. I am a private music teacher. Uh, most of my time, um, and my main instrument I teach is piano and I've got the little ones like four years old to 14 years old and a little bit. And it was just one of those things where It was, you know, one week I mentioned to the parents, hey, let's take this week off until this calms down and I'll see you next week. Uh, and then it was, uh, oh, shoot, okay. I'll see you next. Fine. Then it was okay. I'll start teaching when the schools start up. Then
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: they went to hybrid. This is a really, um, high income area and there's a correlation, I feel like between high income and people who are science deniers and they really, um, pushed against remote learning. So they did like a hybrid type thing. And then the schools all got shut down because there was covid just rampant. Uh, he ended up being the highest county or the highest area in our county for a while. People like not on. Uh, but no, that was exactly what was going on in the hospitals were in trouble anyway. So when I said, okay, um, I don't know when I'm going to start back up again. Maybe, maybe the spring and now I'm like, it's not going to happen. It's not, we're not going to be back to a normal in a really long time. And even if my schools, even if my students were all in the same, um, like school system, which they're not, but even if they were kids are constantly touching their faces and touching the piano and you can't disinfect the piano the way you can a writing utensil, you know, for like tutoring. So I have been and I just didn't want to be a vector among kids. So I did some volunteering remotely and then I did volunteering in person, um, regarding the election, just getting out the vote types of things. And um, but with a lot of responsible people. So that was, that was important to me. If if I couldn't find a place that was being responsible, then I wouldn't have done that. So that's that's where I'm at right now. Um the election is over. So I'm kind of a holidays and family type stuff. I don't have any kids. I'm childfree by choice, um which gives me tons of energy to love the kids. Uh and kids tend to gravitate towards me. And I think that that's because I have that like little boof of energy where I can focus on them instead of just my child or you know, I mean there are some parents of course that have a great balance with that, but that's that's difficult.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: I hire anybody who can be a stay at home mom, like we can call it stay at home and right now it's a stay at home type thing, but I doubt that you're staying at home. You're probably doing all of the groceries and all of the dishes, and all of the cleaning while you're trying to take care of a kid. There's nothing
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: west about being that kind of parents. So you have my complete
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: athlete.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Well and it's funny because I was telling my husband, I said for everybody whoever wished they could be a stay at home parent, I'm like I would love to hear what people have to say about it now because now almost if your kids and you have to almost be a state of home parent especially here like there's just not many options and people have to stay home you know and for us I know here like income has just been hard, business is constantly shutting down and stuff so it's it's been a big balance, you know and I was a stay at home parent for by choice because I told my husband I was like wow I'm like if I get a job I don't want to just get a job to pay for daycare because where we live there's not a lot of like high income opportunities. Um And so I and I didn't finish my college degree, I hadn't finished it yet, so um we had some family emergencies come up so I wasn't able to finish um But I told him I'm like I don't want to just work a retail job for a discount, spend the money on whatever
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: day here I'm like for right now I'm willing to do this. So you know and our youngest, she's kindergarten, so she's just a kid, so I'm like you know we'll see what happens in the next couple of years and we'll go from there, so
SPEAKER_L: well. So you have you have a Kindergartner?
SPEAKER_R: We have a kindergartener and then my husband, I'm, when I married him he had two boys and I married him they were younger, but right now they are 13 and 12.
SPEAKER_L: Do they look with you or do they have shared custody
SPEAKER_R: Um we have split custody so it's
SPEAKER_L: please?
SPEAKER_R: 5050 so we see them six months out of the year and then they're with their mom. But we switch like every other week. Um She lives here with her husband um and her family also so they go back and forth and stuff and hang out and you know they're not as much of the handful as they used to be, so that's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That is good. Yeah. Those teen years, man, that's a that's a rough age. I mean it's a rough age to teach and to parents that I could tell. But it's got I mean do you remember being that age that was one of the hardest ages to be for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I remember and I'm very glad that we have one girl to go through what I remember like the boys are boys for the most part are pretty
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: chill. They get moments where they get a little snippet e and we're like oh hormones are changing. Yeah but we're gonna make it into a joke and then they just kind of disappear. Just kinda like
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: whatever.
SPEAKER_L: it Yeah. Okay. Well that's good. I'm glad. So prolific. Is that how you is that what you use the prolific uh website for this? Got it. I was just wondering if there were other ones like this, Like this seems like such a gem. I can't even believe finding something like this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've read on some of the surveys and stuff that I do that there are other um like in Turks like through amazon like also sends out a survey so you can qualify for their um I don't do that one because it seems to be more geared for people who work who have a job and since I don't I get kicked out of a lot. But this one seems more geared to me. Like I tend to get a lot more surveys from this and I have on any other platform but I have tried so it's been nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: sure too, that one of the barriers for people is that you have to earn five pounds before you can cash out. Which can be a deterrent for some people, but for people like me who know we're going to commit uh It makes a difference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well and it does well. And how much do you usually would you say you make for your surveys? I had somebody asked me that I was interested to hear
SPEAKER_L: And then I think it's the per hour type of thing and it ranges anywhere between five and like nine or 10.
SPEAKER_R: Here.
SPEAKER_L: Um But most of them are in the 7 to £8 range. This is the highest came one where it's like the 14 and change to get for these. You know each of these contracts just pretty nice. Um I I don't mind doing them at all like throwing some in between and then especially these because I have so little communication with people outside of home right now. Um But it's it's uh yeah I don't mind like poking in and seeing what kind of survey they have. Um Do you find that the computer versus the mobile ones have different pay?
SPEAKER_R: I've noticed from mobile ones, I've only had a few that have ranged from like $3 and up like $3 or $4. Like most of them are really small. I've noticed usually the computer ones tend to be more um money. I know. Um I think right now I'm and when I do computer ones I think I averaged between two and $4 this survey besides this one right now, I've had a lot of them will come in like three parts. So I had one that comes in three parts and it pays £6 of survey. So by the end of it it's like 18 and I'm like oh but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um I was talking to the guy that I talked to yesterday was like oh I just take the big ones and I don't take the little ones. But I think the trip is taking a little ones because I've noticed a lot of the bigger surveys come from the same. Um Once I do the little ones and stuff. So I told
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: him like you could take the little ones because I'm like it just ups your um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: profile
SPEAKER_L: it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: as far as a surveyor. And I said I think these companies are looking for certain people and you know that's how you get
SPEAKER_L: it's just
SPEAKER_R: these huge surveys and like the multiple ones for lots of money and whatnot and.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't even consider that the surveys I was offered are different than the surveys you were offered. That's interesting. I don't always have surveys available. I probably say that like a quarter of the time that I look, I'll have a survey available. What kind of availability do you get
SPEAKER_R: Um It's a pence. Sometimes
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I'll get a bunch all at once and sometimes it takes a while. Um But I've made it my goal to um every day at least to a dollar. So like that means I have it, I have it on my phone and I'll just look um in the tap section and it'll show if it has like a one or two or three and it took surveys available. So my goal is to try to do that. And I've noticed that since doing that, I've gotten a lot more higher paying surveys even because I was taking the smaller ones. Um I think a day lately I've been arranging I probably do post to anywhere between $3 and $5 a day now,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: you know? But yeah, it's just kind of at a habit. I've just been like, okay, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check. And some days it doesn't work out that way. Some days I only make like 50 cents. But then like yesterday I did like $8 or £8. And I'm like, so it gives them takes, you know, and I'm just like, okay, well, but I just signed up for, somebody was telling me about it's called triathlon. Um And it's basically what you do is they give out give opportunities for you to try products, that kind of lady telling me that's what she did. So she was giving me tips, she was like just start commenting on your favorite things, host, start doing this and whatever and making commentary and they're signing up. Um and she's like, they'll start sending you free products and like, oh my gosh, that would be amazing, like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And even if it's not something you're interested in you can probably find some way of utilizing it in its non intended way or is there a humbling and that's okay to go? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and so yeah, that's something I started today and actually I commented on a site on facebook. Um she recommended to say I went to it and they do like the polly pockets and so they have a show with Polly pocket. And so I was like, oh my gosh, this is my daughter, one of her favorite shows because that's what she's watching right now, is Hollywood. She loves that show and I was like, oh I'm so glad that you created this show. I'm like, my daughter loves it, it's so much fun to watch and just being normal, not expecting anything. And I got an email saying, hey, we're gonna send you the new Polly Pocket toys and I'm like seriously? Like I need to start coming doing more on like the things
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: that I'm like, oh yea, so I'm hoping like maybe, you know, to do like product testing and stuff and because I know that there are companies that pay for it, so I'm like, okay, maybe if I can figure out how to make my way into that, that would be another avenue, including surveys, so we'll see. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my gosh that's fantastic. I am going to tell you my name so that when you if that's okay. So when you go to the murder reno sc groups you can say oh is Krista there my name is Krystal with a K. K. R. I. S. T. A. And we're not supposed to put out identifying information but there's no other christa in the etc. Murder arena with a K. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Do they? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So all over when you get there be like is Forsberg Krystal with a K. And I'll see it. I'll see it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I will definitely do that. But it was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh you too. I can't believe how many things we have in common. I'm so happy.
SPEAKER_R: I know this is a great conversation most people didn't have anything in common with and I was like okay cognition but this was a really good one so it was
SPEAKER_L: My.
SPEAKER_R: nice to you and exciting to meet somebody else from michigan and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Well thank you so much and I hope the rest of your week goes really well.
SPEAKER_R: yours too.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, have a good one. Bye.