Hi. Mhm.
This
is my 6th 1.
So
actually one more so they upped it to seven, you've
been three different guys the whole time.
yesterday I had my first conversation with younger, younger gentleman kid and so I was kind of they've all been younger, kind of mixed older and younger women but yeah I guess it was the first time and I was like mm very like man,
I don't know how I would do it if they were all guys.
it's actually pretty good. So um I live in new Mexico. Um so our governor just shut us down for two weeks. We're on a shelter in place is what they call it. So today I actually got up early because this weekend everybody was going crazy, there was lying. So our sam's I don't know if you have a sample has a gas station. So the line was all the way wrapped down by the gas station, people just standing in line, I'm like I was afraid I wasn't gonna get grocery. So this morning I got up super early with my daughter and I'm like, you know what, let's just go see, they're
only letting 75 people at a time in the stores. Like that's it, you can only have 75 people.
So I'm like let's go see it if it's crazy or not get there and there's like no one there. So I'm like, oh thank you and the shelves are full, so it's been a good day.
Oh well at least she allowed to ours is saying no, if they don't live in your household, they should not be in your home. She's pretty much told everybody not to, but nobody lessons here like your people who listen but so where I live like and this is just a culture, it's a big mexican culture and most people are just like if I get it I get it and I'm going to go see my family. And a lot of the older what you've seen mexican culture, a lot of older mexican
because my husband's side of the family um is just mexican. And so they're very much like I would rather live knowing that I saw my Children and I can die happily than sit here and maybe die in my sleep one day. Like they're just the way they think
and stuff is different. And so they also say like they can fix it with Vicks, like the vapor rub and like what is it big cinnamon and um hot sauce is kind of, that's kind of how people think down here, so it's like, wow, okay.
Well true. But what I've noticed here though is a lot of people, um our numbers have gone way up, but I think in the area that I live, we haven't seen a lot of deaths. There have been some, but most people have gotten recovered from it. So I think because the impact of how it's affecting people down here a little bit differently, I think it's just the whole idea of, well they recovered well, you know, so until recovered and they were fine, they couldn't taste their food, but you know,
just, you can eat more and you know, and it's just kind of, it's just kind of how they live their lives and stuff and everybody does things differently, you know? But yeah, it's something, I don't know, it's just, it is what it is sometimes, But what part of michigan are you from? So I was born in michigan, my mom is from michigan. I have family in michigan, so, well
that's
where my family lives.
Who?
it's okay.
You didn't
well now.
Um well we went, we went last year right before Covid hit. Unfortunately, my grandfather passed away, uh, last december. So we made an emergency trip out there, but it, it makes it hard um, to be out there. It's my grandparents, my aunts,
my uncles, all my cousins on my mom's side, all of them except us. Well and, and I have an aunt that just moved to Georgia last year before all of this you so, but yeah, so they live, I'm not quite sure like exact areas. So I know of, they live in within grand rapids and where does my, I'm trying to think of the stream. Okay. Uh huh. Is it grand Granville and grandson? Yeah. I think, I know I'm half of them live in Grand rapids and the other half live near Granville. Um kind of a mixture and stuff. So very exciting. I have most of the people I've talked to have been from new york or California. Yes.
But
um so my dad was there force, so this is where we ended up and I graduated high school here. I moved and went and lived in pennsylvania for a while. Um I had a family friend who um their family was out there and she was going to school out there so they let me go to school out there and stay with them for a while. So I did that and then decided to come back and then I met my husband. So now we're here permanently. Yeah.
so I stay at home parent, so I just stay home with the kids to school. Um I have a little like craft business, so it's kind of affected that a lot. Yeah,
it could be
all
between
you.
I see all your pains and stuff, so I'm like, oh you just ju
So
um what I do is
I take pretty much all the junk from my husband's family, like all their floral, all their old christmas stuff and just turn it into stuff that people can use and kind of like repaint it re vibrated, like um I have something, I'll show you, I don't know if you can. Uh so a lot of this stuff came from my mother in law, like
it is so a lot of that came from like old flowers she had in boxes and storage and she's like, I don't know, I can't do anything with it, you do something with it, and I'm like, okay, and so because I hadn't been working and I was trying to find something and my husband's like why don't you start crafting? And I'm like okay, and so yeah, that's what I do, I go to uh used to go to garage sales, take people's like old stuff and just kind of turn them into fun little household, like things you can put in your house that may be different, trying to find something fun little spin on things, so yeah, that's kind of stuff. I do. Yes.
I do,
I am right,
so I got hooked on it, okay, so I think it was back in june or july I had a friend sent it to me and they're like, you need to listen to these, and I'm like, what is it? And she's like, no, she's like, she's like, it's pretty much like what you watch on tv like the true crimes, the stories, the reenactment. She's like, but you got to listen to it and so it started in july and I'm like, oh my gosh. And so she's, yeah.
Said
after
now. Mhm.
No.
that's actually really cool. Like I haven't heard much about anything like that. I'm kind of still new to all this because I kind of just started, we I started it last year and I decided just to do it through like my hometown and just facebook family like and we would send things here and there, but it wasn't a big hit. So then I tried, I've been trying the etc. Thing and I'm still learning that. But with Covid I've kind of taken a really big step back just because financially like buying everything. I'm kind of like, well I kind of wanna like wait and just see kind of how things go and you know I mean so yeah, so but I will check that out because I have a ton of stuff and I will need to do something with it. So maybe I can kind of find my way in there and maybe the learn some new tips and need some new people and kind of start getting out there and what not. So because yeah, this is all I do for surveys, is all I do for a little bit of extra income and stuff. But what about you, do you work? Do you?
And
it
is
man.
Well
thank you. Well and it's funny because I was telling my husband, I said for everybody whoever wished they could be a stay at home parent, I'm like I would love to hear what people have to say about it now because now almost if your kids and you have to almost be a state of home parent especially here like there's just not many options and people have to stay home you know and for us I know here like income has just been hard, business is constantly shutting down and stuff so it's it's been a big balance, you know and I was a stay at home parent for by choice because I told my husband I was like wow I'm like if I get a job I don't want to just get a job to pay for daycare because where we live there's not a lot of like high income opportunities. Um And so I and I didn't finish my college degree, I hadn't finished it yet, so um we had some family emergencies come up so I wasn't able to finish um But I told him I'm like I don't want to just work a retail job for a discount, spend the money on whatever
day here I'm like for right now I'm willing to do this. So you know and our youngest, she's kindergarten, so she's just a kid, so I'm like you know we'll see what happens in the next couple of years and we'll go from there, so
We have a kindergartener and then my husband, I'm, when I married him he had two boys and I married him they were younger, but right now they are 13 and 12.
Um we have split custody so it's
5050 so we see them six months out of the year and then they're with their mom. But we switch like every other week. Um She lives here with her husband um and her family also so they go back and forth and stuff and hang out and you know they're not as much of the handful as they used to be, so that's nice. Yeah.
Yes I remember and I'm very glad that we have one girl to go through what I remember like the boys are boys for the most part are pretty
chill. They get moments where they get a little snippet e and we're like oh hormones are changing. Yeah but we're gonna make it into a joke and then they just kind of disappear. Just kinda like
whatever.
I've read on some of the surveys and stuff that I do that there are other um like in Turks like through amazon like also sends out a survey so you can qualify for their um I don't do that one because it seems to be more geared for people who work who have a job and since I don't I get kicked out of a lot. But this one seems more geared to me. Like I tend to get a lot more surveys from this and I have on any other platform but I have tried so it's been nice.
Well
Well and it does well. And how much do you usually would you say you make for your surveys? I had somebody asked me that I was interested to hear
Here.
I've noticed from mobile ones, I've only had a few that have ranged from like $3 and up like $3 or $4. Like most of them are really small. I've noticed usually the computer ones tend to be more um money. I know. Um I think right now I'm and when I do computer ones I think I averaged between two and $4 this survey besides this one right now, I've had a lot of them will come in like three parts. So I had one that comes in three parts and it pays £6 of survey. So by the end of it it's like 18 and I'm like oh but
um I was talking to the guy that I talked to yesterday was like oh I just take the big ones and I don't take the little ones. But I think the trip is taking a little ones because I've noticed a lot of the bigger surveys come from the same. Um Once I do the little ones and stuff. So I told
him like you could take the little ones because I'm like it just ups your um
profile
as far as a surveyor. And I said I think these companies are looking for certain people and you know that's how you get
these huge surveys and like the multiple ones for lots of money and whatnot and.
Um It's a pence. Sometimes
I'll get a bunch all at once and sometimes it takes a while. Um But I've made it my goal to um every day at least to a dollar. So like that means I have it, I have it on my phone and I'll just look um in the tap section and it'll show if it has like a one or two or three and it took surveys available. So my goal is to try to do that. And I've noticed that since doing that, I've gotten a lot more higher paying surveys even because I was taking the smaller ones. Um I think a day lately I've been arranging I probably do post to anywhere between $3 and $5 a day now,
you know? But yeah, it's just kind of at a habit. I've just been like, okay, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check, I'm gonna check. And some days it doesn't work out that way. Some days I only make like 50 cents. But then like yesterday I did like $8 or £8. And I'm like, so it gives them takes, you know, and I'm just like, okay, well, but I just signed up for, somebody was telling me about it's called triathlon. Um And it's basically what you do is they give out give opportunities for you to try products, that kind of lady telling me that's what she did. So she was giving me tips, she was like just start commenting on your favorite things, host, start doing this and whatever and making commentary and they're signing up. Um and she's like, they'll start sending you free products and like, oh my gosh, that would be amazing, like
yeah, and so yeah, that's something I started today and actually I commented on a site on facebook. Um she recommended to say I went to it and they do like the polly pockets and so they have a show with Polly pocket. And so I was like, oh my gosh, this is my daughter, one of her favorite shows because that's what she's watching right now, is Hollywood. She loves that show and I was like, oh I'm so glad that you created this show. I'm like, my daughter loves it, it's so much fun to watch and just being normal, not expecting anything. And I got an email saying, hey, we're gonna send you the new Polly Pocket toys and I'm like seriously? Like I need to start coming doing more on like the things
that I'm like, oh yea, so I'm hoping like maybe, you know, to do like product testing and stuff and because I know that there are companies that pay for it, so I'm like, okay, maybe if I can figure out how to make my way into that, that would be another avenue, including surveys, so we'll see. I don't know.
Do they? Mhm.
I will definitely do that. But it was great talking to you.
I know this is a great conversation most people didn't have anything in common with and I was like okay cognition but this was a really good one so it was
nice to you and exciting to meet somebody else from michigan and
yours too.