Okay. Okay. For Uh huh Mhm. Mhm Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know. All right. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Hi.
gosh. You're the first woman that I've been paired up with. What you're my fourth conversation, have you? Is this the first door? Have
you?
Oh your last one then in
this?
Well
you wait, yeah. Only guys um they've been nice but I'm not sure, you know, I didn't know if it was like a study about how people perceive conversations with men and women and how it changes like the dynamics or the amount people talk or whatever. So I don't know.
I
won't mind so far. Like you know, I work with work with a lot of different people so uh you know, it's it's easy enough to make um to make the dynamics comfortable in that sense I guess. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. So how's your day going?
Coach.
bob.
Oh my gosh I'm glad for you that's that's about something else. It's we um I'm in michigan and uh we have a similar thing. It's not quite the shelter in place that we had towards the beginning of quarantine or the beginning of co I should say. Um Even though our numbers are like in michigan I think are like three or four times higher than they were when we were told to shelter in place. But this time we're allowed to do take out an outdoor dining. But no no sit down indoor dining. We are allowed to go to stores but it's quite restricted like yours masks are required everywhere and then just in time for thanksgiving and I don't think that this is going to be followed. She said that there are only two households allowed in every private gathering, so.
Murder.
love.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. I mean it's a neurological condition, you can't fix neurological conditions with big steak bowl rub, although you feel pretty good when it comes to certain analysis.
Quick.
I don't have any family in michigan. I'm in the Grand rapids area just
out.
Okay. I'm an alto in the just to the Caledonia area. We live on a street that's the border of the two between Alfred and Caledonia. And we are here, my husband and I moved here because he's got family here. He's got uh three branches of family. Well, I should say all of his parents lived here. He has
an ex mother, ex stepmother, an ex stepmother, and then his both of his biological parents, you're hearing my cat in the background because I'm not paying for her, I'm sorry.
But uh it is not my hometown. I
mean, I feel like it's home after living here for almost a decade, but I was actually, I was born in Alaska and then I lived
in, yeah, I lived in California for my like formative years from like tend to college essentially. So I feel more like a California baby. Yeah, we're in Grand rapids. Is your family? Do you ever visit them?
well,
Oh yeah, that's neat. Yeah, I've had major metropolitans uh
so far to -1 I forget where um but so are you in New Mexico because of your husband's family?
Well, I'm gone for you. That at least you've got family in the area belonging to your belonging to your husband. That's great. What do you how has this impacted your work? Right
tell
me
about
your
craft business.
yeah you can see by like I've got my stuff set up for for sewing. I'm like a mask theme and right now I'm making um we also love board games and so for our family we are making little um shrinky dink tokens for our family or to use on our board games. But tell me about your craft
business or
all
Oh my gosh. Hot apple cider.
my gosh that's amazing, I love it. Okay I'm going to go off on a possibly related tangent but if you, okay do you listen to true crime podcasts?
Are you a murderer reno
my gosh okay so you totally know all about the podcast. Um, I have you, How long have you been listening to? My favorite murder?
that's exciting. I started listening to them actually way back in the beginning. Like I think I started on like their second or third episode and they've been going on for years, but I am also part of like a call out club, I would say because book because uh, they are also really problematic and they don't seem to really grow and learn. Um, it's like a lot of
toxic white feminism I feel. And uh, it's pretty challenging in some cases. So I've actually stopped listening to their podcast specifically. But because the listener base shares so many of my values and interests, I just stick with them and there was a Halloween one that they said, hey, we no longer want to, we want to maintain this group, but we no longer want to be associated with the podcast. What do you think? And everybody was like, yeah. Or most, everybody was like, yeah, So that's what they did. A non problematic um podcast that I love even more is called, um, true crime obsessed.
And I,
they are Uh two people who love musical theater and one of the hosts is a man, he is gay and is just as flamboyant and as fun as possible. And they are so loving and caring and they're always donating to causes like none of their merch sales go to them. All of
their merch go to like donated donated places or I mean nonprofits. Um, but the reason why I brought it up with your craft stuff, it's because they've got such a huge online presence and feed on facebook about like, like Etsy sales and small crafts and stuff like that. So, uh, they are really supportive and there's a whole group, it's called like etc. Marino's or something like that. And it's for people who make things, but also people like me who I don't want to sell things, I want to buy olive. That thing is, and so you might get some good sales out there or if you want to bring it to a different level that can help you out if you need it. I'm not sure what level you've taken your crafting at, but it's a really important.
come on. I am a private music teacher. Uh, most of my time, um, and my main instrument I teach is piano and I've got the little ones like four years old to 14 years old and a little bit. And it was just one of those things where It was, you know, one week I mentioned to the parents, hey, let's take this week off until this calms down and I'll see you next week. Uh, and then it was, uh, oh, shoot, okay. I'll see you next. Fine. Then it was okay. I'll start teaching when the schools start up. Then
they went to hybrid. This is a really, um, high income area and there's a correlation, I feel like between high income and people who are science deniers and they really, um, pushed against remote learning. So they did like a hybrid type thing. And then the schools all got shut down because there was covid just rampant. Uh, he ended up being the highest county or the highest area in our county for a while. People like not on. Uh, but no, that was exactly what was going on in the hospitals were in trouble anyway. So when I said, okay, um, I don't know when I'm going to start back up again. Maybe, maybe the spring and now I'm like, it's not going to happen. It's not, we're not going to be back to a normal in a really long time. And even if my schools, even if my students were all in the same, um, like school system, which they're not, but even if they were kids are constantly touching their faces and touching the piano and you can't disinfect the piano the way you can a writing utensil, you know, for like tutoring. So I have been and I just didn't want to be a vector among kids. So I did some volunteering remotely and then I did volunteering in person, um, regarding the election, just getting out the vote types of things. And um, but with a lot of responsible people. So that was, that was important to me. If if I couldn't find a place that was being responsible, then I wouldn't have done that. So that's that's where I'm at right now. Um the election is over. So I'm kind of a holidays and family type stuff. I don't have any kids. I'm childfree by choice, um which gives me tons of energy to love the kids. Uh and kids tend to gravitate towards me. And I think that that's because I have that like little boof of energy where I can focus on them instead of just my child or you know, I mean there are some parents of course that have a great balance with that, but that's that's difficult.
So
I hire anybody who can be a stay at home mom, like we can call it stay at home and right now it's a stay at home type thing, but I doubt that you're staying at home. You're probably doing all of the groceries and all of the dishes, and all of the cleaning while you're trying to take care of a kid. There's nothing
west about being that kind of parents. So you have my complete
athlete.
What?
well. So you have you have a Kindergartner?
Do they look with you or do they have shared custody
please?
That is good. Yeah. Those teen years, man, that's a that's a rough age. I mean it's a rough age to teach and to parents that I could tell. But it's got I mean do you remember being that age that was one of the hardest ages to be for me.
What?
But
it Yeah. Okay. Well that's good. I'm glad. So prolific. Is that how you is that what you use the prolific uh website for this? Got it. I was just wondering if there were other ones like this, Like this seems like such a gem. I can't even believe finding something like this. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm
sure too, that one of the barriers for people is that you have to earn five pounds before you can cash out. Which can be a deterrent for some people, but for people like me who know we're going to commit uh It makes a difference. Yeah.
And then I think it's the per hour type of thing and it ranges anywhere between five and like nine or 10.
Um But most of them are in the 7 to £8 range. This is the highest came one where it's like the 14 and change to get for these. You know each of these contracts just pretty nice. Um I I don't mind doing them at all like throwing some in between and then especially these because I have so little communication with people outside of home right now. Um But it's it's uh yeah I don't mind like poking in and seeing what kind of survey they have. Um Do you find that the computer versus the mobile ones have different pay?
Yeah.
the
Yeah
it's okay.
it's just
I didn't even consider that the surveys I was offered are different than the surveys you were offered. That's interesting. I don't always have surveys available. I probably say that like a quarter of the time that I look, I'll have a survey available. What kind of availability do you get
but
Oh my gosh.
Yeah. And even if it's not something you're interested in you can probably find some way of utilizing it in its non intended way or is there a humbling and that's okay to go? Uh huh.
my
Yeah. Oh my gosh that's fantastic. I am going to tell you my name so that when you if that's okay. So when you go to the murder reno sc groups you can say oh is Krista there my name is Krystal with a K. K. R. I. S. T. A. And we're not supposed to put out identifying information but there's no other christa in the etc. Murder arena with a K. Uh huh.
So all over when you get there be like is Forsberg Krystal with a K. And I'll see it. I'll see it. Yeah.
Oh my gosh you too. I can't believe how many things we have in common. I'm so happy.
My.
Yeah. Absolutely. Well thank you so much and I hope the rest of your week goes really well.
Hey, have a good one. Bye.