Hello?
What?
Good, how are you?
Good. Well this is odd, isn't it? Talking to them too?
I have done it once before. Yeah, a
long time ago with a couple of months ago so.
have
fun.
Good. Was it fun?
Yeah, I had the same experience. It was very nice and I liked her enormously. So that's fun. Raymond. Well
what should we talk about?
Well tell me about you. What do you what do you do? Are you are you a student? Are you working? What are you doing?
Well I am, I'm a professor so I actually have the same problem because I helped. Right, So I have I've been going online too, so I've been teaching my classes online. I only had one this summer, but yeah, that's the kind of the same thing, right? Getting ready to, I don't know what we're doing in the fall, Are we teaching online? Are we teaching in person? What are we doing?
I don't know nobody, No.
No one knows.
school, my school could just continually announces like we might go online, but we don't have to go online, but we might, but thank you for your flexibility, you
know?
So, and
I'm in
florida.
So our numbers are high. So we'll just see how this goes. Yeah, we'll see when we have this go. So, what are you studying?
that's very fun.
Good. Well, part of my PhD was in gender studies, so, yeah, I
know that world very, very well. Great. What do you do with that?
That's
Yeah. No, that's okay. You can figure that out. You don't have to figure that out in college. You're on the life. You're fine. That's what I tell my students all the time. You don't have to figure it out right now. Just
have to figure out. Just figure out the next step. That's what we got to do.
Like I'm going to get up and go to class. That's all you have to figure out. Please love of God, let's do that.
yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, no, that's okay. You'll be all right. Just remember this. This is a universal truth. And I tell my students all the time, your first job will be terrible. It's a point. It's okay. It's fine.
Well, you get your first job, you learn something out of it, you go to the next job, you learn something out of it. It's fine. You're okay. You don't have to have it all figured out. Don't you don't have to get your perfect job the first time out, it's great if you do,
I don't know anybody who did that. So like all of my acquaintances, friends, I just can't imagine you've got to figure it out, you're fine, you're doing great.
I actually have a student who is I teach theater and so I kind of a student who's a double major in psychology and theater who is going into uh fine arts therapy, that's your point.
Actually
actually and I had another I had another, I've had multiple students who have done the double major in theatre in psychology and um my other one is actually currently getting into trying to get his M. F. A. And acting. So you know psychology is going to go out the window and he started to walk on his craft, you know what I mean
that far?
initiated
then
actually. Exactly, yeah. No it's great. Absolutely.
Well it does it does work really well. Yeah, there's a there's some really interesting dramas, therapy um people out there and and thoughts that really haven't you know become popular shall we say. But they're really bad into things so much more. There's some good work happening with veterans coming back from the war and dealing E. T. S. G. And through with drama therapy so.
Well
you know Adam driver who's the Star Wars actor? He's got a huge organization that does that like that was that's like his yeah
he's like all about that's really interesting.
Oh okay so that he's odd looking human but he's a really good after that. He's a really good actor. So
apparently he found I'm of course quoting like you know from memory here so who knows what they're telling you the truth. But I think what I read was that because you know he's a veteran and he was dealing with some ptsd himself and found theater and acting that way. So that's how
we
got
all red. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean it's great. Right. Yeah, it's really interesting and you know, he's helping other vets, so that's cool.
Yeah. Yeah. So what do you do for fun?
No, no,
no,
I'll have to take it. I've seen it and thought about it and I haven't done it.
Okay, Okay. I've taken a few coursera classes. I'll have to get, I'll have to
Put that one on my list.
that's
good.
Yeah, it's weird, right? Like I think a lot of tv it's amazing how much video consume in
I um let's see, I've been going outside a lot more so
going outside for a run and getting outside for, you know, just in fact, just to sit on the porch, like just to be outside and see other people. Like I think I've gotten to the point where I need to see other students because I don't go or go out, you know, um you know, I get a Starbucks once a day from the drive through, you know, fully masked
nothing else. So you know, it's like you just need to kind of get out of the house a little bit more. You know what I mean?
Hard. It's really hard.
It
sort of feels like everything shut down in a way that like you don't, you like all your connections shut down to, although I've also been in way more contact with all my friends like from college, but you know, we've been zooming and it's you know, great. We get to see each other way more than we used to. So kind of fun.
I do miss, I did miss, I usually go up for a couple weeks to see my best friend and do some research and some writing and things
that Georgia I didn't get to because you know quarantine. So
yeah well we're starting to talk about we're we we just said yesterday maybe we should just go maybe we should just get an Airbnb and just like scrub the place down and just do it because we've both been quarantining and we don't have it so you know
then
you know and you know we're going to go right back to our houses and just stay there so it's not like we're going to spread it anywhere if we did. Mhm And I really don't know how I would get that. But anyway so you so you're going back to school are you going back onto campus or do you,
We're doing a thing we're doing
a thing for classes where it wouldn't work for 300 obviously, but like 20, what we do is we have two groups and so 10 people would be in the room and 10 people are on Zoom. So you're teaching like you're something you're online and sometimes you're not online, it just
depends.
Well,
yeah, so we'll see how that works because you know, when you're wearing a mask in the classroom, I don't know if it's going to be the same. You might,
I think that problem. So I'm thinking um I might do something a little different, I might do it, I might do like a separate one where they can actually see my face and they can hear me more clearly because I'm afraid, I'm afraid, especially in the theater, they're just not going to hear it or it's gonna be unclear or
damage.
Well, fortunately so I so I this semester we don't have, we have an acting class in the Stagecraft class. Both of those are very hands on. I
have an advanced prop making class, which is also very hands on, but a little more independent, so I don't, it's not quite the same. Um and the others are all writing and reading and thinking two, because I think I'll be okay interactions, stage design
and dramatic writing. So I think I can, I think I can manage those. Those are going to be, I think mostly online, so oh,
we're gonna be fine. I just need to not get the corona, so you
want to get to, that's
what
I'm sorry, what
I mean, florida,
I think florida,
I don't
know.
so you're
innocent,
Yeah. Well, yeah, I, yeah, no, I'm in the hotbed of the world, I believe
it's
very fun,
very fun. So
fun.
Yeah. At any point, I just know we're going to get shut down, like there's we are getting to the moment now. We're like, yes,
I think they're going to get there. I think they're going to get there. I mean we're just
Yeah. Well, my governor isn't it actually? I'm surprised I didn't vote for him um before this, he actually did some really nice things, some
reaching
across bipartisan work, you know, it was great, but now this is like way above his pay grade and he's but he's terrible. Really, really bad.
So um yeah, so that hasn't worked out great for him and apparently he was supposed to be a presidential contender. Got it. What? Someone you can look
right? No, no, he's bungled this one really badly, so. Yeah.
Well, I mean you don't need when you when you elect a governor, you don't think to yourself, can they handle a worldwide pandemic?
You
don't really about that? Like that's silliness. So
no killing right? Like totally. Absolutely Can this person actually lead us through, you know, the terrible crisis? I don't know. I think the answer is mostly know for people who go into politics, but we'll see.
Very little. They're a special animals are the ones who actually wanted to be actually wanted to be president when I was little. Very little. And somewhere
along the line I just lost that.
Yeah, I don't well I wanted to do it because I wanted to make change. Right? I wanted to do
something.
I don't actually do anything.
So that got lost in college
when I decided to be a theater person instead.
What I wanted to do what I was supposed to do anyway. So it's fine. It's fine. Mhm. Exactly what I was supposed to do. So,
So the coronavirus numbers aren't bad where you are.
Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, I think.
Right. And here in florida, when we did shut down, we didn't really shut down like, but there were just a lot of people who were like, this is a hope is and just running around like mad, you know, chickens with their heads cut off and
not missing love. And my um my my subdivision has, I don't know if they do this in California. This is a very specific florida thing that we have like community amenities. And so like you have uh you have a bunch of houses, but then they have like pools and playgrounds and things that are all community
owned. And so but the great controversy has been when with the pool open because home I do that I want my pool. And you know everybody's like it doesn't spread to the water. No your name, your face. Which is the virus spreader is above the water.
That would
be the problem. All right.
Oh florida.
Oh yeah.
Well I've gone past the pool a couple of times and there's no social distancing. There's no math, nobody's doing anything.
Well I'm not using the pool.
There is a
I'm gonna be using a pool. That will be madness. Madness. But
we have
in our community has been doing um well they started doing it and then they had to stop it because people were being terrible. They were having food trucks come to our neighborhood and they were part and so there would be like, you know like a couple of times a week you could go and you know
I know my food truck, which is kind of but then then people started bringing lawn chairs and then it became a large outdoor picnic.
And then you have to go, no, stop, stop, stop. Okay.
there's just so much crazy in florida. There's so
much
it's actually going down now. So I think like when the numbers were really low, everybody was going like, well, I don't know anybody really. It's fine.
And then and then, you know, people start dropping like flies and then they go, Mhm
Maybe
I
still
do something about this. Huh? Well anyway, passing
night.
But
well,
I love I have several countries that I love because I live I've lived overseas a number of times and I'm
like, I look at look at like the Netherlands and I look at the Czech Republic and you know, I look at them and just go, you're
doing well, I
want to go get coaching and go
to there. I cannot because we can't novel now because the world has shut us down because we're idiots.
That
Yeah. Right now we actually deserve that. But it's like having a group project, you know, this very well and we're the ones who are doing the work, right? And then there's one kid who can't
do the work.
Always one, there's always
Right. Right. That we can't have a logical conversation about how about we lessen our chance of getting this by wearing a piece of cloth across our
faith. Right? That seems like a very reasonable thing to say.
Well, I probably wonder too. I wonder because I know that the regional initial studies where it helps you not to spread it and now we're getting studies that say wearing that also helps you not to get it
But one well yeah like there was a recent study, I don't know, I don't remember where it came out of it. It was published I believe in the Lancet which is you know high quality medical Journal that it's 65% lowers your own risk by 65%.
Which is very nice. Indeed. I will take that odd. I was
I actually I actually made masks before they said it. I made homemade mass from the family.
The problem
is I was looking at Asia and I was going huh their coronavirus numbers are very low and they have a mask culture. I will wear that and that.
I
know.
I'm obsessed with Korea because I'm obsessed with korean television. So
I got to do that. So amazing. I'm going back for you. Yes. What do you want? Like what are you, what are your favorites?
What else is there korean television? Everything is this.
She well
he is
not
included
telling him
I haven't
seen
her.
It's everything about korean romances and dramas is fun. Like it's so
it's so much fun. Have you seen My Love from Another Star?
that's
like
The Quintessential one.
It's
Good, It's Good.
That
my
Love from Another Star,
it
sometimes has sometimes has different, it'll kind of be, sometimes they'll be english translations that are variations of that, but that's the one I just got the DVD for my birthday because
and to own it forever according to my husband. So it's really good. It is extraordinarily good.
I got started in korean television because at one point you lose suggested that I might want to watch Vampire prosecutor with.
it's so ridiculous. It is the most ridiculous piece of television I've ever seen in my life and I was obsessed. Like
so
so I mean like there's several things you have to get over, like vampires in Korea are different. Like they have different rules, they can go up in the sun that's
fine fine of they can drink uh like their blood requirements are different. Like they can have, it's all very confusing. Um Then they can just but so basically what this guy does is he goes and he will find a murder victim and if he tastes the blood he can tell you what happened and then he investigate it that way
and it's compact,
right? So um also a prosecutor in Korea is like the person who prosecutes the case but also investigates it. So like it's and
it was like a lot of work but also it's really, I don't know anyway. I would that's that then it was just a slippery slope from there. And then next thing you know
you're watching
I love korean intelligence so much and then of course I know I want to go to Korea which now I can't do because
My miracle.
Oh right. I have
we have a place close to the house called bon chon. I don't know if you have they don't you know it's
franchise but I'm not sure. Um It's a korean fried chicken restaurant. Yeah.
literally it's crazy delicious. I know that sounds like I write I watch T. V. A lot and I would I would see them eating chicken and go well that must why is it so delicious? We have I live in the south. I know a project
uh it's like fried chicken. It is not there is actually more delicious,
extraordinary. So, so like, you know how if you get like, if you get Kentucky fried chicken and you put it in your fridge the next day, it's kind of gross.
Not delicious anymore. Korean fried chicken stays crispy, no matter how long you leave it in the fridge, I don't know, it's magic. I think it's vampires.
I mean
the
parts
are different, so I don't know. So we'll get, we'll get korean fried chicken every once in a while, just for fun.
so good.
So good. So then, you know, then there's the danger of, you know when you're watching a korean television show and then you go, oh, hey, they just got some korean fried chicken. Maybe I should pick up the float.
Right, dangerous. Came to play. Oh, it's really good though. It is very
good.
Yeah, no, and I've lived in places far from korean food and I'm glad not to have to do that anymore. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Live in Korea. At least you're going to have something, yep. Well it looks like we are at 25 minutes.
Well what a pleasure as well. I hope you have a wonderful school year. I
hope
you don't get the coronavirus. You're doing everything right. So my
love
from Another Star, you watch it
really good. It's really good. You'll love it.
What to you?
Why?