it's a strange okay. Mm hmm, mhm mhm. I've yes. Right. Five minutes. Yeah, yeah. Mhm Yeah, yeah, sound mm Okay. Yeah, yeah, there we are. Hello?
all right, let me from my glasses off here. What about you? How about you?
I'm john john yeah, so I'm still not quite sure how to go up. I've done this twice now. It's always fun to talk about. So uh possible.
I think so. I think I think one was America, I'm not sure the other one was, I haven't actually asked but he had an accent that was not what I usually hear around here. So I think he was from somewhere else. I'm not sure. Mhm. Yeah, yeah,
any case. So uh tell me about yourself,
you don't have to say I'm not trying to pry or anything, but it's a good way
to find something to talk to them.
Oh yeah, I'm kind of a freelance writer. I just sort of pieced together things here and there. Mhm.
Yeah, I write about the worst topic in the world. Video. Yeah.
Kind of, you
know,
you're
writing
about them, they're your enthusiasm kind of dampens of it. Yeah, I just wrote a bit of a guide on the game, Animal Crossing New Horizons actually. Yeah. Yeah,
I can't.
They,
yeah, yeah, most mobile games I find completely un interesting. They're just, I mean there are some exceptions, but those exceptions usually they went on my phone, so Yeah, yeah, so
yeah, my riding at least isn't much affected. There are some things that, I mean the primary venue life and selling, writing too has had to cut their budget, so I'm kind of scrambling find other other live income. But yeah, I think, I think it will turn out okay, eventually it would help if in the United States we didn't have an utter moron as a president. I don't even want to get into it. And he's so stupid. So stupid. I can't even laugh about anymore. Oh, God.
He felt stupid. It
would be funny
stuff.
He's gotten hundreds of thousands of people killed over a disease that most of the US of the world is just just, oh God, and there are still people who vote for him. It's just it's it's it's it takes it.
Why?
Yeah. It's just I
kind of I don't wish that I had gone put in contact with her because if I had, we would have a very animated 25 minutes
currently.
Yeah, wear a face mask everywhere I go
in. Yeah,
I'll
be by
because because they're stupid. Let's just put
it
out.
author, I can't believe the republicans have turned basic
basic public safety into a political football. It's so
no.
What
I
it's
media scientists,
expert professionals all say get vaccinated. It's important. It's essential. Then one YouTube video says, man, you don't need a vaccination. And I believe
that. Uh huh.
It's just like random person on internet. Just is there, go to there, go to authority. Uh
Can we talk
about something else is depressing?
mostly I read twitter and websites and get mad. Uh twice a week. We have this thing we do on the internet where we watch bad movies. Yeah. We we have a chat room. We watch bad movies. About nine or 10 of us. Yeah. We actually want to show mystery science theater 3000, which is about watching ended up making fun of bad movies. But we also just watch bad movies. Yeah.
And some of these are they're not all bad, some are just weird. We actually saw a movie
a few days ago called Hell drivers Black and White
movie from the UK. Uh
It stars Sean Connery Early in his career, like like 1950s and 1960s also had William Hartnell, the first doctor who and Patrick McGoohan, the prisoner. Uh They were all in the same movie. It was basically about an evil company taking advantage of truck drivers in the UK. It was a very interesting movie, but it's the kind of thing we dig up for this. Mhm.
United States, unfortunate. Yeah,
I know. So I know I know someone who comes from the U. K. Uh and she has a strong british accent that there
might be some of that there. Um I actually have a very atypical accent. I'm actually in the US South but I don't have much of a southern accent. Yeah
I think that's part because I tend to assume people with that accent are pretty stupid. You know it's because I mean correlation is not causation having that accent doesn't make you stupid but a lot of people with that accent are stupid you
know it's independent uh
independent factors but they they're there they happened to coincide a lot.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh What else? Usually it is the point where someone would talk talk about tv shows or movies that they've seen but I do watch very many T. V. Shows and all that we watch are really bad. Yeah
it's
been a lot of families place here lately actually. Yeah. Yeah there's been a lot of arguments and such. Yeah I don't really it's kind of sad. I'm kind of worried about people. I hope it works
out.
I'm staying with family of telling the family, Huh?
I'm not, but the others in the family are just, I'm just trying to keep everyone together, you know? Yeah. Trying
to think. Here's something weird. Have you heard about those things called marble sports?
This is, this is great, but it's very silly. This is very silly uh, with the coded crisis going on. You know, a lot
of professional sports are kind of taking a break this year. There's this youtube channel gels or jealous. I forgot it's a dutch where
I'm not sure
how to pronounce it. Jelly's marble runs basically. They make tracks for marbles to roll down and they make up teams for them and they have them do like Racists on
florida florida. Uh,
but they make up teams for them and they have a new races and they time them professionally. They have professional graphics packages be broadcast and they have a color commentator. Have someone who narrates this Greg woods
and they play it completely straight. It's
if
you would think that this is actual sports except their little marbles rolling around the track.
It's a well
these are some of the events actually some of this marble racing the marble it gets to the end of the track fastest. Yeah but there's also this thing they do called Marble League which used to be called marble olympics except the olympic committee got angry at them about that. The olympic committee is very very protective of the word olympics. I'm not kidding. They will see you so fast.
Uh Well the they the marble people they just did it as you know, took me to name it. But the olympics, the international olympic committee got angry at them. They get angry everyone uses towards olympics. That's not official licensee of the olympic committee. And so they changed the name to Marble League. They put your marbles to events like the high jump where they have marbles uh jump off a ramp and tried to go over
a stick. Uh huh.
they have
this I'm telling you both is to make you laugh at this really exists. This really exists. Look for it on Youtube. J. E. L. L. E marble
run.
We've been doing this for five years. Yeah this is the 5th anniversary I think it's great that it's been just the thing we've needed actually since professional sports is picking a break. Well it's starting to rain outside. Bit of the thunder.
You know what this
means?
You know what this means right? Everyone, everyone in the world is the same weather.
No kidding. Yeah.
Oh uh it's Brunswick Georgia.
Yeah. The deep heart of the stupidity. Uh
I can talk about friends like that because I have lived here for a lot.
No, no I went I went to a better state than here. Better college. He was still in Georgia. Yeah, I got a master's degree so
and uh and I'm still here.
Why? I don't know. Pretty sad.
No.
No
that's not
it. No.
No, not at all. Not at all. I have the cost of living here is very loud. That's about the best I can pay for it.
Yeah. Yeah, that's good. It
is.
Well
no.
molly.
Yeah, we're hoping. Yeah, it's an excellent chance that Joe Biden will win. And uh and
I
think
it's 85,
let's think 85 days, 85
days
now.
No, no, no. There
are a ton
of fair,
ton of, there are a ton of people who hate trump and some
of them voted for him thinking he might actually be, you know, good for a change or something and he he is a blithering imbecile, he
is
he is, he cares out,
he cares about so little, he has so little intellectual capacity, he's not trying to convince people that it's nothing wrong with his hair. Oh,
that's exactly right,
and the thing is about Trump, but we've known all this for for for over a decade. He was like this in the early 90s, he's never changed, he's had four bankruptcies, A lot of the business were outright scams, like trump university, that
sort of, it was, it was sort of distance learning thing. And basically, yeah, he's been investigated by a by authorities over that and he's had to pay back some of the money that you got. Its, oh, I could go on
for a long time about trump. So we should probably talk about something else. So yeah,
if you want to know why the world is as bad at places. It is, there is this podcast called Behind the bastards hosted by robert Evans about the worst people in the world, uh,
in history and currently, and it, he goes over a lot of the people who are directly responsible for the huge problem that we have right now. And it's, if it doesn't want help because if we could somehow stuff thwart these
people, things would be a lot better. Uh, just any case, uh, what out sweat ups. I mean I'm trying
to think of interesting things.
No,
no, no. The last time I went to a Disney Park was like over 10 years ago actually. Probably 15 years ago. Yeah it's been a long time I had a vacation like that.
but
but who knows when that will be the people in charge of the pandemic are morons. I
mean
six
months.
You
bet it is six months, it's still half a year from now. Yeah.
Yeah and oh and I live in Georgia. Our governor brian kemp is the dumbest of the lot. Yeah. He
no taking very little. Yeah
we
live in the
first.
very good. Or that are too tight. I mean it's so I mean the governor refuses to mandate facemasks they they closed very late and they reopened very early.
I
saw,
I saw a scary picture of a Georgia high school just like crowded halls.
I heard about that. Of course they shoot the messenger and said uh solving the problem. That's just exactly what republican politics are these days.
Yeah. She she she's an excellent person and unfortunately it's the state right now if you draw attention to the horrible things that happen in this country that people try to punish you for that.
it's huge. It's a huge problem and
there
Mhm.
Mr
I don't know, I
am
not in school, I don't know for sure but I
find it difficult to believe that they said absolutely nothing but the fact situation and that picture exists is extremely troubling.
it's so it's it's so
sad.
You get back
to work
thank you. Good
you know.
Yeah. Yeah. Good luck. Uh Okay. It's not a huge amount of time left. I'm trying to think of something, something interesting. Most of the stuff that I've been like watching is beyond Youtube and stuff like electronic videos. Computer programming videos. Just
no my message of using english literature actually. I just really really like computers but
as
Yeah.
Well
you can still learn, I mean if you ever get to learn some coding, my suggestion to look into the programming language, python, python is excellent. It's not hard to learn at all and it's the biggest thing and that's hiring right now.
Yeah. For computer programmers and you can do an awful lot with python. The great thing about python is that there's libraries for everything. If you want to do image processing, you can you can just download a module for that and start
do doing image processing coding. Uh
Natural language, there's modules for that protect manipulation for for sciences, it's all kinds of stuff that people have already done. They solve problems and make them available as a library that you can use.
well
yeah, I'm kind of a freak that way. Yeah.
I know, I know possibly too much about computers. Yeah.
Well I'm sure, I don't know I've tried but you know it's still weird job market, it's a bad job market in Georgia especially. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the best place in the world to look for employment for something
computer
related considering moving to Atlanta but so expensive. They're relatively has been there. Yeah,
I'm really hoping something pulls together for me. I got I got a hearing more money than what I've got right now. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh not at all. Not at all, no.
Yeah, I think it's about 26 minutes now. Yeah, we can talk maybe an extra minute or two to make sure. Do you want to do that?
Yeah, I'm trying to think of of something entertaining to talk about or show, but
no, I've got Archie Mcphee catalogue here I guess. Yeah, they saw they saw weird things. Yeah. You see the rubber chicken on the front? Where? Where? Yeah, Yeah,
let's be out. Uh the horsehead scroll theater. Yeah, this this is a plastic,
this is a plastic head of a horse. You you put you
put
school
food
in it. Yeah, he tried it like that. Yes,
you put squirrel food in it, the squirrels go up into it, looks like they have a horse head. Mhm.
There's all kinds of ridiculous stuff in here. Uh Yeah,
costumes, they're like masks, hoods you put on your head, you also put on your cat's head.
you and your cat. Oh
I got this at least.
Yeah. They said you know, if you start
asking, go on.
Uh But this they send you free in the mail.
Yeah, it's a catalog. Yeah. Yeah.
It's explorers for all kinds of ages. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So that
that's been about 28 men. I think. That'll be good
as much.
Nice talking to you too. Thanks for
talking.
It's been entertaining now. I have to figure out how do I close this?
Yeah, I think that's it. Alright. Goodnight.
Have
You too. Bye.