work? How are you doing?
Yeah, I'm good. I'm Sangeeta.
In the talks, have you met different people like um like other than americans? Like asians?
Oh.
everyone.
So
I'm a homemaker and I took it. So currently coping with the current covid situation, my husband is working from home and uh very tough so my kids are very small like five and two years old so it's kind of little bit tough to manage them so we are trying to manage.
Yeah that's great. Yeah. So about like uh what what do you write about? Like some stories are like recent things going on like
great. And also you like video games, you like playing video games?
that's great.
Actually
some
fun.
Okay. I'm not very much into video games.
I yeah so I don't know more much about a lot of new games which are coming but my daughter seems to be interested in video games or like mobile games, but she's like my enough now sometimes I heard that like the kids get addicted to it, so
I'm kind of scared to let her play for a long time.
How are you coping current covid conditions like um
I don't know much about politics, but I really like uh like I heard people saying things about him like that. Yeah.
Like
the committee chair
about the code then also kind of right.
Last time I talked with one lady and she was like she she was very trump supporter and
canned and uh and by when it was so she was very much like a supporter of trump and uh so she was asking me whether I support him and then I told her that I'm not a good good in politics and I don't know much about that.
Hi.
oh my and
oh I thought like you go outside for buying things and you're like you're keeping ourselves safe following anything.
Okay, that's
Some
people
they oppose wearing face masks because they are like they feel uncomfortable or they
they
don't
meaning that it might control or something like that, so but
Well.
mm. And and then I was like then I told her that uh that I am waiting for some vaccine to come, so that will be all free to go out. But uh she was like I don't believe in rack since uh sean bathroom. No, uh
she don't want to get vaccinated,
I'm sure actually uh there was one video of a doctor, she was like uh saying that uh move actions won't cure, you don't need to get vaccinated. And she was all negative about that. So that video was removed by the government I think.
So. She was very much worried that some people took out that video. Yeah. Yeah.
Now. Uh huh.
Sorry?
it
Mm.
Decision.
So
then how how you spend time like uh you go for a walk or like you play thing, you play play video games?
Uh huh.
Mhm.
Where?
huh.
so are you currently in the UK or like in US?
So I feel that I you are a little bit british accented or I'm wrong about that.
And.
Yeah.
That's
mm
Mhm.
Okay. So like how is your family like you have your family with you
now?
So
you are staying alone. You're staying there.
Okay. But you're getting in a lot of arguments with them because of stress.
Uh
No. Can you tell me about that?
Yeah.
better
work.
it's like the kids play like there.
Okay,
Oh my, so
you
can,
Yeah. So it's kind of like, so who is the winner? Like the marble, which we just fast or like, which stays on the track
and that
Yeah. How can they even name the brutal olympic.
so,
okay. Really? I'm, I'm, you know,
the first time. So are you telling me to make me laugh or? Really? Is it there because,
Okay.
I'll definitely, you can't do it.
Oh yeah. Here, uh, for us also hear it kind of getting darker. It was so sunny in the morning, but now it seems to a little bit like shadows. How many like brain
I
think.
Is it?
That part of you as you are like we are in the like bloomington Illinois.
Okay. John j Okay.
And I will, yeah.
Okay. So you graduated from the same or some other state or
Mm hmm. That's
Who
maybe you enjoy being here? Right? So that's
what clear. Didn't
plan
to move.
No.
Okay. So that's good right now.
Now
some, so here we are also facing some problems like the pay card for my husband
and
things going on here and there. And uh we are also hoping for the best when it will come, when the vaccine will come, when the economic will become
good or so many things. So
so.
You, you
are
like,
so, but I'm here.
Yeah. So, but I like uh, I saw some CNN news they were saying that trump is like gaining his support back now. So in
the middle hey.
No,
you
don't think
again.
No
my mhm.
There are
What I felt is he cares more about himself. His family when compared to other you don't care about other people are.
Yeah. So that's what I came to know about him and I read things about him so he like business. Like he likes to improve his business but he don't like he's not supporting other people outside his circle so. Mm
Oh really trump university was there or mine?
no.
So yeah.
Okay.
No.
One.
Okay. Have you been to some other like Disneyland or like Niagara falls like
that?
so you should take one. Not now. He wants the communist good comedy is like under
control.
I
believe I believe the vaccine will be out in six months I believe like that,
don't you?
No, no chance. Oh
my
my the summer, all my summer is getting wasted now.
I'm not taking any steps to control the pandemic or like education.
So
but
in
our stage in our state they they're taking it very seriously and like we feel a little bit safe because dad and I really appreciate our government governor.
Also what about schools they opened already? So
just
all mine.
yeah, I saw that. I saw that in the I think in the news or something and that girl is being criticized or like she's threatened because she posted some pics. Such pictures. Yeah.
Yeah. But that that girl was like she's like in the interview that she's getting threatened calls because she took the photo of the hallway and posted it online. So she was very much scared. But
Oh my. Oh my really sad thing. Yeah.
So
why did the school, uh,
they didn't give
any precautionary measures before they start? Like they didn't explain to the students before they start?
Well,
my,
But
Yeah. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. And that to the kids, all my, if they get it's kind of very difficult for them. Right? Mm. Mhm.
So
here here in Illinois is the earlier they were telling that, as of now we're going to open it. But later, later we got an email that you can opt out. Like if you want remote
school,
you can choose that. So
way
up for that. And uh, I hope the remote schooling goes well.
Okay. So you, you mastered in computers.
then you could
have offered a professional and computers, right? So
that would be in computer profession. So what? I am not a computer graduate, but I really feel that if I would have graduated in computers, I would have got a job doing some online job sitting in the whole now. But
no.
Is it? Okay.
And
okay.
you know more about computers I think. Yeah. You
like uh
great. Yeah.
Oh that's good. So you can after career right with that?
I
am.
Okay.
Yeah, then
I hope you didn't get bored because of me.
And I think the time is up actually, I think
Yeah. No problem. No problem. Yeah.
problem.
that's cool.
for
so
the
head is
big.
I'm tired.
Okay. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Yeah. Is it like some costumes for? Okay.
So you got a lot of books I think are interesting.
So
you
you buy it online or like you go to library and pick the books are
Oh, they sounded free by mail. Okay.
That's the funny it I think it's our kids are like uh maybe adults as well. This book, the catalogue things for everyone. Yes.
That
big.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Nice
talking to you,
you
know?
I think we can just close the window, I think.
bye
bye bye. Youtube. You can stay safe.