Sorry I meant to music. It's like the second time I've been on here and no one showed up so I didn't even get my tv or anything.
Yeah I was like well there are times a charm.
All right, can you see me? Okay. Okay perfect.
Alright. Well I'm giovanna
joe. Okay. It always just just have a conversation but it doesn't never say but you're supposed to talk about.
No.
So
I mean I'm in Kansas. Where you at?
how's
the
Yeah I'm with your top, not from here but I'm here. So
texas san Antonio.
Okay. I have some family there. Did he like it?
So
when
you
I was gonna say what made you leave florida for Kentucky said?
I'm
Oh, I'm
trying
to get me a pet now too.
I know.
He was like you're paying attention
to somebody else like No way way.
Oh yeah, that's not good.
Yes, I get
it up
seriously.
My
cinema?
You
have to get them like something that dangles from like his cat posters on it.
Okay. So yeah, now so now he thinks that everything that dangles is meant for him to bed at.
I'm cute though.
He's
like I want to go to,
I was just gonna ask like do they have like because do cats actually like let you walk them like?
Oh is he is he young? Is early? Like a new kitten?
And cats are not like dogs. I don't understand the whole dog your situation but they're not like
like
a year is a year, right? Like
You
know
what,
when we were younger my step mom had a Persian cat and it was real like uppity and stuff but for some reason and my younger brother did not get along at all and he still lay on the floor and watch tv and like one day he's just like playing, watching tv like this and the cat just jumps on his face and like attacks and I was like, okay, so I'm okay with cats now.
no.
Yeah. Well I had a dog Doberman and for some reason he liked to eat the back
of my birthday tennis shoes, but he never took my shoes and he'd always just eat like the back of like one of them. And so they even tried to throw him in my closet and he wouldn't touch any of my shoes, but he's still going to eat your shoes and I'm like what good? And I'm like, I don't, I think it's your smell like I think
if
you watched
our
speed,
yeah, like wash your feet sometimes and maybe he'll leave them alone. I don't know how that works, but
they
were mad.
Because we got to sleep in my room and my base probably if I eat her shoes, she's gonna kick me out.
Yes. Doesn't belong here.
You know what, That's that's smart, but I'm kind of find a puppy um so that I can have some, like,
companionship, especially if there, who knows what they're gonna do with this covid stuff again, I'm like, so over it, but
And cats are weren't self sufficient that way, especially with little Marxism.
Yeah. My friend just showed me a video of her cat, like she has, like the water book she has cats and dogs, and it's like sticking its paw in the water and then it's like licking its paw, I mean like
sticks
instead of just like taking it. And I'm like, why is it doing that? She's like, well sometimes it goes outside and I'm like, is that what they do in their outside? Just like their pollen and drinking like
it's kind of weird.
I
do.
All those dogs are so pretty.
Yeah.
That's
it.
I'll put
it
he was like a real life child like for
with
like
a bucket of ice cream. Well
now
did
they
stand
especially
in the heat? Right.
I was gonna say, cause it's so hot.
Get this dog.
So we get on like matted up and stuff that they,
if
you didn't brush
it.
Yeah, I let it get
yeah, I had a
Oh my God. She would like to have like a little
mullet or something.
Well yeah, I had a little um Scottish terrier and she and I used to have to brush her a lot because I always put like bows in her hair and stuff. Like she was like, yeah, when I moved here
she
wasn't annoying. Like you expect small dogs to be like I had her for like the first two months, I didn't even know that if she could bark about two. And um my sister worked in an apartment and she somebody left her when they moved out. So I'm like maybe they took her voice box daughter. So do you know some people do that? But then one day I was walking her and this big old dog like comes near us and she started like going wild. And I mean seriously she was like you know she could have it in my purse, maybe a little bit bigger but not very much bigger than this pillow and I'm like dude you're gonna be a snack if you don't come on like he's literally like and I can't stop him because it's a big dog but come on but she was like going off like if she was really gonna like protect me which was good but I told myself that I didn't even know she could park till then and then she was like she would I would sleep on my days off, I would sleep it and I'd be sleeping all morning and she was just laying there with me
if
I was sick she's laid there with me all day like
she wouldn't bother me to go and my sister's like she hasn't even
tried
to go outside or anything like she just lays in there with, you know like I know she loves me.
that's
all.
it
was
like back up.
How adorable. That's why I love dogs because like, you know, didn't like they get your personality because
I was
like
I said I'm never going to get a small dog cause you know, you just get you some like you just expect them to be like, you know like all day and I'm just like Lord jesus. But
no, she must be this thing ever. How does
that
mean?
Yeah. She's like, no, he's like, no, you're paying attention to other things. Not me.
Yeah. Are you going to do?
It's like why didn't you throw it if you want me to go get it?
she's like, I'm done with this walk, it's over. Let's go back.
Very friend just told me that her cat, she well guess her cat got hit by a, by a car, which is not the funny part, but she was like, she's so stupid. She was like, she was like the stupidest cat ever, and I'm like, why would you say that? And she's like, she just goes and sits in the middle of the street and she's like almost got hit like so many times until they took her out to a farm to live because she got out the house and that had babies and they couldn't have all those cats and she goes out in the middle of nowhere, she still got hit by a car
and I'm like, I'm like, oh, and she's like, no, she's dumb. And I was like, well yeah.
Yeah, there's two cats here, they're in my neighborhood and I stayed in the house, but for some reason they're always in my backyard. And then the other day there was like a whole little rumble situation happening out there. All you heard was no like shit, like what do I do? Like do I go outside and like cut it out, like you're not even my cats, I don't even know what cats you are get out of my yard with that,
But
it sounds
like they
arrest
one.
I was like right there like that right now because that's how guys are like we're supposed to have central area and we don't, so that's how it's going down right now,
Mhm. I've
had all
kinds of
text, but I think I had birds for a while, like parakeets, but they like made for like life or whatever. And then one day I came well because the girls, I'm assuming it was a girl bird, they couldn't tell me, but she seemed like the boss, so I just assumed, but she would like whenever I was theater, she would like stand in the bowl, like the little feeder thing and eat and then like, like push the other bird away until like she got what she wanted and this letter, they
were so
adored. Yeah, I'm like, dude, there's like plenty. So I tried to like Sprinkle some and she was like hitting him with her feather. So after a while he just kind of set up on the thing. Like I
was just
like,
she's very rude, but they were so loud. Like my neighbors were like, oh my God, every morning so that the sun comes up and the birds start outside their like, no matter if I have to cover over him or nothing, and then any time the commercial came on in, music plays stage, like go off, like singing with the commercials and I'm like, sorry, I stayed in the town home. It wasn't, I didn't make very many friends with my neighbors,
right? Yeah, they're, yeah, they're not. And then I they cook their wings so they could, they wouldn't fly away, but they could still kind of get up. So whatever, I will let them off their cage to like play on the floor of the little finger, Whatever they would try to fly until they bump into the sea land and bump into the wall. And I was always scared, they're gonna literally kill themselves. I like Bernie overlap cage because I'm like, I wouldn't feel bad I have to clean up this bird because it tried to fly into the wall like you're stupid, you can't fly like stop it.
I wanted it to be like the bird on. What is that? What does that cartoon rio
like, I
want to be like that bird. Yeah. So was it?
she loved animals.
Yeah, I think it's, yeah. Okay. So I grew up in California style was 15. Then I moved to Texas and there's like a little part in the valley, like Mayor Lancaster, Palmdale area. Um, and so we had like a little while, my mom had had a friend who had like a little ranch or whatever and we stayed there for a while. So I had like a whole pony and we had donkeys and a peacock and
make all kind of weird, just bunnies and stuff. But we had the donkey's just to eat people cigarettes like
ever. Like if you're like walking by like going up at him and you had your person, you have cigarettes like it would literally grab like my mom's packed cigarettes like all the time and eat them and like set up. I'm like, hey,
I mean
by
now,
you
know, that's
what they do. Yeah, keep them out of your purse. So we used to be like, well that's because you're not supposed to be smoking and she hated that she wants to be this property.
that's
What little petting zoo kinda
Oh yeah, I've seen deer
Oklahoma email
and those as cool as I seen because they seem kind of cool
hey.
mom.
This
that's how you know that he's a good person though because animals can tell.
Now
that's,
yeah, that's
too brave
that.
No.
Yeah. No, don't
do that.
Oh, that's so adorable.
They have a, it's like they're saying Marcus in san Antonio, they have like a place where you can go drive through and they have like the animals and then you, you can get like food and like feed them from the, you know, window or whatever. But, and I don't know what it was but it has like an ostrich so we stopped defeated and it stuck its neck like in the window and like scares the crap out of my mom and she likes sped off and we didn't get to see all of them. But I think they might have had an evening and I'm like no, I missed out. So next time I go back home and I'm gonna have to check it out
because they think
that
especially after the insurance commercial, like what is his name
like
now? I'm like I want one.
Was he born on a military base? So they
consider
it like you.
You're like in the south.
Thank you.
So cute.
my mom was like no because they spit and so she like pulling out, she's like it's gonna spit on me. And I'm like why would it just literally sit on you like it doesn't even know you. But
I
think
all
that has to be,
I would have died.
What bad?
just
I don't know
I would have died.
It's time to go now. I'm not gonna do the lawn with it. I always wanted to go to Australia when I was younger and then I read something, I think it was a book and they said they had like all these different species of spiders. And so I literally am never going to Australia. They have,
they have a lot of bugs. Right?
I just want,
I wanted a koala bear. Like this is like the, I wanted a koala bear when I was younger. When I first
went with my dad,
I'm like, can I please get one? Are
they? But they look so cute.
He's
like,
no,
he
was like,
where are you going to get you to lift the streets from? And I'm like, I don't know. But I figure it out.
Yeah. Well what he's like, no, you can't feed it. And I'm like, seriously, That's your argument. I
mean
not
that for anyone.
I love them. They're so cute. Like
I love them more than I love like panda bears and stuff like they're there, right?
But following
years are like, they just look like you just want to hug them. They're like fuzzy gremlins like
Seriously? I mean those are they're cute. They don't get me wrong. But
what is it? The gremlin, the nice Kremlin McGuire, whatever. You
know the phrase? They look like that, but like cuter. And so I was like
I see.
See I have to find me like a rich husband so that he'll just go buy me a koala bear. Like what do you want? A big house? No, I just want to call it there and put a eucalyptus tree over there so it has something to eat.
I don't think we went to the san Diego do one time when I stayed in California is like the class trip. But I mean that was so long ago. Like serious. They made like
42
and
Right. I'm trying to put it down my shirt like let there was a quality here and I don't know. But I gotta go
Yeah, I think they stole it. I'm going to go this way like
man, what's
that?
Wasn't
around in
your
shirt
trying
to stuff it in my purse.
College like your your baby looks a lot like a koala. Like what are you trying to say?
I
may have to take a trip to Australia. I'll just have to wear like a lot of I don't know. I don't even
know if
you were
gonna
keep
spiders. Mhm.
Yeah. I never
Like okay.
So you wanted the room? Okay, got it.
You're like so it's time to move. I'm going to be outside the house is about to be on fire.
Yeah. That's why
he
owns this house.
Now.
I was gonna say I'm going to spray Raiders going to attack me. Like, oh, so now you're tripping. I
was
trying
to
Final a bitch.
Yeah. Well that's what I'm saying. And then they said they had like all these different species that I didn't even know existed. Right. First of all, who made up all these spider species? Why do we need that many spiders? Like there's not that many flies in the world
in
fact.
yeah. Hey, that's like the toy room is like put it in a salad
in the junk closet.
I'm gonna say like for
nothing,
you're
like, you're flying and I'm walking and somehow I'm irritating you. What did I do? Oh,
that's crazy. Yeah. I better just stay out of Australia,
right? Like what are you trying to get a lot of those birds to attack me? Like it's not happening.
I'll just have to import one I guess. I'll just go like how people do when they go pick up like the, you know kids that they like, I'm just going to meet them at the airport. Like I'm not leaving the airport.
Bring
me
my koala bear before I see a spider in the airport because we had to burn the whole place down. Mm.
Yeah. I'm like I'm trying to say yeah. I was like, like I don't understand. Oh, good things.
Yeah. Like let's meet up somewhere like halfway or something
b
like
yeah, let
me tell the story like, oh she wants to get a quality, she wouldn't go cuddle, she didn't even get to keep it and then she died because the birds of the sky attacked her and she was writing from a spider. So she didn't even see it literally. Like I told my dad would be like I told her to leave the spoiler bears alone.
I'm literally going to search it when we get down here. Like I'm literally gonna search because I don't
love
sets and
I've been
obsessed with, I was like six like and now that I know that there's a possibility that I don't have to get bit by like strange species of bug or even eat by like an alligator because I love crocodile Dundee but like I don't want to like I
the
irish
in Louisiana
for
a little bit. So yeah, that's what everybody kept saying at first and I'm like oh I've been in Louisiana, like I lived in Louisiana for a little bit so uh that's not to bother me, but then I'm like the bugs freaked me out,
totally freaked me out. And then now that they're like the size of me then yeah, I'm
never gonna wait
because the little ones around here, well because my mom got bit by a brown recluse so
yeah and then like, you know in her leg and they caught it before, like your whole leg off or whatever it is. But she had a big old hole there. She starts like a scar. So now any spider, I'm just like, I don't know, you look suspicious,
I'll
make
I want.
Oh that's fun.
yeah, like the ones that people like lick the back of them or whatever. Oh.
Well now we're like frogs. Well florida frogs anyway,
I
can't never killed anybody. But
yeah, he was not a bit from florida,
book
From all the
blood water.
Kermit's like uh not he did that again.
He's
like, why do you think I'm trying to give him this piggy? Like, I'm trying to make a new family?
I hope they don't like they listen to this conversation, they're going to literally be like, what?
Yeah, they're like, well this is what we talked about. So birds,
ISIS
fighters.
And frogs in florida.
and
everybody's gonna know that koala bears are assholes.
And
my baby,
like
Seriously?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, now that's the that was the other thing, but I always felt like I could use it like an attack dog. Like somebody met the next kid them like
his
face.
huh.
B
Seriously?
And they're just like, and then they're like, oh my stomach hurts, it's cool. Eat some more, you're probably hungry.
so they're just
down,
you think like there'd be like one panda hey guys, hey let's try this over here, I
didn't
want to crime and
poor
babies,
They're just slow. Especially if they tried to show them and they're still like, no, it's cool. Now I know you got those parents on there, but this bamboo is like Uh huh
Yeah, it's okay.
Like
you're
allergic
to shellfish
eating shrimp.
Yeah, they're like now
like
being two ft and it's not much to do in the world are
there.
that
smack
the Liza
and he's like throwing bamboo carries some more stupid die already. Oh you guys, they're like the sour patch kids,
like sometimes there's first there's first they're being then they're sweet.
Right. It is super cute and that's how the door above.
love
animals.
Seriously? They're
probably all lonely and just like uh I know are still hasn't opened yet either. Well, and then I haven't even been to the zoo here because I've only been here a little bit pretty much like six months after I got here, everything like shut down so.
Yeah. Yeah. They are. So that's not the reason why I haven't gone back. Which here in Wichita and they're pretty much like their numbers are going up to before. Like younger people. It's like they opened up like restaurants and bars and then like everybody went and just like breathed on each other or something. I don't know exactly what happened, but I know starting friday, we have to like, you can't be out without a mask on And if you're caught you have what is it like $500 or some shit I'm
like
with.
Yeah but at
the same time like could you
not breathing
on me? Like can we protest with social distance? You know like.
Yeah it's out
there
like.
Did you
guys
find himself like the finds it? What I'd say you could have carried like a little recorder in like but yeah so everybody here is just like, and then like my brother's been coming over and he's like the super, he has a social active life, we'll just leave it at that. I'm like don't be coming over here after you, you know meet somebody online and you go over to your house and you want to come over here like give me sick, I'm gonna beat you up hopefully before like I can't breathe.
It doesn't always telling everybody I got sick like the end of january and I literally just started feeling better like around the close to the end of april and I had like the worst cough and I went to the emergency room like five times. But it was like in january beginning of february so before they really started and I'm like I'm pretty sure that I had already because yeah, like I slept for like weeks and then I had a roommate and she was like I wouldn't open my door and she was like literally you have been coughing for like months like I think you have it and I'm like believe him to do I'm not going to the hospital, I'm gonna stick me in a room with a whole bunch of other people that are sick and I mean I don't want to do that.
And then they did the free testing for like a short moment. Like you could go to the Walgreens and like do it through the window or something. Like now it's like there it's over. Which then we had all these spikes. And so now I'm like, well I think you should be tested people like literally
And then pay you like I didn't pay you to get sick So I
can't go to work because everybody is sick. So I don't have $100. Like I just started back working probably like three weeks ago. And now
it everything is like so bad that I'm like I don't know how I feel about this.
I've been. Yeah, that's how I survived for the last couple months. But I just found one work from home job that I do kind of part time. But if I get a better computer I'll probably just do more from home. Because now um the place that I work at they said that they didn't close at all. But like it's too many people like coughing and sneezing and I don't want to just assume that you have it but I really don't have time to be like
and
just
in case that
wasn't
Yeah like just in case that wasn't what I had the beginning of the year
then
I definitely
don't want
it.
but
right like we're giving the same you know elevator and then like the offices
because it's a real small office and so it's like and I'm just like uh like today our air conditioner wrote so I'm like dude we're all just breathing like this air and it's not going anywhere.
We're literally gonna I'm gonna have to like quarantine together and I don't even like happy. Also like
hey.
Mhm. And that's what I feel like I've been taking um I have a hole in my heart so my immunity is not the best either and then that makes me a high risk or whatever and I I get I get all my groceries and stuff deliver even now like I literally go to work and come home and like
that's
it and then that's like I said it's been probably like three weeks and I feel some type of way like especially with everything going back up like all the numbers and I'm just like seriously dude and I can't even go home because texas is getting it bad but it's because they didn't shut down really like everybody else did they waited to the last minute and then they had a lot of you know stuff going on with the protests and then that girl and um that military girl that they have the issues with. So Yeah.
Seriously?
Well
we know
that
jesus.
that's
true.
Thank you.
They're like we might be dying but we're going to have a good time before it happens
and then there's a lot of older people are out there right to that.
Right.
I'm sorry.
He's just trying to catch a little sun, you know, maybe not get swept away in a flood and you know,
yeah, maybe don't die and now he has to die of like fucking corona. Great. Thanks y'all
super place.
And then people came from all over so who knows where?
That's ridiculous.
I
was like florida seems like a cool place to visit but not live.
and then you run back
Yeah and you're like oh yeah I remember now by LF everybody like
and that's
kind of how I
am
in texas,
we're
like just go down there, yeah, just go go for you know, a week or two and then you'll be like oh I see, I see you're really
smart
person,
you're a bright person there, yep, yep, yep, yep,
wonderful.
and
humid.
that's
why
they
always show florida and nobody ever has any clothes on. Yeah.
that's
the
worst.
I can just imagine because like Houston is kind of like that because the water is like right there san Antonio is not as bad but we have a lot of lakes and stuff, but I could just imagine because florida is more like water than like anything.
yeah,
it's
not going to Vegas in july like what were you doing?
Yeah. You might want to go like february March
april
more
now that we have the hurricanes, tornadoes,
hurricanes.
That's true. I was pregnant actually when I was pregnant with my daughter, when I was in Mississippi in february in february and yeah you're right because I was trying to go to Mardi gras and then like my ex husband was like people are bumping into and I'm like what did you expect that happen? Like they're drunk and having fun like that's right, that was ready to drop this baby so I can have a drink. You want a hurricane right now?
and not die. That's true.
That's very
true.
Yeah and then when I was down there
Mississippi had just had galaxy had just had like this big old hurricane. So everything is like all messed up. But yeah, we got down there like right
before New Year's and I have my daughter at the end of february. So yeah.
came for it.
Okay. Yeah, my brother's February 15 and then she's February 24 and then on March 15. So I had like two weeks
before, right? So
of course I was at the casino like, yeah, let's get it. Okay.
Yeah, I thought I'd just like where I'm talking about spiders And I literally think like yourself,
I don't know either, but I just don't mess around. I'll be just like, I feel like you're a cousin of the one. Like talk to my mom and I'm okay. I'm just cool
instead of. And then
they're like, well these fighters are okay. That's like when you see a snake and they're like, oh, well if it's this color, it's fine and if it's not, I'm not about to stand around to try to figure out if it's place and it's not like I'm just gonna
look
like,
right, like it's still gonna try to bite me. So let me just move around. Like I just get out of its way.
No,
I don't.
There's no snakes that are fine. Like they're all the devil and I'm not the one.
No,
I had a teacher who had a snake and he said like it tried to eat his dog one time and I was just like literally and he's like, it's like this big and I'm like, there's no way I'm getting any animal that's going to get that much bigger than me and then can like dislocate his jaw to swallow me because I feel like chicken.
Are you serious?
Oh fuck no.
Like the anaconda snakes.
I'm going to stay out of anything. Any place that like, yeah. But I feel like
their
state
is going to attack okay. This may be why texas is okay. And Wichita doesn't have any like random animals that are just like out and about.
Yeah. And that's just trying to kill, you know, like random birds or anything. So I guess it worked out.
Yeah, I'll get this then. I'm like looking for this random buttons. I might have just, I might have just imagined it. So I'm talking about bugs so much.
Yeah, I don't like
what that has.
Right? Don't be like
looking
at rare
and so
it's gonna be like piece of heritage and I'm like, yeah, oh goodness. I guess I'm gonna go and I'm gonna search koala bears and where I can hug one now.
With all the yeah we're sorry people.
It was right for me.
Next time give us some topics, like some choices and then you won't hear the whole spider, snake Kuala bear bird situation in
frank's.
I learned
though.
Don't go to florida. Don't go to Australia. It's like
they
have
those
places
Like son of
they're they're right,
it
would be that one person from Australia. They'll be like they're totally telling the truth.
Gonna put that in our in our what is it visitors list and shit. Like I don't forget about the birds that will attack you and the
koala bears that don't
just
eat
your face.
Well it wasn't like
the meeting.
Oh good.
That's
great.
Yeah, they're like calling right now and cancel, limit their like uh
tell the kids they just ruined Disneyworld for y'all. So they were going to be opening soon but I guess we're not going.
we
don't
care.
You know they were like, you know what I say? There is a big ass snakes and frogs that can kill you.
So Which one What are you gonna do?
like we want to see mickey. Well you know in California
there's one there
it
that's what my boss said, he was like a park isn't taking on a trim. And then like by the time you get to the park like your car is like you have nowhere no idea where it's at. And he's like from the parking lot. Like you see like this little well in a like that's the princess castle and I'm like there's no fucking way that's too much too much walking like you go there in the morning and you don't leave till night and you still haven't seen like the whole park. That's ridiculous. I'm not doing it.
I
can imagine especially when it's hot though to like there's no way.
It was Oh goodness. Uh huh.
Alrighty.
And
then
give me
yeah, they're like we're dead watching this. This is random.
Goodbye.
Yeah. They're like and routine,
right? It's gonna be on my message like next time.
But they're going to have to watch the whole thing because they have to know like the list of animals because they're like they're gonna
be
like
we
can't
stop
halfway through. Yeah.
Somebody's
writing
it down
like
you know, take note.
Bird carries person away. They're like son of a bitch.
Right. I guess I'm going to I don't even know Idaho or something
anywhere
else.
Stay out of the south then
probably.
definitely.
Yeah. And they're trying to hit you with their like for backwards.
Yeah. Just back away slowly and go somewhere in the north where they're nice or not nice. But
Yeah. They're like the people are so nice that the games are like this is some bullshit like we're biting everybody until somebody gets upset.
And it's
geese.
Just
don't
yeah stands in the east and they fly so I don't know.
The one
thing
I have done
here,
those things are evil though, but even here I want to go feed them um Like I got some bread and we're going to go feed them and they were like trying to they were chasing us like we had to go into the far because those in the little what is it not doves? But what do they cost hands? I like pretty and stuff and you're like, oh here. And then they like try to eat off my finger. So yeah.
Oh that's what I'm gonna call them. Cobra chickens.
And
I'm so done.
We're so sorry. People. We
don't
mean like traumatized on against all animals. So we we apologize. We really love animals and
they're just
assholes.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's like a P. S. A. Out here so late.
Be
careful.
Yeah. We're gonna freak out out. So you're like okay.
In a minute. They're gonna just cut our feet I guess
and do that. Bye bye. Oh,
do
you remember?
can it was nice meeting you.
You bye.