Oh uh huh
I did that yesterday too. I was just like okay, we're going to get from this time.
Well no, I'm not, not over yet,
Yeah,
I'm Emily
if you go clear or how it works, it's like okay, you're gonna give us any sort of any topic, No, okay, we're gonna
talk nothing,
we're like
north Kentucky, The food
just
Just right below Cincinnati. It's like a 10 minute drugs cincy. Yeah.
Where are you from?
my brother did uh work in um Houston for a few years. He
said he thought it was hot, which was saying a lot because we grew up in florida. Uh huh But he didn't look like having issues that drop and move back down to florida and stuff like that. I don't
know why
I was
back there.
Yeah, it's really hot in florida and I lived in florida in my entire life, it was just like I need to get out, it's too hot. And my dad has, my dad grew up in dating, which is an hour away, so Mhm. It was like a way that we could like explore Kentucky and like that, but also like have him close to home. We went through like 50 other places. Would you stop, started
back in, go. My cat was enamored with like any sort of cord or anything, so he's just like, I want to eat everything.
I
started,
I tried to pick him out of my room and he was like, no, I'm
staying, but what's that
go?
It was like, no, absolutely not. Will you go away, leave me alone. He's trying to eat my mouth cord.
Yeah. He's
like,
the problem is that he's gotten the point of like eating other chords and I'd like, don't particularly stop them or anything that dangles.
Yeah, because he stole my, I had a Ox cord by my desktop and he took it and just like ran off with it. I was like, okay, fine,
I don't use it.
But the problem is now every time, like he, like, especially my headphones, I try to go for a run in the morning and I start like putting on my headphones and he's underneath me, bob promised so much
my
yeah, I was just on my cat boat because he kept carrying up our uh carpet. So we finally on the cat folks and it has little thanks about up.
yep. Even my blue places, I'll be sitting there lacing my shoes and he comes over and tries to like unlaced them.
I'm thinking all right. I'm trying to go for a run. Yes. You
Hello?
Yeah, I take him, but he hates his collar. I try to put his collar around him in the last 2.7 seconds.
It depends on the cat. Um I know cats that are like um indoor outdoor cats or like that are feral. You can that started as feral the first time I heard about it was Youtube and they had a cat that was originally thorough and they brought inside and they got him on a leash and took him out and he got to a little nervous but he got used to it. This one is a wolf Swedish little boy so that I can my dad walked near me he takes off running. I can't imagine if anyone else tried to come here and especially another animal.
Okay. He's fairly young. He's like to oh.
I
am.
I have made me that. I have no idea. All I know is that he asked like a demon.
I call him
that
on a certain.
I had my best friend, got a cat and when he was a kid and I don't think he was a year old, I went out to see her and he had this thing where he'd wait around a corner and then I come, he'd like a crack your feet. Yeah. Or what? I'd literally be like laying in bed and he's like, you know, cats like to let your feet and he's like fighting at my feet and
right, I woke up multiple times, just like with him, my sleeping like when you stop eating my feet, he grew out and want them fully.
But
I'm
tired.
I'm going
to be
the smell
Or if he was
like,
he said, especially like your dog, you might be more your scent and being like, no, like would you?
Yeah, lot more uniform. The other ones like what is this smell? I'm going to eat it.
yep. This is um I said marking territories with mine.
No.
I went for dogs. I like cats but I prefer dogs but we travel a lot and we up here so have anyone know like babysit if we go somewhere.
Yeah. With him. Which is like okay give them like the world like a giant follow food. A bunch of water. Make very border boxes cleaned by.
I'll
do that.
No need for
cheaper product quite a while because I had a Siberian husky for years and that was like the closest thing I'll ever have to a child. Like I was like that was my child. I I I grew up in love with huskies. If you watched the movie Snow Dogs. Like that was like
the movie I walked
nonstop.
Yeah and I wanted a husky. So bad. And finally my parents ended up finding was the A. S. P. C. A. And brought and I was just like you grab my child your mind and just like took. Mhm. Look. Um
And yeah I had him for Probably 10 years and he ended up getting prostate cancer. How do we put, unfortunately We
tried
to tell her husband but the Husky was like two and just like the energy enough to power Cincinnati we believe and go to the store for half an hour and come back and the curtains are pouring down. The drapes are everywhere.
There's been
trying it fast and we're just like no
It was never like you had left a two year old Or three year old at home alone. No
sir
prison.
And it
just
like
that
was like, how does he know? Yeah, absolutely. Ask
is the word,
the way I described it was we had him moved house. Well first we let God new furniture and then moved house. And when we got to the new place we were still finding Dog for like four years later. Yeah, because it's actually in florida. They shed like crazy like.
Yeah and florida is just like we literally would take him to go um get groomed because you know that we can do and the green woods that they're in Russian for hours and finally call us and be like we give up, we have enough hair for five more dogs. It's still coming out, come get more.
We're just like hover their entire floor and burn. There's like still brushing still coming out.
It
wasn't
that
it was just but you don't have to keep them brushed whether we, we ended up, we never took it long enough to four.
An unfortunate
because of their, their coat. You can't shave them because some dogs you can shave or like get them really short coats, but because they're um huskies, they have multiple layers. So if you shave them at grows back weird. It's basically like if you have like layers and then you cut all your hair off, you're not, you no longer have players. So obviously
what's
up? It would be uh yeah, they're like, no, don't know between huskies. Not a good idea.
I like, I've had any small dogs you're
coming.
come
on.
No.
that's
it.
Yeah. I went to California for two weeks well and like my dad kept sending me photos and this is my husky displaying. They're looking all sad. You just like, you know you didn't want to do anything. I'm like I'm sorry and you can come back and she was like on me he was like so
like they're
super productive of their owners like my brother who he like was living with us and when he when we got him even if like you come over and like try to like hug me too tightly or call me or anything. It was just like growling and barking. He never did anything but that was one of the point where he needed to but he
loves
people
like how I watch meal. I'm not familiar.
I mean
Hello?
Meanwhile.
No.
I
found
a black lab when I was young golden retriever who could not be called it over draper. I think she was more from what? Because she was just she was gold but she didn't look like Moscow
what? And we had the gold retriever who was just like even when even we got her when she was young she still I'm trying to put you out, you're gonna call Claude me. Okay. Even when she was young she just didn't want to do anything. She was incredibly stupid. So I was like you full of all and she looked at it and look back at you like we were doing it
like the doctor and get it and then we'll drop it and walk off and it's like you're supposed to bring it back,
what's that? And like we go for a walk and like even when I was like not physically fit at all, I could still walk her, take a little dog half a mile away by the end, I'm like driving her.
you go home and sleep.
No.
I'm all a couple of plots that like insisted on being in drought forecast was like it worked okay in my complex where we had like so many cats in our area. It was literally was so we had so many it was like a you problem and it's like where did I move cat town? Like literally have to be like at least 10 and that's not when they had I thought that's not counting when they had kittens.
I think it's
partly
my my
mark
want to be
into al gore because they like here all the cats outside and smell and everything. So like we'd like partially open the door to try to go somewhere and out goes the cat or like we also because we live in a really old house so we have like those big window A. C. Units and they the little side pieces that are supposed to keep your windows closed, didn't go far. So we'd like to grow up play cardboard and duct tape and South ferry. Very sad. Very Southern.
I would like to put in there and like plot the duct tape and like get out and like go out there and we're just like, I just literally like my last cat, we just like it got out and was just like, okay, not all wet. Bye.
The
human
body.
But
I guess that's
he
said
I'm awake. Well,
okay. I'm sure, I'm sure if I let him, my dad would get birds and I'm just like, I have enough time sleeping as this. I don't need to be screaming at me every five seconds.
That's fine.
I'm
like
my my mom, one of my mom's best friends, had all sorts of events, like the strangest patch. She had like a pay at one point, she had wanted birds, she had squirrels Just had like the most random paths had like 50 dogs. Four cats
you've always wanted. Goddamn zoo.
Well
much,
but
no,
you
cannot
have
them.
I don't. We had employees similar. That was uh it was a it was kind of like a farm, I guess it's technique conservative farm, but it had like a whole bunch of horses and um donkeys. They had a zebra at one point, which was cool, had a camera,
which was cool, but it was just a whole bunch of different animals that we should go and Oh,
kind of here uh They had they had reptiles, they had for a go to anything you can think of most of the time. Dear,
then move,
yep. They had an email
they
can invoke the ones I've met are really sweet because down in florida we have Busch gardens and they had they had a they put in a big section was supposed to be kind of Australian themed, so they had kangaroos and Wallabies, and then they had one section
that had a moose and that is one little evil and like you're not supposed and you're not technically supposed to pet it, but bad things. The Doctor Dolittle and most of the time was it's very rare to find an animal that doesn't like him and he will go up
to anything.
Like he will literally, the farm we went to had porcupines for a while, walk over the cage was just like, hi! And I'm like, I'm over here, you eat
it.
Rolls out
of where?
I'm
like, no, we have a place out here where there are wild bison, like I want to play with them. And I'm like, no, you're not out
of touch.
You
know, literally sit there and there's like, rub the emails neck and the email just sit there and you like, huh?
He was nicknamed Happy because he always looked so happy.
Never
been.
They're
May I
help you mean?
Yeah, my uh, my dad was military, so he spent a few years in the, in Australia where my brother was born. My brother, my brother, I think my brother is technically a dual then, I think, I'm not sure. But he was, he was born in Australia.
I
think so.
Um you've never been back symptoms, so I don't know. Um but yeah, they were and they were like in the outback, like, they were in Australia, just like, like, like here, like you say, like, you were in the south and you are not, they were
Alina
and like they said, they said they would literally get like, knocks on the door go and there's an ostrich sitting there or they
come here like knocking on the window and it's like a kangaroo or wallet before ostrich or something. Mhm
I liked
LA
was until I had one of them spit on me. Yeah, that
far
llamas and I don't know why, but I'm over here patent it and it's being all nice and stuff and all senator. I just wanted to spit and
mama bit does not smell good.
And it's just like, because they eat all that, hey, it was like, I had like pieces of hay, like alone, like
these
and like
of my spirit. I'm just like sitting there like, you know, now I say llama, I'm like, no, nope.
man. Okay story. They don't play around.
Australia is like, God was just like, I've created this horrifying thing trucking in Australia. It's like anything
horrifying in Australia.
What
examples?
What?
Broken
be
out
assholes.
It's
not what?
What are
I have?
Like
four
or pleasures in my closet?
No.
I love pandas.
I have,
Almost on my favorite. I have like seven panda pleasures like eight. If you count a red bandana.
there are little goof balls and I love them.
Well
river video about koala and it's getting its ear scratched and it here scratch and just watching where to go. I was
like freaking here and it's so view and I was like
I don't want to go offshore because I don't know if any place is a funny place else but I'll show you that. I know, I'm sure you can like cuddle a koala. I I think that I don't remember. No, it's a Melbourne. I was gonna say I think the san Diego Zoo doesn't, but I don't think that they have koalas. Mhm.
But I
I have I had um a friend who lives in Melbourne um
was he was like, I kept talking about koalas at that point I was like oh well obsessed. And he was like, oh yeah, he's like you got to come out and go to Melbourne Zoo, you can cut a little while. And I was like, you know, I'm gonna leave with that. Co Wallace.
logical operators and bombs
scrolling
through
the
Hawala
and
they
walked away
with it. But
not files.
What already? And
well,
well
we're
here
in the
city.
if you're in the city you're pretty much good. Just like, what if you see a spider, don't assume it's a nice spider because here
I don't mind spiders. Like it's cool. I see a spider. I'm like, if you're doing your business I don't mind. Like because I said I lived in an old house. We had spiders all over the place and I'm just like, okay, fine. Like you wouldn't bother me. I don't care. No Australian. Oh, you see a spider, you're like, let me get out and let me get out some fired
people
using a fire. If you see a spider and I'll show you just set the house on fire. Just light a match, drop it and walk out
with by their images like title. Oof bye
floor
it
like
no, you spray a little rate or something. Austria is like, no, you need a fucking flamethrower.
Yeah. High schools are
fighters
were
literally like they are literally like three or 4 ft. Like they are like huge.
If you look up spiders in Austria you will see some that look like a small child.
My family tv is God or angel or something that's just having fun coming up with
some
old shit and God was what in Australia?
Remember?
And I was like bro, if you live in Australia and like they also have like these birds but like come out during the spring or something, they will attack you for no reason.
Just
really literally, I don't know what the judges are called right now but literally like I've heard horror stories from my friends who live in Australia were like, no, you will walk down the street, those will see you and just too big. Come and
try
what
they're almost like I have a boss that I worked for for like five years and he's like come visit, I'm like get your ass out here, fuck you,
my liberal America, get your ass back in. I'm not comfortable doing.
Bring 1
to My
Airport.
you are not allowed to use fire in here. But that's a fighter. Okay. He has a bigger one by uh I'm told that fighters.
I will go to like Japan and y'all complete up.
I want to bring it over America like or like can we do someone in America where like I can cut it like hawala because I don't want to go
get, I don't want to die in Australia and nobody
can tell you. Mhm.
Uh
Oh, I'm sure there's got to be something in the states that have koalas
big
enough.
Why?
What?
I'm going to florida, crocodiles and alligators don't bother me. I'm like, hey,
we called them
water
puppies down.
Global
help.
Help. What
do you do?
she's,
well, I've never had a flu fighter and like florida is supposed to have some pretty nasty spiders I'm going with, I'm more afraid of frogs. Frogs. Oh no, do not put a frog. Hear me
Because
that border
they have somewhere like if you like touch it or like because they, they, they have like some sort of like oil or something on them. Where have you touch it and then like you touch like your mouth or your eyes or something. It's like poisonous,
but it's in a behavior.
like, or like if they're really dangerous to pets because like your dog over here, you know, dogs try to lick everything. Never look on there and the poison gets in. And what, all that stuff.
What about things like that? But they're just little frogs. They're cute. I'm like, go to florida and tell me that, go to florida, hang out some frogs and tell me you
don't die
health. Well, it might have been from florida.
The relatives
in florida. We're assholes. You got that recognition
present.
It's from that. You got that shady cousin you don't talk to nobody about because you do from trading stuff. That's, that's Kermit with his run out of order.
Well, I got that cousin. We're gonna talk about that cousin
playing with
more like a group directory and just like, I've seen more frost can do coming out of here. And I'm gonna wear it. Well,
yeah, this is what happens when they're like, okay, here talk.
looks like you're just like, you're never
going off
that. So now you get it. Spirit of Australia. Mm,
yep. It's wrong. The border
trying to find
Yeah. It depends. Because like if you find one that's like, it's like if you could go to the zoo, they're used to being a, like
if you're in Australia and you see a wall in the trio. No, don't go to like, hi. Oh no, he will eat your face. I
think
they are publicly because I think they are probably, um, I'm the borders. I think
I'm not positive, but a stink. But I know they can because especially like you look at their claws.
Because pandas, pandas
are
supposed to be omnivores. A
little warm asses. They're stupid
and there boo which is like if you basically what a panda does is if you're lactose intolerant, all you do is eat ice cream. That's
what it does as a pain to a bamboo get snapped that they can abruptly digest And these little idiots with their
And it's just like they keep trying to teach pan is all the stuff and like they'll, they'll bring them into like captivity and like do stuff with them and then send them back out and these little dumb asses are going up in the mountains, getting in a tree, getting the bamboo hanging
on there,
hanging out even around me when there's like, no, we're so dumb.
It was like, it's
like
it's later with them. It's not even an issue of like poachers and stuff, it's just the pandas are stupid. Mm they're
just didn't
bread,
does it make a lot of moms right here have the salad, have this sparkly and you're like, I'm gonna get the ice cream
but
if
you
need
it, whoa
Well the girl and get strong until like live.
I
said
and there is no good falls. There is little golf balls. I've seen so many videos of them over in time. I've seen so
many times over in china where it's just like the keepers are trying to care for him and like the painters are screwing with the keepers. The keepers were with your trying to sweep up the leaves and stuff and put them in a basket.
The pandas crawling into the basket
or crying people steal a late
feel a rate cardinal about it. Kept the bath over. The leaders are now all thrown out.
basically
like red pandas, Red pandas, we haven't left in the Cincinnati Zoo and they're so cute. Well we, I've seen them when they do the feeding and they're literally sitting here like trying to crawl up the keepers outside and just like acting like the keepers a tree and I'm like, I'm like, honestly I let it, I'm gonna sit there and let this pain will crawl up me and act like a dream because it's cute.
I just them
that
Louisville has pandas and of course like right now because the pandemic, they're like, no, do you have to have a membership and have a reservation? I'm like
problem.
Taxes are getting pretty badly hit too, aren't they?
Who
were one of the lowest?
But then the whole three on a tailor things that happened and protesters okay. Like I understand uh
photograph
Michael
numbers.
Yeah. And you protest where and ask.
I
was like,
I'm seeing videos in Cincinnati and stuff and just like almost no one wearing a mask there like shoulder, shoulder. I'm like, I get it. Do you protest when you do, what can you do it with him? I ask and like
Graham
recently?
Wow. Mhm I've probably already had it because there was a point in time where I was just like, I could not get out of bed, just don't get out of bed, but it's also like testing it so hard. No, this is like now, like uh
I like you can get casted and stuff. It's like super expensive and it's like, okay, like people are dying also stopped happening. Like might be a good idea to like wave those streets right now.
And like even the antibiotics that I was going to do the antibody test to see if maybe like that would confirm it because obviously like if I had I had recovered. So if I do a test is negative. So when I look at the antibody testing, the antibody test is like over $100 and I'm like, want me to give you some more blood. Have you tell me if I had covid or not and then pay $200.
On investment.
And
I do all myself working from home and stuff like this. All prolific best and all that fun stuff. Yeah.
Mhm. I don't
have
time
to go
to work.
Like
I accept
you
look
like you might have, we might just have allergies or like a cold or something, but I'm gonna
keep you far away just in case.
They didn't.
No.
Mhm. We're like one of those is higher near me and I'm like, dude, I can really wear the mask for like an hour to go grocery shopping. What makes you think I can
wear the mask like $60 and work and stand what people. And also I'm like, I have the immunity of a dead fish if I haven't had it and I go to work, I don't care if every single person I come in contact with, whereas I'm asked, I am still gonna get sick.
You
know?
Yeah florida florida. I think that the county I grew up in florida is one of the worst in the country right now because
it's it's where clear on the beaches in florida beaches when the ISIS future is the nicest speech in the country. So like it took it took florida florida's of hotness really flow to the hot mess and it took them for ever to close. So it was just
like,
it
was just thousands of people on the beach just like
and obviously, and like, also like it happened during spring break and where does everyone go to Spring break florida go
down
through the clear water
in Miami and everything? And it was like, we don't care, like they won't okay.
We're like, we're like, wow, we're just like, and then like a bunch of about sick and we're like,
that's a lot of people retire down there. Like Yoda masses might recover and be okay.
But
your home boy next door who's 80 I'm just trying to live the best life in florida ain't gonna be fine.
It's like, yeah maybe don't die.
For now we already got the alligators. We only got the humidity. We've already got the hurricane.
I'm trying to kill her. The frogs
and like
orders in general are stupid. Like you know like you like obviously it's a meme now that you should like florida man or florida woman and then including something incredibly stupid and said you already had that and then you have a whole bunch of other idiots coming from new york California Seattle Tennessee while the other stuff coming down just like it's not much more stupid. Yeah. They're so stupid.
Hostile one.
You you visit florida And run after two.
Like, like Florida's my home and it will furthermore home because I spent 23 years later. What do you go back and you go back for a week or two and get the hell out.
everyone's
like
we
moved
florida florida. So I'm like go
learn.
that's
why
she walked
or
if you know, if you don't want to go to florida, go do your laundry, Take the cake sale, stop at half away when your, when your clothes are still damp, stick it in there so it's all hot and in
one
and just hang out there for a few minutes. That's what it
goes up
from
florida.
because this is like you, I literally would go to my mailbox at the end of my driveway like 50 ft and by the time I get to my mailbox pouring sweat
and
I will
say I was being dramatic. I wish, I always think,
and Louisiana Louisiana where there is a lot like florida. So I stupidly went to new Orleans in august um
I don't know what that was a good
idea.
I think what's that? I was trying to move to California to live with my friends and my dad, let's drive it. And we were driving like basically almost right through new Orleans anyway. So I was like dude by new Orleans like let's go to new Orleans and yeah it was it was hot and I was just like I want to I want to go back but not when I'm gonna die.
No
you don't wanna go february March because that's Mardi
gras.
What
you also have Mardi gras.
Although they're like small number because I november is like cool enough. You know people who who have come to visit for Halloween what people are gone and doing stuff for thanksgiving and whatnot. You ain't got the christmas hall and let her like the New Year's hall and it's just like you go in like january so like ok, everyone is just like, you know like like mid january. So everyone walked from the New Year style people from Mardi gras ain't here yet. There are these tiny little sections the time where you can go to new Orleans and not by.
I spent
like
$50 million dollars in a hotel because they're inflated because of an event
commission.
Mhm.
or february babies. Yeah.
I'm a february baby and my dad is a february baby.
Hold
on.
we're trying to adjust and my headphones that helped by.
just I can't tell you anything about Kansas fighters, don't know anything about them. I don't know who will kill you.
America America
was
and it was not
poisonous.
It bites, you were still got hurt. It might not kill you stole my heart.
With the gardener snake. It's fine. Tell me
what
bites me.
I I tried to get over my fear and one of my, one of my best friends sisters had one and was just like a demon and like what chased me around the house with this fight with the snake and I was like, oh Lord, not that I should have been surprised because I met them because I worked for a half of them. So it might have been
dissolved in the California.
No, there were literally some snakes down in florida and down in the Everglades that trump alligators.
Like there are videos of snakes like having an alligator like halfway into its mouth trying to eat this thing
because I got in there. They got like the big guy sake, like the big boys.
Yeah, like I don't I don't know if they're actually an economist but there are some big motherfuckers and you're just like no uh I don't have a death wish.
That's
another
option.
You almost pregnant, try to kill you.
You want to go and try to kill you.
They're going to watch or listen. It's gonna be like
well
remember we leave them alone for an hour and what we're over here talking about scary of fall, the poor person walking this and they're going to be paranoid, they're gonna be like a spider in the corner
and
when you're
talking
about
And we can stop traumatizing them with all the information about
was that
people start to talk about That is a killer animals.
The
parents of what happens when you leave people,
they don't like
it,
yep, that's
what,
that's
what goes
where and from this from this report and you just don't go to Florence and I'll ask more. But there be someone from florida watching this lake. There's
reporter like you up. Yeah, we're talking about
and
whatever
it is. Yes.
You
know
one more
simple
border name. A coworker in Australia. Here. Look they got whatever. What about florida? Then they get it right about to show you two, yep, it would be only
look
up. Mhm.
We're
gonna
have a trip planned to florida and they're just like
bye. No more.
Yeah, definitely. I know we're gonna go to one in California, don't they don't have that cotton and Gm stuff like that. They don't
have no
poor
frogs.
What am I have that car? But they also got shit that can kill you. Let's go to California,
you want to die? Or do you want to enjoy your trip
visible
California? So where I prefer
the one California, it's less huge. There's not total new, but it's, it's not as big, you know, I feel like you're dying when you walk around.
I went florida. There was a girl I knew was, I went to see, I went to meet actress and she got brought by this convention and she don't walk out early And she literally did like all four Disney parts, like in, in concession. Actually like Magic Kingdom one day she would have caught the next day. She did um, an animal kingdom and then like MGm And like at the end I like saw and I was like, how are you not dead? Like I'm so tired. I
went,
I was, well, I don't think it was hot because I don't think it, I think it was like april or may, which isn't terrible in florida. I don't think it was a bad time cause I know it wasn't the Halloween one, but it was like earlier. I don't remember remember that. It was no concert.
And
they're gonna be like when we were walking out, killer animals
and
what?
Okay. And some business stuff and everything. Like we're not going to watch this video.
Having the money. I'm glad you don't have time for an hour, but
welcome back
my life and I can't get one of you when this stuff we're gonna be like here, have a topic
next time you're so you have to talk about that aren't killer animals or places to avoid.
But
it
was a good
year was
all
over.
But
what we
were to go
up
more
working out. But wait, it's nothing actually real. Looks up. Killer. A killer bird in Australia. Oh shit, that is real.
Mhm. It's a really poisonous frogs and tortoises. Goddamn it! Where's that? There goes back in florida, back with my plants in Australia. How my somewhere was gone.
Oh, anywhere else. I'm
gonna go
to random little tiny town. That doesn't have things. They want to kill me
more
If they I looked out. Because then the people will try to kill you. You ain't gonna be
animals. You want to worry about the south of the people. Uh two people in the South. You got the people who will treat you like you are family. We were the nicest people and love you. And always a new things that they have. They have given birth to you or any other people across. Where were your Lord? You look at them the wrong way and what a giant ass rifle point that Junior's like.
Yeah, just like, no, don't, don't play that game. Don't, don't try to figure out which
go to Canada. There's going to go to Canada. Just avoid the Canadian geese. With all of all of Canada's evilness is put in a Canadian yeast.
Canadians have given a sacrifice and they're like, here we have one evil thing and it's geese will
be
like you, the weather is mostly nice to you. Everything else. Your foot. Just
to staying
with the keys.
we have a whole bunch of them down here and I just avoid them like the plague, nope. Like literally we went to a lake earlier. I went to a little like a park lake thing and they they literally, It has to be at least 50, There's so much for them. And like they started
walking
towards
you
and I went poking and I was just like, nope.
he's outside our mall and this poor little child is like 10 and it's like, look bird and like walks on the bird and the geese like kisses at her and starts chasing her and you just see a little girl take off, I'm going to take part. You know, that was now not to walk with the Canadian geese. I call them call for chickens because, because there's a meme where it's like, I, I worked with some guy from, from, uh, from Mexico, he doesn't speak really good english and he went outside and a Canadian history and when he comes back, no, I do not like corporate chicken, looks like some down cobra chickens. If you see that little motherfucker hissing at you, it's suddenly a cobra,
we'll be doing anything else. But that's like their, their cobra chickens or the assholes. It's
not like anything is, it's like, oh, look, the assholes are here. Yeah. Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah, I had another one to the list. Stay away from me.
You
know,
we
love
the word is also warning you about the scary ones.
it's
just
an hour long pizza. We'll be on here for 25 minutes. Were like, you know, we're gonna talk about scary animals for an hour.
Where is like, we're done? Go away. Believe it. Just go,
Yeah, you're done by.
So we could
well
have been an hour. It's been over an hour. So yeah,
you guys went to