SPEAKER_L: time. Mhm. Mhm. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Certain people, Yeah. Yeah, I want to do this. What do you think? Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Yes. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Simonyan. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: josh. Is ammonia?
SPEAKER_L: thank you
SPEAKER_R: Is that you say?
SPEAKER_L: Timoney. Like some phony baloney, I hate telling people that because in elementary school, but it works now. So I guess everything happens for a reason, right?
SPEAKER_R: What what how did you how did you get the name? What's the name mean?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really happy you asked your probably like the first time anyone's ever asked me as interestingly as that. As interesting as that is. But I sometimes volunteer and share of people because it is an interesting thing I think, which is my parents split both of their names and half and added an ending and came up with my name, which is unique to me.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that is interesting. So what are your, what are your parents names done?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So my dad's name is mom. So that's where the M. O. N. Comes from my name. And then my mom's name is Suki kim and that's the first part of my name. So yeah, they both have unique names themselves and then they kind of masked it together to come up with mine.
SPEAKER_R: one Super Unique Name.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's cool when I grew up, it was, you know, when you have a different name, you know, when teachers stumble on your name or you know, it can be like something that wasn't, I didn't consider an asset. You know, it was, you know, I guess going, especially calls money bologna at one point. Um, but I really embrace it now because, you know, for example, with gmail, it's just my first name and it's just me.
SPEAKER_R: you get you get it all to yourself forever on every service you ever have.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Actually, so now I actually love it. So, and I think it's cool to have a unique name. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure there are many benefits that I would not appreciate having the, the name that I do. But uh, but it's also true that no matter what name you have, kids will make fun of it. You know, they'll find a way to make fun about when they're, when they're kids because that's what kids do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. I had to learn that I guess I was naive, but I was like, you know, I guess I had to kind of like understand just how I guess people are and you're right like kids or you know, there I guess it's survival mode, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're funny for a lot of reasons but the they called me as cash for josh, that's what I got. But
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. So that then you
SPEAKER_R: I don't think it's that bad but it's kind of, it's kind of stupid I guess it's sort of what it is but um yeah it didn't really bother me though but depending
SPEAKER_L: President.
SPEAKER_R: on your name it depends what you know blowing most kids like bologna I feel like so but there's definitely other things that would that that I've heard people's names that if they write what they want they rhyme with. I don't think parents necessarily consider the rhyming factor when they pick names a lot of times. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And you know, I love, I used to love you. I still do kind of like being baloney. But like I guess for a tag onto a name, you know, like some money bologna and I guess where their hearts were coming from, it wasn't coming from like a loving type of, you know, um, intention. So I guess that's why I had a negative connotation. Yeah. But you know, I mean, I mean like you said kid stuff like I obviously understand that now. Mm No.
SPEAKER_R: sure. So is is this your first time doing one of these things?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really happy you showed up because actually, no, I've done this once or twice before. And then, um, you know I signed up for additional ones and so I was crossing fingers, I'm like I hope this one comes through, so no, it's actually not my first rodeo. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah I
SPEAKER_L: Ah
SPEAKER_R: think I think I think you can only do for something nice, I think this is my 4th one but I got stood up twice um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah me too.
SPEAKER_R: in it. Yeah. Yeah. So uh the only time
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I've ever gotten stood up is on the weekend so I think people just forget when it's on the weekends but I've always kind of go through when there during the week so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I figured because um when they said six at five I'm like well maybe my chance are higher because like after work hours because the other two times it was four o'clock and I was like well I can see things coming up, you know? I didn't realize that it was four times in totality. I thought it meant just the, okay, so for me it was two other times, the first one was another one and then the second one was the second time they sent another round. So I thought was four within the second round of, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think that's right. It's four per round. Yeah because they don't want to have in I think every time they're doing it they must be having a different methodology or something and so they just don't want to have one person taking up too much of their sample or something. I don't know. I'm really curious what they're doing with the research. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean how did you feel about it like you know?
SPEAKER_R: Like how did I feel about the ones that I've already done
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, no I meant
SPEAKER_R: before?
SPEAKER_L: like for me the first time I remember both me and the other person like well this is kind of random, you know this is interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and it's um yeah I wonder like because they're obviously going to have an enormous amount of data so it's not going to watch the videos, are they gonna build some kind of like facial recognition things they can tell whether people are
SPEAKER_L: Coffee.
SPEAKER_R: relating based upon, you know, their facial expressions. I just there's so many different things they can do with it. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you just reminded me that this is being recorded at the other times, I wasn't even aware.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I'm 99% sure it's being recorded. I think that's why it's got a little red dot in the little thing down there,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I think it did occur to me but I didn't focus on that you know, I just I actually I'm glad because I enjoy it being so organic. It's an interesting thing because initially when I came on to both the other
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: person and
SPEAKER_R: hope.
SPEAKER_L: I commented the same thing which is well this is kind of random, like I was a bit apprehensive, like you know this is a new thing and who is this person, you know what is this? And then she was really cool and we really connected and it felt very natural. So then the second time around I had another really positive experience with you, I'm having a positive experience. So I'm like, you know, this is kind of a cool thing that you actually, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's it's the first time that I did it, the person that that I did it with, she had a set of she had done research and she had a series of questions in case we got stuck. So
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: um but then then I sort of realized it was it's like it's sort of like if you go to a party and you meet someone and you're just having a conversation with them and you don't know them at all, but in that case you obviously know why you're there and they know why they're there and so you probably know at least one person for, you didn't count for you to, you know, ended up at the same place. Um So and do not, you don't have a necessarily you can don't necessarily go for 25 minutes, so from her, but she sort of got the ball rolling because she she had done I think one before me, so after that I looked up a series of questions like online, like how do you do this thing? And so I actually haven't really had to use that at all. But I mean, I didn't do it for this one because usually, you know, I don't know, it hasn't really been an issue. I think most, because the people are committed to most of the people who do it seems like they're pretty committed to having a good experience and stuff like that, which which makes a lot of difference, but every time it's been different because sometimes I talked to older people and sometimes I talk to younger people um Most I've only had one guy. It's been almost mostly all women. What is what about for you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, interesting. I've only had chicks, I will. What?
SPEAKER_R: time, last time I got a guy and he was kind of interesting
SPEAKER_L: Bomb,
SPEAKER_R: because Um he had quit his job to become a professional author and he had written a 600 page novel, 600 page novel. Um and he was still kind of editing it, working on it and trying to still let down from 600 pages to whatever however that he wants to make it and so you know, yeah it was it was kind of interesting. So he was
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like and he was spending all this time alone because he's like a writer or whatever with his wife but during the pandemic and so um but that was kind of interesting. Um But you know everyone is different, everyone is different and then obviously it's during the whole pandemic thing that makes it all even more surreal. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So we're um so like well who is your your easiest person to talk to? And he was the person that um you you know you had to work a little bit harder.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so luckily I've had just conversationalists, like everyone has been easy going and really nice and respectful and the conversation kept flowing. Um so I've had really positive experiences coming into this and I guess I'm a very like positive person too. So for me, I just came into this, you know, kind of, I guess, you know, just ready to connect and share and I um unfortunately I haven't had anything negative, I guess that author guy sounds interesting, I mean he sounds like that, that would have been a really kind of interesting person to talk to you, but how is the dynamic?
SPEAKER_R: actually he was the person that I got along. Problem may be the best with, but it was also the most uh I don't want to see. It was weird because it was a positive thing, but I think because we had a lot of, well I had I had you know shared interests with everyone that I talked to in some way. Um But I know like a lot of people who have sort of done some sort of similar thing to them, so I felt like he sort of needed like sort of um encouragement I guess. Um And because his his wife is like helping him um to do this but she is not a writer and so he's by himself all the time, so it was like a little bit
SPEAKER_L: Off.
SPEAKER_R: um I kind of felt like he was like a little bit lonely I guess but it wasn't worth negative but it was just it was a little bit uh I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: yeah and I really I really like the guy but and then at the very end he was like trying to get my content information and it's not like I didn't want to do it.
SPEAKER_L: I have the info, he said
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because he wanted
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: to like send me his books and see if I want to get because we do like some of the same books and movies and stuff like that, so we were talking about that but it just made me just like a little bit uncomfortable um yep.
SPEAKER_L: I that hadn't occurred to me that someone like reach out and ask for that stuff honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so that was so I don't want to say it was negative because it was a positive conversation and in some ways like I had more uh you know shared interests with him than than than than other people but they didn't try to get my confirmation, he
SPEAKER_L: well not
SPEAKER_R: didn't he
SPEAKER_L: often
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: go,
SPEAKER_R: mean anything by either. It so it's like it was it was just one of those things, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I guess I'm a female perspective and maybe you can put yourself in my shoes in this case, but coming from a female perspective, I would just be wary and I'm not saying just with wise
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'll be worried with girls because I'm kind of like a shy reserved person naturally and I'm also very private. So um I think because of that, especially if somewhere to ask me for my contact info, I like it's not that don't trust prolific, but you are someone who have just met, you know, and do online and you know, so for me, I would just be like, I guess shy about it, you know, if I understand how you feel, I would just be taken aback kind of because I don't know, you don't want to make these kind of awkward, but at the same time it's like, what do I do? You know? Like it's kind of like, I don't feel kind of weird. I'm
SPEAKER_R: you don't?
SPEAKER_L: not just trusted that person. It just felt like totally something, but I can be naive sometimes too, you know, so I'll let you finish Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no I mean I think and it's definitely it's definitely different for for girls too but and I guess I should clarify, he didn't like asked for my phone number or anything, He asked if I was on facebook and I want to be friends on facebook. So that's like a little, but there's a lot of people who just friend everyone that they met in five minutes on facebook. Um But I don't I'm not on facebook anymore,
SPEAKER_L: is available on prolific?
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: That's ironic.
SPEAKER_R: um But uh yeah, so I was like, yeah, you know, I could do this. So I got his, what I had him do is I have him give me his information. So I didn't connect with him yet. Like on different social media, I didn't connect with him and I'm just like, you know, I open to doing this, I would like to help you with your book. It sounds interesting, but I can't do it right now because I got to do something else which I did, but it was like, you know, I'm just I I still feel like eventually at some point I'll probably reach out some but I'm just gonna wait a while. Um So um but that's the only thing and you know, so I don't feel that was negative, but that was like an unexpected thing. That was just like, you know, I didn't anticipate, you know, having to like, you know, deal with that or whatever. So I
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: and I don't mean to be weird to describe that, but that's sort of what I what I've been thinking because I just did one with that guy on what day is today is friday. So I guess it was monday that I did that one. Um So that was the first thing I thought of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I and I wouldn't necessarily think that was a negative either right. But um for example, so just thinking things through that's interesting. Sometimes facebook is innocent enough and we're all casual about, you know sharing and adding friends and people could be that way I personally am very conservative. Only people I personally at our people I know or in my inner circle. So I have like like only about 100 maybe friends from so many years. But you know, I know other people are more liberal or just different how they handle it.
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: So my understanding facebook those, so to throw it out there, it does allow for like geo tagging doesn't it? Or like you know, you can someone can post your tag you and it shows your location. Can you also add your address on there, like you can add like personal info right?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Right. And you can and you can choose what you want to share and whether you want to share it with like you know, friends of friends or just your your, you know one degree connections
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: or whatever. Yeah they give you a lot of control over it. Um And uh but yeah I was actually but I got off facebook and I actually I'm pretty happy I got off at like eight years ago and I've been really happy that ever since I got off of it but I still use like twitter and instagram and you know like linkedin and stuff like Youtube. Um But uh yeah so I mean there's a lot of ways that you can, you know they wanted to be safe for everyone and um you know I think what you're you're approaches with the way that you do, it is a smart way to do it um and I generally do it that way but sometimes you do just meet someone at a party and like oh this is a fun person to hang out with and they have facebook and so why not? You know something like that. So yeah, I mean everything is a trade off at the end. They
SPEAKER_L: You know. Yeah and like like you um you know I actually have a facebook account but I'm not active on it, it's up to connect with my family overseas. Um So that made me a lot happier to. Um But yeah I think that I've met someone at a party and she added me on facebook but again through mutual friends in the same circle. But I understand that's in the same kind of like light which is what I shrunk earlier than trying to share which is sometimes you connect with someone and you feel it and you feel like it's you know cool and just add facebook. So yeah I don't spend too much time trying to manage that whole experience but I can see how you felt with him asking you for the info.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and it was it was also just like you know I didn't want to I just wanted to have him like process everything that he told me like about his whole writing thing for a while you know by by himself not to be like a jerk or something like that but you know just to let it all sink in and then maybe if I reach out to him because because I think at some level he knew like it was a little bit weird but I also appreciate why I did it because you know. But anyways we don't talk about this anymore. Is
SPEAKER_L: no it's
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: all good. It's just told me he connects with you and I can see how,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so um yeah so uh but yeah then all my other ones were chicks. So um
SPEAKER_L: how did those, no.
SPEAKER_R: yeah those are those are good. Um I would say some of them um I guess the second the second person was probably my best person because we had like a lot of um shared values I guess. Um And just the way of looking at things. And the first person was interesting because that was
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: right after the pandemic started and she was a bank manager and so she still had to go to work because they have you know the drive throughs and stuff like that. So we were just talking about you know all that. I'm sure you've had conversations with that about people because what else that's all there is to do right now
SPEAKER_L: What was
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that? We
SPEAKER_R: that yeah and then the the other person was this very young girl. Well I don't know I actually didn't ask how old she was but she might have still been in college was the impression that I got. Um and she, but she really liked to travel and she had traveled a lot and she also was really into musical instruments and she played, she played these instruments that I had never heard of before. And so you know, I like, you know, I learned a lot of things for her, but it was different to talk to her because we had such a big age gap and she knew that she was basically always a friend to me is like an old person. Um So
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it was pretty funny.
SPEAKER_L: know like the damn it you feel like you know like respect I guess respectable or did you feel like oh no like I feel old.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think. Yeah, I think it was more that it was just the like I was more asking her questions. Um and then if I wanted to share something that I would, but I was probably, you know, I probably asked her like 70% of the questions or whatever, which is fine because she knew a lot of stuff that I didn't know. But you know, I guess it wasn't like an equal thing and she, but she knew that like before that I even did or something or maybe that's maybe that's the way that she just is as a person may be that she just, that's her normal dynamic has nothing to do with age. But uh she did referred by age two and so.
SPEAKER_L: I had a chat to with a you know a young person and now that I remember, I think it was through this, so because I remember the 25 5 minutes thing um so she basically it was interesting because she was wearing a mask at home and she was shamed. Yeah, she was coming home, she had come home from college after like going to spring break or something and she was doing living at home with their parents and so out of like, you know, being careful with them, she was putting on the mask. So when she was chatting to me, she was wearing a mask. And it was interesting because, you know, I'm kind of aware of this also, she was sharing me how like with her friends and her, it kind of didn't, it doesn't like, it's interesting to see from a young person's perspective because when I was younger I told her I was the same way. So I used to live in Manhattan and to go off on a little tangent at that time, New york went to, I mean it's very rare, you probably know Manhattan or new york city rarely ever goes to a state of emergency. I mean that city never sleeps, it never stops running. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: There was a snowstorm and we were at a bar till three and it was up and running you know the next morning and it was a snow storm that shut the whole city of Manhattan into a state of emergency. All the subways, all the buses, everything were closed. And I remember my friend I walked home all the way from the west side up uptown. But anyway another time new york went to a state of emergency because I believe they thought they were going to have a hurricane coming to the city.
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: So what
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: happened?
SPEAKER_R: hurt? That hurt Can Sandy?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can't remember. I know that's bad.
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: in 2011?
SPEAKER_L: just no, no it's before. Before so I'm older, I'm probably older than you. And so
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: happened?
SPEAKER_R: the last day, there's not that many hurricanes that go to New york city and that was like the last, the last big one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I don't know, I don't, it was hurricane, I don't know what it was, but it was really strong winds and new york
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: basically was saying how like they were concerned about the weather. So in the afternoon I had gone to a state of emergency and all the businesses, I mean you know in new york, I mean everyone went home, that's how crazy it was and my friends and I said what happened was that day happened to be the I threw my birthday party and he was just all meet up after work and I was like man you can't, you gotta be kidding me. Like the one day is my birthday party this happens and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: my friends, I think I'm going out anyway. I mean I was crazy for doing that, but my friends and I, we all went out like there was nothing, you know, and everything was cool, but kind of I was sharing with her, I didn't bring up that example of course, but she was sharing for me how her friends and her, like they were trying to social distance, but people still wanted to kind of go out, you know, and you know, I just don't wanna be judgmental about it. Um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm handling things like I feel like I'm social distancing, but when I heard her say that I could understand how a younger person, you know, you're young, you feel like your health is strong and you know, sometimes your priorities are just, you know, having fun and so she was sharing with me that a bit and in that way there was a gap a little bit because, you know, I see my elderly parents regularly and, you know, for me it's really important to be mindful during this time and to help flatten the curve. So I, but I'm at the opposite end of the spectrum, like I'm a real home body. So you know, hearing her share with me, I can kind of understand where she's coming from and I don't want to judge it because in the past I've kind of done something similar, but at the same time this is a real serious thing that's going on and so, you know, it's yeah, I don't know. Trying times.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. And for me like there's this whole thing about the, you know, like most people who get it even if they have symptoms, they recover and you know, a couple of weeks or a month or something like that. But then there's some people who got it in March and still have symptoms now and they continually go through. There's like, they're called long haulers or something like that and there's like hundreds of thousands I guess in the United States. Alright. Is that can help, you know, hundreds of thousands around the world? Um So maybe it is in the United States, I'm not sure, I'm trying to remember this article, what the, what the scope was, but it was a lot more in the average age of the people who had this for like 44. So it's not like that. It's, you know, you know, being, you know, like a senior citizen or something like that. And so there's so many things that are just so weird about this thing that people don't know and I think it scares people and so they want to make it like,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: oh, it's just like some other thing or, or whatever. And I understand that too because you know, at some level you have to, you have to get by. But yeah, it's just really weird, really, you know, unusual um thing for for everybody. And I've learned so much about different. There's there's people who I had such, you know, held in high esteem, but I didn't realize like they're so political that they just always want to say that it's like it's the flu. And like these are people who are like really well educated and do all these things and they just keep going back to saying to trying to say that, you know, we don't need to worry and we should just open up everything and do all this stuff and it's like, I don't know, just it's been a real um it's been a real educational thing because I had to see how people react to it and everyone reacts in a different way and it was like, oh I wouldn't have thought that this person would do this or that, I mean the young people or whatever, they're going to be, you know, stupid sometimes, you just have fun and I think that the nothing bad can happen. Um But uh yeah, I mean it's it's you know, it's been like a learning experience and like for a lot of different things um But yeah, I I appreciate what you're saying because um the I also, you know my parents are older and they you know my mom has like asthma and stuff like that. So she was like in a risk category and even my little nephew, he has like asthma and he has been to the hospital many times for respiratory issues. So even though it's not supposed to affect kids,
SPEAKER_L: that's, you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: really don't want to chance it. Especially if someone is more a little bit has a more if you're a manager respiratory and stuff like that too, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks again, preparing with me. I didn't realize that about the um I didn't realize that about Covid 19. I didn't realize that you could have a for extended periods of time. I mean, like you said, I'm learning more things about it. I've been very conservative myself and very mindful. So in that way I'm at peace because I'm confident I've done my best, you know, to be responsible to everyone and um but I didn't know it was like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that actually
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: happy.
SPEAKER_R: read that
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: article a couple of days ago. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: I just read that a couple of days ago. I didn't know about that either. Um It's called long if you google long haul covid, there's like they wrote a huge thing and like I get like the post or the new york times or something like that. So yeah, but I just, I just found out about, but there's, you know, it's just really
SPEAKER_L: But the fact that on that's huge, you know, it's good to get educated about this as much as possible. I feel.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. 100%.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm excited. My daughter is going to school because I I signed up for her to go online only and I'm really excited they're doing online only because you know like I share with you based in our situation. I'm just like my friend also at one point she she's a biomedical engineer and she works uh he used to work for NIH or still contracted with with NIH and she shared with me and I thought she was joking because she doesn't have kids. But she's like, kids are vectors for disease. And I was like, and then I thought about like, yeah, it's gonna be flu season. It's winter. We don't know how this, you know, viruses going to respond in the winter. My understanding is I through the grapevine. I heard that people thought that I might be less potentially problematic in the summer. So you're indoors more in the winter. So I'm just, you know, taking one day at a time, one step at a time. But you know, just trying as much as possible to be careful about it all.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sounds smart. I mean even before
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: any of this, like I knew that like most of the times I got sick for some, for some reason was when I went on an airplane, I went to a movie theater and people were coughing or when I
SPEAKER_L: cost,
SPEAKER_R: hung out with like my nieces nephews because they are carrying something. And so like now when I go on an airplane and take vitamin C, when I go with hanging off, my niece never used to think vitamin C. And you know it and I did that before this just because I don't get sick if I do that. But it's, you know, there's so many different, there's uh you know, so now I'll probably always wear a mask on an airplane because even after this is over because you know why why mess with it? Um
SPEAKER_L: they might have, it might be mandatory.
SPEAKER_R: could could be, I mean, it's probably better anyways
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: that people do it
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: because there's always something you can get sick from people on airplanes. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, totally. I know. I know people have been, so my daughter has been on an airplane, they were in Atlanta during like when there was a red state. So, um, yeah, they were wearing masks, but I think I'm seeing stores and places not allow people in if they don't have one. So I don't know what's going on with the, I haven't personally flown. But yeah, I think that's a smart thing to do to
SPEAKER_R: So is your daughter older than? Mhm. Like it sounds like she's not like she sounds like she can travel by herself.
SPEAKER_L: oh no, no, she shoot dad. My husband, She was with with dad, so she's eight. Yeah. So they were visiting, um, his uh, cousin. So yeah. And so you know, she was wearing a mask and everything and I, I was like, oh my goodness. But anyway, everything turned out okay. And uh, you know, it was funny too because she also went up to pennsylvania and you know, she's going to camp for a couple of days. They're, my brothers were like sharing with me after they got back. They were like, you know, camp counselors were spreading Covid, I'm like, oh great. And then, you know, they play tennis in the rain. So she had this like throat thing going on and I'm thinking, oh my goodness, I hope that's not covid if you know the whole, the whole symptomatic thing and then you kind of don't do or don't want to get tested or you're not able to get tested, but it looks like it's all
SPEAKER_R: Using,
SPEAKER_L: fine because she's been around, you know, my parents and everyone and it looks like it was just
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: probably something that came from being out in the rain.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there is a regular sickness or regular cold. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Or yeah, I've never heard, I mean, but she was just saying Arthur was scratchy, but she wasn't coughing. It was like, it felt, he just kept saying it felt weird and I never heard of that. So I was like, you know, cove is funny with the symptoms too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm glad that she, you know, didn't have anything more serious.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. And you know, anyway, it's been talking to you and you know, good luck with everything there.
SPEAKER_R: You to stay safe
SPEAKER_L: Yes, they saved.