Hello? Can you hear me?
I'm good, how are you?
What's your name?
josh. Is ammonia?
Is that you say?
What what how did you how did you get the name? What's the name mean?
yeah, that is interesting. So what are your, what are your parents names done?
one Super Unique Name.
you get you get it all to yourself forever on every service you ever have.
I'm sure there are many benefits that I would not appreciate having the, the name that I do. But uh, but it's also true that no matter what name you have, kids will make fun of it. You know, they'll find a way to make fun about when they're, when they're kids because that's what kids do.
they're funny for a lot of reasons but the they called me as cash for josh, that's what I got. But
I don't think it's that bad but it's kind of, it's kind of stupid I guess it's sort of what it is but um yeah it didn't really bother me though but depending
on your name it depends what you know blowing most kids like bologna I feel like so but there's definitely other things that would that that I've heard people's names that if they write what they want they rhyme with. I don't think parents necessarily consider the rhyming factor when they pick names a lot of times. Um
sure. So is is this your first time doing one of these things?
yeah. Yeah I
think I think I think you can only do for something nice, I think this is my 4th one but I got stood up twice um
in it. Yeah. Yeah. So uh the only time
I've ever gotten stood up is on the weekend so I think people just forget when it's on the weekends but I've always kind of go through when there during the week so I don't know.
I think that's right. It's four per round. Yeah because they don't want to have in I think every time they're doing it they must be having a different methodology or something and so they just don't want to have one person taking up too much of their sample or something. I don't know. I'm really curious what they're doing with the research. Um
Like how did I feel about the ones that I've already done
before?
Yeah. Yeah and it's um yeah I wonder like because they're obviously going to have an enormous amount of data so it's not going to watch the videos, are they gonna build some kind of like facial recognition things they can tell whether people are
relating based upon, you know, their facial expressions. I just there's so many different things they can do with it. Um
Yeah, no, I'm 99% sure it's being recorded. I think that's why it's got a little red dot in the little thing down there,
I
hope.
Yeah, I mean it's it's the first time that I did it, the person that that I did it with, she had a set of she had done research and she had a series of questions in case we got stuck. So
um but then then I sort of realized it was it's like it's sort of like if you go to a party and you meet someone and you're just having a conversation with them and you don't know them at all, but in that case you obviously know why you're there and they know why they're there and so you probably know at least one person for, you didn't count for you to, you know, ended up at the same place. Um So and do not, you don't have a necessarily you can don't necessarily go for 25 minutes, so from her, but she sort of got the ball rolling because she she had done I think one before me, so after that I looked up a series of questions like online, like how do you do this thing? And so I actually haven't really had to use that at all. But I mean, I didn't do it for this one because usually, you know, I don't know, it hasn't really been an issue. I think most, because the people are committed to most of the people who do it seems like they're pretty committed to having a good experience and stuff like that, which which makes a lot of difference, but every time it's been different because sometimes I talked to older people and sometimes I talk to younger people um Most I've only had one guy. It's been almost mostly all women. What is what about for you?
time, last time I got a guy and he was kind of interesting
because Um he had quit his job to become a professional author and he had written a 600 page novel, 600 page novel. Um and he was still kind of editing it, working on it and trying to still let down from 600 pages to whatever however that he wants to make it and so you know, yeah it was it was kind of interesting. So he was
like and he was spending all this time alone because he's like a writer or whatever with his wife but during the pandemic and so um but that was kind of interesting. Um But you know everyone is different, everyone is different and then obviously it's during the whole pandemic thing that makes it all even more surreal. Um
So we're um so like well who is your your easiest person to talk to? And he was the person that um you you know you had to work a little bit harder.
actually he was the person that I got along. Problem may be the best with, but it was also the most uh I don't want to see. It was weird because it was a positive thing, but I think because we had a lot of, well I had I had you know shared interests with everyone that I talked to in some way. Um But I know like a lot of people who have sort of done some sort of similar thing to them, so I felt like he sort of needed like sort of um encouragement I guess. Um And because his his wife is like helping him um to do this but she is not a writer and so he's by himself all the time, so it was like a little bit
um I kind of felt like he was like a little bit lonely I guess but it wasn't worth negative but it was just it was a little bit uh I don't know.
yeah and I really I really like the guy but and then at the very end he was like trying to get my content information and it's not like I didn't want to do it.
Yeah because he wanted
to like send me his books and see if I want to get because we do like some of the same books and movies and stuff like that, so we were talking about that but it just made me just like a little bit uncomfortable um yep.
Yeah so that was so I don't want to say it was negative because it was a positive conversation and in some ways like I had more uh you know shared interests with him than than than than other people but they didn't try to get my confirmation, he
didn't he
didn't
mean anything by either. It so it's like it was it was just one of those things, you know?
What?
you don't?
no I mean I think and it's definitely it's definitely different for for girls too but and I guess I should clarify, he didn't like asked for my phone number or anything, He asked if I was on facebook and I want to be friends on facebook. So that's like a little, but there's a lot of people who just friend everyone that they met in five minutes on facebook. Um But I don't I'm not on facebook anymore,
but
um But uh yeah, so I was like, yeah, you know, I could do this. So I got his, what I had him do is I have him give me his information. So I didn't connect with him yet. Like on different social media, I didn't connect with him and I'm just like, you know, I open to doing this, I would like to help you with your book. It sounds interesting, but I can't do it right now because I got to do something else which I did, but it was like, you know, I'm just I I still feel like eventually at some point I'll probably reach out some but I'm just gonna wait a while. Um So um but that's the only thing and you know, so I don't feel that was negative, but that was like an unexpected thing. That was just like, you know, I didn't anticipate, you know, having to like, you know, deal with that or whatever. So I
didn't
and I don't mean to be weird to describe that, but that's sort of what I what I've been thinking because I just did one with that guy on what day is today is friday. So I guess it was monday that I did that one. Um So that was the first thing I thought of.
nothing.
Okay. Right. And you can and you can choose what you want to share and whether you want to share it with like you know, friends of friends or just your your, you know one degree connections
or whatever. Yeah they give you a lot of control over it. Um And uh but yeah I was actually but I got off facebook and I actually I'm pretty happy I got off at like eight years ago and I've been really happy that ever since I got off of it but I still use like twitter and instagram and you know like linkedin and stuff like Youtube. Um But uh yeah so I mean there's a lot of ways that you can, you know they wanted to be safe for everyone and um you know I think what you're you're approaches with the way that you do, it is a smart way to do it um and I generally do it that way but sometimes you do just meet someone at a party and like oh this is a fun person to hang out with and they have facebook and so why not? You know something like that. So yeah, I mean everything is a trade off at the end. They
Yeah. Yeah and it was it was also just like you know I didn't want to I just wanted to have him like process everything that he told me like about his whole writing thing for a while you know by by himself not to be like a jerk or something like that but you know just to let it all sink in and then maybe if I reach out to him because because I think at some level he knew like it was a little bit weird but I also appreciate why I did it because you know. But anyways we don't talk about this anymore. Is
that?
Yeah so um yeah so uh but yeah then all my other ones were chicks. So um
yeah those are those are good. Um I would say some of them um I guess the second the second person was probably my best person because we had like a lot of um shared values I guess. Um And just the way of looking at things. And the first person was interesting because that was
right after the pandemic started and she was a bank manager and so she still had to go to work because they have you know the drive throughs and stuff like that. So we were just talking about you know all that. I'm sure you've had conversations with that about people because what else that's all there is to do right now
and
that yeah and then the the other person was this very young girl. Well I don't know I actually didn't ask how old she was but she might have still been in college was the impression that I got. Um and she, but she really liked to travel and she had traveled a lot and she also was really into musical instruments and she played, she played these instruments that I had never heard of before. And so you know, I like, you know, I learned a lot of things for her, but it was different to talk to her because we had such a big age gap and she knew that she was basically always a friend to me is like an old person. Um So
it was pretty funny.
I don't think. Yeah, I think it was more that it was just the like I was more asking her questions. Um and then if I wanted to share something that I would, but I was probably, you know, I probably asked her like 70% of the questions or whatever, which is fine because she knew a lot of stuff that I didn't know. But you know, I guess it wasn't like an equal thing and she, but she knew that like before that I even did or something or maybe that's maybe that's the way that she just is as a person may be that she just, that's her normal dynamic has nothing to do with age. But uh she did referred by age two and so.
Right.
Was
that
hurt? That hurt Can Sandy?
Was
it like
in 2011?
That
was
the last day, there's not that many hurricanes that go to New york city and that was like the last, the last big one.
here.
That's
huh.
Yeah. Yeah. And for me like there's this whole thing about the, you know, like most people who get it even if they have symptoms, they recover and you know, a couple of weeks or a month or something like that. But then there's some people who got it in March and still have symptoms now and they continually go through. There's like, they're called long haulers or something like that and there's like hundreds of thousands I guess in the United States. Alright. Is that can help, you know, hundreds of thousands around the world? Um So maybe it is in the United States, I'm not sure, I'm trying to remember this article, what the, what the scope was, but it was a lot more in the average age of the people who had this for like 44. So it's not like that. It's, you know, you know, being, you know, like a senior citizen or something like that. And so there's so many things that are just so weird about this thing that people don't know and I think it scares people and so they want to make it like,
oh, it's just like some other thing or, or whatever. And I understand that too because you know, at some level you have to, you have to get by. But yeah, it's just really weird, really, you know, unusual um thing for for everybody. And I've learned so much about different. There's there's people who I had such, you know, held in high esteem, but I didn't realize like they're so political that they just always want to say that it's like it's the flu. And like these are people who are like really well educated and do all these things and they just keep going back to saying to trying to say that, you know, we don't need to worry and we should just open up everything and do all this stuff and it's like, I don't know, just it's been a real um it's been a real educational thing because I had to see how people react to it and everyone reacts in a different way and it was like, oh I wouldn't have thought that this person would do this or that, I mean the young people or whatever, they're going to be, you know, stupid sometimes, you just have fun and I think that the nothing bad can happen. Um But uh yeah, I mean it's it's you know, it's been like a learning experience and like for a lot of different things um But yeah, I I appreciate what you're saying because um the I also, you know my parents are older and they you know my mom has like asthma and stuff like that. So she was like in a risk category and even my little nephew, he has like asthma and he has been to the hospital many times for respiratory issues. So even though it's not supposed to affect kids,
you
really don't want to chance it. Especially if someone is more a little bit has a more if you're a manager respiratory and stuff like that too, so. Mhm.
I
just
I just
read that
article a couple of days ago. Yeah,
I just read that a couple of days ago. I didn't know about that either. Um It's called long if you google long haul covid, there's like they wrote a huge thing and like I get like the post or the new york times or something like that. So yeah, but I just, I just found out about, but there's, you know, it's just really
I agree. 100%.
Yeah, that sounds smart. I mean even before
any of this, like I knew that like most of the times I got sick for some, for some reason was when I went on an airplane, I went to a movie theater and people were coughing or when I
hung out with like my nieces nephews because they are carrying something. And so like now when I go on an airplane and take vitamin C, when I go with hanging off, my niece never used to think vitamin C. And you know it and I did that before this just because I don't get sick if I do that. But it's, you know, there's so many different, there's uh you know, so now I'll probably always wear a mask on an airplane because even after this is over because you know why why mess with it? Um
could could be, I mean, it's probably better anyways
that people do it
because there's always something you can get sick from people on airplanes. Um
So is your daughter older than? Mhm. Like it sounds like she's not like she sounds like she can travel by herself.
Using,
Well,
come on.
Yeah, there is a regular sickness or regular cold. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm glad that she, you know, didn't have anything more serious.
You to stay safe