time. Mhm. Mhm. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Certain people, Yeah. Yeah, I want to do this. What do you think? Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mm. Yeah.
Hi. Yes. How are you?
Good
Simonyan. How about you?
thank you
Timoney. Like some phony baloney, I hate telling people that because in elementary school, but it works now. So I guess everything happens for a reason, right?
I'm really happy you asked your probably like the first time anyone's ever asked me as interestingly as that. As interesting as that is. But I sometimes volunteer and share of people because it is an interesting thing I think, which is my parents split both of their names and half and added an ending and came up with my name, which is unique to me.
Yeah. So my dad's name is mom. So that's where the M. O. N. Comes from my name. And then my mom's name is Suki kim and that's the first part of my name. So yeah, they both have unique names themselves and then they kind of masked it together to come up with mine.
Yeah, it's cool when I grew up, it was, you know, when you have a different name, you know, when teachers stumble on your name or you know, it can be like something that wasn't, I didn't consider an asset. You know, it was, you know, I guess going, especially calls money bologna at one point. Um, but I really embrace it now because, you know, for example, with gmail, it's just my first name and it's just me.
Yeah. Actually, so now I actually love it. So, and I think it's cool to have a unique name. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. I had to learn that I guess I was naive, but I was like, you know, I guess I had to kind of like understand just how I guess people are and you're right like kids or you know, there I guess it's survival mode, you know? Yeah.
Oh no. So that then you
President.
Yeah. And you know, I love, I used to love you. I still do kind of like being baloney. But like I guess for a tag onto a name, you know, like some money bologna and I guess where their hearts were coming from, it wasn't coming from like a loving type of, you know, um, intention. So I guess that's why I had a negative connotation. Yeah. But you know, I mean, I mean like you said kid stuff like I obviously understand that now. Mm No.
I'm really happy you showed up because actually, no, I've done this once or twice before. And then, um, you know I signed up for additional ones and so I was crossing fingers, I'm like I hope this one comes through, so no, it's actually not my first rodeo. Okay.
Ah
Yeah me too.
Well
Yeah I figured because um when they said six at five I'm like well maybe my chance are higher because like after work hours because the other two times it was four o'clock and I was like well I can see things coming up, you know? I didn't realize that it was four times in totality. I thought it meant just the, okay, so for me it was two other times, the first one was another one and then the second one was the second time they sent another round. So I thought was four within the second round of, you know?
yeah, I mean how did you feel about it like you know?
Oh yeah, no I meant
like for me the first time I remember both me and the other person like well this is kind of random, you know this is interesting.
Coffee.
Yeah you just reminded me that this is being recorded at the other times, I wasn't even aware.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I think it did occur to me but I didn't focus on that you know, I just I actually I'm glad because I enjoy it being so organic. It's an interesting thing because initially when I came on to both the other
person and
I commented the same thing which is well this is kind of random, like I was a bit apprehensive, like you know this is a new thing and who is this person, you know what is this? And then she was really cool and we really connected and it felt very natural. So then the second time around I had another really positive experience with you, I'm having a positive experience. So I'm like, you know, this is kind of a cool thing that you actually, you know?
now.
Oh, interesting. I've only had chicks, I will. What?
Bomb,
Well,
yeah,
yeah, so luckily I've had just conversationalists, like everyone has been easy going and really nice and respectful and the conversation kept flowing. Um so I've had really positive experiences coming into this and I guess I'm a very like positive person too. So for me, I just came into this, you know, kind of, I guess, you know, just ready to connect and share and I um unfortunately I haven't had anything negative, I guess that author guy sounds interesting, I mean he sounds like that, that would have been a really kind of interesting person to talk to you, but how is the dynamic?
Off.
I think,
I have the info, he said
more.
I that hadn't occurred to me that someone like reach out and ask for that stuff honestly.
well not
often
go,
I guess I'm a female perspective and maybe you can put yourself in my shoes in this case, but coming from a female perspective, I would just be wary and I'm not saying just with wise
I'll be worried with girls because I'm kind of like a shy reserved person naturally and I'm also very private. So um I think because of that, especially if somewhere to ask me for my contact info, I like it's not that don't trust prolific, but you are someone who have just met, you know, and do online and you know, so for me, I would just be like, I guess shy about it, you know, if I understand how you feel, I would just be taken aback kind of because I don't know, you don't want to make these kind of awkward, but at the same time it's like, what do I do? You know? Like it's kind of like, I don't feel kind of weird. I'm
not just trusted that person. It just felt like totally something, but I can be naive sometimes too, you know, so I'll let you finish Yeah.
is available on prolific?
That's ironic.
For
I'm
Yeah and I and I wouldn't necessarily think that was a negative either right. But um for example, so just thinking things through that's interesting. Sometimes facebook is innocent enough and we're all casual about, you know sharing and adding friends and people could be that way I personally am very conservative. Only people I personally at our people I know or in my inner circle. So I have like like only about 100 maybe friends from so many years. But you know, I know other people are more liberal or just different how they handle it.
So my understanding facebook those, so to throw it out there, it does allow for like geo tagging doesn't it? Or like you know, you can someone can post your tag you and it shows your location. Can you also add your address on there, like you can add like personal info right?
well.
You know. Yeah and like like you um you know I actually have a facebook account but I'm not active on it, it's up to connect with my family overseas. Um So that made me a lot happier to. Um But yeah I think that I've met someone at a party and she added me on facebook but again through mutual friends in the same circle. But I understand that's in the same kind of like light which is what I shrunk earlier than trying to share which is sometimes you connect with someone and you feel it and you feel like it's you know cool and just add facebook. So yeah I don't spend too much time trying to manage that whole experience but I can see how you felt with him asking you for the info.
no it's
all good. It's just told me he connects with you and I can see how,
how did those, no.
On
What was
that? We
you
know like the damn it you feel like you know like respect I guess respectable or did you feel like oh no like I feel old.
I had a chat to with a you know a young person and now that I remember, I think it was through this, so because I remember the 25 5 minutes thing um so she basically it was interesting because she was wearing a mask at home and she was shamed. Yeah, she was coming home, she had come home from college after like going to spring break or something and she was doing living at home with their parents and so out of like, you know, being careful with them, she was putting on the mask. So when she was chatting to me, she was wearing a mask. And it was interesting because, you know, I'm kind of aware of this also, she was sharing me how like with her friends and her, it kind of didn't, it doesn't like, it's interesting to see from a young person's perspective because when I was younger I told her I was the same way. So I used to live in Manhattan and to go off on a little tangent at that time, New york went to, I mean it's very rare, you probably know Manhattan or new york city rarely ever goes to a state of emergency. I mean that city never sleeps, it never stops running. Um
There was a snowstorm and we were at a bar till three and it was up and running you know the next morning and it was a snow storm that shut the whole city of Manhattan into a state of emergency. All the subways, all the buses, everything were closed. And I remember my friend I walked home all the way from the west side up uptown. But anyway another time new york went to a state of emergency because I believe they thought they were going to have a hurricane coming to the city.
So what
happened?
Yeah, I can't remember. I know that's bad.
So
I'm
just no, no it's before. Before so I'm older, I'm probably older than you. And so
what
happened?
Yeah, so I don't know, I don't, it was hurricane, I don't know what it was, but it was really strong winds and new york
basically was saying how like they were concerned about the weather. So in the afternoon I had gone to a state of emergency and all the businesses, I mean you know in new york, I mean everyone went home, that's how crazy it was and my friends and I said what happened was that day happened to be the I threw my birthday party and he was just all meet up after work and I was like man you can't, you gotta be kidding me. Like the one day is my birthday party this happens and
my friends, I think I'm going out anyway. I mean I was crazy for doing that, but my friends and I, we all went out like there was nothing, you know, and everything was cool, but kind of I was sharing with her, I didn't bring up that example of course, but she was sharing for me how her friends and her, like they were trying to social distance, but people still wanted to kind of go out, you know, and you know, I just don't wanna be judgmental about it. Um
I'm handling things like I feel like I'm social distancing, but when I heard her say that I could understand how a younger person, you know, you're young, you feel like your health is strong and you know, sometimes your priorities are just, you know, having fun and so she was sharing with me that a bit and in that way there was a gap a little bit because, you know, I see my elderly parents regularly and, you know, for me it's really important to be mindful during this time and to help flatten the curve. So I, but I'm at the opposite end of the spectrum, like I'm a real home body. So you know, hearing her share with me, I can kind of understand where she's coming from and I don't want to judge it because in the past I've kind of done something similar, but at the same time this is a real serious thing that's going on and so, you know, it's yeah, I don't know. Trying times.
what?
that's, you
know,
Thanks again, preparing with me. I didn't realize that about the um I didn't realize that about Covid 19. I didn't realize that you could have a for extended periods of time. I mean, like you said, I'm learning more things about it. I've been very conservative myself and very mindful. So in that way I'm at peace because I'm confident I've done my best, you know, to be responsible to everyone and um but I didn't know it was like
that actually
so
happy.
Well.
Uh
But the fact that on that's huge, you know, it's good to get educated about this as much as possible. I feel.
Yeah, I'm excited. My daughter is going to school because I I signed up for her to go online only and I'm really excited they're doing online only because you know like I share with you based in our situation. I'm just like my friend also at one point she she's a biomedical engineer and she works uh he used to work for NIH or still contracted with with NIH and she shared with me and I thought she was joking because she doesn't have kids. But she's like, kids are vectors for disease. And I was like, and then I thought about like, yeah, it's gonna be flu season. It's winter. We don't know how this, you know, viruses going to respond in the winter. My understanding is I through the grapevine. I heard that people thought that I might be less potentially problematic in the summer. So you're indoors more in the winter. So I'm just, you know, taking one day at a time, one step at a time. But you know, just trying as much as possible to be careful about it all.
What?
cost,
they might have, it might be mandatory.
what?
All
Yeah, totally. I know. I know people have been, so my daughter has been on an airplane, they were in Atlanta during like when there was a red state. So, um, yeah, they were wearing masks, but I think I'm seeing stores and places not allow people in if they don't have one. So I don't know what's going on with the, I haven't personally flown. But yeah, I think that's a smart thing to do to
oh no, no, she shoot dad. My husband, She was with with dad, so she's eight. Yeah. So they were visiting, um, his uh, cousin. So yeah. And so you know, she was wearing a mask and everything and I, I was like, oh my goodness. But anyway, everything turned out okay. And uh, you know, it was funny too because she also went up to pennsylvania and you know, she's going to camp for a couple of days. They're, my brothers were like sharing with me after they got back. They were like, you know, camp counselors were spreading Covid, I'm like, oh great. And then, you know, they play tennis in the rain. So she had this like throat thing going on and I'm thinking, oh my goodness, I hope that's not covid if you know the whole, the whole symptomatic thing and then you kind of don't do or don't want to get tested or you're not able to get tested, but it looks like it's all
fine because she's been around, you know, my parents and everyone and it looks like it was just
like
probably something that came from being out in the rain.
Yeah. Or yeah, I've never heard, I mean, but she was just saying Arthur was scratchy, but she wasn't coughing. It was like, it felt, he just kept saying it felt weird and I never heard of that. So I was like, you know, cove is funny with the symptoms too.
Yeah, me too. And you know, anyway, it's been talking to you and you know, good luck with everything there.
Yes, they saved.