Yeah. And Oh and Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Do you think what? Yeah. Next. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, thank you. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Where's my partner? Okay. Mhm, mm. Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Good Car Two. Yeah. Hey, we, yeah.
Okay. Oh
damn, wow. Yeah.
Okay. Left. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I can hear you. Mhm. No
talk.
Have you done one of these conversations before? Yeah.
I want to do as many as I can. This is only my second one. Mm hmm.
Thank you.
for sure. For sure you get a lot more for your time. Mhm.
Yeah.
My roommate has a dog and then we have a cat and
oh my gosh, you have your hands full. Mhm.
No, I think that's awesome. I actually started trying to that once. Do you have more than one bathroom?
that's best I quit doing it because it was too much of a hassle to train them. Really had one bathroom. Yeah,
but if you have a bathroom you can use while you train them in the other one. Mhm.
spread. Um I
watched a Youtube video once. Uh don't teach your cats to flush because
they like it too
much start.
They'll just like flush the toilet and then watch it and then flush in and just keep going,
They could do it, but they might also do it for fun and you make a massive water bill.
so that might not matter.
as long as you don't get freaked out if you hear the toilet flush in the middle of the night when like, you don't think anyone is in the house. Mhm.
Mhm. You would have to get used to that. But no, I think that's awesome. I do you do any other kind of like training with your cats? Mhm.
Gollum.
huh.
No,
I love that. I love that.
Smart.
Baby
steps are good. You gotta be careful with the harnesses. Like some are better than others. Um Just make sure they fit properly and your cat can't back out of them. Mm hmm.
So
it just it might be worth like practicing
inside with a leash for a little bit.
Let's just see how they, if
they're able to squirm out or not, but if you have a good fit then you should be fine. Mm.
perfect.
You can.
You know?
Uh That's awesome. So I actually did this, I did the clicker training with the cat before you use the quicker it
really helps. Let them know like what it is you want them to do.
Like, you know, like marks the behavior or whatever, you know, you already know. Um
It is a good one. And like I think the first thing that you really want to train a cat is to come here. Mm hmm
because that's very useful.
I love that. A lot of people don't think you can train cats and that's not entirely true. They're not like super obedient, but like they can be trained.
I mean, everyone likes to get paid for their work. Yeah.
Okay. But yeah, if there's something in it for them that's pretty smart. Mhm. Um I even taught my cat to speak, which was fun. Yes.
Yeah. So it was just one time he was my going on his own and then I clicked and gave him a treat and then I started to try and associated with saying speak, speak. Yeah,
signals
help.
yep. Kind
of loud now, but yeah. Mm hmm.
Sometimes it can help them be like slightly less vocal randomly, but sometimes you just don't know,
you don't know. Mhm.
Mm.
Um when I did, I didn't high five with my cat because cats love to get things with their fault. Yeah. It's pretty natural for them. But it was so funny because he would walk up to me and just tap me with Paula. Like do I get a treat
help?
Thank you,
What?
I felt a little work. Dental work. Um Cats are so smart. I love it. Um I was gonna say something and I've already forgotten what it was because that's where I'm at today um with Hi Fi. What was I thinking? Oh my gosh. I don't remember. I don't remember.
no,
no, actually, I think I was interrupting you, so it's fine. Um Okay.
Yeah, we had just I mean, we still had letter in the container on top
he was
using. It was such a mess. The
problem really. Once you get past that, it's not so bad. Uh huh.
Please.
But
we're
crazy
trying to bury it. Mhm.
That might have made a huge mess with litter and I was like, this is too much. I'm tired of sweeping the bathroom. Okay.
Yes. And then you don't have to like scoop the litter box and have that smell and that is all.
I bet it will be faster than you think. I hope so. Mhm. Making
just
they've had a few accidents. Uh huh.
Look. Oh,
mm hmm. Oh my goodness. Um So did you have pets before?
Thank
you. Mhm.
Kittens have so much energy. Are they letting you sleep at night? Mm.
That works. That works.
I
don't think I don't think so. As long, I mean, as long as they're doing okay, you know, like if they just sat in there and screamed all night, then maybe you'd be a problem
people.
That's
good.
Yeah, my cat had too much energy at night and so we had to like play with him until he was exhausted and then asleep. Mhm.
Thank
you,
Oh
cool. So then they have an outlet for energy. Mhm mm. I've never had two kittens at the same time. I can see there's like pros and cons to that. Mhm.
Mhm.
Thank
you.
Well
you can try and you can have them do it less. Mhm. Mhm.
That's funny. Yeah, because we're gonna only or the water sprayer only works when you're in the room. Mhm
mm.
It's funny.
Um you could try like a different kind of deterrent also but that's up to you because it's kind of annoying. I used for my counter. I would get like cheap placemats and then put double sided tape on them. And so if the cat jumped up would be like sticky. Mhm.
Mhm. Um And so that's supposed to be like annoying and it worked pretty well. Um It can sometimes help to have another spot high up nearby and to like just move them to that spot. So they have like a high up spot, so whatever
they wanted to see. Um
But of course like they're still gonna want to get on the table so it's a process in here.
I
love
cats. I do um
ours has no claw control and it's terrible because she's so sweet.
Yeah. Like so like when she does like the making biscuits meeting them, she digs her then mm
And
I'm trying not to but she's not getting it. She's an adult cat.
And she's just like, this is what I do. I'm like constantly pulling her paws out because
she's
marks on me.
Yeah. Absolutely. So that I don't want to like completely discourage it, not stick her claws in, that'd be great.
Happy
because
she's happy when she's doing it.
pets?
Oh, it's pretty sweet when they like, you know, lay on top of you or whatever. Oh, let
me close that. Mm Don't need extra background.
I love training your cat. You have kittens. Um I'm a sucker for animals. I worked at a pet store for about five years. Mm And it's hard not being there anymore because I used to see so many animals every day. I mean I would see hundreds of dogs and sometimes cats and all the animals that we took care of. And then sometimes you get something strange,
like we had ponies,
ponies, they were therapy ponies, but they brought them in the store and one time someone brought in a baby bobcat. Mhm.
I guess it was like raised to be a pet or whatever, I don't know why you'd want to bob behold it.
Yeah. Um I mean, the baby bobcat was like, I mean bigger than the average cat, but not a lot bigger. Uh the ponies, I don't know how to describe it, like they're not as big, like they're not like a whole horse there, she like smaller. Um but it's a pretty big animal to have walking in the store.
maybe it's a little shorter, but like, that was a big surprise,
I could hear them walking and I was like, no,
it this way.
Uh
one day I'm super regretted having the day off because someone brought a baby kangaroo in the store and I missed it.
Mhm. Yes. No idea what had a kangaroo. Um I don't know if it was like a petting zoo or something, but I missed it. One of my coworkers got to hold it. Mhm. I'm a chicken,
a
fancy chicken in the store named Sarah. All kinds of stuff like things I would never have thought of.
Yeah.
Right. And it was a baby very small. So it wasn't like, it was like a full sized grown kangaroo, but I was so mad that I missed it. I would have never imagined that that would be in the store.
Yeah.
I didn't know what to think. I was like,
I mean, of course I was interested. Mm
hmm. Um Yeah, working at the pet store could be really fun. Uh It's kind of funny though because like most dogs love me. Like almost every dog that I met in the store loved me. My roommate's dog is starting to accept me.
It's been more than a year. Um She's been kind of like afraid of me and I'm like, I'm not scary, I'm not gonna hurt you. I've never done
anything being to you. She's just like a nervous little dog. Like she loves people like the people she's super comfortable with. But yeah, little nervous. A little nervous. Yeah.
Try not to be offended. Because like I said, usually dogs love me, not used to it. The only other dog I can think of that didn't like me was a huge dog. It was a an english mastiff that one of my friends had. It's like a £200 dog. And he crossed the room to avoid me and go and hide behind his owner. Mhm. I was like, what?
Oh, he's so scary. I'm like five ft three. Like I'm not even a big person. He's like, well, he just, he reacts to objects this way to like he's just afraid of. Mhm.
Okay. But yeah, he was so much bigger. I mean like so much bigger than me, terrified.
I feel like the big dogs have less to be afraid of. I feel like the little ones have to like try and scare you away before you get too close. It's
like
everything is bigger than them. Don't eat me. I'll put up a fight. Mm hmm.
hmm.
Not super into toads, but like one of my, one of my coworkers was she even got like a toad tattooed on her like one of her pets, a tree frog too. Mhm.
I swear the one that she talked about, she said it was a dumpy toad and I had no idea what that was. Mm hmm.
That
just sounds like like a way a kid would describe a toad. Mhm.
I learned a lot more about a lot of different animals. Like I had
no idea before I started.
Yeah. I don't know about weird secrets. Like I got really into like reading the ingredient lists and stuff. Um I feel like pet food is so over complicated. But I mean there's such a range of like the cheapest to the most expensive uh one thing is that like a lot of people by the super high protein food when their dog doesn't necessarily need it, like if they're like a working dog or like mhm Some other dogs that uses a whole lot of energy in the high protein can be better, but if they're just like a house pet, they don't necessarily need that, it can kind of be overkilled.
But
yeah really, there's just like a million tons of dog food. Mhm. It gets kind of confusing kind of
and like a lot of dogs have allergies so that's part of the reason, but yeah like you don't want to have too many grains but some grains are okay. Yeah,
but if it's made up entirely of bringing like super healthy, you want a good
amount.
Yeah, there's just a better long, you know? But then like foods get fancy and then they start making things that sound like human food.
Mhm. It's like part of it is based on nutrition and part of it's just marketing and part of it's based on like, you know, dogs, different preferences.
So these different flavours. But mhm. Mm The music and a lot of dogs are allergic to chicken.
That's
a common ingredients and dog food like. Mm hmm. Yeah. Um me trying to think if there was anything other than that sort of really interesting. But not really. It's just a huge, huge variety. We were always like being trained on different brands that we got in.
Listen,
there was a lot Right. Mhm. Trying to think what else to talk about. How long have you been talking? I can't tell we started. Okay,
Um You two hours different than me then
seven. then we can kind of go by that. Mm.
mm.
So
I think
required time. Mm hmm.
Well, it was fun talking to you about pets. That's for me. Mhm.
Well, nice to meet
you. Um I hope you have a good day. Have
fun with your kittens.
I.