One sec. I'm gonna grab my earphones. Yeah. What?
Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah.
wow.
Hello, can you hear me or?
Sorry about that slightly.
Meat. 12. Mhm.
Done like five now? Yeah.
I mean like, so I started prolific like
Almost like five months now. Um And yeah, like these are like by far like the most worth it I think.
Um Yeah,
I had a deal. Do you have pets or anything or?
Yeah, my wife and I have two kitties, They're like five months old.
And then like, it's maybe dumb of us, but we're trying to like toilet trained them.
we do. But where we're trying to like train them in like only one bathroom for now, but Yeah.
I see. Uh
Right, right. Yes, luckily we do. So it's like a two bed, two bath or something like that, so. But yeah. Anyways I was dealing with uh like right before this call, like one of them had peed outside of the bathroom, and like for the first time in a while, even though he was doing such a great job of like doing it in the toilet. So I don't know what happened. Yeah.
Okay.
Oh really? You know?
And
I see.
Okay. Yeah. I'm conflicted because like I don't want like poop or whatever to be sitting there for a while so I was like they can flush too. But
Yeah. Well I think we don't pay for water luckily so
I don't care that much I guess at that point, but yes, I see the point.
guess I can never know.
Yeah, so we literally only started or like we just adopted them because of quarantine. So like we're like almost new cat parents.
Like we didn't haven't had any cats before. Well like kitties um
The question but yeah so we're trying to like train them to like be comfortable with like a leash to and yeah like every like sort of like a dog I guess and
like
um yeah not not really like well we'll work up to it but like just getting them used to wearing the harness for now. Um But
we haven't really done too much yet else besides
that.
They did
try and it's sort of cute.
What?
Oh right right right.
Well
So far it's been okay. Yeah they haven't been able to squirm out and it's like the one that that's mostly on their chest
I'm not really like yeah and then what else? Sorry? Uh There's a lot I guess we're trying to train them with treats to like do tricks like
you know come here and sit so
they have that down really well actually.
Yes. You've got okay.
Yeah, I see.
Um
Yes.
They definitely do it when I have the clicker and when I have the treats, but they don't always do it when I don't have those items so it's like, but they do, sometimes they do sometimes do it like when I even when I don't have the treats and it's a good feeling like okay come here and then they just do it and then they sit when I say sit and like yeah, that's awesome.
Especially for food. Mhm.
Exactly.
like
wow!
So
so it just be like a yeah or something? Mhm,
interesting.
we should totally try that because we have one really really really vocal one. Like really vocal
I
I see. Like, oh,
I speak all the time because my like owner says speak so I'm tired of just randomly. Yeah, I see.
I see.
Yeah, we haven't tried that one yet. We have
tried like shake. So like I'd say shake and like I hold up my hand,
they don't like automatically put their plot yet. I just I have to lift it up but I'm hoping to get that.
that's okay. That's okay. I probably, yeah, my bad. I like probably injected you
something.
I was wondering where did you get with your cat? Like where do you stop with your toilet training?
I
we we
yes, I agree.
So yeah, it is really messy, like one of so it's funny like the one that failed today was really good in that like he never really pop and like dig all the litter out, but then the other end here always poop in the toilet. But then
the other one yeah, like doesn't he like does it sometimes like half and half and like sometimes he protests the toilet, I don't know why. Um And then like, but when he does use the toilet, he always like digs all the litter out and he's
just like,
I don't know what he's doing
and
exactly.
so I know it's a mess and it's very a lot of work. It's a lot of work right now, but I know it's possible because I've seen it.
I think it's going to take like another year or something though like.
I hope so
too.
Yeah.
Mhm.
No, I've never had I never had pets growing up, but
my
wife had two cats when she grew up, but they weren't they were like older from the get go. So like we both don't have really experienced with young pets.
because because we are toilet training them, we like shun them to the bathroom for the night.
Yeah. I don't know if you think that's like animal abuse or something,
but.
Oh no, no, no, they're actually
pretty good. So like one of them the more vocal one did used to do that just because he didn't know what was going on. But like once it was like we put them in there, we turned off the lights is like bedtime for like everyone they sort of know now and like yeah, they let us they don't like, you know, a lot. So
and
they have each other.
you know, well
one thing
I noticed or I mean it's not like I had much experience before with cats, but it's great good that they have each other because like they just play with each other and keep each other entertained, although sometimes it's like mischievous but yeah,
so.
definitely. So it's funny because um
one of them were also trying to not let them get
on
tables because like, I mean I know that's gonna happen regardless probably, but
we're
we're trying to like not encourage that. So like we have this water spray bottle, like hey get off the table or something, that's what my other kitty friend has told me to do. Um But yeah, so like one of them would be on the table and then I'd like walk up to the room to see what they're doing and then the other ones like like looking up at me like hey nothing's going on here while the other cats on the table.
Exactly.
So
it's it's hard.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I see.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh man. But they're really joys that have around so
it's worth
it.
Oh. Uh huh.
who? Yeah. Uh Cloud control.
I see
it's.
what
Can
I see?
But it's like a sign of love right? Or?
Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. Arquette's
have not like
sorry.
That's good. I was gonna say our cats don't like me just yet. They do like scratch at like their scratchers
to like I don't know too shed their nails or whatever but they don't need out of love yet I guess.
Mhm.
System
Wolf.
Uh Sorry I missed that. Would.
goodness.
Yeah. Yeah. How big were those the pony and the bobcat?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was that basically as tall as you or something or? Yeah wow.
What?
Is
that an actual horse site here? Uh huh.
But
what?
Okay.
That's not
wow. May I ask what are you in the U. S. Or? Okay.
I Okay. I that's so funny. Like I would not have imagined like a kangaroo like outside of a zoo I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wow ponies, chickens I can see I guess. But yeah the kangaroo still gets me. Yeah. That that's yeah, that's crazy. Yeah.
Mhm.
Well,
Yeah.
Oh, really? After how long?
What?
Every, I guess every animal does have their own personality,
That's crazy.
That's so funny.
I do know. That's funny because, yeah, I mean, I don't know if there's like been studies or something, but I do notice like little dogs seem to be the most like vocal and like aggressive, Like, yes. And then like the bigger dogs are like just chill or like maybe 10 it even.
So
funny.
Did you have any, um, so I have this like friend that was a
friend from grade school. I mean, I don't talk to him that much anymore, but I always see like in posting on facebook of like, because he, I think works at a pet store. Like are you into like toads at all?
I mean I didn't know there's so many different types of toads I guess. Like this one was called like a tomato. So it or something.
Yeah. Don't ask
me.
interesting. Mm
Shoot.
Mm hmm. Are there any like uh weird secrets of like pet food or something? I don't know.
I see. Let's
see.
I guess that's why I asked because like when we go to the store, there's so many different like cans and like bags and everything. You can imagine. Yeah.
Okay.
I
see.
Right, right, right, right. Mhm.
Can you do,
poop. Really? I didn't
know that,
I
see.
Sorry, I think 307. Is that right?
Oh yes I'm in California.
seven After. Okay. Um
and so it's 33. um
That is
that good?
Okay.
it was very interesting I'm glad.
Good.
thanks you too.
Thanks bye.