SPEAKER_L: this is something yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah, it's true. Well, Uh huh It's amazing. Okay, how
SPEAKER_R: yeah you want hey
SPEAKER_L: you can wear
SPEAKER_R: Happy
SPEAKER_L: it? I'm good. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: how was your day yesterday go?
SPEAKER_R: it was it was good. Um So what did I do? My little brother came over um which was nice, you don't get to see him very often. We live about an hour and a half away from each other. Um He came over and we um yeah we hung out and eat dim sum and I made brownies and otherwise I hung out with my kids and they were wild and we had fun. I finished a book I've been reading for a while, so it was a good day. How about
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you? How was your day?
SPEAKER_L: sounds good. Um Yesterday, what
SPEAKER_R: Brooke.
SPEAKER_L: did I do? I went to the market for a while with my mom morning and then we went, where was it ross for a bit because I need some clothes and then um what else did I do? Then I came home and I just I was with my boyfriend just playing games, so that's basically how it went and then I ended up making this chicken that took a long time to cook. For whatever reason, it's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: what type of chicken was it?
SPEAKER_L: like it's fried chicken, but I was trying the recipe
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: that there was online and it's a whole process where you need buttermilk and I didn't have butter middle, so I had to like you
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: some substitutes and just put it into like sit for a while in the fridge like a few hours. It was just it was unprocessed. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: good. Oh goodness.
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: can.
SPEAKER_R: so how did it taste when you finally cooked it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh it was perfect. Like it was worth three for sure.
SPEAKER_R: It's funny, I
SPEAKER_L: And yeah,
SPEAKER_R: hate it when that happens and you're like I'm gonna eat this thing and it's gonna be delicious and then like five hours later you're like why did I have to make this?
SPEAKER_L: I know. I was I was ready to cry, I was like I need to eat now. And then yesterday also had a video chat, the same one that we're doing today. And uh it was driving me insane because I got paired up with someone, but I'm not sure if it was my computer or if it was their computer that was messing up. It was the worst like beyond experience that I've had so far because I could not hear them and they kept having to yell at the computer and then 15 minutes in like it just messed up. They didn't see me anymore even though I was there and I could see them and they couldn't care me. So it just all went, oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah. When sideways? Was that your first, your first conversation with someone?
SPEAKER_L: no, it was probably like gonna be since they only allowed four times which was in the past, but now they're allowing six so that was probably going to be my fifth time. But now it's my official since it works now, I think it was my freaking computer, I was checking it and my boyfriend's always messing with the sound system for whatever reason. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: my God, he's like it's not your fault. Yes, it was my fault back. Could have checked the sound system beforehand.
SPEAKER_R: What is he doing to the sound system?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know because he's always playing games with his friends online and encourage me they've been playing this scary game so I guess he lowered down the sound system however he did it so he wouldn't get jump scares. But it just messed up my video chatting and just like,
SPEAKER_R: And yeah that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: would be super ugly.
SPEAKER_L: And how many kids
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: you have?
SPEAKER_R: uh I have to I have a four, he's almost four, he'll be four in December four year old son And then a 15 month old daughter, so she's a little bit over a year old, she's great, they're great.
SPEAKER_L: How is
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: the mother
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: being,
SPEAKER_R: blood,
SPEAKER_L: life?
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Um It finally hit me the other day, I don't know, so like life transitions, right? At first when you like when I first became a mom, I was 20 8, 29, 12, Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: because like you know, I'm still young and I have kids and it's fine and uh and then I don't know, something clicked like last week, and I was like, oh no, I'm just like, solid mom energy. Like, you know how when you grow up, like, moms are kind of like, your parents in general are kind of like, other, right? There's there's that like, it's hard to relate to your parents sometimes and have like a different lived experience, and I was like, oh no, now, like I'm selling mom energy, like I work for a university, so I work, I will talk to college students on occasion, I was like, oh no, they're looking at me like, I'm like an adult, my mom,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: Which I am, so I'm number 30, so that's that's accurate. But but yeah, so it's good. I like it, it's kind of a different, it's a different thing, but I love being immersed in it because kids are hilarious. Uh Especially especially like it for around that age because they can talk really well, especially my son can talk really well, but he doesn't always understand what he's talking about. Um So like his language is more advanced than his understanding. Um so he decided at bedtime on site to like it's like dad this weekend, uh what did you say this weekend? I would I would paint this weekend as a win, like would you like who talks like that?
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: weak.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I'm like going like this
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: is fan uh you know they just talk about, he's like, but but if I could give you some recommendations, uh I suppose go ahead. Give us recommendations. What? Just
SPEAKER_L: that's just, oh,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I know all
SPEAKER_R: have?
SPEAKER_L: of that. Since I have a little brother and sister, I'm the oldest and they're just crazy basic problem with me.
SPEAKER_R: Right, but what are they?
SPEAKER_L: Um my brother, he's 28, I think he's eight or seven, I forget sometimes I, I don't live with him anymore, so, and then my sister cheese, I believe she's five. Yeah, and the other day she, oh my God, she got on my nerves and she's just five because I wanted to spend time with her. So I told my mom I'm like, hey, let's have a day out. I'm like, I want to see my brother and sister, you know, it's been a while because we live an hour away from each other and I was like, you know, let's let's just take them out and you know, I just want to talk to them and see them purple and she's like, okay. And so I'm talking to my sister and you know, she's asking me questions about my boyfriend, like yeah, yeah, he's fine. He's fine. She's like, just so you know, I'm gonna steal him one day so you can come back home. And
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I was like, attitude
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: in that statement, like it was beyond me. And I told her, what did you say? Like can you repeat that for me? And she's like, I'm going to steal him because you're not home with me. And I was like, oh, okay. So that's how it's gonna be.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, mhm. Oh no,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: 1
SPEAKER_R: double.
SPEAKER_L: to watch for her, right?
SPEAKER_R: gosh, so what's it like having siblings that are so much younger? So I have siblings that are a lot older than me? I am I see my older sister, my oldest sister is 14 years older than me and my brother is 11 years older than me, so I'm the younger one. What's it like to be the older sister of really little siblings?
SPEAKER_L: It's a handful. At least it was a few years back. Um I went ahead and moved in with my boyfriend at 18 and now I'm currently 19 and before that it was difficult. Um My parents were going through a rough patch and basically they were both not home. Most of the time my mom had to work, my dad was working, I had to be the mother to them. I How to stop my little childhood like around what was it? 12 I think. And I had to step into the mom mode. So I started, you know, learning how to take care of my brother when he was a baby. And at that time like flu season came in. So I was literally, you know, having to make sure I wasn't like I was being very like hygienic and make sure that I had, you know, not cough even though nobody else could care for him. So, and it was funny because I remember this one time, you know, that the flu hits so bad. I I kept going to throw up and my dad was having the flu too. And he came home from work and he's like, you know, let me go take care of havoc. You know, my brother for a bit and you know, for me to go throw up and then he would take a turn throwing up. So it was it was tough. It was hard. But then by the time my sister, you know, was born, I had a little bit more freedom I guess because my mom stopped working and then I still had to take care of them because they still had to go do stuff, but it was tough because my brother's autistic and I don't really know the protocols for that. Um, and he does have a lot of behavioral issues because it's connected with the autism. Um, my sister, she's, she's gotten to be a little devil. She used to be such an angel. But so yeah, it's hard being the older one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it sounds like it, is that how is that um like informed your perspective as you grow up, has it changed how you feel about having Children someday in the future? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Because it's like at the team, we might think about it and I know like it's going to be different because, I mean, it's like how you saw your parents, right? You saw them, they raise you another way and you saw different ways you want to raise your kids. I think that's what everybody does. They have their own like new perspectives. Like I'm going to raise my child this way, you know, because my parents did this and this and this. So for me that's, that's how I'm seeing. I'm seeing it as a learning experience and to make sure, you know, there's certain things I raised my child with, but I'm really not going to be a mom for a while.
SPEAKER_R: that's no that's good. I think it's really, I'm glad that that like the social climate has kind of changed to not expect women to be like mom's before they want to be moms or not at all if they don't want to be mom's, right, like don't have kids, if you don't kids, there's no no reason that you have to, so I get it, you know, I grew up, so I'm like the younger sibling, but I have I have six siblings, and so there's seven of us and only two of my
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: siblings actually have the same parents. Um And it was my husband and I were actually talking about this the other day, it's really weird, so my my siblings range from Um Gosh, my sister's 47, so my sister is almost 50 and my youngest sister is 15, so there's this this huge gap and they don't have um But like I just grew up in this really kind of weird environment. My dad was my mom's second marriage and then uh they got, well he got deported when I was little because he was not a US citizen and um and had he came from Greece and overstayed his Visa and and then he immigration from that and he had to put it um And so he was he he spent my childhood in a different country so you know kind of like basically single parent household but then I have other siblings who got stuck in that kind of like parental role, especially my sister, she's like my second mom. And and then I have my mom got married again and I have younger siblings and then my dad had siblings had more Children. And so just like all these kids um So it's you know my husband, I have decided to have two kids and that's it. You know we're both their parents where you run and just like happy loving marriage. We've done, we waited to have kids before. We were both like solidly ready, right established in our careers and ready to have kids. And yeah, it's just been a totally different experience from my childhood, which was, you know, basically single mom and always really tough. And I can imagine for my sister and my brother was really tough because I didn't get to the kids because they were worried about me and my little brother. I was like, I'm not doing that sounds terrible. You know, I feel for my mom it had to be so difficult to be a single mom. Um and uh yeah, I just, the parents so just don't want to go through that it's tough enough as a child I can imagine as the parent is even worse.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's the thing, like I grew up with that mentality already like To not have kids for a good while, because I found out a while back that my mom had me at 15, my dad was 16 and I was like, oh my God, like that's crazy. And my family has had a history of having kids like at a really, really early age 15, 16, 17. And I was just like, a lot of them never got to finish school and they had to finish online and I was like, I don't want to be like that, like I'm not trying to say is wrong, but I don't want to be like that, I want to be different, I want to be mentally ready, mentally prepared because they weren't and I want to just be very stable, which is, you know, like everything stable. So yeah, I grew up with that mentality because apparently from what I hear, I was a real, a real chill baby, I wasn't, it wasn't crazy and I was like, what happened with my brother and sister then? You know,
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: They were surprises when I tell you surprises, surprises. I mean surprises because my mom had been taking birth control at the time and she was still pregnant And we do not know
SPEAKER_R: And that
SPEAKER_L: until she was seven months.
SPEAKER_R: well, oh my gosh, she finally kind of just start to show was like wait a minute.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she was like, I'm gaining too much weight. I need to go to the doctor, she's like, something's wrong with me and I'm like, okay. And then she came home with the news that, you know, there's a boy inside of her And I was like, Okay. But I started thinking I'm like, it's not healthy, you know, for her to have been taking birth control even though I was 12. And like something's not right here. I'm like, she's been taking measures even though while you know, she's pregnant, I'm like, something's wrong. And so he came out, we thought nothing was wrong, we thought he was fine. But then eventually when he was, you know, 5, 6 months, we started figuring out because he wouldn't look us directly in the eye. He would look up at the ceiling a lot and he started having speech problems. So it was tough and with my sister, she was a surprise to that's the same and it was just crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's gonna be hard. Especially if you like actively preventing pregnancy and you end up pregnant. That why? Oh gosh, I'm fortunately, you know my son, he was very planned. I had the disorder called PCOS which causes fertility points an endocrine disorder. Um but it causes fertility problems too. So with my son, we were like in and out of doctors offices for like two years trying to figure out how to deal with this. It's
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: it's an endocrine disorder that that mimics diabetes. So I don't have diabetes, but it affects my ability to process sugar and to produce insulin or to use for my body to use insulin which in turn impacts fertility. And so um there's you know, there are varying varying degrees of fertility issues. But so with my son, I mean it was just like so intentional, I get like really two years like how can we make this work? And so I'm getting pregnant be uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's called I ui which is short a step short of IVF. So I still like got pregnant and then once I got pregnant my body was like yeah this is cool, we got it. You know I carried with no problems, gave birth in the phones, but then with my daughter we were planning on having a second child, like going back to the doctor to have a second child. And so I was preventing pregnancy and then one day I was just like why am I so sick? Like Blaha feel terrible it ended up being pregnant with her. But uh but you know in both of those cases, even though I got pregnant maybe a couple of months earlier than I than we had originally planned a couple months is not a big deal. Um It's got to be so frustrating. Yeah. To be preventing and and end up pregnant. I imagine it would be really hard with our two kids now. Like we're holding off on making any permanent changes just in case we want a third. Like we're pretty sure we're done with two because I personally can't handle more kids that I have arms because you won't be able to you know like gravel, but once we're positive that were absolutely done like we're gonna he's getting a vasectomy, we're not taking any chances. But they surprised. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Especially once once uh If you had to start so early, my mom had my sister at 17, She got pregnant at 16 and had my sister at 17 and that's why I didn't even know, like at 17 I look back at how I wasn't 17
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: was like could I like, you know, I was like obsessed with musicals and uh makeup and like oh my gosh, if somebody had told me I was going to be a mom, I'm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I don't know, like right now I'm a mother of three cats and that's a lot of responsibility as it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh tell me about your cats, What are they like?
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't know if you saw mine earlier, but he was right here. He his name, uh Tigger and basically he, I rescued all three of them. I don't like shopping for babies because there's out there, you know, some that need to be rescued and definitely at least a person, you know, go through a few times in their life when an animal needs them. So I waited for my times and last year exactly on christmas christmas day. Um he was just roaming around and he found me and he just, he saw me and I looked at him, he looked well fed. So I was like, let's go see your owners are apparently nobody knew anything about him. So I took him home And then I already had two girls and that one's name is precious And then the other one is shadow. And basically with precious, what happened was I saw an ad on craigslist, basically the story on the description was her mother got run over and she had babies, you know that we're just days old and these people were bottle feeding them with formulas and stuff and it just, it wasn't working because that person that was taking care of her had work and I was like, okay, this is my chance. So I took her to and I raised her from a baby and it was, it was a lot because it's like the same thing as having a regular baby. She was peeing the bed, she needed to be taught to use the litter box and her eyes had just barely open. So it was a lot of stuff with her, especially because she was the tiniest thing that I raised and then after her, a few months later I was, what was I doing? I was going to apartments with my mother in law. I thought I call her my mother in law even though we're not technically married, me and my boyfriend, but me and her, we're going to visit her mom and at the apartments I saw this poor little thing just on the floor and her I was bleeding and it looks like people have been leaving tacos for her on the floor and it made me just so mad because her mom had told me that the people that were raising her, they leave her outside, but whenever they wanted to play with her, they would bring her in and most of the time she would be thrown out when she was just injured. So I was like, I don't care if she belongs to people, like if she's outside, it's free range, so I'm like let's take her home. So that's the story of how I ended up with three tabs.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Oh that's so sweet though that you find that you know, find these animals that really need loving homes, see you're such a great cat, mom, it's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's been a good year with them. Like I'm scared because the boy is overweight and he has a little bit of breathing problems.
SPEAKER_R: Um No. Yeah, it's hard, I'm usually my cats are in here, I have a big um I have a big fat orange cat. He I got him when he was like this big, he got kicked out of his litter. And so I have a because you know, cat, so you don't find cats, cats find you, like, I'm like the same opinion, like nobody actually goes to buy a cat like cat, you just see a cat outside one day and then it's your cat. Um But I had a friend of a friend, her cat had a litter and then he was kicked out of the litter, so the other kittens wouldn't let him eat. They were and she was like, I'm gonna have to turn this cat over to the shelter, it shelters full, they're going to euthanize them. Like, I don't know what to do with this kitten. And my friend told me about it, like find your kid, go over him here, give him to me. So I remember he brought him to my workplace because I was working and he showed up with this little bitty orange kitten who when I got into is seven weeks old. So he was like, mostly weaned and his eyes were, and so he was past the formula stage, but he's still really little. Um and so I got him neutered like really quickly because we didn't want to have to have to worry about that too later, but when you do that that early on, it makes it difficult to regulate their weight and they get older. So now how old? So I've had him for six years. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: There.
SPEAKER_R: I actually got him this time uh six years ago and he has this little bitty orange kitten, and my boss like fell in love with him too, and she was like, oh, he's a Halloween kitten, let's name him Ichabod, so he's Ichabod, my pumpkin cat. And now as he's gotten bigger he's starting to look like a pumpkin and I'm like oh no what, I gotta do something like he needs to lose weight because he's so you know he has trouble. Uh He's kind he's just a little funny, he likes to eat his feelings Like he has stressed and I have another cat, she's 18 years old. Um She's
SPEAKER_L: 18.
SPEAKER_R: a little, Yeah she's 18, I got her when she was six years old. Um So I've had her for 12 years, she was another one, the same friend uh knew somebody who was moving and her fiance didn't like cats. And so she was gonna dump this cab at the humane society like no don't the cat? So I adopted her. She's six, she's this little bitty calico, I love her. Her name is Miss Kitty. Um She's she's more of a roommate than a than a for baby. Like she just, she tolerates me because if you are but she's very sweet. Um but she's never had trouble regulating her food intake. Like I can leave food out all day and she'll eat and she's hungry and what what she's not. But Ichabod man. He uh he just scars and so like, like I don't know what to do because I don't want to take her food away
SPEAKER_L: That's the
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: same problem I'm having with Tigger. I'm like, what do I do? I'm like, I don't want to put them on the diet and like it's tough for us as enough for people for us to go on a diet. I'm like, why would I want to do that to him? And I'm like, I don't know what to do with him.
SPEAKER_R: I don't either. I thought about making him go on walks, but I don't know like you'd be that weirdo in the neighborhood with their cat
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on the hardest
SPEAKER_L: called him up.
SPEAKER_R: these exercise.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I'm scared for him because only because like when he sleeps, he snores like a person, I'm like, oh God, I'm like, it's getting worse. I'm like, it's because we also spayed or neutered, I'm not sure what the term is, but we did that to him and ever since then he got really big and I didn't know it does that to them. I was like wow two.
SPEAKER_R: It does something to the hormones, but it's better than not not fixing them right? Like you don't want a monitor cat up there because that's how you get more kittens that need homes. But but yeah. Gosh, it's hard. I've seen like, I don't know if you've seen them like Reddit or our facebook er into the social media sites. You know like they'll put the cats who have to go through weight loss regimen will make them walk in water and the channel.
SPEAKER_L: I think I've seen those videos before and I've also seen like what they have like a hamster wheel I think for the I thought about getting that for my my boy but I doubt he would use it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder about that because like, you know my cats are like tear us around the house, right? Like would you do it? Well maybe get someone exercise? My little cat would totally do it. Like I know her she's not she doesn't need exercise. She's very way it's no surprise here. Let's show you. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And I was scared because there was another thing um my mother in law, she's a cat lady herself like a major one basically her neighborhood is full of cats that basically everybody leaves their cats just running around free range and nobody you know feeds them at least as far as I know. And she what she does is once a week she gets a big bag of cat food at least like 12 or £15 worth. And then she feeds them you know throughout three times a day as far as I know And then her husband buys the wet food while she buys the dry food And her daughter will go out the first round at six to go ahead and feed them and the next is like 5:00 and the next is whenever her husband comes home Which is nine I think. And they have so many and they just keep breeding and breeding uh A lot there's at least 123-456-6 cats and then two of the girls had babies. So it's a literally
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: from each it's a lot
SPEAKER_R: Now where are you geographically
SPEAKER_L: texas.
SPEAKER_R: in texas? Okay. I wonder because like out here asylum in Kentucky. Um We have, I don't know if you're humane since I do have like trapping, trapping Neutering programs like they so people will sign up to do it with the humane society, Leave food out and then you trap the cats in a very human way. You take them. They fix them, they notched their ears so that, you know, they've been fixed and then they released them back out in the wild.
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: But that way to continue.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard I've heard of that I think there's very little of that. I wish they would do more of that but they don't and most of the time they just take them to the pounds and you know what they do at the pound. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Baby. So hard.
SPEAKER_L: yeah so it's it's very different from the places I've I've seen like a lot of places that we go through the length of wanting to go ahead and prevent you know all this. But over here there's just so many too many over breed cats with no homes and crazy tiger coming
SPEAKER_R: You can.
SPEAKER_L: in precious. Oh she's coming this way, you can see her.
SPEAKER_R: That's destructive. Listen.
SPEAKER_L: Hi my mama right now they're being crack kids, they're just running and I hate how they stopped because it's an apartment and I'm scared that the neighbors downstairs hear them all the
SPEAKER_R: I'm.
SPEAKER_L: time. I don't know if you uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh, but which one is that
SPEAKER_L: this one shadow over here and that one
SPEAKER_R: ability?
SPEAKER_L: over there with white, her name is precious.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Shadow impression. So they're ready?
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, I get scared I have to adopt another one soon because when those cats had letters of cats um basically one of them got sick and my mother in law, she's like, hey, you know, I'm gonna need to take this one to animal hospital and after it's done, do you want it? And I'm like, I don't know if I can handle all floors. They're, you know, they're all within a their own age, they're more a year so that's good for them. But if it's a baby, I'm scared and they're all gonna bully it. So I told I'm like, well I'm like maybe I can afford another one. And then she's like, yeah, but it's also going to come with the hospital bill and the hospital bill was going to 2000. And I was like, And I'm in the process of getting a house so I can't do 2000. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's a lot. That's Oh that's a big that bill to have to deal with. Have
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: ever thought about just fostering?
SPEAKER_L: what what do you do with fostering? I don't know the process of fostering.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think so. I only know how fostering works when you're working with the humane society. You basically provide a home for the kitten or puppy or whatever the animal is. And um and while you're while you're taking care of it, the agency photos and tries to find it a home so you're just you're just taking care of it. But typically if you're fostering with like the humane society they pay for all the animals bills. So you're not having to worry about that. But you're you're socializing them, right? Um I don't know about Cassidy much socialization because they're kind of solitary creatures but especially with dogs you know they need to get used to people but I guess even a cat needs to get used to like being around people. Um But yeah you just take care of them and but you don't have to worry about paying for all those bills because the humane society or
SPEAKER_L: Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: A. S. P. C. A. Or whatever the organization is, takes care of that so.
SPEAKER_L: I think the problem with that is that I have really really bad attachment issues. I would get
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: attack
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: and I would just cry whenever they have to go. My my boyfriend's also a big cat person. He's, I didn't, I didn't think he would be because he's allergic to them, but he's a really big cat person, animal person in general. And right now that we're getting our house, we're worried we're like it's a it's a big house were like how are we going to do it? Because they're used to this small, spacious apartment but this is gonna be a lot more room for them. And we're just like or in general I guess how it's going to be for them because I lose them even in this tiny apartment. I lose them. They will sometimes they open doors on their own. I don't know how, but they open doors and I will find that one of them is in the bathroom door and
SPEAKER_R: What happened?
SPEAKER_L: I'll find one of them in a random closet. Sometimes they want to be in the washer, sometimes they want to be in the kitchen drawers and it I get I don't know if your cat type, I don't know if they do that too. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They like the most Hard Places. We have the Ichabod, the Fat one hill. I don't know like if he can find a piece of like like a mattress or a chair, there's a piece of loose fabric, he'll work at loose and get up into the furniture. And so I had a chair we got rid of it but like it was an old beat up chair. And so he had gotten the lighting loose and like climb up into the chair and sleep in there. And I would like wearing myself sex like I've lost my cat. Where is he going to call him? And he wouldn't come like I'm going to do a cat again and he just, you know, he'd wake up and drop out of the chair like he does and he finds the weirdest places to hide. I Yeah, well he'll
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: he'll get up and like, yeah, closets in the corner so you can't find him. He does that. So I guess he can sleep undisturbed. My other cat. She she doesn't really hide too often. She sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he likes to attack, he doesn't attack her, but like he's younger and he likes to play and so she has to like barricade herself when she wants to sleep because otherwise, you know, he would jump on her and like her as her, she doesn't hide too badly. Um and you can usually call her and she'll come. But yeah, he gets in the weirdest places, you know, they can fit wherever their heads can fit.
SPEAKER_L: That's that's scary though because one time I got really like I started crying I had a breakdown because one of them is a little bit more feral than the others I think because of its yeah it's shadow she was she's more feral because of I think all the injuries she had and she's just scared of people in general. She it took a long time for her to even give me a little bit of trust. She barely tolerates me. But I found her
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: because we have this like uh it's kind of like a bed, but it's kind of like a couch. I don't know how you call it, it's one of those adjustable.
SPEAKER_R: good time.
SPEAKER_L: I think so, and we it's kind of broken, so right now we leave it like, and it's just like laying flat and have a blanket that they dragged under there for whatever reason. And it's dark, it's just a dark little hole, you know underneath. And I would having a mental breakdown. I was crying. I was like, how the heck did she get out? I'm like, I have not opened the door once to outside. I'm like, and there's no way I'm gonna find her because it's a it's a lot of apartments around here and I see her come out of the fricking dark hole and I was like I wasn't even scolding her anything. I was like just don't do that again. People there all the time now like that's her hiding spot because Tigger does not leave her alone. He said to fat ass on top of her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So mean, you know we tried to get you can get them to come out here what we have. No um we
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: when when we got Ichabod and he was really little little Miss Kitty was already an adult and she terrorized him, like was so mean to him And she's a little tiny cat, like she's £5 on a bad day, she's really little um and she terrorized him as a kid and
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: and you know, you can't try explaining to her, like he's going to be bigger
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: than you, you should probably quit that can't do you understand that? And so then now he's like Taking turns paying it back and he's easily, even before he got fat, he was like £19,, he's a huge gap. Um It doesn't matter. I mean he's just big and then now that he's fat, he's probably close to $25. Like he's
SPEAKER_L: mary
SPEAKER_R: he's insane, insanely large cat. Um And so yeah he's the same thing like sit on her, he'll start you know how they come, they're really sweet like he'll live her head and she'll let it happen like no miss kitty, it's a trap who's gonna get to lay on you. Yeah it's fun right? Like you know with having kids you can explain to them like quit terrorizing each other quickly mean to each other and they listen sometimes the cats. Yeah they don't they're like whatever. Just
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: tell me what?
SPEAKER_L: crazy like sometimes I don't think they listen to us like have you ever like called them and they're just looking at you like and they won't move and it's confusing. It's like do you know what your name is? Do you know the name I gave you
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't.
SPEAKER_L: scared I guess here they have amnesia or something.
SPEAKER_R: No there's just kept Ichabod will do, he does this and he knows which furniture. So I just got a brand new couch and he'll get mad and he'll look at me and post close and couch and he won't do anything. Like everybody gets closer to the couch And he'll start to help get one important. You don't put it out and he doesn't what he wants attention. So if he's not gotten enough attention he'll start to it's a little bit you don't quit. And then like if I go to grab him so he'll cut it out, he's gone. So they know they know their names, they know what they're doing. They're just
SPEAKER_L: They just don't care. They
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: care.
SPEAKER_R: care and that's why we love them because jerks, adorable
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: fucking jerks.
SPEAKER_L: look at her.
SPEAKER_R: That was precious. She's cute.
SPEAKER_L: This one shadow over there. They're chasing after each other. That's why she's coming over here to look at me. Yeah. Shit I forgot the time. Let me check how we how we talk time.
SPEAKER_R: I think we have talked to plenty, yep. Sorry we start talking about cats and it's like okay let's let's talk all day about animals.
SPEAKER_L: I'm the same way. Well it was nice meeting you
SPEAKER_R: You too. Oh I didn't get your name. What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Samantha. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Mr Lawrence.
SPEAKER_L: It was nice
SPEAKER_R: Please
SPEAKER_L: meeting.
SPEAKER_R: take it. You too will enjoy your stay. Have fun with your cats
SPEAKER_L: you too.
SPEAKER_R: and right have a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: good week.
SPEAKER_L: You too.