yeah you want hey
Happy
and
it was it was good. Um So what did I do? My little brother came over um which was nice, you don't get to see him very often. We live about an hour and a half away from each other. Um He came over and we um yeah we hung out and eat dim sum and I made brownies and otherwise I hung out with my kids and they were wild and we had fun. I finished a book I've been reading for a while, so it was a good day. How about
you? How was your day?
Brooke.
what type of chicken was it?
But
no.
good. Oh goodness.
But
was
it
so how did it taste when you finally cooked it?
It's funny, I
hate it when that happens and you're like I'm gonna eat this thing and it's gonna be delicious and then like five hours later you're like why did I have to make this?
yeah. When sideways? Was that your first, your first conversation with someone?
Mhm.
What is he doing to the sound system?
And yeah that
would be super ugly.
Well
uh I have to I have a four, he's almost four, he'll be four in December four year old son And then a 15 month old daughter, so she's a little bit over a year old, she's great, they're great.
There
are
blood,
that's good. Um It finally hit me the other day, I don't know, so like life transitions, right? At first when you like when I first became a mom, I was 20 8, 29, 12, Um
because like you know, I'm still young and I have kids and it's fine and uh and then I don't know, something clicked like last week, and I was like, oh no, I'm just like, solid mom energy. Like, you know how when you grow up, like, moms are kind of like, your parents in general are kind of like, other, right? There's there's that like, it's hard to relate to your parents sometimes and have like a different lived experience, and I was like, oh no, now, like I'm selling mom energy, like I work for a university, so I work, I will talk to college students on occasion, I was like, oh no, they're looking at me like, I'm like an adult, my mom,
Which I am, so I'm number 30, so that's that's accurate. But but yeah, so it's good. I like it, it's kind of a different, it's a different thing, but I love being immersed in it because kids are hilarious. Uh Especially especially like it for around that age because they can talk really well, especially my son can talk really well, but he doesn't always understand what he's talking about. Um So like his language is more advanced than his understanding. Um so he decided at bedtime on site to like it's like dad this weekend, uh what did you say this weekend? I would I would paint this weekend as a win, like would you like who talks like that?
Hello?
I know, I'm like going like this
is fan uh you know they just talk about, he's like, but but if I could give you some recommendations, uh I suppose go ahead. Give us recommendations. What? Just
you
have?
Right, but what are they?
it
is.
Oh, mhm. Oh no,
that's
double.
gosh, so what's it like having siblings that are so much younger? So I have siblings that are a lot older than me? I am I see my older sister, my oldest sister is 14 years older than me and my brother is 11 years older than me, so I'm the younger one. What's it like to be the older sister of really little siblings?
Yeah it sounds like it, is that how is that um like informed your perspective as you grow up, has it changed how you feel about having Children someday in the future? Yeah.
that's no that's good. I think it's really, I'm glad that that like the social climate has kind of changed to not expect women to be like mom's before they want to be moms or not at all if they don't want to be mom's, right, like don't have kids, if you don't kids, there's no no reason that you have to, so I get it, you know, I grew up, so I'm like the younger sibling, but I have I have six siblings, and so there's seven of us and only two of my
siblings actually have the same parents. Um And it was my husband and I were actually talking about this the other day, it's really weird, so my my siblings range from Um Gosh, my sister's 47, so my sister is almost 50 and my youngest sister is 15, so there's this this huge gap and they don't have um But like I just grew up in this really kind of weird environment. My dad was my mom's second marriage and then uh they got, well he got deported when I was little because he was not a US citizen and um and had he came from Greece and overstayed his Visa and and then he immigration from that and he had to put it um And so he was he he spent my childhood in a different country so you know kind of like basically single parent household but then I have other siblings who got stuck in that kind of like parental role, especially my sister, she's like my second mom. And and then I have my mom got married again and I have younger siblings and then my dad had siblings had more Children. And so just like all these kids um So it's you know my husband, I have decided to have two kids and that's it. You know we're both their parents where you run and just like happy loving marriage. We've done, we waited to have kids before. We were both like solidly ready, right established in our careers and ready to have kids. And yeah, it's just been a totally different experience from my childhood, which was, you know, basically single mom and always really tough. And I can imagine for my sister and my brother was really tough because I didn't get to the kids because they were worried about me and my little brother. I was like, I'm not doing that sounds terrible. You know, I feel for my mom it had to be so difficult to be a single mom. Um and uh yeah, I just, the parents so just don't want to go through that it's tough enough as a child I can imagine as the parent is even worse.
All right.
And that
well, oh my gosh, she finally kind of just start to show was like wait a minute.
Yeah. That's gonna be hard. Especially if you like actively preventing pregnancy and you end up pregnant. That why? Oh gosh, I'm fortunately, you know my son, he was very planned. I had the disorder called PCOS which causes fertility points an endocrine disorder. Um but it causes fertility problems too. So with my son, we were like in and out of doctors offices for like two years trying to figure out how to deal with this. It's
it's an endocrine disorder that that mimics diabetes. So I don't have diabetes, but it affects my ability to process sugar and to produce insulin or to use for my body to use insulin which in turn impacts fertility. And so um there's you know, there are varying varying degrees of fertility issues. But so with my son, I mean it was just like so intentional, I get like really two years like how can we make this work? And so I'm getting pregnant be uh
it's called I ui which is short a step short of IVF. So I still like got pregnant and then once I got pregnant my body was like yeah this is cool, we got it. You know I carried with no problems, gave birth in the phones, but then with my daughter we were planning on having a second child, like going back to the doctor to have a second child. And so I was preventing pregnancy and then one day I was just like why am I so sick? Like Blaha feel terrible it ended up being pregnant with her. But uh but you know in both of those cases, even though I got pregnant maybe a couple of months earlier than I than we had originally planned a couple months is not a big deal. Um It's got to be so frustrating. Yeah. To be preventing and and end up pregnant. I imagine it would be really hard with our two kids now. Like we're holding off on making any permanent changes just in case we want a third. Like we're pretty sure we're done with two because I personally can't handle more kids that I have arms because you won't be able to you know like gravel, but once we're positive that were absolutely done like we're gonna he's getting a vasectomy, we're not taking any chances. But they surprised. Yes. Yeah.
Especially once once uh If you had to start so early, my mom had my sister at 17, She got pregnant at 16 and had my sister at 17 and that's why I didn't even know, like at 17 I look back at how I wasn't 17
was like could I like, you know, I was like obsessed with musicals and uh makeup and like oh my gosh, if somebody had told me I was going to be a mom, I'm
Oh tell me about your cats, What are they like?
Okay. Oh that's so sweet though that you find that you know, find these animals that really need loving homes, see you're such a great cat, mom, it's yeah.
Um No. Yeah, it's hard, I'm usually my cats are in here, I have a big um I have a big fat orange cat. He I got him when he was like this big, he got kicked out of his litter. And so I have a because you know, cat, so you don't find cats, cats find you, like, I'm like the same opinion, like nobody actually goes to buy a cat like cat, you just see a cat outside one day and then it's your cat. Um But I had a friend of a friend, her cat had a litter and then he was kicked out of the litter, so the other kittens wouldn't let him eat. They were and she was like, I'm gonna have to turn this cat over to the shelter, it shelters full, they're going to euthanize them. Like, I don't know what to do with this kitten. And my friend told me about it, like find your kid, go over him here, give him to me. So I remember he brought him to my workplace because I was working and he showed up with this little bitty orange kitten who when I got into is seven weeks old. So he was like, mostly weaned and his eyes were, and so he was past the formula stage, but he's still really little. Um and so I got him neutered like really quickly because we didn't want to have to have to worry about that too later, but when you do that that early on, it makes it difficult to regulate their weight and they get older. So now how old? So I've had him for six years. Yeah, so
I actually got him this time uh six years ago and he has this little bitty orange kitten, and my boss like fell in love with him too, and she was like, oh, he's a Halloween kitten, let's name him Ichabod, so he's Ichabod, my pumpkin cat. And now as he's gotten bigger he's starting to look like a pumpkin and I'm like oh no what, I gotta do something like he needs to lose weight because he's so you know he has trouble. Uh He's kind he's just a little funny, he likes to eat his feelings Like he has stressed and I have another cat, she's 18 years old. Um She's
a little, Yeah she's 18, I got her when she was six years old. Um So I've had her for 12 years, she was another one, the same friend uh knew somebody who was moving and her fiance didn't like cats. And so she was gonna dump this cab at the humane society like no don't the cat? So I adopted her. She's six, she's this little bitty calico, I love her. Her name is Miss Kitty. Um She's she's more of a roommate than a than a for baby. Like she just, she tolerates me because if you are but she's very sweet. Um but she's never had trouble regulating her food intake. Like I can leave food out all day and she'll eat and she's hungry and what what she's not. But Ichabod man. He uh he just scars and so like, like I don't know what to do because I don't want to take her food away
or
I don't either. I thought about making him go on walks, but I don't know like you'd be that weirdo in the neighborhood with their cat
on the hardest
these exercise.
It does something to the hormones, but it's better than not not fixing them right? Like you don't want a monitor cat up there because that's how you get more kittens that need homes. But but yeah. Gosh, it's hard. I've seen like, I don't know if you've seen them like Reddit or our facebook er into the social media sites. You know like they'll put the cats who have to go through weight loss regimen will make them walk in water and the channel.
I wonder about that because like, you know my cats are like tear us around the house, right? Like would you do it? Well maybe get someone exercise? My little cat would totally do it. Like I know her she's not she doesn't need exercise. She's very way it's no surprise here. Let's show you. But
gosh.
Now where are you geographically
in texas? Okay. I wonder because like out here asylum in Kentucky. Um We have, I don't know if you're humane since I do have like trapping, trapping Neutering programs like they so people will sign up to do it with the humane society, Leave food out and then you trap the cats in a very human way. You take them. They fix them, they notched their ears so that, you know, they've been fixed and then they released them back out in the wild.
But that way to continue.
Yeah. Baby. So hard.
You can.
That's destructive. Listen.
I'm.
Mhm. Oh, but which one is that
ability?
Okay. Shadow impression. So they're ready?
That's a lot. That's Oh that's a big that bill to have to deal with. Have
you
ever thought about just fostering?
Well, I think so. I only know how fostering works when you're working with the humane society. You basically provide a home for the kitten or puppy or whatever the animal is. And um and while you're while you're taking care of it, the agency photos and tries to find it a home so you're just you're just taking care of it. But typically if you're fostering with like the humane society they pay for all the animals bills. So you're not having to worry about that. But you're you're socializing them, right? Um I don't know about Cassidy much socialization because they're kind of solitary creatures but especially with dogs you know they need to get used to people but I guess even a cat needs to get used to like being around people. Um But yeah you just take care of them and but you don't have to worry about paying for all those bills because the humane society or
A. S. P. C. A. Or whatever the organization is, takes care of that so.
it's
so
bad.
What happened?
Yeah. They like the most Hard Places. We have the Ichabod, the Fat one hill. I don't know like if he can find a piece of like like a mattress or a chair, there's a piece of loose fabric, he'll work at loose and get up into the furniture. And so I had a chair we got rid of it but like it was an old beat up chair. And so he had gotten the lighting loose and like climb up into the chair and sleep in there. And I would like wearing myself sex like I've lost my cat. Where is he going to call him? And he wouldn't come like I'm going to do a cat again and he just, you know, he'd wake up and drop out of the chair like he does and he finds the weirdest places to hide. I Yeah, well he'll
he'll get up and like, yeah, closets in the corner so you can't find him. He does that. So I guess he can sleep undisturbed. My other cat. She she doesn't really hide too often. She sure
he likes to attack, he doesn't attack her, but like he's younger and he likes to play and so she has to like barricade herself when she wants to sleep because otherwise, you know, he would jump on her and like her as her, she doesn't hide too badly. Um and you can usually call her and she'll come. But yeah, he gets in the weirdest places, you know, they can fit wherever their heads can fit.
but
good time.
So mean, you know we tried to get you can get them to come out here what we have. No um we
when when we got Ichabod and he was really little little Miss Kitty was already an adult and she terrorized him, like was so mean to him And she's a little tiny cat, like she's £5 on a bad day, she's really little um and she terrorized him as a kid and
and you know, you can't try explaining to her, like he's going to be bigger
than you, you should probably quit that can't do you understand that? And so then now he's like Taking turns paying it back and he's easily, even before he got fat, he was like £19,, he's a huge gap. Um It doesn't matter. I mean he's just big and then now that he's fat, he's probably close to $25. Like he's
he's insane, insanely large cat. Um And so yeah he's the same thing like sit on her, he'll start you know how they come, they're really sweet like he'll live her head and she'll let it happen like no miss kitty, it's a trap who's gonna get to lay on you. Yeah it's fun right? Like you know with having kids you can explain to them like quit terrorizing each other quickly mean to each other and they listen sometimes the cats. Yeah they don't they're like whatever. Just
tell me what?
No
they
don't.
No there's just kept Ichabod will do, he does this and he knows which furniture. So I just got a brand new couch and he'll get mad and he'll look at me and post close and couch and he won't do anything. Like everybody gets closer to the couch And he'll start to help get one important. You don't put it out and he doesn't what he wants attention. So if he's not gotten enough attention he'll start to it's a little bit you don't quit. And then like if I go to grab him so he'll cut it out, he's gone. So they know they know their names, they know what they're doing. They're just
I
don't
care and that's why we love them because jerks, adorable
fucking jerks.
That was precious. She's cute.
I think we have talked to plenty, yep. Sorry we start talking about cats and it's like okay let's let's talk all day about animals.
You too. Oh I didn't get your name. What's your name?
Mr Lawrence.
Please
take it. You too will enjoy your stay. Have fun with your cats
and right have a
good week.