this is something yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah, it's true. Well, Uh huh It's amazing. Okay, how
you can wear
it? I'm good. So
how was your day yesterday go?
that
sounds good. Um Yesterday, what
did I do? I went to the market for a while with my mom morning and then we went, where was it ross for a bit because I need some clothes and then um what else did I do? Then I came home and I just I was with my boyfriend just playing games, so that's basically how it went and then I ended up making this chicken that took a long time to cook. For whatever reason, it's terrible.
like it's fried chicken, but I was trying the recipe
that there was online and it's a whole process where you need buttermilk and I didn't have butter middle, so I had to like you
some substitutes and just put it into like sit for a while in the fridge like a few hours. It was just it was unprocessed. Yeah,
tell
me
you
can.
Oh it was perfect. Like it was worth three for sure.
And yeah,
I know. I was I was ready to cry, I was like I need to eat now. And then yesterday also had a video chat, the same one that we're doing today. And uh it was driving me insane because I got paired up with someone, but I'm not sure if it was my computer or if it was their computer that was messing up. It was the worst like beyond experience that I've had so far because I could not hear them and they kept having to yell at the computer and then 15 minutes in like it just messed up. They didn't see me anymore even though I was there and I could see them and they couldn't care me. So it just all went, oh
no, it was probably like gonna be since they only allowed four times which was in the past, but now they're allowing six so that was probably going to be my fifth time. But now it's my official since it works now, I think it was my freaking computer, I was checking it and my boyfriend's always messing with the sound system for whatever reason. Oh
my God, he's like it's not your fault. Yes, it was my fault back. Could have checked the sound system beforehand.
I don't know because he's always playing games with his friends online and encourage me they've been playing this scary game so I guess he lowered down the sound system however he did it so he wouldn't get jump scares. But it just messed up my video chatting and just like,
Yeah.
And how many kids
you have?
How is
the mother
being,
life?
Mhm,
and
that's
weak.
it
that's just, oh,
I know all
of that. Since I have a little brother and sister, I'm the oldest and they're just crazy basic problem with me.
Um my brother, he's 28, I think he's eight or seven, I forget sometimes I, I don't live with him anymore, so, and then my sister cheese, I believe she's five. Yeah, and the other day she, oh my God, she got on my nerves and she's just five because I wanted to spend time with her. So I told my mom I'm like, hey, let's have a day out. I'm like, I want to see my brother and sister, you know, it's been a while because we live an hour away from each other and I was like, you know, let's let's just take them out and you know, I just want to talk to them and see them purple and she's like, okay. And so I'm talking to my sister and you know, she's asking me questions about my boyfriend, like yeah, yeah, he's fine. He's fine. She's like, just so you know, I'm gonna steal him one day so you can come back home. And
I was like, attitude
in that statement, like it was beyond me. And I told her, what did you say? Like can you repeat that for me? And she's like, I'm going to steal him because you're not home with me. And I was like, oh, okay. So that's how it's gonna be.
No
1
to watch for her, right?
It's a handful. At least it was a few years back. Um I went ahead and moved in with my boyfriend at 18 and now I'm currently 19 and before that it was difficult. Um My parents were going through a rough patch and basically they were both not home. Most of the time my mom had to work, my dad was working, I had to be the mother to them. I How to stop my little childhood like around what was it? 12 I think. And I had to step into the mom mode. So I started, you know, learning how to take care of my brother when he was a baby. And at that time like flu season came in. So I was literally, you know, having to make sure I wasn't like I was being very like hygienic and make sure that I had, you know, not cough even though nobody else could care for him. So, and it was funny because I remember this one time, you know, that the flu hits so bad. I I kept going to throw up and my dad was having the flu too. And he came home from work and he's like, you know, let me go take care of havoc. You know, my brother for a bit and you know, for me to go throw up and then he would take a turn throwing up. So it was it was tough. It was hard. But then by the time my sister, you know, was born, I had a little bit more freedom I guess because my mom stopped working and then I still had to take care of them because they still had to go do stuff, but it was tough because my brother's autistic and I don't really know the protocols for that. Um, and he does have a lot of behavioral issues because it's connected with the autism. Um, my sister, she's, she's gotten to be a little devil. She used to be such an angel. But so yeah, it's hard being the older one.
definitely. Because it's like at the team, we might think about it and I know like it's going to be different because, I mean, it's like how you saw your parents, right? You saw them, they raise you another way and you saw different ways you want to raise your kids. I think that's what everybody does. They have their own like new perspectives. Like I'm going to raise my child this way, you know, because my parents did this and this and this. So for me that's, that's how I'm seeing. I'm seeing it as a learning experience and to make sure, you know, there's certain things I raised my child with, but I'm really not going to be a mom for a while.
Well,
Yeah. That's the thing, like I grew up with that mentality already like To not have kids for a good while, because I found out a while back that my mom had me at 15, my dad was 16 and I was like, oh my God, like that's crazy. And my family has had a history of having kids like at a really, really early age 15, 16, 17. And I was just like, a lot of them never got to finish school and they had to finish online and I was like, I don't want to be like that, like I'm not trying to say is wrong, but I don't want to be like that, I want to be different, I want to be mentally ready, mentally prepared because they weren't and I want to just be very stable, which is, you know, like everything stable. So yeah, I grew up with that mentality because apparently from what I hear, I was a real, a real chill baby, I wasn't, it wasn't crazy and I was like, what happened with my brother and sister then? You know,
They were surprises when I tell you surprises, surprises. I mean surprises because my mom had been taking birth control at the time and she was still pregnant And we do not know
until she was seven months.
Yeah, she was like, I'm gaining too much weight. I need to go to the doctor, she's like, something's wrong with me and I'm like, okay. And then she came home with the news that, you know, there's a boy inside of her And I was like, Okay. But I started thinking I'm like, it's not healthy, you know, for her to have been taking birth control even though I was 12. And like something's not right here. I'm like, she's been taking measures even though while you know, she's pregnant, I'm like, something's wrong. And so he came out, we thought nothing was wrong, we thought he was fine. But then eventually when he was, you know, 5, 6 months, we started figuring out because he wouldn't look us directly in the eye. He would look up at the ceiling a lot and he started having speech problems. So it was tough and with my sister, she was a surprise to that's the same and it was just crazy. Yeah.
well.
Mhm.
Yeah.
good.
Yeah. No, I don't know, like right now I'm a mother of three cats and that's a lot of responsibility as it.
No, I don't know if you saw mine earlier, but he was right here. He his name, uh Tigger and basically he, I rescued all three of them. I don't like shopping for babies because there's out there, you know, some that need to be rescued and definitely at least a person, you know, go through a few times in their life when an animal needs them. So I waited for my times and last year exactly on christmas christmas day. Um he was just roaming around and he found me and he just, he saw me and I looked at him, he looked well fed. So I was like, let's go see your owners are apparently nobody knew anything about him. So I took him home And then I already had two girls and that one's name is precious And then the other one is shadow. And basically with precious, what happened was I saw an ad on craigslist, basically the story on the description was her mother got run over and she had babies, you know that we're just days old and these people were bottle feeding them with formulas and stuff and it just, it wasn't working because that person that was taking care of her had work and I was like, okay, this is my chance. So I took her to and I raised her from a baby and it was, it was a lot because it's like the same thing as having a regular baby. She was peeing the bed, she needed to be taught to use the litter box and her eyes had just barely open. So it was a lot of stuff with her, especially because she was the tiniest thing that I raised and then after her, a few months later I was, what was I doing? I was going to apartments with my mother in law. I thought I call her my mother in law even though we're not technically married, me and my boyfriend, but me and her, we're going to visit her mom and at the apartments I saw this poor little thing just on the floor and her I was bleeding and it looks like people have been leaving tacos for her on the floor and it made me just so mad because her mom had told me that the people that were raising her, they leave her outside, but whenever they wanted to play with her, they would bring her in and most of the time she would be thrown out when she was just injured. So I was like, I don't care if she belongs to people, like if she's outside, it's free range, so I'm like let's take her home. So that's the story of how I ended up with three tabs.
it's been a good year with them. Like I'm scared because the boy is overweight and he has a little bit of breathing problems.
There.
18.
That's the
same problem I'm having with Tigger. I'm like, what do I do? I'm like, I don't want to put them on the diet and like it's tough for us as enough for people for us to go on a diet. I'm like, why would I want to do that to him? And I'm like, I don't know what to do with him.
I
called him up.
I don't know, I'm scared for him because only because like when he sleeps, he snores like a person, I'm like, oh God, I'm like, it's getting worse. I'm like, it's because we also spayed or neutered, I'm not sure what the term is, but we did that to him and ever since then he got really big and I didn't know it does that to them. I was like wow two.
I think I've seen those videos before and I've also seen like what they have like a hamster wheel I think for the I thought about getting that for my my boy but I doubt he would use it. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. And I was scared because there was another thing um my mother in law, she's a cat lady herself like a major one basically her neighborhood is full of cats that basically everybody leaves their cats just running around free range and nobody you know feeds them at least as far as I know. And she what she does is once a week she gets a big bag of cat food at least like 12 or £15 worth. And then she feeds them you know throughout three times a day as far as I know And then her husband buys the wet food while she buys the dry food And her daughter will go out the first round at six to go ahead and feed them and the next is like 5:00 and the next is whenever her husband comes home Which is nine I think. And they have so many and they just keep breeding and breeding uh A lot there's at least 123-456-6 cats and then two of the girls had babies. So it's a literally
from each it's a lot
texas.
where
I've heard I've heard of that I think there's very little of that. I wish they would do more of that but they don't and most of the time they just take them to the pounds and you know what they do at the pound. So
yeah so it's it's very different from the places I've I've seen like a lot of places that we go through the length of wanting to go ahead and prevent you know all this. But over here there's just so many too many over breed cats with no homes and crazy tiger coming
in precious. Oh she's coming this way, you can see her.
Hi my mama right now they're being crack kids, they're just running and I hate how they stopped because it's an apartment and I'm scared that the neighbors downstairs hear them all the
time. I don't know if you uh
this one shadow over here and that one
over there with white, her name is precious.
But yeah, I get scared I have to adopt another one soon because when those cats had letters of cats um basically one of them got sick and my mother in law, she's like, hey, you know, I'm gonna need to take this one to animal hospital and after it's done, do you want it? And I'm like, I don't know if I can handle all floors. They're, you know, they're all within a their own age, they're more a year so that's good for them. But if it's a baby, I'm scared and they're all gonna bully it. So I told I'm like, well I'm like maybe I can afford another one. And then she's like, yeah, but it's also going to come with the hospital bill and the hospital bill was going to 2000. And I was like, And I'm in the process of getting a house so I can't do 2000. Yeah.
It's
just,
what what do you do with fostering? I don't know the process of fostering.
Maybe.
I think the problem with that is that I have really really bad attachment issues. I would get
to
attack
and I would just cry whenever they have to go. My my boyfriend's also a big cat person. He's, I didn't, I didn't think he would be because he's allergic to them, but he's a really big cat person, animal person in general. And right now that we're getting our house, we're worried we're like it's a it's a big house were like how are we going to do it? Because they're used to this small, spacious apartment but this is gonna be a lot more room for them. And we're just like or in general I guess how it's going to be for them because I lose them even in this tiny apartment. I lose them. They will sometimes they open doors on their own. I don't know how, but they open doors and I will find that one of them is in the bathroom door and
I'll find one of them in a random closet. Sometimes they want to be in the washer, sometimes they want to be in the kitchen drawers and it I get I don't know if your cat type, I don't know if they do that too. Okay.
what?
Yeah.
That's that's scary though because one time I got really like I started crying I had a breakdown because one of them is a little bit more feral than the others I think because of its yeah it's shadow she was she's more feral because of I think all the injuries she had and she's just scared of people in general. She it took a long time for her to even give me a little bit of trust. She barely tolerates me. But I found her
because we have this like uh it's kind of like a bed, but it's kind of like a couch. I don't know how you call it, it's one of those adjustable.
I think so, and we it's kind of broken, so right now we leave it like, and it's just like laying flat and have a blanket that they dragged under there for whatever reason. And it's dark, it's just a dark little hole, you know underneath. And I would having a mental breakdown. I was crying. I was like, how the heck did she get out? I'm like, I have not opened the door once to outside. I'm like, and there's no way I'm gonna find her because it's a it's a lot of apartments around here and I see her come out of the fricking dark hole and I was like I wasn't even scolding her anything. I was like just don't do that again. People there all the time now like that's her hiding spot because Tigger does not leave her alone. He said to fat ass on top of her. Yeah.
well
come on.
Good.
mary
It's
crazy like sometimes I don't think they listen to us like have you ever like called them and they're just looking at you like and they won't move and it's confusing. It's like do you know what your name is? Do you know the name I gave you
and
I
scared I guess here they have amnesia or something.
They just don't care. They
don't
care.
Come
look at her.
This one shadow over there. They're chasing after each other. That's why she's coming over here to look at me. Yeah. Shit I forgot the time. Let me check how we how we talk time.
I'm the same way. Well it was nice meeting you
Samantha. What's your name?
It was nice
meeting.
you too.
Yeah.
You too.