Hello?
How did it
go in
when my name is? Karen? What's yours?
Jimmy.
Jacob
with us. Uh huh.
It's Kimberly
that I didn't feel better. I don't know.
I think
that's a common
name so. Yeah yeah
Mhm. Youtube?
I don't
know if they're using
I don't think they use anything else as I know so yeah
Um I think three or 4 months something like that. It's been pretty good. Or maybe longer
than
that.
five.
No but
I definitely when I see the higher pain so if I think I go for that even if it takes longer
Yeah I know like if you're like on it like from the morning and then you just have the like I can tell you when studies are there oh my gosh you make so much money.
There is a uh a browser extension thing you let me see if I can get the name of it. Yeah I looked it up. It's called prolific assistant,
definitely.
It might be I'm on google chrome
please.
I don't know if it would work on your phone because I have an iphone I don't think I can do that kind of thing that Androids can. So I don't know if you have an android in room so
yours can probably do more than my can. So you can probably like add the extension on there and if you keep
it open it would alert you basically.
So even if you just do that, like you just add the extension on google chrome that'll probably work. So that's what I
would do. Yeah
it's
pretty great.
You can have it like ping basically it pings and then it comes up with like a little thing that tells you the time the I think money per hour. So not exactly the money for the study I think and how many places are left and if you click on it it literally goes right to the study and already saved you a spot.
Oh my gosh it's so great. So I imagine and I've seen some things where it's like there's one person or two people that can go in it and having that will give you an edge for sure. So.
you
Oh I used to live there briefly,
it's
kind
of I was there during my teenage years, not fun. I moved from California which is where I'm at now to indiana and then
good
idea.
I don't really
like California personally I'd like to do something similar which is buy some land and have like a farm raised family that's what I think that's like a dream for some people and it's definitely
mine.
I think I know
it,
the conveniences can't
read that.
If you want to do anything I want to, cities are nice. Yeah
from
go karting like yeah, literally anyway,
nothing right now, but I think I might be taking care of my grandmother, she's got Alzheimer's, so when she starts getting bad enough it seems like that might fall on me because I'm like the only one that I'm like I take care of the little things in the house, like my nephew, I watch him because my sister runs her own store and like I basically they'll call me okay, I need you to do this at home and I'm like okay I'll do that, you know what I mean? I'm kind of just like the that kid
jeez,
I'm
sorry.
Yeah, but she's not recognizing people,
thanks.
Happy rough. Mhm.
I know,
I know that having, especially I can't imagine like your mom having to be the caretaker either because it's both emotional and like, like
how do you contain your emotion while also trying to be like civil and kind, you know what I mean? While you're like freaking out because you're like, that's my family doesn't recognize me. Like it's crazy.
They
basically revert to Children.
I mean, people live in heaven for sure. Yeah. Because I do.
You get paid to for that.
Okay. An apprenticeship?
That's pretty cool.
Four.
No, no way to go up. Kind of.
is honestly like, I think that's mostly the way people get jobs actually. It's like, you know, a friend who already works somewhere or, you know, it's a family member or something.
I think we like people kind of ignore that a lot because there are people that probably don't like there are some people that don't have any connections whatsoever and just can't get a job. Uh huh.
What?
Yeah. Button What?
like
they
still
do it, It's
too
That's strange. Yeah.
Uh
You're like
well
I've never been in that situation but you know if I was and then you just make
bold basically.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I think you can probably tell yeah
yeah I play video games um I run DND games at a local game store, a DND games dungeons and dragons.
So
I like
I would say
probably
look for a game store, like in person that sells like them because they usually have space to play. Um I can't vouch for the goodness of these stores to be fair because everyone
is different and like if you have somebody who's running the game for you that sucks. Your experience is going to suck, you know what I mean? But if you go into it without expectation, you're there to like mess around just like playing a story. Like I think you have a good time, basically just find a person that runs it or try and
run it yourself, which is basically like yeah, you can get the books, you know, the very basic book, the GM Guide and a player book, and you can basically start playing with any number of friends you wanted based on just those two things, because everything is
imagination.
So um
literally anything like that's uh there's no like winning I guess so to speak, it's like telling a story. So you could have a game that lasts one session which is like the time you sit down and make the time for it. So it would be like three hours,
it could be that like somebody's something generic, right? So some villain is doing something terrible and it's going to destroy the world, so everybody has to go and defeat the villain and then wow stories over right, It could be that short or it could
be
like, so you start off in like a tavern and like basically um you can
do anything
in this world, it's all based on um like dicey role and you're like your stats,
which would be like you played RPGS, right? So it would have the similar stats, strength dexterity, um charisma, like all those kind of stats are, basically how capable your character is in those things. So when you roll, you add some pluses based on those stats and that's your ability to do the things that you want to do. So if you go, if I say so you you walk into a tavern and you see a bunch of people there or
whatever,
you could be like, okay, I want to talk to one of those people, and I could be like, okay, so you go up and talk to one of the people, you know, it's it's a barmaid or whatever, right? She's got blonde hair or whatever, I just described the scene and you go, okay, I want to order a drink and you could do that, but then when, when it comes to something that requires some sort of skill, it's not like something that would be like normal, um Like a normal in action. Like if they are willing to do it, they're gonna do it. There's no rolling involved. But if you're like, I'm gonna punch this guy next to me. I'm like, I mean, okay, okay. Roll your strength or whatever, right? So you'd
roll it and if
you got that high enough essentially it, I'd be like, okay. So yeah, you sock the guy in the face and he falls on the ground, all his teeth fall out. You know, it's bloody mess on the floor and the barmaid screens for you to get out. You know like there's consequences
to the actions that you do. It's pretty cool. It's like playing a video game like RPG but a lot more freedom if you have a really good gm. That's
the other thing. Yeah.
Um It's a tabletop game and all that. You technically I can actually show you if you want. I think I have yeah I got a whole I've like left it in here, it's been like sitting here
for ages. But yeah technically you only need the players handbook well and the dungeon master's guide used
to I don't know. Yeah
technically that's all you need. The Dungeon master's guide would be for the person that's running it. Um This oh
sorry this is kind of important. It has
I'll show you all that does is it has like flash stats for creatures
so like I don't have a picture maybe and then it will have like a block of stats and so it will help you be able to like play that um monster for them when they're fighting it or something like that though technically you could just make up stats on your own so it's not super necessary. Um But yeah, so then this would help you with setting, this would help you with rules like how people fight and stuff and players handbook would be like how players make a character
rules for players to understand as well, so you would probably be referencing this a lot. Um There'll be classes
in it, there'll be races in it, very standard stuff, of course
there are companies so they need to make money, so they do make more books
but
I would I would just suggest getting
these three if you wanted to play and there are
miniatures
and
things, it's like a complete hobby, like I paint some, so
there would be like there's paint sets and miniatures to buy.
Oh no. Yeah they do, there are things
like technically you could run it without any need for anything but theater of the
mind,
but
people do have and I know exactly what you're talking about, it's like a grid. Mhm. I did buy some like map things that they're in here. Oh my gosh, are they there you are? They have like tactical maps? So it would be like a grid system and like they'd have like So each grid would be like five ft and you place like little um either tokens or miniatures whatever you want it in place of players, so they know where they are and then where the monsters are. So then it can be tactical so it can be anything from strategic to just
like super story related. Like you could have a game where you're fighting
things or you can have a game where it's literally politics in the palace and maybe somebody punched somebody one time, like it's crazy so it's got a lot of room for creativity for sure. Mhm.
I'm
if you're not too shy, I would say um definitely
go in
and like say that you're new, you want to get into it, you could bring, you can bring your girlfriend, you could bring your friends,
you could just be like, you know what, I
want to watch somebody play and you could ask them basically, Hey, is it all right if we watch you guys play and just watch it happen and that will also give you a pretty good
idea. Yeah, like they're usually incredibly friendly, like just because, you know, it's a bunch of nerds playing, you know,
my tabletop games,
you know, so
you could play
morning.
Alright, tabletop simulator, look it, look it up, you can
play,
that's great. Um It's a great game for literally any board game you can pretty much think of because in the workshop of Steam
for that game they have um tons of board games, like they have life, they got,
you know, they've got like, yeah,
they've
got
a lot of stuff.
I always add thanks to Wish list before I buy them too.
that's what I do. Every time I'm like I'd buy this, but only if it's on sale, that's my favorite thing, I'm like okay, I'll wait.
And I was telling my friend, I'm like, I'm gonna get you tabletop simulator went on sale. It was like there was a huge uh it was like a tabletop game sale or something, It went on sale for 10 bucks. I was like what? I'm like this is a steel, so you could play basic games like chess, um you know,
chinese
checkers or anything? Yeah when it's on sale it's 50% off though. So if you want to have that your wishes, you can also play Dnd on there. They actually have dungeon tiles. You can place them together and make like a scene and they have monsters on there. Yeah so you could do the theater of the mind thing but also
You
can
you can
play
with sprinklers
or
Friends.
Yeah you can do both. They basically you create a room. I usually put it to friends only because I don't know I don't know random people in there. I can't even talk to So you can have up to 10 friends in there I believe. So you can have 10
friends for a game night in there basically. Which is pretty awesome.
Especially if they
oh that's the president.
Old scoring old
school or new
play the new one because I couldn't bring myself to start over again.
it's great for homework and things like that for sure. Yeah.
it feels
like you're getting two things done at the same time. Yeah,
I feel I feel that Yeah, I've been playing games since I was I was like six, so. Yeah.
Well, I mean, I know I never played it myself, but yeah. Yeah,
my parents didn't buy a dedicated like game systems until I think like a christmas when I was like 10 maybe we'll. So I didn't really play anything. I played like I think I played game cube, I played um Xbox xbox 3 60. And then I stopped getting consoles. After that we didn't get a we
actually
and then I did get a switch. Okay, so I lied but switch I bought myself later on in life like a year or two ago so
but yeah.
yeah it's something that I think is really probably the future like for more family, like oriented gaming or like you're bringing into your friend's house because we played Jack box um party packs and those are so nice
for friends who don't play video games because they can play on their phone, so I love that aspect of it. Um Yeah so
trying to think of other things but yeah, tabletop Simulator is great, trying to think of other things to recommend, there's something really good that I really like is called boundless which is like an MMO if you ever play Minecraft, it's similar but it's like our version of Minecraft.
Yeah, boundless, it's also on PlayStation four and
it has
crossplay, it is usually really expensive. I bought it for 20 it's on G. Two A. For two because it wasn't humble bundle at one point,
yep. I would
not.
I don't think balances on there though but like I said if you wanted to G. Two A. For two bucks because they were in humble bundle choice so people were choosing them and then selling them on to
So G two is kind of, I would limit purchases on it just because it's sort of shady but like um for something like boundless because I know that it came from humble bundle, these people are selling it because they've got it for free essentially but we didn't want to play it basically. Um
So
they sell keys and stuff usually like I guess some people might buy them during sale prices and then sell them for about where they were at like, but a little bit more so you can get discount like keys on there. But again, like I said, use at your own discretion, they have kind of like a weird shady background. People were saying that like, oh, credit card, not on that website, but people were who were stealing credit cards were selling keys on there. Yeah,
and things like that, but it still operates. So I find that really, I don't know if it's credible or not necessarily, but I buy things on their only through like super
low price.
Yeah, that's super expensive and they're
super
low price, but it's an option. And then yeah, I would buy my friends on that. Like the I bought that game so many times because it's my favorite,
Yep, it was 10. Yeah. Does that make sense?
I'm giving you so many researches. Hilarious. I'm just like, this is
all my knowledge. Oh.
versus
the controller.
Oh, I think
I've heard
of it, I don't think it's late.
It takes some time. I know that it is such a transition when you're like used to using like your thumbs for everything, and then all of a sudden you're using like rolling.
I haven't played,
but
I know what it is, for sure.
there's so many great games, man. I like
sometimes I I have half a mind to like, I'm like, I need to like compile all this information I keep gathering in one place, but I'm way too lazy to do that because I feel like there's so much out there, I call instantly and checking like, okay, let me look at these games, nothing looks good.
And then like, when I find a good deal, I'm like, guys, here's a good deal. So I like, I don't know. I'm like really into games, I might as well be like a video games journalist.
Yeah. It depends if you're willing to, to like, because it depends on what you think of journalism. Because I think that some of them take basically bribes. It's like we're paying you to review. You don't review well we won't have your review again, kind of thing. So the integrity of that is kind of shot. So Yeah.
No. Yeah. Okay. I do have another thing though. Yeah. But I don't want to make you lose like lose it forever. Whatever you're thinking
of.
Rule 20
if you want
to play
Road 20.net is um,
for tabletop games, you can start them with your friends. It's free. Um, they have stuff
you can purchase on there. I never have you don't need to but um that's where you could also technically find internet people to play games with. But I highly recommend doing it in person before you find people online to play with because then
you'll know what to expect kind of because some gems are just going to suck. Uh huh.
Some
sorry, Gay Masters. Gm Yeah, some
of the people that run the game suck. Yeah, like whether it's because their style is different than what you're you're expecting or preferring like people, some people prioritize adventuring, some people prioritize combat, you know some people prioritize story and some all of them and you might find one that is super boring, you can only do the story, your character is not allowed to do anything and you're like why am I even playing this?
That's
Yeah, good one.
jeez.
So it just sounds like he's a big shot,
he's like in the community I guess. Yeah.
I think it'll be a much different experience considering you have like physical dice and like a physical paper versus what they have on there, but you're,
you're right, that would probably ease you into at least like learning, learning how
to
do
it.
Oh yeah, go to the forms, go to like find a group and just be like completely new to tabletop games. Um I remember, I don't know what your friend does but I imagine he does the newest DND which is DND fifth edition. So make sure you specify that because the other editions will not make sense from like to transition from the older ones to the newer one. Yeah, that's important. So five e Or 5th edition by the way. Yeah. Sam Mhm
Yeah. Yeah, I think we're time. Mhm. You have anything Yeah,
that was
fun.
prolific assistant dungeons and dragons, whatever else we talked about.
Yeah, I've talked to other people and actually I've had some interesting conversations, but I do talk a lot.
No. Yeah.
Yeah.
press the arrow?
They
did
have
like, they should have another link that says
like
oh did you accidentally close it? That still works? I believe if you
gadget.
think it happens a lot because like
it is like I did that having read
everything
it
and it's like you're like oh my gosh, I'm so stupid. Yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.
I managed to
I think
go back but like used the link that I saw because I didn't go any further than something after that and it had that there. But I don't know if they have that anymore else. Long time ago. So
in some
sense
it's a check. I tend to check. But but yeah, your condition to press it. So I know what you mean. The accident. You're like, really?
This is a trick. Oh yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I think we can be in, I think six or seven now they upped it by one. They said like we could be in five or six of these. Um So I did two others before this and that counts complete conversations. Not like you're going to the thing and no shows I've
had
like,
And
if,
if there's no show, it's like a dollar 50 something like that. So,
but hey, only five minutes. You only wait five minutes. I just freed
a book when I do that. I'm like, hey, somebody's gonna show they're not, you know? And so yeah, so it really turns out pretty well. Yeah. So
yeah, I mean, yeah. And you don't
even have to answer follow up for that like this, we're gonna have to answer follow up. So, so if you
have every time time, we probably should go, yeah. Yeah,
I'll play games with
you. Let's see. Or if you need any help with anything.
Do you know your name is? Yeah.
Tell me what that is.
Uh huh. Or nine
marksman. That's you there. Um Wolf Maiden. Yeah.
Yeah. Um I run some things. Maybe I can run you through a um campaign or
something because I know I have one friend who wanted to play. So and I only have one friend who wants to play online, I'm going to play in person on friday
or not play, I guess we're going to set it up so
we could always play something like that. I've got tons of games on here and if you ever need any help with anything you can ask me. Mhm,
Yeah, they come,
Simulator, yeah and you can play, like I said
pretty much any
game on there, it's pretty fun.
and
it's
D. And D. Um yes,
sort of that makes sense.
I never tried
to play D. And D on there though, I thought it might be like an interesting idea, but I know they have like already without you downloading the free stuff on the workshop in that thing, which is where you would get the free games. Um It's um it already has dungeon tiles which are like floor pieces but they're the little grid spaces so you would know where to place things, you can connect all those together. And then they have
the little miniatures. So like a big old dragon or like a little Giant or something like that. Um So they have the tools for it but I don't know if they have other than like they have tables and I think character sheets that you pull out um
and dice
so yes.
Am I selling
you? Oh.
yeah I mean like it's funny because there's also some interesting things in there, there's like a virtual tablet right? But the tablet actually goes on the Internet so you could have a group of 10 people watching a stupid little tablet in this stupid little kid.
with what? Like the tool? Gotcha. I never played it although I have it.
with you too, yep. And you can reach out whatever. Yeah. Um Have a good night I guess.
bye.