I
Good,
how are you?
What's your name,
kimmy. I'm Jacob,
it's my girlfriend's name. That's weird. Okay.
Oh, that's
strange.
Yeah, that's that's actually Kimberly that we, you know, caller can
we
did?
I'm guessing your hair through prolific. Yeah.
Well, yeah,
it's
cool do it.
it's a pretty cool website. How long have you been doing?
What do
you
do you do
it like full time or
is it?
Well, hell I've only been doing it for Since like August and I brought home probably about $400 doing it.
but you can do that. You can have it, tell you when.
All right. Is
that on Firefox? I'm guessing. All right.
All right. We'll
see. That's what I put Chrome on my phone and um I use Firefox on my phone as well. I use chrome specifically for prolific. So like, it's kind of like I have a prolific app, like I just click chrome and then the website pops up and I refresh it.
So
baby.
And
That's
I have had my desktop to that. I used my girlfriend does the prolific stuff too, so I don't know, I'll look for that extension and see and
the people
that are.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah. So you live in the States or Oh,
that's cool. Yeah, we live in indiana.
Yeah, it's all right here,
I don't
know.
Things change. Yes. I'd like to get some property in like Montana or something that way I can like whenever I want to take like a vacation or something, I can just go there to my own spot,
you
know, camp or whatever for a while and then come back home. Yeah
huh
well
that's what, I don't know, we're gonna be looking for a place soon right now, we live in bloomington, it's like a college town
and uh
yeah, it's like south of Indy about an hour. Yeah, but yeah, we're going to move out like someone in the country like outside of Bloomington because I, I do like city, you know city life?
well, I mean
if I'm just like, oh I wanna CPU like I can go to best buy and buy that, you know what I mean? Or I can go whatever and the work, like I got a lot of work around here so what?
well
pre
but so what you do for work?
yeah, I'm sorry to hear that my grandma just passed from Alzheimer's in december
last year, so almost a year
ago.
Yeah, it's time though, I mean it got pretty rough.
she hadn't recognized people and couple of years
it got it got real bad and the last like two months I didn't even go around like her, I couldn't do it. My mom was her caretaker
it's
pretty rough.
louis
yeah, on top of it, she like would be really mean sometimes and she was never like that before, so like, you know, mom would go over there and she'd be like cursing at her and throwing stuff or like get mad and throw our food on the floor, you
know?
Oh yeah, yeah, but I don't know, she uh like I said she's better off, like it sounds really bad to say it that way, but yeah
and yeah, but yeah, I'm uh right now I'm going to school. I'm in a union, the electrical union, so I'm gonna prove this. And I got like 2.5 years left.
it's um
when you call them, it's like blended learning. So you get like, you have to get classroom hours and work hours in order to become like a journeymen. Yeah. And then, you know, every year that you advance like in the apprenticeship you get a raise and I don't know, kind of like seniority over other people back.
Yeah. I love it. I went from like factory job
from factory job to like trade jobs and stuff and like nothing. I wasn't making any money anywhere. Tree trimming was the worst,
right? And you go up, you know, you gotta be there 100 years and you gotta know somebody and I don't know, you know like game. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy.
That's how my field is too. Like if you know somebody or somebody, you know like whatever,
if you're related or friends with them, you kind of get an edge on everybody else. And
it's weird because it's looked down upon, which is strange. Like a lot of people will look down on people who got into the trade with family or friends. But the like trend continues. You see what I'm saying? Like
they
can
take you,
you
know, whenever, whenever you get like get into the trade, it's not just like you go in and have an interview, you have to like take a test so you have to be, you know, competent to do it and then you have a board interview. So you have an interview with six different people they don't want and you know, so you gotta have six people that want you instead of just one. I don't know.
Yeah.
The weirdest part about it is when like they don't ask normal questions, they ask situational questions so they're like okay like name a time that you like didn't have a tool for the job and you had like copper wire and like what you would do with that wire to perform your task and you're just Yeah but
I want
you.
Pretty much.
Yeah. I I interviewed twice because the first time I was so nervous I like I bombed it. So I did pretty good at the beginning. And then if they asked me name and time you You had a project like a group project with two or more people, I was like okay that's easy you know? And I answer it and then the very next person said, name of time you had a group project with three or more people and it just threw me off, like, I was not expecting to have like the same question back to back and uh yeah, they like stumped me and I was stuttering, I couldn't figure it out. Finally, one of the guys was like, you know, it could be like a group project when you were in school or something, like a class presentation, and I was like, yep, that's what it was, a class presentation. Sure,
let's move on from this question. Uh huh. Both,
so do you have any hobbies? Are you a gamer? Oh yeah,
that's what Yeah,
I've
always
wanted to pretend that and I've never like, I don't know what to do, so I've never,
I would
say.
everyone
Which
summary.
So what what's the purpose of the game like I mean like what's what do you do?
Okay.
Three hours.
We're
ready.
What
do you do that?
Nothing.
Tell
me. Okay.
What?
Hey
What?
So,
So what you just need to buy like the cards are suckers at a table.
All
That's
it. Yeah.
This
But mm
So
Take care for
Class.
Of course
my mom,
but
71
There
are
finished.
39.
See like any time I had seen it played, I thought it was like a I thought there was like a board game and
there.
But
he heard the line
but
Justice.
It's
I've seen like stuff on facebook where people like host those games at the local game shop and you know, I had no idea what the hell was going on. So I just stayed away from it. Um
I'm sure
definitely
going
For you
are
all
You know.
Today.
Just see I just built a PC not too long ago and because I always had like console games. I I sold a huge collection. I have like Sagan and all the like all the old school and tin does all that like play station in the area and uh man that took up a lot of space. I got a lot, so I sold all that stuff and um I just boss stuff for the pc and
I
just recently I downloaded like all those emulators and stuff, you know that was free. But yeah, I downloaded Steam. I've been doing that a lot here lately
I've
seen on there.
mullah breath
manner.
see,
I didn't
know
it's in my wish list but I just kind of clicked on it, you know I mean? Uh
Yeah. Yeah. Well see I did that the other day. I've been wanting to play Sim City the other day. I just thought about like when I was a kid, I used to play some City and uh I don't know, I was thinking about it and I looked it up and They had simcity four deluxe on here and it was like 20 or $30. I don't remember what it was. And I put it on my wish list and I was like man that's cool. You know I'm gonna buy that down the road or whatever The next day it went on sale for like 399. Yes.
Please.
Yes. It's only
$20.
Three If you play on their, do you play with other people? Like can you play
with
live? Okay. That's cool.
I
figured
you could
with
like your friends and stuff but I didn't know if we could with strangers too.
Let's move.
I
don't have I don't have a whole lot of friends that play games. I
I know like I only have four friends on here but I've played a lot of room escape because it it doesn't really require friends.
Do you like
Both. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah the old school one. I don't know it's pretty cool. I do I don't know I guess it's just like laziness. You know how like if you're mining on the old school and like every single time you have to click it? Yeah well like anytime you did anything on the new one on the new one you can just click it and it does it until your backpack school and that's
That's what I like if we're in class and I'm supposed to be doing homework that's typically what I do is play that. Well
I mean.
Exactly.
I don't remember like when I first started but I know that I was playing like super Mario and palm. Remember we have like the the two little Joyce that you know I'm talking about. You ever played that?
It's so much it was so much fun.
Thank
you.
No.
Yeah they're pretty cool. I like how you can you like doc them and then just take them with you. Uh That's pretty cool technology.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
boundless.
Here
is
All right, that's $40 on steam.
But
I've noticed I have epic games as well and I've noticed sometimes if you like go between the two you'll get like really good deals on one and the other one will kind of you know, stick it to.
Oh G. two A. I've never even heard of that.
what is G. two a. Like I'm on the website now, do they just
sound like?
Yeah.
Super
expensive.
Super
cheap.
Yeah. Here's tabletop simulator for 11 bucks.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. I'll check that out. I'll keep that in mind.
What?
Right. Yeah, this is I said this is all new to me, like the computer gaming and stuff and I've learned that I really suck at shooter games. Like I was
playing son, what's
that name called? It was uh I can't remember Rising Storm or something.
And
Mayor,
it's on the Epic, Epic Games is for free. So I was like whatever and it's pretty cool game, but I suck at it. I was just, I heard it. Oh.
Mhm. Yeah. Well, I mean it's pretty cool that you can like hook your control room for some games. Like uh I bought Fall Guys a few flights.
Thank
you.
It's pretty fun. I was surprised I was at my buddy's house and I was like, man, come on, were you playing then? Uh he was like come on give it a shot and I played it like came home and immediately bought it was addicted to it. Uh huh.
One,
What?
there's a lot of money in it.
So I'm going to ask you something. I just lost it.
I've already
lost it. Yeah
roll
to
one
four
interested.
good.
somewhat
we're gonna sit.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm gonna shit, I'm actually probably rather do that at first that way I can see if I'm into it or not. One of my, like my son's best friend, his dad is like a huge uh like he hosts all kinds of stuff like that. He collects like uh huh It's crazy like
the Stephanie has. Yeah, but uh but he hosts like a dnd parties all the time. He
actually has like a Patreon, all this stuff that he does do. I forgot about that
please.
It's not, I don't know. Yeah,
yeah. He's he's trying to do something with it. He had like a review, like a gaming review side or something like that. He was telling me about it and I can't remember what all he's done, but, but I'd be cool to like learn how to do it and you know, go over there and whenever I take him over to hang out, maybe a play or something, you know?
When
I
won't
feel
like a complete idiot whenever I show up, I'll have like some sort of knowledge of what's about to have, like go down.
Well
yeah, it was nice chatting with you and everything,
kind
of a bit learning about, Right?
yeah, I'm glad that this wasn't as boring as I thought it was gonna be out. Like I was real nervous, Sounds like man, I'm gonna meet like some super dry person or discussed city Staring like each other screen for 25 minutes,
So this isn't the first one of these you've done?
Really?
Yeah, they see last week on thursday I got I think it was my first video chat like link I was sent and I am I opened up the page I answered the questions or whatever and then it sent me to that like pre chat page you go to, you know what I mean? And down at the bottom it's just click here to open a new link or whatever, and then down at the very bottom there's an arrow and
I click the arrow. So it was like great, how was the chat? And I was like, are you kidding me? So I'm sure you know what this is? Like I tried to back out and it wasn't doing anything, so I like close it down and open the link back up and it would send me right back to that page. I was like, oh my God.
So
I sent
them
that's it
money.
I never saw that, but I sent them
a message and was and told him what happened and this girl wrote back and she was like, oh it's okay. Like I'm so sorry that happened to you. Like we'll send you, I'll send you another link right now and you can redo it. Yeah,
it's
actually
that's what I get to. I
read everything to
what's
he doing
this?
Yeah. I was very misleading to put the arrow there, you know, they
could
have.
Okay.
So
is
it is it $14 for everyone? And
I
get,
that was so
why?
I guess the dollar 50 for five minutes isn't bad.
Me
please.
Well, do you want to add me on steam? Yeah.
Boys.
I'm not very good at this at the okay.
here I have my, my friend code. Hi.
Okay. It's 10 8649
1607.
that's an old name I've just stuck with. Yeah.
Kennedy.
All
All
Uh You spelled with an E. Huh? She spells it with A. Y. That's there is
yeah. Yeah I'll check out the tabletop.
that's
true.
Mhm. That's not bad. I mean if you think about it $20 you know if I were to buy all of these games. Yeah
I was D.
N. D. On them.
Yes.
Nothing. Mhm.
I.
What?
I'm
probably
gonna buy this tonight
just,
well I'm sitting here watching the video as you're talking about it and it's just like give me all pumped up.
Yeah it reminds me of like uh that like G. Mod. Or some. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. I I haven't played it very much, but my roommate I bought it for him and he he did some crazy stuff on the and hilarious. But yeah, well it was nice chatting with me. I'm gonna hop off here. But
You too? All