How are you?
Good. This is like my fourth time trying this. So I'm glad somebody's actually finally
the first time I was all for her and excited. I'm like, yeah, ok. Then I'm like sitting here going, nobody's here.
I'm Juliet. It's nice to meet you.
I think we're just going to talk about whatever we want to talk about. That's I think that's what it said,
I don't even think about that. So I was just like, oh, I'm just thinking,
not too bad. It's been I've had my coffee today, which is always a good start. And just been hanging out. My kids are downstairs and like, hey, be quiet, leave me alone. And they actually lived in listening. So I'm like, yes,
I have four girls 16, 13, 9 and three.
So they keep me in the scene. How
about you? Do you have any
kids?
How are
you doing?
you still
in high school or just graduating or?
Awesome. What are you studying?
What, what grade do you want to teach
it? I actually went to, went to college for about it for a year to do it and I got to do a like shadow my teachers. I actually had to do it at my old elementary school and I shattered my old fourth grade teacher and she was so much different from what I had her when, when she, when I was in fourth grade, like it was night and day and I like that kind of made me decide, okay. She's not really as nice as I remember her so I don't think I want to do.
I believe it. I mean I still like, I still liked her but I was just like, wow, you know the change and the third grade teacher that I shadowed under was so nice and she was like, gave me all kinds of tips and pointers and I just realized I love kids but I did not want to be, you know having to all the lesson plans and stuff and I props especially after all this with the quarantine and props to
the teachers.
I sent emails out to all my girls teachers like, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for everything you do for these kids. It's just crazy.
Mhm. Well, I was doing certain evaluation which is boring thankfully they fired me. So it was kind of like it paid good. So I'm like, you know, and so now I'm just doing these prolific studies and you know, other online user testing studies and such to try to just, you know, fill the time, make some extra money. My husband is a private investigator so he makes, yeah, he covers our bills. I'm the fund money. So you know, I'm like, well we can't go anywhere, so pressure's off of me right now.
They're not, it's a good way to learn. Just a little extra, you know, side money and such.
It is and I've for years I've done surveys because I've been, you know, back and forth and another workplace with the kids and this I like, I like the prolific better. They're shorter surveys. They're like straight to the point. I don't have to, you know, it's not like I would do these ones on like one opinion and my point and it's like, oh my gosh, okay 20 minutes later and I don't feel like I've actually get much of an input on anything. So
It is, I'm so happy. I just found it like a month or so ago and I've made like $60 and I'm like, this is awesome.
they are. Uh There's another one I found over. You might like respond it dot com. Uh
and basically they you only signed up for three a day. But then when they contact you they pay like 50-100 bucks. Like I did a I did one on a water bill and they look for much like this. They look for different people so you don't always qualify but they contact you if you do. Yeah they paid me $100. Talk to him about what they what I think their their water bill should look like and you know if if I like the design, it's the only one I've gotten so far out of two months. But I'm like hey it's still something and it was, it was like this, we've got to have a video conversation on it and it was really cool.
no problem. I love,
I love recommending stuff like that. I mean just if I find something that works, it just helps because like with the four kids I have to do, I'm kind of restricted to have having to do stuff at home. My youngest will start full day preschool in the fall, so that will free me up something. But with my husband, I never know what he's working until the day before he's actually out of town for the next couple of days were in texas, so he's over in san Antonio. Um and I'm like, okay, you know, so how am I supposed to work and make sure my kids when I have no idea if I'm gonna need a sitter or not need a sitter, It's crazy.
It is. However, have you been
managing
with all, I mean,
Yeah.
Like how I mean, how sick did they get? You know? Because I've heard varying degrees and it's like yeah.
wow.
Yeah, because you don't know, I mean there's so many stories, I've tried to avoid the media because I'm like, I don't know what's real, what's fake. I hear so much stuff on facebook and I'm like, and then I get angry enough to see people saying open up, just, you know, don't wear masks, don't do this when I see other people, you must wear a mask. And I'm like, oh my God, I'm kind of like in the middle of the road, I, you know, I can't really where I'm super claustrophobic. I panicked, I had a panic attack with an oxygen mask on and I'm like, hello, it's giving you oxygen and you're not you don't need to panic, you can breathe great. And I'm like, so I'm like, yeah, I can't do a mask. So I'm just like, okay, they require me to go wear mask. I just, I can't go in, but I still do the whole social distancing and wash my hands and all that kind of stuff because I don't want, you know, my biggest here more so is the spread it to people than to get it myself. Yeah.
Like did you were siblings end up getting it from your parents or?
Yeah, that's the whole, it's like just not knowing like, oh, maybe I have it. Maybe I don't, my mother in law school, well I had a cough in december, so I must have had it back then. Yeah, she's also going on, oh, you know God, which I appreciate to I believe, but she's like, God will save me. I don't need to wear a mask. And someone actually posted, you know, under her comments like, hey, you know, I believe in God will keep me safe, but I still wear my seatbelt. I'm like, exactly like the moderation helping the wall, like,
it's an expense to take as many precautions as you possibly can. I've been keeping my kids, you know, in the house. They're all like, can we go to the store with you, nope. No, you're not going to grocery store. It's just me. You know, I have my husband go with me just because, but you know, like, nope, that's a sentiment.
It's, it's frustrating. I mean we live in apartment, my kids, you know, we'll take a walk in the evening when there's like nobody else around and you know, we walk, they have to actually two pools and my kids, I want to go something. I'm like, yeah I know, but if they're not open my dishwasher busted for two months and they're like, yeah, we're only doing mandatory maintenance. So sorry and wash the dishes.
Yeah. It's frustrating. My father in law has um M. S. So like the fact that my mother in law is so just casual about all this and isn't, you know, really taking precautions that we've we've seen them twice since we've been, you know, since all this started, but we can move on and we're in their backyard like so we're not even like on top of each other or anything. And I'm like, yeah and my husband works out of his car, so I'm like we're good even though he goes to work every day, we're, you know, we're probably one of the least likely wants to get it just because we do take precautions when we go to the store. Like I said, he works in the car and such. But I'm like, for the first two months we didn't even go over there. It was until the last week in april that we finally went over and saw them after all that started because I'm like, I'm not risking it and I'm like, his his brother and his dad were supposed to fly in and visit us and at the end of March. And thankfully they end up because I told flat out, told her, I said, look, I'm not comfortable with them flying in. I said, that's, you know, even if they don't have it, they don't know that somebody there on the plane with doesn't have it and if they bring it to him, he could have all kinds of complications from this. And
yes, and I was like, I'm cringing and I'm like, and I told my husband said, you know, I love my father in law more than my mother in law. But I'm like, I and I said, I don't anything to happen to him, but at the same point, I said, unless something happens to him, she's not going to get it through her head, that this is how serious this is. So I don't know.
that's right.
They are. I had a friend in uh he's in, Ohio, he was in for, he had a surgery and needed care and he ended up getting Covid there and he said, it's just he said it it was horrible. He's recovered from it. Um but you know, he was posting on facebook like, if I've ever wronged you, I'm sorry and we're all I stop talking like that, you know, you're gonna pull through. Don't, don't give up. And he said it was just horrible because like day after day he's like, I'm just, I'm surrounded by death. He's like, yes, I took a bunch of the residents and you know, I'm like, oh, this is, you know, it's heartbreaking.
I tried to avoid it. I kind of let my husband give me the, you know, the important is because I'm like, no, I will just dress out and start, I bawled my eyes out on Mother's Day because I was just so stressed and overwhelmed like what are we going to get back to normal and what's normal even gonna be once this is all over and it's just, you know, it's overwhelming.
anxiety
is horrible. Anxiety is horrible on a given day. So when, you know on top of this it makes it so, so, so bad.
Thanks.
And they fear longer. Like I back in, what was that, 2017 when Hurricane Harvey hit in Texas, I learned quickly like what channels to watching what one's not too. And I found a really reliable local news on Facebook for
the weather and I went solely to them like I turned off the TV because a student, I turned it on and they were saying, Oh it's going to get this bad, that's bad. And the weather, the weather people that I was following were like, no, you know, this is what you can expect. And I'm like, why is this so different? And then it went more like they were saying and I'm like, there really just playing on people's fears trying to make it seem like it's going to be so much worse than what it is. I'm like, no, I can't do this. Like it's just there's no point to it.
I mean, you occasionally get like good stories on the news I've seen, but more email on social media, I see more of the negative, look at all these deaths, look at that, you know, negative. Don't get me started on politics. All good. Great.
you and me. But yes, like I have a basic understanding of what's going on, but I'm just like, the one time I made a comment on a friend's post and they're they're very democrat. Um and I just said, I just said something like not even that I support trump or anything, I just like countered an argument that she was saying, I was like, well that's not completely true. Here's, you know, and she's just like, keep your, you know, please keep your opinions off my post. And I'm like, really? I'm doing you since kindergarten, like you're just going to tell me not to post my opinions, but it's, you know, okay, whatever. And
I'm just like, I'm just not
exactly. They're just like, shut you down and it's, it's crazy. I'm like, okay, I'm good, I understand you have a different view than me and then, you know, tom over there, but just let it go. I mean like, except that other people have different views and I, I saw another friend of mine actually get outright attacked by a person for her views basically told her she was wrong, that she was, you know, just outright attack. I was like, wow, what is this world coming to? You know, you feel the need to attack somebody because they have a different opinion than you. It just doesn't make sense. Yeah.
it's like there's no repercussion so I can say whatever I want, I can, you know, knock you down a peg and it makes me feel better and I don't I don't get how people can, you know how that makes people feel better. I've watched my daughters do it to each other and I always stop and I'm like, no, no, just because you're not feeling good about yourself today does not mean you need to be putting your sister down and telling her she's not good at this. I'm like, so she's not, God, you don't need to tell her that like nine, you know, you're 16 to leave her alone.
It's hard. I mean, I I did it to my brother when I was when we were kids and you know, as far as I'm concerned, he ruined my life because I had it all before he came along,
I was for,
you
know, I was used to be the center of attention.
Yeah.
So what state do you live in
Illinois? How's the weather up there?
Oh my goodness,
Man, we're in the 80s down here already and it's it's, you know like is that my kids are like, we wanna go spending, sorry. I know it's hot.
I'm originally from Ohio, so we had kind of, my parents said it's no, they're like last week and I'm like in May. Really? Yeah, this is why I moved, hey,
you're
just all right there.
Are you wanting to stay in Illinois's or you know, just because your family is there and everything or do you to
go someplace?
What?
Right.
Right. I totally understand.
Oh, she's adorable.
That's been my my one, can I have two cats and a dog and my my dogs really anxious if it storms or something, she's right up my butt. But my cat, my one cat Bochy, she's a dark calico. She suddenly just been like following me around, which I kind of got her as a replacement. My old cat, Sabrina, she passed away a few years ago.
She
was really my anxiety cat. I've had her since I was since I moved to texas the first time and like, so she knew what I was feeling anxious should come lay on me and just you know, want petted and I was like, oh
my gosh, that's sweet. So it kind of it kind of sucked when you know I mean, she got, oh she was like 17 when she passed. Um So I was like you know it wasn't unexpected or anything so after like two years I got Gucci and she's going on, she'll be she'll be going on three and she just started warming up to me, she laid on my lap for the first time like last week since she was a kid and when she was a kid and she cuddled up next to me all the time and then the kids throwing her, so she's like leave me alone, she actually laid on my lap for like an hour and uh oh
I'm actually surprised normally at night and whenever I have my bedroom door close she'll come in and she'll start like pulling out the door and you know trying to dig up the carpet and I have to either shoot her off or just my husband's asleep, I just let her in and he's like, I don't like her sleeping in the bed. Like it doesn't bother me. You just lays lays at the bottom and goes to sleep and like you're asleep, you don't even know.
information.
Yeah. She's so cute. How old is she?
10? Mm.
I hear my my dogs, she's she'll be 10 in september actually. Uh I I only remember her age because she was born five days after my nine year old. So I'm like, you know, yes, I got her when my nine year old was six months old and we got her, we went into a these Amish people that, you know, basically the Amish had her and we went to a rescue because we wanted a quirky or quirky mix, which she's a quirky carry carrier mix. And she basically, they were like, okay, you know, my husband's like oh we'll go look at her, maybe we'll get to his dog for christmas. You know, we walked in and he went, oh I've never heard that man made that sound before. We're sick. We went home with the puppy that
as soon as I heard to make that choice, I'm like oh gosh yeah I can't have a dog to potty train because he was, you know, this is one of the points where I was staying at home and he was working on this. I'm like yeah
thank you, thank you guys because the six month old isn't enough.
That's it for us.
I don't know. Let me see if I can find a picture of her on my phone. She's adorable. And everybody is always like, oh she's you know, so sweet and so cute. This is my good, see that's my booty cats,
it's not the best picture. But there's that's also for us,
she's and she's a sweetheart. She's an idiot though, like we can't take her for walks but she just like runs off and act all goofy. Oh here's
a patient out over. Yeah,
she
acts like she's never seen another dog,
we take her out. So it's like it's like pull pull pull on the leash and we're like, oh my goodness, you know your your nine, we've worked with you all these years and she just never has never adjusted to walking on a leash properly. So we're like, you know, yeah, she has a beef with the little dog across the way, if they're out, she wouldn't know if that dog is in our front yard at all, which means like square. And she started feeling on the couch and just start her growling and barking her head off. And she makes us jump half the time because we won't even hear anything and she'll like bark
and I'm like jumping on my skin like would you? What's that like there's literally nobody here. They're not gonna get us I swear.
neither a size of front.
they are we create trained her. And the one night we were we were all met everybody was in bed lights were off downstairs. And also she started barking her head off. I'm like what the headache. So I would not, yeah we apparently didn't lock her in her case she went in on her own because she knows when I closed my laptop or turn off the tv that it's bedtime. So I just oh okay she's locked up night lock her up. So she was barking to let us know that we didn't lock her up. Yeah I was like you're crazy. I
was like well
thank
you
all right but that's just that's
her bed. It's her safe spot and that's where she goes. Mhm.
it's been great meeting you. Uh I wish you the best of luck in your schooling.
Send to you. Yes
you too bye.