Yes there. Okay. Fuck God. Hello.
I'm good. How are you
And Children? Yeah, I was like worried someone wasn't gonna show up to so that's good.
All right. I'm Grace by the way.
Nice meeting you too. Okay. Do you have any idea what we're supposed to talk about?
Okay, planes good. All right. Well I have a timer for 25 minutes so just gonna start that now. Okay.
Um So how are you doing today?
How how old are your kids?
Oh, that's nice.
It
sounds
like it
Now.
I'm I'm I'm 18. So yeah,
I mean
um I've just finished my first year of college. So
education
Like 3rd grade, like definitely younger grades,
Yeah. They always say like in the education field like don't go back to like your old elementary schools, like your old teachers because it like changes the light you see them in.
gosh.
Yeah. Yes. No. Today.
it really is. So like what you said you went to college, but you didn't end up going into education, do you like, what do you do now?
Right. Yeah, I've definitely been doing these like it's a lot of time to
Right. Exactly. And it's like, it's fun. Like it's it's interesting seeing how like people like, like these tests, it's interesting to see like what they're looking for and like
this one looks great.
Yeah, it's great and they're really good about like they're quick about like paying and yeah, it's it's really the most straightforward.
Mhm.
wow. I'll have to check out thank you for the recommendation. That sounds interesting.
Four,
Yeah, it's such a weird time to like, and
I
don't know.
Um I've been doing all right. I mean, I feel like I've been in a relatively good situation in comparison to a lot of other people. Um My so I'm at home with my parents and my brother and sister um
and actually my parents tested positive. So yeah, they're fine now. It was about two months ago, but it was really scary at first. Um
so my dad, it seemed like he just had the flu. My mom had a fever for like two weeks. Um
Yeah, and and like neither of them, it was like really like the respiratory stuff, it was just kind of more like flu like symptoms, but um they were scary. Yeah.
too, for sure.
So we haven't gotten tested for it yet just because like we want to let other people who actually are in more serious cases get tested first, but eventually we will. It is likely though, because like we're all in such close quarters, it's kind of impossible for us not to have gotten it. So it's likely that we just had it and didn't show symptoms. Um Which means that like obviously then we can't really, they're like we're immune to it, I guess. But then that still doesn't mean we can't pass it on. Which kind of sucks,
Yes. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. There's there's certain precautions you can take,
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't left my house in like two months. Mm.
Yeah, it's really tough and there's like nothing you can do about it because like there's, I don't know, I I just feel awful for people who are in like worse situations.
Oh yeah, that's so dangerous.
Yeah, yeah, I've definitely seen that with my grandparents, have trouble like processing everything, my my grandpa has Alzheimers, so he is in a nursing home, so we haven't been able to see him in like two months.
It is, it is hard, but it's also like obviously we can't go in there because nursing homes are like so at risk.
it really is. Uh it's like it's so hard to like look at news and stuff because I mean all you see is like tragedy. Uh huh
It really is, it really is, yeah, my like my anxiety has been so bad because of it all, but yeah,
I mean,
Yeah, it really does,
But you know, I mean, I think the news makes it worse, like looking at such tragedy and stuff, I'm trying to focus on more positive things.
Money.
Yeah, I can imagine I'm scary. That would be I, I don't know, I mean like extreme weather, I guess it's so hard to predict, but I guess I haven't really thought about how they fear mongering that way, but that's crazy.
wow, I've been avoided. Not completely
that's
that's frustrating. I don't understand why people like there so okay with sharing their political opinions out, but then like the second someone else tries to like share an opposing opinion, like they just, they can't listen to it.
right. Yeah, it's it's frustrating and it's it's kind of scary how like quickly people attack other people. I think social media is can like created such like a cess pool for like people thinking they can like cyber bully other people over like something kind of so stupid. Is that?
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. I've definitely done that to my little sister.
I
notice
you mean.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. But but I agree. I think, I think really like if anyone is attacking someone else that's really like an insecurity about themselves and I think that's something that kind of helps me like, I don't know, get through like dealing with other people is just recognizing that like people attacked because they are feeling a certain way of themselves. Um
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Mm
I'm from Illinois.
It's not great. We had a hailstorm last night.
Yeah. Yeah, it's the weather has been kind of weird. Just like very on and off. Yeah.
That sounds so nice. Yeah. Midwest weather, man.
And I go to school in Illinois too, so I don't really have much of an escape
there.
Exactly. Uh that damn teaching license.
I
don't, I honestly don't really know like in terms of the future, like I haven't thought about a whole lot right now, my plan was just kind of go wherever I can get a job and then like because teaching is such like a flexible job, just kind of see where things take me. But
for now I am planning on staying in Illinois because that's where I'm getting my license. Sure.
I'm sorry. My dog is like scratching at my door. Excuse.
Can you stop being such a brat? You want to say hi? Oh, this is miller.
She is but she, she has been like attached at my hip since quarantine started.
I'm
sorry
No
Well looks so sweet.
yeah, Milly Milly's my dog. She yeah, she'll do the same, she'll like, she'll growl at my door if I don't let her in. She she's such a brat and she spends, she spends her entire day like on my bed or like she'll follow me around, she's ridiculous, but I love her,
she's such a speeding,
she's 10.
she looks like a puppy but she's she's kind of old.
you just know
so another,
what's your dog's name?
Oh, that's so greenie
Oh so sweet.
Oh, I love dogs.
gosh,
So
swing.
What?
what?
terrible. Yeah. Really really loves barking at nothing. We have like we have like a glass door leading to our like back porch and she like she'll bargain her own reflection. She's not the brightest,
but they're so lovable.
that's
number
down
here. Thanks for the reminder.
What?
All right. It looks like it's been about 25 minutes. It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Thank you so much. I hope everything like with quarantine goes well for you and your family.
All right, well I hope you have a nice stay.