SPEAKER_L: Hey, I made it first. That's good. Will anyone show up to me? Talk to me cats here? What do you think is anyone gonna show up? I think I'm at the right time, says I'm supposed to meet at six p.m. Today. That's what time it is, yep. Yeah mm Yeah. So we get to do great. They're so fucking cute. You matter and you are made of matter. Yeah. Oh and the best thing was yesterday morning, everybody this morning uh uh and broader strategic fifth grade. And she's like something healthy. And she was like, I want to review like some basics like what are they gonna know? And I was like, oh they know that. But like we talked the fuck you so okay. She's like, and then she was just like, oh my God, I'm sure I was like, they really know. They were telling me all kinds of things. They were like they're doing their like arteries away and the veins back, things like they're all singing that that's like nice. And they were like, they were like the platelets with the sticky platelets and how they get spiky and sticky. And they were like, they like know all about that. I was like, yeah, we did that. Yeah. Really taught those kids and they were like, when they were talking about like where they like the blood toast go. They were all like, remember your stories, we're going to have the power to remember your stories. Remember how the bloods moves around by. Remember the stories they never saying that too. And that's great. Like it was just so afraid going to be like, this is why when you teach, you can't just do about memorization tests because when you make them like integrate now and try and do something useful with it, they actually remember it as opposed to just do a test because this has been a year and these are fifth graders. So like any other figures a lot more on Medford adult, it's like their whole life. Uh huh. Yeah, I got it, put it up on the freezer for you. Yeah he said go for it. He just said you know, saving a couple, but he said go for it know about share with me. My chaperone is not coming. Maybe that's part of the survey is like what do I do with my chat partner doesn't show up? Yeah, they said they're paying more this time so maybe that is the whole thing, but they say they still pay me about 50 if no one shows up. So maybe they're just like seeing how long I'll stay waiting. Oh no there's a
SPEAKER_R: huh. Uh I
SPEAKER_L: hi there.
SPEAKER_R: think I closed it out before I was supposed to you. I thought I was getting on and I had closed it.
SPEAKER_L: Right come on, let's go. Well I also like have a little take up where I had to like do the thing where you like click through it and then oops, you would see whatever, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: cool. I'm just running up to my office and my wife essence doesn't have to hear me talk. She just go,
SPEAKER_R: I've got kids in there. I'm just hoping they don't run in here screaming. I told them to be quiet.
SPEAKER_L: well, co coco, how old you get? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Two of them are 10 1 of seven and one is three.
SPEAKER_L: okay, so that's right up my my age and I, I teach, I work with 2nd 3rd, 4th and 5th graders. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah they're fun. Lots of fun now that their home all the time for school, they haven't gone back yet. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm I'm in person, I've been in person since like a week after school started, we went back in person. It's something yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Minor space to get back on november 1st or second. Yeah. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Or Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully. I uh I have a lot of thoughts about it, but I know one thing the kids need school, it's so, so good for them. It's but it's like so good for them and some of them, like I'm starting to think the word trauma is a real word that needs to be used. That experience has been like for Children who?
SPEAKER_R: mean my kids used to love school but now all the time they're like I hate school you know and my old enough to drop out, can we just not do this? You know they just they they hate it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It'll be fun again when they get to go back. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: do believe that because I mean as a teacher in myself like I made a big effort to make zoom about fun and not about learning because we can't remember not having fun like it is physically impossible. Um And now that we're in person the same deal, like we need to learn how to be happy together first before we can do any learn, we got to be happy. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Cool cool. Have you ever done one of these crazy chats before?
SPEAKER_R: No, not like this.
SPEAKER_L: This is now my fifth. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: this is my fourth one now. Yeah. When I saw it with the back I was like, oh yeah please give me this, this is this is a good good whatever like they used to be 15 bucks and now it's 20 and it's like okay like sign me up, this is great.
SPEAKER_R: So just chatting with a random person for 25 minutes I guess and they pay you for it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sure. I don't know what they're doing with the data but I think it's funny. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: guess they're looking for something, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's pretty funny. I met this one guy in California which was really silly and he was yeah he was thinking about becoming a teacher and I was like I am a teacher and he's like I study science like dude I teach science just like dude let me your email and I like connected it with some local area people who are like a little bit more up and up and know what's up. So he could maybe maybe he made a good connection. I don't know. Um That's pretty funny.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I'm in marriage. I don't know if you're yeah, that's,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: that's,
SPEAKER_R: do you say?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Maryland right now. That's where Ryan.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, cool, Okay sir. About the East Coast and
SPEAKER_R: I live in Wilmington. Let's start by the beach. So it's, we do a lot of beach stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that that's definitely been the one of the things that I missed, I mean in Baltimore, so the beaches close, but you do have to drive, you know, like with the beach, you got to go about two hours and so of course with all this like, nope, there was no beach time this, this summer. Um That would have been nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We're like a mile from the beach. We still have to drive, but it's only a mile. It's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. You must live in there in the summer. That's beautiful. That's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We tried to do, but I mean this time, this last time I was really crowded, like you think it wouldn't be, but it was, I think people just wanted to get out. So a lot of the time we just stayed away because we didn't want to get all in the crowd and everything, but they're mostly gone now, so we get a lot more. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: On that's nice I guess. Yeah, I guess we've we've had some nice days. This week has been nice last week, it felt
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: very cold, like winter is coming cold, but Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's still hot here. Uh How long it will be hot sometimes it stays hot like through christmas and we're all in t shirts and shorts during christmas and that will get cold like maybe in february for a month
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: there, it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: What was I listening to? I was listening to this like, you know, they had one of those like, roundtable discussions about voters from florida and they were all talking, I didn't move to florida and we're like, I like it here. It's nice. The weather's amazing forever. And I was like thinking myself like, man, maybe this whole moving to florida when you get older things for real, like, like Maryland, it's fine. You know, Maryland has four seasons, the winter is not real. It's fine. I don't like, but I was like, for the first time, pretty much ever, like listening to whatever. I mean like, yeah, maybe I need heat. Like, I think I like the heat. All right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I lived in the mountains um like on the other side of north Carolina for a while, like when I was in college and a few years after and uh my husband's from west Virginia, so he was around mountains all the time and we were with like we need to go somewhere else for a while so we like it here. He still wants to move to like the keys when he Uh huh. Yeah, I'm here, whatever I guess Either wins the lottery or retires if he has nobody. Uh Yeah he wants to go down there and party I think so. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I can understand that. Yeah, my buddy is planning to get married um around this time next year and we're already like, okay, everybody like, start saving now, like hopefully by then we'll be able to decipher reel it and I'm
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like how I can get my work to let me take a whole week off, which is as a teacher, like you're not allowed to in the school year to take time off. I mean you could but like please don't like no one, like maybe if you get married that you know you can but like just just do it in the summer, whatever it is, like please plan. But I'm like I might bag and be like just let me go, like last year was crazy. Everything's been crazy like let's do this. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I think everybody needs a break.
SPEAKER_L: I think we all do. Yeah, I think course. Yeah. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: What do you do up in Maryland besides work
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and stuff? Any like hobbies I guess?
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, so my new thing has been biking and that whole like try to get a bike thing. I don't know if you heard about how hard it is with all this. Everybody went bought a bike. Um
SPEAKER_R: We try to get bikes like back at the beginning of it and like they were none no bikes, no pools, nothing
SPEAKER_L: It was kind of crazy. Um And I we went to that thing, I was like, should I buy a hot tub? The answer's no,
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: I shouldn't.
SPEAKER_R: That's it.
SPEAKER_L: I but I like I love like, you know, he's getting Airbnb and there's a hard time and I'm so glad you take care of this because I don't want it, but like for three days I want that. Yeah, so I bought a bike and I've been biking to work and I'm trying to like, make that a part of my life and maybe one day get rid of my car because I bought a Chevy and I will never buy another Chevy. Uh I think their trucks might be okay, but they're small cars like I think that's or about as a company and I was like, I'll buy a Toyota, I want to be cool. And by Chevy and it's a very pretty car, or at least it was five years ago. And now I'm like, I don't like paying for this anymore and I don't want a new car. And I'd like the idea of driving around and something that costs a lot less money than a car and if it breaks, it gets hit. I don't care. I can get a new one. And so I don't know, I've been biking to work most days and the winter is coming and I'm trying to see if I can get enough winter clothes and special bike clothes and whatever else I'm uh not free. You know, we'll see what happens this year if I can actually get rid of the car or not. Instead of a that's my new crazy hobby. Yeah. Did
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: I mean we
SPEAKER_L: One month?
SPEAKER_R: bike a little around here but not like, you know on long trips go around the neighborhood so that's about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well you probably have a crew. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My um three year old we had a bike trailer for him but he's gotten out where he does not want to be in it so like he's trying to get out the whole time so and he had a balance bike that he could ride fine but um he saw this bike like a regular pedal bike and I was like kind of looks like a major cross bike but it was a little bitty kids bike and he loved it so much that we got it for him, it was played against sports, like you sports stuff and so it's pretty cheap and I guess we'll try to teach them how to write it and maybe we can all go on bikes
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: just gotta yeah find somewhere where they're not going to get run over because they're not used to traffic there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When I heard it back into work, like in like Baltimore city is a wonderful city. There are some really nice places in Baltimore city, but drivers here like to drive and they do not care about bikes and there's not been a lot of bike infrastructure and there are some bike lanes, but I like don't want to go on some of them because it's like a 30 35 on our road. And like I'm not that fast. Um And so I
SPEAKER_R: Step
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: two.
SPEAKER_L: always route and my wife is like, do not get hit like isn't it like no, you're not allowed to get hit, gonna work like none of that. And so I'm like, like in all these little roads because I'm not willing to go on big stuff, yeah, traffic. You really have to keep your head on a swivel and that's a bummer. But find cool spots. I mean, where I grew up in a much more quiet area, much more sub suburban and totally the opposite, totally fine powering it is. I mean, I think about like when I was like 16 or 17, your bike is like, I can actually go places like I want that in the car. Uh huh. Oh yeah, that's cool. That's really fun. I've always wondered about those balance bikes. I have a nephew still too little for one, you know, like about to be three. Like, no, we're not there yet. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's good um you know he started off like he'd kind of walk with it, he'd be sitting on it but he'd be walking and then when he figured out he could like push
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: and go then he did that all the time. And now like the new bike we got on doesn't have you know, training wheels or a kickstand or anything like that and he gets on it and he still tries to push with his feet. He's not doing the pedals yet but I mean he's got the balance so I guess the balance by just sort of like jumps over the you know training wheels are trying to you know, learn balance. They've already got it.
SPEAKER_L: that's so cool. I mean, I I have a very strong sense memory of
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: my dad first told me like, you are like, he like pushed me without the training wheels, He's like, once I fell over, he's like, you got to like do it, like you just got to do, and I'm just like, okay. And it wasn't, it's not like an awful painful memory, but it's very much just like, that was a tough day, like not a bad day because you get it. It's like, oh my God, this is the real deal happening. Yeah. That's cool. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: but you know also like uh I don't know I don't know what else to talk about.
SPEAKER_L: Did you guys pick up, pick up any crazy hobbies you had to deal with being stuck in the house?
SPEAKER_R: Um No I mean we have like a little outdoor pool, like one of the um above ground things, but it's uh I think it like died during one of the hurricanes and we could never find another pool, but they loved it for our a couple of months. And uh yeah, we couldn't find another pool. We still haven't found another one there. Like I think I bought that when it's not huge, but it was a couple $100 and then the same size. I found like $1000. They're still they still haven't gone down, but they like to swim, we've been trying to get to the beach and they like boogie boarding. I keep trying to get them to surf because I guess I want to like live by curiously through them because I don't know how to surf and I'm like, come on, all your friends are doing it. Like all their little friends go out there and surf and it's crazy. But my kids don't really want to do it. They were cool with boogie boarding and stuff. They don't want to go way out there and do all that. Um
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Yeah. I always wish I started trying to serve earlier. I got to try it a few times when I was 18 and I was like, this is cool, terrible at this. I wish this any time when I was younger um that's fine. Yeah, boogie boarding school. I used to love that too, darling
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They are not scared of
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: the water at all, which I mean it's good and bad. They are pretty good at swimming. But I mean nations swimming's different than, you know in a pool. So in my three year old, he doesn't care. He just run it and get knocked over and pulled out and you know, come back and he has like, he doesn't have a healthy respect for this ocean yet. Say I have to watch him a lot because he doesn't care. He, he thinks it's really fun to get knocked over and it just pulls them back out and you know. But yeah, it's really brave like to brave.
SPEAKER_L: Cool and terrifying. I think I would be standing next to him freaking out. That's funny before. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Who? That's fine. Yeah. We like my wife, you ever see those diamond paintings? Do those
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: ever make it make it to your world? I think they were like one of these like pop hits that showed up in the like the various graders, but probably more girls. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you like, like put a little bit of like this special blue that comes with it and then you put a little bit of you like tap down this like fake diamond, then you put it on and it's like they're all different colors and so you have like, you know some famous painting and just like painting it with diamonds and something shiny. My wife got one of the my kids do that and I was like one of ours like all right, it's day. I'm not telling the days anymore about this off amazon, I'm doing it good for you. Like what? We're stuck in a out?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My kids had some kind of color by sticker or something. I guess. That's what it was called. It was like a picture and then you put the stickers on it. Yeah, that was fun.
SPEAKER_L: okay, that was very cool. Yeah, I'm always looking for something for the kids because you know every avenue to make them happy. That's cool. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I've got one next to me right now. Like trying to inch over like stop. You just got to wait.
SPEAKER_L: Um Do anything do anything play games, are they into that?
SPEAKER_R: Um, they used to, uh, I mean like sports, uh, this one Savannah, the seven year old, she used to do soccer. Um, my 10 year old girl
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: does like ballet and jazz dance.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my son, he does my 10 year old son. He used to do baseball, but he, when he got old enough that they were like yelling at everybody and it was really stressful he didn't like it so
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I let him quit. I was like I don't want you to do it if you you know our miserable every time because you know at some point they were doing T. Ball and then they did machine pitch and then when they started like the next level where the kids are pitching like I guess it just got really serious and you know they were all yelling at each other and the parents are reeling and I mean it was just it was too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a lot. I I was never great in sports and I think I dropped out around that age too, I'm like yeah, ok, this is no longer about a bunch of guys getting together and like run around trying to get some good exercise. Is it? All right? I like have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it was fun before and you know the soccer was fun that girls uh I guess Savannah is gonna do the seven year old's gonna do dance too if they ever got back. She was space to start ballet this year. But they haven't like started back um when they were doing fencing at the Y. M. C. A. The older ones but they have to wait till the
SPEAKER_L: Or?
SPEAKER_R: Y. M. C. A. Opens back up. But yeah they really like that.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I never thought that was cool.
SPEAKER_L: right on. Yeah. One of my my Good Boy Scout buddies used to do fencing and I was always, what is this crazy world? Whenever he would like, I was just like, that's so odd. It sounds cool. But also like what in the world did you get yourself into Rock on? That's your thing. Individual sports. I feel like you're cool because they might be less competitive. You know, like you're more likely to play someone in your similar level, you're just be able to put really, you're like, how good am I doing today? Like a little less of that, like am I good in the room? Am I? But
SPEAKER_R: think the fencing kids that they met were more um like they were nice they were they weren't like I don't know they weren't snobby, they were kind of into like video games. Maybe you are like just more chilled than maybe the girls that dance or you know the boys at baseball these were more like the I don't want to send normal kids but the kids that were kind of like the not this you know like just super into dance and you know whatever and or super into baseball they were just more having fun.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. That's cool. Yeah, I really like the why we joined the y this year for the first time ever. I mean my wife and I was like, what? What took us so long? It's a nice place. I was very sad when they had to close. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: ours open back up for like outdoor exercise classes and for the pool, but you have to make an appointment to go to the pool so I, I never know and we're going to be able to go still havent done yet, but hopefully soon maybe.
SPEAKER_L: wow. I like I am so of two minds. Like it's so, it's so hard. Like I've seen my mom twice and she's only a 35 minute ride from me and it's like I am just, I work with a lot of kids mom like I don't want to be near you. Like I work with a lot of kids and she allowed this word that I am, which I guess makes sense. I don't know, maybe I'm too worried. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I see both sides of it because I mean the beginning of the year, I was really hoping that they wouldn't go to school. I was like, this is too dangerous that can't go to school, you know? And I don't know, maybe it's just stress now I'm like they've got to go to school but um I were maybe I'm just desensitized
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to it, which I don't know, it wasn't necessarily a good thing. I mean, I'm still scared but I don't know what else to do. They've got to go to school stops man.
SPEAKER_L: One of things that's been really cool my schools, every kid has to wear a mask. Every adult asked all the time and we only eat outside and they drink their indoors like they'll go like this and there may be good everyone from kettle forgetting that, wow. You know, with the mascot, But they're pretty good a second grader first or even a kindergartener, even a pre check it out. They can keep the mask on. It's not a big deal, you know, because you will wear it and we will love it. And then the kids go, we will wear it. We were like, you know, see whatever you want to unite kids. Nice. And we haven't had so far, we haven't had any problems. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My three year old has been in um it's a montessori school so his his
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. Those are awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah he's in uh pre K. But let's say it's a 3 to 6 year old class so they've got kindergarten to but they've been going every day full time. The
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: older kids haven't but I mean they haven't had any problems. The kids have done really great. This method hostage.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's great. I'm just glad that like the child
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: care like a really young stuff for the most part, it's been fine where I'm at like they, you know, they
SPEAKER_R: Just.
SPEAKER_L: were close to three weeks and then they're like, all right, we figured out our protocols. Like these kids got kids like it's good for them. This is safe or at least safe enough as safe as we can make it. And it just pretty good. Yeah. My
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: school has like a little what they call it, the the literal schools, what they call it. Um And that's been good. Yeah. Yeah. They only closed for two weeks in March and then they were back. I was like, all right, here's what we changed. It's fine. They've been they've been running since, Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We've been out since March. Older kids have lost
SPEAKER_L: Work.
SPEAKER_R: you. They went they tried to go back for one week. Um But yeah my first grader is seven year old she got to go and then the other older kids when
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: it was their turn together they had decided they were gonna do remote only lasted. They were really upset. But yeah at least one of them got to go for a week.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's so tough. I really go for these kids. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, Madonna.
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: wow. I'm kind of jealous. Sounds like you have like a beautiful full house. That's so wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's crazy but fun you know I mean I wouldn't have it any other way I guess.
SPEAKER_L: And for that. That's that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. We got the cat, we got me and my wife where it's a little quieter. I got a roommate too which is nice. We're good little quiet. That were quiet house. It's pretty quiet here. Sometimes you can use a little bit more worse. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty loud here but I don't know. I think the first day when they all go back
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm here by myself I'm gonna like not know what to do. Or is it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that stuck with me. That's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm mm.
SPEAKER_R: Do they have a time around this? Not that I don't enjoy talking to you but I've got this one over here like harassing me about eating.
SPEAKER_L: No they totally do it. What is it at 6 27? When did we start? We started out on time.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I think it was like two minutes late but I don't have a timer.
SPEAKER_L: and so. Oh I see and I oh my goodness. It's a nice looking. I I thought just a little bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she'll come over like just slowly like one step at a time and then she was like right there like she's picking up on me
SPEAKER_L: gone. Well I guess then I should say bye. Thank you so much for chatting. This was fun. Yeah. Yeah all the best wishes. I hope
SPEAKER_R: Heard
SPEAKER_L: you have a
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: good winner. And all those things
SPEAKER_R: Okay you too.
SPEAKER_L: cheers.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: What?