huh. Uh I
think I closed it out before I was supposed to you. I thought I was getting on and I had closed it.
Good. How are you doing?
I've got kids in there. I'm just hoping they don't run in here screaming. I told them to be quiet.
Two of them are 10 1 of seven and one is three.
Okay. Yeah they're fun. Lots of fun now that their home all the time for school, they haven't gone back yet. Mhm.
Minor space to get back on november 1st or second. Yeah. Hopefully.
mean my kids used to love school but now all the time they're like I hate school you know and my old enough to drop out, can we just not do this? You know they just they they hate it.
Yeah I hope so.
Uh huh.
No, not like this.
What?
So just chatting with a random person for 25 minutes I guess and they pay you for it.
guess they're looking for something, I don't know.
That's cool.
What
do you say?
Uh I'm in north Carolina.
I live in Wilmington. Let's start by the beach. So it's, we do a lot of beach stuff. Yeah.
We're like a mile from the beach. We still have to drive, but it's only a mile. It's pretty good.
Yeah. We tried to do, but I mean this time, this last time I was really crowded, like you think it wouldn't be, but it was, I think people just wanted to get out. So a lot of the time we just stayed away because we didn't want to get all in the crowd and everything, but they're mostly gone now, so we get a lot more. Yeah.
And
Yeah, it's still hot here. Uh How long it will be hot sometimes it stays hot like through christmas and we're all in t shirts and shorts during christmas and that will get cold like maybe in february for a month
there, it's not too bad.
Yeah, I lived in the mountains um like on the other side of north Carolina for a while, like when I was in college and a few years after and uh my husband's from west Virginia, so he was around mountains all the time and we were with like we need to go somewhere else for a while so we like it here. He still wants to move to like the keys when he Uh huh. Yeah, I'm here, whatever I guess Either wins the lottery or retires if he has nobody. Uh Yeah he wants to go down there and party I think so. I don't know.
And
I think everybody needs a break.
What do you do up in Maryland besides work
and stuff? Any like hobbies I guess?
We try to get bikes like back at the beginning of it and like they were none no bikes, no pools, nothing
there.
That's it.
Yeah.
I mean we
bike a little around here but not like, you know on long trips go around the neighborhood so that's about it.
Yeah. My um three year old we had a bike trailer for him but he's gotten out where he does not want to be in it so like he's trying to get out the whole time so and he had a balance bike that he could ride fine but um he saw this bike like a regular pedal bike and I was like kind of looks like a major cross bike but it was a little bitty kids bike and he loved it so much that we got it for him, it was played against sports, like you sports stuff and so it's pretty cheap and I guess we'll try to teach them how to write it and maybe we can all go on bikes
just gotta yeah find somewhere where they're not going to get run over because they're not used to traffic there. Yeah.
Step
two.
Yeah it's good um you know he started off like he'd kind of walk with it, he'd be sitting on it but he'd be walking and then when he figured out he could like push
and go then he did that all the time. And now like the new bike we got on doesn't have you know, training wheels or a kickstand or anything like that and he gets on it and he still tries to push with his feet. He's not doing the pedals yet but I mean he's got the balance so I guess the balance by just sort of like jumps over the you know training wheels are trying to you know, learn balance. They've already got it.
let's
go.
but you know also like uh I don't know I don't know what else to talk about.
Um No I mean we have like a little outdoor pool, like one of the um above ground things, but it's uh I think it like died during one of the hurricanes and we could never find another pool, but they loved it for our a couple of months. And uh yeah, we couldn't find another pool. We still haven't found another one there. Like I think I bought that when it's not huge, but it was a couple $100 and then the same size. I found like $1000. They're still they still haven't gone down, but they like to swim, we've been trying to get to the beach and they like boogie boarding. I keep trying to get them to surf because I guess I want to like live by curiously through them because I don't know how to surf and I'm like, come on, all your friends are doing it. Like all their little friends go out there and surf and it's crazy. But my kids don't really want to do it. They were cool with boogie boarding and stuff. They don't want to go way out there and do all that. Um
Yeah. They are not scared of
the water at all, which I mean it's good and bad. They are pretty good at swimming. But I mean nations swimming's different than, you know in a pool. So in my three year old, he doesn't care. He just run it and get knocked over and pulled out and you know, come back and he has like, he doesn't have a healthy respect for this ocean yet. Say I have to watch him a lot because he doesn't care. He, he thinks it's really fun to get knocked over and it just pulls them back out and you know. But yeah, it's really brave like to brave.
hmm.
No,
Mhm.
Yeah. My kids had some kind of color by sticker or something. I guess. That's what it was called. It was like a picture and then you put the stickers on it. Yeah, that was fun.
I've got one next to me right now. Like trying to inch over like stop. You just got to wait.
Um, they used to, uh, I mean like sports, uh, this one Savannah, the seven year old, she used to do soccer. Um, my 10 year old girl
does like ballet and jazz dance.
I,
yeah, my son, he does my 10 year old son. He used to do baseball, but he, when he got old enough that they were like yelling at everybody and it was really stressful he didn't like it so
I let him quit. I was like I don't want you to do it if you you know our miserable every time because you know at some point they were doing T. Ball and then they did machine pitch and then when they started like the next level where the kids are pitching like I guess it just got really serious and you know they were all yelling at each other and the parents are reeling and I mean it was just it was too much.
Yeah I mean it was fun before and you know the soccer was fun that girls uh I guess Savannah is gonna do the seven year old's gonna do dance too if they ever got back. She was space to start ballet this year. But they haven't like started back um when they were doing fencing at the Y. M. C. A. The older ones but they have to wait till the
Y. M. C. A. Opens back up. But yeah they really like that.
I never thought that was cool.
think the fencing kids that they met were more um like they were nice they were they weren't like I don't know they weren't snobby, they were kind of into like video games. Maybe you are like just more chilled than maybe the girls that dance or you know the boys at baseball these were more like the I don't want to send normal kids but the kids that were kind of like the not this you know like just super into dance and you know whatever and or super into baseball they were just more having fun.
ours open back up for like outdoor exercise classes and for the pool, but you have to make an appointment to go to the pool so I, I never know and we're going to be able to go still havent done yet, but hopefully soon maybe.
Yeah, I see both sides of it because I mean the beginning of the year, I was really hoping that they wouldn't go to school. I was like, this is too dangerous that can't go to school, you know? And I don't know, maybe it's just stress now I'm like they've got to go to school but um I were maybe I'm just desensitized
to it, which I don't know, it wasn't necessarily a good thing. I mean, I'm still scared but I don't know what else to do. They've got to go to school stops man.
Yeah. My three year old has been in um it's a montessori school so his his
yeah he's in uh pre K. But let's say it's a 3 to 6 year old class so they've got kindergarten to but they've been going every day full time. The
older kids haven't but I mean they haven't had any problems. The kids have done really great. This method hostage.
And.
Just.
What?
Yeah. We've been out since March. Older kids have lost
you. They went they tried to go back for one week. Um But yeah my first grader is seven year old she got to go and then the other older kids when
it was their turn together they had decided they were gonna do remote only lasted. They were really upset. But yeah at least one of them got to go for a week.
Yeah.
Oh.
huh.
Yeah it's crazy but fun you know I mean I wouldn't have it any other way I guess.
it's pretty loud here but I don't know. I think the first day when they all go back
I'm here by myself I'm gonna like not know what to do. Or is it? Yeah.
Uh huh.
Do they have a time around this? Not that I don't enjoy talking to you but I've got this one over here like harassing me about eating.
Um Yeah I think it was like two minutes late but I don't have a timer.
Yeah she'll come over like just slowly like one step at a time and then she was like right there like she's picking up on me
Heard
you too.
Okay you too.
Thanks. Bye.
What?