Hey, I made it first. That's good. Will anyone show up to me? Talk to me cats here? What do you think is anyone gonna show up? I think I'm at the right time, says I'm supposed to meet at six p.m. Today. That's what time it is, yep. Yeah mm Yeah. So we get to do great. They're so fucking cute. You matter and you are made of matter. Yeah. Oh and the best thing was yesterday morning, everybody this morning uh uh and broader strategic fifth grade. And she's like something healthy. And she was like, I want to review like some basics like what are they gonna know? And I was like, oh they know that. But like we talked the fuck you so okay. She's like, and then she was just like, oh my God, I'm sure I was like, they really know. They were telling me all kinds of things. They were like they're doing their like arteries away and the veins back, things like they're all singing that that's like nice. And they were like, they were like the platelets with the sticky platelets and how they get spiky and sticky. And they were like, they like know all about that. I was like, yeah, we did that. Yeah. Really taught those kids and they were like, when they were talking about like where they like the blood toast go. They were all like, remember your stories, we're going to have the power to remember your stories. Remember how the bloods moves around by. Remember the stories they never saying that too. And that's great. Like it was just so afraid going to be like, this is why when you teach, you can't just do about memorization tests because when you make them like integrate now and try and do something useful with it, they actually remember it as opposed to just do a test because this has been a year and these are fifth graders. So like any other figures a lot more on Medford adult, it's like their whole life. Uh huh. Yeah, I got it, put it up on the freezer for you. Yeah he said go for it. He just said you know, saving a couple, but he said go for it know about share with me. My chaperone is not coming. Maybe that's part of the survey is like what do I do with my chat partner doesn't show up? Yeah, they said they're paying more this time so maybe that is the whole thing, but they say they still pay me about 50 if no one shows up. So maybe they're just like seeing how long I'll stay waiting. Oh no there's a
hi there.
Right come on, let's go. Well I also like have a little take up where I had to like do the thing where you like click through it and then oops, you would see whatever, how's it going?
cool. I'm just running up to my office and my wife essence doesn't have to hear me talk. She just go,
well, co coco, how old you get? Okay.
okay, so that's right up my my age and I, I teach, I work with 2nd 3rd, 4th and 5th graders. Yeah.
Well I'm I'm in person, I've been in person since like a week after school started, we went back in person. It's something yeah.
Or Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully. I uh I have a lot of thoughts about it, but I know one thing the kids need school, it's so, so good for them. It's but it's like so good for them and some of them, like I'm starting to think the word trauma is a real word that needs to be used. That experience has been like for Children who?
Yeah. It'll be fun again when they get to go back. I
do believe that because I mean as a teacher in myself like I made a big effort to make zoom about fun and not about learning because we can't remember not having fun like it is physically impossible. Um And now that we're in person the same deal, like we need to learn how to be happy together first before we can do any learn, we got to be happy. Uh Yeah.
Cool cool. Have you ever done one of these crazy chats before?
This is now my fifth. So
this is my fourth one now. Yeah. When I saw it with the back I was like, oh yeah please give me this, this is this is a good good whatever like they used to be 15 bucks and now it's 20 and it's like okay like sign me up, this is great.
Yeah sure. I don't know what they're doing with the data but I think it's funny. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah it's pretty funny. I met this one guy in California which was really silly and he was yeah he was thinking about becoming a teacher and I was like I am a teacher and he's like I study science like dude I teach science just like dude let me your email and I like connected it with some local area people who are like a little bit more up and up and know what's up. So he could maybe maybe he made a good connection. I don't know. Um That's pretty funny.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I'm in marriage. I don't know if you're yeah, that's,
that's,
I'm in Maryland right now. That's where Ryan.
Oh, cool, Okay sir. About the East Coast and
Yeah, that that's definitely been the one of the things that I missed, I mean in Baltimore, so the beaches close, but you do have to drive, you know, like with the beach, you got to go about two hours and so of course with all this like, nope, there was no beach time this, this summer. Um That would have been nice. Yeah.
that's awesome. You must live in there in the summer. That's beautiful. That's
On that's nice I guess. Yeah, I guess we've we've had some nice days. This week has been nice last week, it felt
very cold, like winter is coming cold, but Right. Yeah.
Mhm.
What was I listening to? I was listening to this like, you know, they had one of those like, roundtable discussions about voters from florida and they were all talking, I didn't move to florida and we're like, I like it here. It's nice. The weather's amazing forever. And I was like thinking myself like, man, maybe this whole moving to florida when you get older things for real, like, like Maryland, it's fine. You know, Maryland has four seasons, the winter is not real. It's fine. I don't like, but I was like, for the first time, pretty much ever, like listening to whatever. I mean like, yeah, maybe I need heat. Like, I think I like the heat. All right,
I can understand that. Yeah, my buddy is planning to get married um around this time next year and we're already like, okay, everybody like, start saving now, like hopefully by then we'll be able to decipher reel it and I'm
like how I can get my work to let me take a whole week off, which is as a teacher, like you're not allowed to in the school year to take time off. I mean you could but like please don't like no one, like maybe if you get married that you know you can but like just just do it in the summer, whatever it is, like please plan. But I'm like I might bag and be like just let me go, like last year was crazy. Everything's been crazy like let's do this. Uh huh.
I think we all do. Yeah, I think course. Yeah. Oh.
What?
But yeah, so my new thing has been biking and that whole like try to get a bike thing. I don't know if you heard about how hard it is with all this. Everybody went bought a bike. Um
It was kind of crazy. Um And I we went to that thing, I was like, should I buy a hot tub? The answer's no,
I shouldn't.
I but I like I love like, you know, he's getting Airbnb and there's a hard time and I'm so glad you take care of this because I don't want it, but like for three days I want that. Yeah, so I bought a bike and I've been biking to work and I'm trying to like, make that a part of my life and maybe one day get rid of my car because I bought a Chevy and I will never buy another Chevy. Uh I think their trucks might be okay, but they're small cars like I think that's or about as a company and I was like, I'll buy a Toyota, I want to be cool. And by Chevy and it's a very pretty car, or at least it was five years ago. And now I'm like, I don't like paying for this anymore and I don't want a new car. And I'd like the idea of driving around and something that costs a lot less money than a car and if it breaks, it gets hit. I don't care. I can get a new one. And so I don't know, I've been biking to work most days and the winter is coming and I'm trying to see if I can get enough winter clothes and special bike clothes and whatever else I'm uh not free. You know, we'll see what happens this year if I can actually get rid of the car or not. Instead of a that's my new crazy hobby. Yeah. Did
you?
One month?
Yeah. Well you probably have a crew. Yeah.
That's
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When I heard it back into work, like in like Baltimore city is a wonderful city. There are some really nice places in Baltimore city, but drivers here like to drive and they do not care about bikes and there's not been a lot of bike infrastructure and there are some bike lanes, but I like don't want to go on some of them because it's like a 30 35 on our road. And like I'm not that fast. Um And so I
love
always route and my wife is like, do not get hit like isn't it like no, you're not allowed to get hit, gonna work like none of that. And so I'm like, like in all these little roads because I'm not willing to go on big stuff, yeah, traffic. You really have to keep your head on a swivel and that's a bummer. But find cool spots. I mean, where I grew up in a much more quiet area, much more sub suburban and totally the opposite, totally fine powering it is. I mean, I think about like when I was like 16 or 17, your bike is like, I can actually go places like I want that in the car. Uh huh. Oh yeah, that's cool. That's really fun. I've always wondered about those balance bikes. I have a nephew still too little for one, you know, like about to be three. Like, no, we're not there yet. Uh huh
what?
that's so cool. I mean, I I have a very strong sense memory of
when
my dad first told me like, you are like, he like pushed me without the training wheels, He's like, once I fell over, he's like, you got to like do it, like you just got to do, and I'm just like, okay. And it wasn't, it's not like an awful painful memory, but it's very much just like, that was a tough day, like not a bad day because you get it. It's like, oh my God, this is the real deal happening. Yeah. That's cool. That's really cool.
Did you guys pick up, pick up any crazy hobbies you had to deal with being stuck in the house?
Cool. Yeah. I always wish I started trying to serve earlier. I got to try it a few times when I was 18 and I was like, this is cool, terrible at this. I wish this any time when I was younger um that's fine. Yeah, boogie boarding school. I used to love that too, darling
and
Cool and terrifying. I think I would be standing next to him freaking out. That's funny before. Uh huh. Yeah.
Who? That's fine. Yeah. We like my wife, you ever see those diamond paintings? Do those
ever make it make it to your world? I think they were like one of these like pop hits that showed up in the like the various graders, but probably more girls. Um
you like, like put a little bit of like this special blue that comes with it and then you put a little bit of you like tap down this like fake diamond, then you put it on and it's like they're all different colors and so you have like, you know some famous painting and just like painting it with diamonds and something shiny. My wife got one of the my kids do that and I was like one of ours like all right, it's day. I'm not telling the days anymore about this off amazon, I'm doing it good for you. Like what? We're stuck in a out?
okay, that was very cool. Yeah, I'm always looking for something for the kids because you know every avenue to make them happy. That's cool. Uh
Um Do anything do anything play games, are they into that?
What?
Oh wow, that's
all
what?
Yeah, that's a lot. I I was never great in sports and I think I dropped out around that age too, I'm like yeah, ok, this is no longer about a bunch of guys getting together and like run around trying to get some good exercise. Is it? All right? I like have a good day.
Or?
What
right on. Yeah. One of my my Good Boy Scout buddies used to do fencing and I was always, what is this crazy world? Whenever he would like, I was just like, that's so odd. It sounds cool. But also like what in the world did you get yourself into Rock on? That's your thing. Individual sports. I feel like you're cool because they might be less competitive. You know, like you're more likely to play someone in your similar level, you're just be able to put really, you're like, how good am I doing today? Like a little less of that, like am I good in the room? Am I? But
that's cool. That's cool. Yeah, I really like the why we joined the y this year for the first time ever. I mean my wife and I was like, what? What took us so long? It's a nice place. I was very sad when they had to close. Yeah. Yeah.
wow. I like I am so of two minds. Like it's so, it's so hard. Like I've seen my mom twice and she's only a 35 minute ride from me and it's like I am just, I work with a lot of kids mom like I don't want to be near you. Like I work with a lot of kids and she allowed this word that I am, which I guess makes sense. I don't know, maybe I'm too worried. But
What?
One of things that's been really cool my schools, every kid has to wear a mask. Every adult asked all the time and we only eat outside and they drink their indoors like they'll go like this and there may be good everyone from kettle forgetting that, wow. You know, with the mascot, But they're pretty good a second grader first or even a kindergartener, even a pre check it out. They can keep the mask on. It's not a big deal, you know, because you will wear it and we will love it. And then the kids go, we will wear it. We were like, you know, see whatever you want to unite kids. Nice. And we haven't had so far, we haven't had any problems. Okay.
Very cool. Those are awesome.
That,
yeah, that's great. I'm just glad that like the child
care like a really young stuff for the most part, it's been fine where I'm at like they, you know, they
were close to three weeks and then they're like, all right, we figured out our protocols. Like these kids got kids like it's good for them. This is safe or at least safe enough as safe as we can make it. And it just pretty good. Yeah. My
school has like a little what they call it, the the literal schools, what they call it. Um And that's been good. Yeah. Yeah. They only closed for two weeks in March and then they were back. I was like, all right, here's what we changed. It's fine. They've been they've been running since, Yes.
Work.
Who?
Yeah. That's so tough. I really go for these kids. Right?
Oh, Madonna.
Come on. Yeah,
wow. I'm kind of jealous. Sounds like you have like a beautiful full house. That's so wonderful.
And for that. That's that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. We got the cat, we got me and my wife where it's a little quieter. I got a roommate too which is nice. We're good little quiet. That were quiet house. It's pretty quiet here. Sometimes you can use a little bit more worse. Yeah.
What?
that stuck with me. That's cool. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm mm.
No they totally do it. What is it at 6 27? When did we start? We started out on time.
and so. Oh I see and I oh my goodness. It's a nice looking. I I thought just a little bit. Yeah.
gone. Well I guess then I should say bye. Thank you so much for chatting. This was fun. Yeah. Yeah all the best wishes. I hope
you have a
good winner. And all those things
cheers.
I know