Uh huh. Thanks God. Oh yeah. Okay. If he can be a failure. What? Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, Another world? Yes. Right. Yeah. Well, okay. No, that's crazy. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yes.
Hi, how are you?
where you at?
I'm
actually, I live in in texas now, but I'm originally from Arizona. Oh, mirage.
Okay.
Like right. On. Do you? No more surprises? It's right under surprise. Yeah.
Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. We're we're in Arizona. Do you live?
Okay, That's cool.
And
yeah, they have that that summer. He like how it's like deadly until midnight. Like
I can't do that.
my God. Yeah,
like Arizona, he, it is hot but it's, you can bear the higher temperatures because it doesn't have that humidity, but that humidity, boy cheese. It does suck.
Right. That's so true. That's so funny. Can I ask you a quick question? Okay. So I didn't want to do it before we chatted at least for a second because I didn't want you to think like, is this lady a perv or something? But do you mind if I lay down while we chat? Because I have chronic pain and
because I was like, you know, like it might be creepy if she's like, whoa, like does she have pants on or don't, like, why is she laying down?
Yeah. Oh man. So what do you do for a living?
Your mom?
One.
I was gonna ask like, is it mostly old people?
wow. Yeah. And when I think of like salsa, I think of um along came Polly,
The, it's in like early 2000s movie with Ben Stiller and, and oh jeez, who's the girl jennifer Aniston? I think it was. Yeah. And he was like, like, I think he worked in like marketing or something and he was real nerdy and like just real cautious and stuff like that and she was like, you know, I just kind of lived by the seat of my pants, you know? And and she did salsa and she took him to an indian restaurant for the first time. He got like hardcore diarrhea in her apartment like.
All
one
you
don't
Yeah, that's so funny. But yeah, it's a it's a comedy, it's a really good movie. Yeah.
So what kind of movies do you like? What's your favorite genre or have you seen anything new?
I've heard of that title.
everyone's seen it. Yeah.
Uh It depends on the time, like I go through phases um where I like watch lots of horror movies or anything horror related lately or like the most recent new movie I saw was just yesterday and um my husband and I had watched it together, we watched anime and it was the I don't know if you've heard of My Hero Academia it's like about a whole bunch of superheroes and stuff and and most of them are like high schoolers at this superhero academy blah blah blah. And at the end it's these two guys that like it's they're constantly like trying to be number one you know and one of them is always angry and just you know like mad at the world and stuff and the other one he's like a really good superhero and and you know he just has a heart of gold and stuff and so there you know always going back and forth kind of and in the movie at the very end they like put all their differences aside and like sacrifice their lives and they think they're going to die, you know, to save these like Children and stuff and I'm a big ass cry babies. So like I bawled straight for like the last 15 minutes and after the movie was over, I was like, this is the second saddest movie I've ever seen in my life. Yeah.
Another anime called Grave of the Flyer Fireflies. It's about war times in Japan when we dropped the bombs and stuff. It's it's uh about two Children, like a toddler little girl and her older brother, which he looks like he could only be maybe like 13, 14, something like that. Their parents die. He has to take care of his little sister and you know, do things to survive. And they lived in like this little cave and they, you know, eat off a broken dishes and they're dirty and then at the end they starve to death. Oh my God, I don't even know why I like read the synopsis and then still like told myself. Yeah, watch it like
Right. Oh my God, I will never watch anything like that again. I'm, I will never, I could watch like american war movies, you know, because it's mostly about the fighting or you know like, like adults, like, you know, it's like when something happens to an adult, it's not as sad as when it happens to a kid in the world. So I told myself, I will never watch Japanese wore anything ever again. So
Like I don't know if it's maybe like our subconscious saying like, hey, you haven't had a good cry in a while, you need this, let's let's clear ourselves out.
It
is,
Yeah. Have you speaking to other kids movies that are sad? There are so many sad like animated kids movies, have you ever seen? I think it is, Yeah, it's a Disney movie. Uh mars needs moms, it wasn't that popular like. Oh my God.
Yeah. Yeah. It's on it's on Disney Plus, but it came out a while ago, but oh my God, I cried on that one too. It's self sacrifice that always gets me. Oh.
Which
one?
What? What? I can't
remember.
I get that one. And then like the Justice League mixed up. What what happened in the first one?
Thank
you, wow.
What?
I
know. I know. I think it's because like for me, like that's so rare in real life, you know, like you almost never hear stories, you know, Other than of course, like uh people that go to war and are in the military and stuff like that. But other than that, like you don't see that at home on a daily basis, you know,
I don't, I heard it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I like always heard about how good Grease anatomy was, but I had seen like five episodes total of house and I do this so I probably can't do that. Yeah.
It's depressing like. Yeah, because I've only watched like five episodes and like an example, one episode was these kids had this like different kids, different families know like common like, you know, problem or whatever. Um Well not problem, but like it's not like they went to the same school, they didn't know each other blah blah, just separate families. It was like five different kids. They all had this mystery disease that was causing them to die. And in the midst of dying house wanted to try a treatment that if it worked it worked. But if it didn't work and they didn't have what he thought they did they would for sure die and they would die faster. So he did like an experiment which is once again kids you know and and I think like two out of three of the kids that he did the experiment on died you know because he was wrong but he tried to guess but then of course that helped him figure out what it actually was and he saved the other three but like Still three out of five kids isn't good enough you know like
very
very true that dilemma I get stressed out. Easy
prices.
I just like medical
shows
in
big story.
Thanks.
I mean, I think another reason to, as I know shows like that like you said are meant to be dramas. So you know, a lot of sad things are going to happen and especially when it comes to medical stuff I'm extra sensitive to because I have a lot of health problems. So it's like any time I see anyone with any type of health problem, it's just like I can relate, I feel your pain. I can feel empathy, you know? So it just makes me like extra sad. Yeah.
Enough about Debbie Downer stuff. Sorry,
don't don't do it to yourself.
Yeah. Oh my God. And then it's like the next time like your friend or something, it's like, man, you know that test at school or a student that tests at school was hard? Like you don't know what hard is, Have you seen this money? Oh my gosh, that's funny. So what subjects do you teach?
come
on.
You said? I'm sorry. Did you say YouTube 7th and 8th grade or something or
high
school?
And, and I don't remember, What do you, what kind of math do you learn at that age?
Okay. Man letters
and math.
Oh, I remember these words but I don't remember the definitions. Yeah.
Everything.
What?
Meaning.
Now that you say it, like I remember seeing the equation, like you said the over the two A and then the triangle.
I
don't know.
Hey
I know. That's so crazy. Yeah.
tell
me.
Yeah. That's so weird like why do I remember this? Why will I never forget this one moment that means nothing and has no point like but I'll never forget it. That's so strange. Yeah my uh my husband oh God his long term and short term memory kill me. He can't tell me like what I said two minutes ago in a conversation but he can tell me a full scene like quote a full scene from a movie. He saw one time that he was like falling in and out of sleep during three years ago. Oh he's obsessed with movies. It's I don't think it's human like it's a little like
that's
true.
Well, so oh
that the world man is such a mystery. Uh huh,
thank
you.
No.
no.
Before
thank you.
that
is so true. Ah that was bravo because you just really got me like oh yes, man, like I'm I feel like all of us, we were all, yeah, not all most people searched for the purpose of life, you know, and there is no purpose. We just we're learning, you know, and and collect as much knowledge as you can always be open, you know? And like you said, I always feel like We know nothing man. When I was a teenager, I thought I was, you couldn't tell me anything, no, nothing. I know you're 98, but you still know nothing and I'll teach you something, you know,
I
was just
so full of myself,
you
know?
It's
amazing.
What?
hmm.
Hopefully.
Thank
you.
What?
here.
Do
you
know my credentials like?
You
just,
you
just
put
up.
hmm.
Hold it.
Thank
you.
You're
looking at?
So,
Well,
So
now,
That's so crazy. One of the first things that taught me that we know nothing and when my first job and and several jobs throughout my life I've been a caregiver either for disabled people, whether it be mentally, physically whatnot or the elderly. The last caregiving job I did was that an assisted living facility? So there, you know, other than like if someone has like um Alzheimer's or you know, whatever form of dementia, um all these people are mentally capable. They've lived life, they've learned their lessons or or they've at least been shown the lessons, you know, and and they've come to this point, that place really taught me that unless you're willing to learn, no matter how old you are, you can be an old fool and then childish, older people can be very childish and petty and full of gossip and uh two
thanks.
Very true. Yes, So, so true. I always tell my kids, I mean they're they're babies still there only five and six. But one thing that I make sure that I do that my mom never did was admit that I'm wrong when I know that I've been showing that I'm wrong. And I always tell my kids like, I don't know everything, you know? And if I don't know and you're asking me, let's look it up together. Let's both learn something new, you know, like crazy.
Somebody.
Which
is
it?
Shit.
got
it.
I'm
more
walls.
What
dress?
we're
running.
Isn't it sad that they're shocked that you're being vulnerable? That's sad.
No. Okay.
I really enjoyed ted talks especially, yeah, stuff like that. Yeah,
I'm all for therapy and and Yes. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. This
isn't
such an enjoyable conversation. I
feel like, you know, I'm very much a shut in and so I don't talk to people too often. And so it's like I almost, it's so rare for me to talk to someone that just, it's so relatable and I could be deep and, and honest with thanks.
Yeah, absolutely. This has been fun and best of wishes. I hope, you know, the kids learn from you. I hope they especially the vulnerability, you know, that will take them far, you know, but you're really cool.
We'll burn a B B R E N A right?
Oh, B R E N E
wow, University of Houston, Right?
okay podcast and take talks. Okay. I will work Sure.
All
Thanks so much. You have a good one to already
see you.