Hello.
Um I'm good, a little tired and there
I'm in Arizona. Um Southern Arizona. So we don't do daylight savings time. But somehow I still feel like everything's different now and just
like
Oh where
is that?
it's like, yeah,
I live in Tucson.
Yeah. Yeah. It's very fun. Really
hot. Not right now. Really nice. Right?
Hey.
Well yeah, I didn't think I could either, but I was in Dallas for about a week, a month ago and it wasn't, it wasn't even hot. It was so pretty, the weather was great but it was so humid and it only rained, it only drizzled like one day and my head was like for three days it was just like exploding. I was taking like six ibuprofen every three hours. It was awful. Um
Yeah.
I mean it never goes away. Like even at like four in the morning, four in the morning is like the most humid time in the midwest south. And I grew up in indiana so like very human and it's just wild and I just love telling people about how like 85 here is just like cold, right? So really pleasant.
No, I don't mind. I hope that your face is still showing, so you still get,
we'll bring you asking, you know, you're good.
Um I'm a grad student and I'm a substitute
teacher. So I have college students and I have seventh grade students. I also teach like in regular times, I teach like I
don't make money off of it, but I also teach a dance class. Like I teach salsa dance. Uh huh. Which is hilarious because I'm not that good at it, but it's like really, really easy. Um The stuff, the very specific things that we do is pretty easy, like groups also dancing. So it's really like fun and you get a bunch of old people who have bad and it's just a good time.
Well yeah that kind of dances, but then I go out in town and I go to phoenix for the late night socials and those are a lot of fun and those are not old people, those are young people. Yeah because they go until like 3:00 AM.
What is that?
that sounds accurate for someone's first indian
food experience but much
your beauty too
much. Like
heavy stuff. Yeah
I'll look at it, I wrote it down so I'll check it out.
I have not seen anything new. I think the newest stuff I've watched as like the netflix original movies from about high school romance, like the dumb ones, like a like a um to all the boys I've loved before something. Um
It's cute. Um I don't know, I have like a few favorite movies, it's gonna sound dumb but like I really like The Princess Bride and like my Big Fat greek wedding, not because they're about weddings, but they're both really really funny movies and I think they both kind of like definitely The Princess Bride is coming, like a cult classic, I'm convinced,
I don't remember like due to watch like one of my friend's dads to watch it and he's like about princesses, I'm like no not really. Um Yeah, so I I don't know, I'm not a big movie person like yeah watch
What's the status movie?
like maybe you needed a good cry.
I'm I watched the boy in the striped pajamas right and all this is like why did I do this? I knew what was gonna happen. And then I looked at the synopsis to and then I still and I'm like why would I do that?
Yeah. I'm like, I don't know. There's a number of movies like inside out I think is really sad. Like the cartoon with all the it's like really sad
and I just
it just it's so easy to cry about stuff that gets really personal. Not personal.
Probably a Disney plus.
Yeah. Like I don't know what what's another movie with uh Wonder
Woman?
The new one. Not the second the first one.
You
know? You know
um she lives on the island with the amazons and then like chris pine comes in on a boat. The nazis. And the end of that is uh like he flies
off on this
like plain with a bombing that like
has all this like poison gas and he's like style sacrifice death. Like I can't it's
just too much.
Do you watch Grey's Anatomy?
It's a wild ride. It's absurd. I got sucked into it like somewhere between season 11 and 12 and now I'm just like completely hooked. But I was gonna say like that's one of those shows where so much happens and it's such a drama that I'm like there's no way this could happen to like there's a few people in the world go through like that much out all at once but just like everybody goes through everything all the time. And I'm like there are people whose lives are pretty pretty stable. They're not ended on T. V. Because it doesn't make good tv. But I was gonna say there's a character who like sacrifices his life like a main character. Obviously they kind of write him out in like a glory way but it was still like you never see that.
Why your house? What's what what why can't you do house?
Yeah. Yeah. But if he did nothing it would
have been zero out of five.
Yeah. No, I get
it. I'm local parks isn't really like, that show is supposed to be like cringe. E I think in a way where you're like how is someone like such a psychopath? Like you like this like Great Greys isn't like that grazes like they're all like wholesome good people with families and like they're all like in touch with the real world most. But yeah, and and like I would say houses more for like the nerds, like the science nerds who are like what a puzzle and like medical people and then grazes like mainstream like
we
stopped
them on
like, like lifetimes
for, it's really cooperating but it's also really stressful sometimes. Like I cry a lot and it's just too much. Um
Yeah.
Okay. I didn't cry. I'm going to watch all of these sad news,
all of wine, all one wine just like go into that rabbit hole of sadness and never come.
So at the university I teach statistics and then I sub like everything with kids,
but
right now I'm doing a like a long term math position. Mhm.
Its
7th
back right now. Mhm
Oh Seth great. It's a lot of like pre algebra and algebra. Yeah.
Took
and horrors and like inequalities and like they're just starting to learn like although like quadrilateral quadratic quadratic equation.
All I, all I know is I'm
remembering the quadratic equation
but I don't remember why it's useful. It's X. Equals negative B. Plus or my O. X. Equals negative B plus or minus square to b squared minus four A. C. Over two A. And you use it with a triangle and you're supposed to get something out of it and I don't know what that is but you're supposed to get something like it's been a while right? And it's
been 12 years for me since I took the seventh grade math. So I don't and you don't use it in statistics so why would I know it? Yeah
there was like there's like a song to it right? And like remember it's like the XC goals negative B plus or minus square or a C. All over two. I don't know what that song is but like
Just
that I'm gonna be like 98 you
know forget everything I've ever learned. And I'll be like I remember the quadratic equation and random verb endings in latin from like 55 8 like 70 years ago and it's going to be like people know that you remember that stuff like they forget the context but I remember the facts.
long term versus short term memory. Like I can't remember what I ate for breakfast but I remember stuff from
so long ago. Even stuff
was informative. Like you remember important memories but then I remember random stuff random days in math class that didn't matter and I remember those.
yeah I think there are people who have like very strong hobby and then I'm just like a consumer of everything. Like I like most music like most movies I like most things like all food for sure. Like I don't have any like major takes but long term and short term memory. I don't know. They're they're pretty different and I think we like we must throw them differently right? Like our long term memory we must put some more special whatever that means right? You must keep that for the long term thinking it's going to be useful. But if there's also stuff we probably try to remember and then you can't and then it becomes short term
memory and it goes a role.
I don't know. That's that's like the those are puzzles for like like cognitive science and psychology. I don't know enough about that. Um
you. You know.
How much stuff we don't know. My friend was talking about that the other day. She's like she's like now
with everything
slowing down and a lot more time on like the internet like there's so much I don't know about. I'm like oh yeah, like I don't know uh there's a lot of stuff that we that we don't know very much about. But I remember being a kid
and thinking like I'm gonna learn facts and then I'm going to get an A on my test and that's like success. Um Like then I went to college and it was like, well what's the answer? And they're like, we don't know, we're just figuring it out what okay. And then I got to go to school and I was like, what's the answer? And not like it's your job to figure out. I was like, great, great. And then you get your PhD and it's like the act like, you know, I would say like high school senior I know everything and I'm going to solve problems. And then like a person with PhD is like, I know so much about one tiny thing and we'll be useful one day for somebody else like that. You just don't know anything. And that's what I tell my friends who aren't like I'm in a PhD program and I tell my friends who aren't in grad school and like,
let's say, you know, someone smart,
if they're like, I don't know about this, and I'm gonna look up, look it up and get back to, that's who you want to work at your company, that's who you want. Like, I don't know anything about python I do, but like, I don't know anything about this programming
language. Let me look into it versus the person is like, I know everything about it because you can't you can't you can easily fail if you set yourself up with, I know everything, but if you set you up with, I only know a little bit, let me learn more, that will always be true.
So.
And
same exact
thing
I
heard
my
friend,
you know, you heard the like it's not about the destination, it's about the journey. Um you know, and I had a friend be like, she's like, I don't even think there is a destination,
it's all a journey.
And and so like yeah, obviously if you're a doctor and you're performing surgery, you need to know facts to do surgery. But also, I, you know if you have 22 candidates, you know to politicians, two doctors, two lawyers to anything to teachers, one person has a higher grade
and the other person is more like successful in
real
life, almost always want the person who is more successful in real life. You
want the doctor who's like, I don't know how to solve this, but I'm going to figure it out. I'm going to consult versus
versus the doctor who is like, I have solved like I can cure anything. I am perfect because that person
when
they
yeah, those, those people won't listen. Yeah, it's something like, I've also heard like when you go into like a boardroom or something, I'm not in business, but like when you go
into like
a room of
important
people,
like
you always, like, you want to look for the person who thinks they're the dumbest in the room, that's going to be a super humble, hardworking person, right?
And it's never going to be the like big shot, like, I know what I'm doing, I'm perfect and I can't possibly change think about this with students, right? Like I get students, seventh graders, 19 year olds who are like,
they'll lie
to
me and like, I call them out in a blatant lie. But like, I didn't get, I didn't see that on her course, say, and I'm like, don't lie. Like you're not disappointing me by saying, Hey, I messed up. Can I get extension? Yeah, a job or you work in a company or you have a boss or anything, you're on your own, you're your own boss. If you mess up, you take responsibility
and you move on.
I'm not here to punish you. I'm not here to like make you feel bad and cry. You're like, hey, like if you're like college students
that like lie to me and I'm like, just say, hey, I was having struck the week, can I take my examined a later? Sure.
But like they go through these like gymnastics to like lie to me about not getting an email.
And I'm like, don't why
are you, why are you doing that? Just be responsible? And it's stuff that you don't know everything.
And then young
people can be wise.
My mom lives, my mom works in an assisted living place. She's a sienna. Uh and so she has been and she's like, has worked in hospitals before with various ages of people and she's always telling me the wisdom that the people tell her. Uh but I also like, I've seen that or like I go in and like, like at some point they're just like really old and they have dementia and you can tell that it's dementia, but even some of the ones like they're just like so stubborn
and I just have like, they need you to hear it. And I'm like, I appreciate your wisdom, but I also live my life and I know what I have to go right. I think it's like all about adapting and I was telling myself not about what do I do, How do I do
this?
Like
how do I get do this right? Because everything is a gradient, right? Everything is a spectrum, the amount of
people who are radically on the left or the right people who are radically atheist and radically called religious very small. Most people are in the middle of everything, Most people just like they're in the middle, but the other side will use like tactics of like they're so different than you and they're wrong
and they create this opposition. But it's really just like
knowing where to be on a particular
issue
in a moment
and then knowing
how to say, you know what I was presented with new information, I'm going to put my opinion
that's like mind blowing. Like there so many people who don't can't do that because that kind of vulnerability which some people think is weakness to be like, I was wrong and I didn't know, but I love Bernie Brown and so on. All I do is listen to like therapy podcasts or burn a Brown is like, vulnerability is strength and courage and like admitting you're wrong. And I'm like, yep, that's what I do. So like, I tell all my students of all ages and like they're like, what does this mean? I have no idea, I'll look it up for you, let's learn it together and then
you get,
you don't know, aren't you the teacher? I'm like so
yeah. Do you do you know about Renee Brown?
you should look her up, it's B R E N E Brown and she's like a she's like a she's a PhD in social work. She actually works at University of Houston. I think we're in Houston. She lives in Houston and so she's been on like Oprah podcasts and she's done ted talks and like, I think you'd really like her stuff. Come on.
The firewood.
old friends
all
over.
I
of course. This is really fun. Thank you for the movie recommendations.
Thank you. We really look at Bernie Brown for sure.
Who are you any
when Abram,
I'm not sure her name is really popular. You look it up. She'll be yeah.
awesome. We'll
have a great night and I hope you're back. Pain goes away.
thanks.