Hello? Okay. Hi.
There I am. All right. Yeah, I had some last minute technical problems. So I'm having to use my phone and its battery is bad, so it's going to run out. I can do that and you can see me better. But I'm gonna get my glasses on then. I can see you. So yeah, I'm dealing with the technical difficulties here and probably will have more of them.
Hopefully.
Well, I'm on my phone because my computer. So this is the problem I had is my computer just uh it won't charge suddenly. You know, it's a new computer, so I don't know what's up with it, but it's not charging
so
the battery is dead and I don't know what to do about it. Yeah.
I guess so. I got it from amazon though. It means I'd have to send it back. So uh
Yeah, I am sonny.
I'm in New Jersey.
Where is that?
Okay.
Not really, but I don't know where florida is, but I've heard of Jacksonville, I don't know which side of the state it's on or north or south or anything, so.
Oh, do you like living there? Oh,
good,
good. Yeah. Yeah, I see you have a tan, so that's good. I don't have any kind of tans.
I don't much like being in the sun, I'm sort of an indoor person, you know, so I don't I take my walks outside, but other than that I stay inside a lot, so Yeah.
it
is.
Absolutely, absolutely.
not entirely, but mostly like we're getting there, I think we're one of the last states because you know, it was pretty bad here in new york and New Jersey and stuff and so everyone's been really cautious, so um it's slow, but uh I can finally, I just this week, like they opened hair salons, like, and I still have my covid hair, which is why I have this scarf on my head because you know, my hair is just like this insane mess. So, but I'm waiting to go get it cut. So
they have, Yeah.
So
you
Well, yeah, I mean it's a difficult, you know, difficult decision to make for for people and I mean, I think, yeah, it's a mistake, but also you can't really stay closed forever. So, uh,
and it's, you know, the fault of whoever that didn't get the systems in place so that we could track this and deal with outbreaks. So, and it's just not happening. And so
no, you're right. You're banned from New Jersey. Not that you're missing out on much. Okay. I think we got the raw end of that deal.
It's
not my favorite put
world.
It's like central is a central part of this day and time. Pretty much right, smack in the middle sort of near Princeton in New Brunswick. I tell you the name of the town, but you've never heard of it. So it wasn't, you know? Yeah. So uh yeah,
I have never done this before now. No. Have you?
Talk to somebody. Right.
know, I had no idea. You know, who was going to be on the other end of this. So it's sort of like a surprise, you know? Yeah, it's kind of fun.
Uh well, not a whole lot uh sort of not working right now so much. I'm looking for work and but I've basically been cooking a lot and uh taking care I've been growing herbs and things so
and tomatoes for the first time, kind of all the herbs I've grown before, but tomatoes are new in pots because I don't have any place to plant other than pot, so and they were looking really good. So I'm very excited about my little tomatoes, It's kind of my hobby.
yeah,
The US.
Great.
yes, mitch I would think would be hard. I don't even try planning spinach in the middle of summer. I wait till the fall. I think I'm gonna try some in the fall. I did try some lettuce but supposedly it's not good for lettuce either. So we'll see.
Yeah.
Did you did you get any tomatoes or?
It did.
Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
my
my main concern has been trying to keep the we have this groundhog that lives on the property and it keeps getting like it ate all my personally until you know because it climbs up onto the deck and it gets into the pots and eats like the tender herbs. You know like it doesn't eat the rosemary, it doesn't eat the mint because those are too strong but it eats the parsley in the deal. So I'm trying to figure out a way to keep you know the groundhog from coming into my little patch my little pots and eating all my stuff. So I'm going to I don't know I have this plan for rigging up chicken wire around my things and
yeah I hope so. I hope so. They didn't have the right chicken wire when I went to the I went there today to get some they didn't have the right thing but um we'll see what I can do.
we'll make it up as you go along. I think I'll try to make some bread today. Okay. You know?
Right. Did you did you start anything completely unexpected?
What's
the
outdoor stuff?
What kind of work do you do?
Wait
Right. Right. Right, sure
It seems like if you could leave the windows open, you know, you'd be much better off of being a train that plane. Think about it, we just have the windows open. Have all that air flowing through, you know, all the virus would blow away. You'd be fun.
Uh Yeah, I guess I'm thinking about the past
sold drains. Right. Right.
Yeah, that's too bad.
All that everybody breathing together. It makes you think, you know like all the breath you've been breathing of everyone else all this time. I never really thought twice about it and now you're like that's
kind
of
it doesn't. Yes.
Okay.
Right. Do you have restaurants there that have been open and stuff
like outdoors and stuff?
You can eat us?
Yeah. Yeah, I I agree. I mean I miss being able to go out there you know and we don't have a lot of outdoor dining here for some reason you think I mean it's warm enough you think they would have more but there just isn't a lot of it but it's kind of too bad because I like eating outdoors, you know like I would do that, I would go sit outside but it's still really not kind of not fair to the servers and the people in the kitchen, you know, they're the ones who are constantly in contact with people, so.
All
these
people.
Right. They don't wear masks so they don't wear them. Right. I know, it's crazy.
I want to hear everybody wears masks.
Ah It's really bad.
It's
bad.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't really understand people. I mean, you know, everybody's made this into some kind of partisan issue. I'm like, it's not this is like your health, this is everybody's health. You know, if nothing else can we not care about people's health, you know, can we just do that one thing as as a country?
I don't get it.
Yeah. We could go there, but let's not I don't want to start ranting, which is what I will end up doing if we go too far down the big T direction.
Are you?
I I don't understand who does at this point, but I know there are still people that
Yeah. Uh huh.
I don't get it at all, I never have, you know, I'm definitely not a Republican, definitely a democrat, you know, only because that's the left most authority that we really have, it's gotta d influence so you know, I'm waiting to left so
so
Hopefully. Yeah. Yeah exactly,
I
just feel like we're just all sort of like hanging on and waiting for it to be over, you know, so hopefully he'll be gone.
Okay. I knew it was in florida, I didn't know it was in Jacksonville.
Yeah. Well what are you going to do?
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder how that's gonna, you know, I think about all these people who supported trump over these four or five years whatever and and I wonder how their lives are going to be affected political, you know, as politicians or whatever they do. Uh you know how it's going to affect them for better or worse?
I hope so because they deserve it as far as I'm concerned, you know what, maybe this is a little bit vengeful, but I want to see these people who put everybody at risk and the country at risk and who are very undemocratic, A lot of them, I want to see them pay for what they've done all of them,
you know,
at least by losing their influence if
nothing
else.
Or money because a lot of them are so corrupt, it's just insane, you know?
wow.
You're gonna have to like hide from the yeah. From the crazies you come into town,
Right. Right. Right. Well, you know, if you're wearing your mask and staying apart from people as much as possible, you'll probably be okay.
Well, I know, I know and it doesn't help you so much. I mean you're wearing, it helps some, but it's not the same as having everybody wear it. I know. Yeah,
Yeah. I never, like I said, I'm sort of an indoor person and go out much. But one of the things I had started doing right before all this happened was there's this bar near me and I started going up, okay, so
I had cancer. I had cancer like a year and like I just sort of got done with it all like six months ago. But so in that short period of time, right before the coronavirus came I started going out again to this one bar like once a week. And uh and that's the only thing I actually miss about being able, you know it's like being able to just go to because I got to know this bartender and she she had had cancer, so we would sit there and talk about you know having cancer and it was just like it was sort of like being able to connect with people again after you've been sort of stuck in a bad situation for so long, you know, so I sort of missed that, so I'm hoping someday I get to do that again.
Not really, it wasn't that kind of relationship really and you know it all sort of happened, it's just sort of closed, you know suddenly and I don't know, you know what happened to her and what not. So um I know the restaurant cause it's part of a restaurant, the restaurants open, but I don't think the bar is open, so.
Yeah.
Right. I know, we're going to see like people sitting like 66 booths in between, you know, like or six bar stools between each person, you know, shouting to each other at the bar.
No.
Uh Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean bars, you know, they've got to be kind of hotbeds because everybody's moving around there mingling, they're sitting there, click close, you're squeezing in to get your drinks or whatever. It's it's gotta be, it's gotta be even worse than a restaurant really.
yeah, it would be impossible and and a really active bar like I remember from years ago, you know, that would be impossible to do social distancing. You know,
I think more the, the ambience is not quite the same.
Right. Exactly.
Or the dive bar atmosphere, you know at the pool table and the, you know, Yeah.
Oh they will, you know, people who want to be a idiots are going to be idiots, but yeah. Yeah.
Right. I remember that. That was that was even worse. That was like seriously nuts.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well it went on a lot longer here and uh it was definitely more serious I think. I mean it's not like, you know, they were arresting people I don't think for, but nobody went out. I mean, I actually went out close in april I guess. No, I guess well, I'm really bad with time so don't tell me when this was, but early on in the thing and and there's a street near me that's usually pretty busy. I walked into the middle of the street, in the middle of the day when normally they would be way too many cars to even try to cross and I took a picture down both sides and was just empty.
The whole street was just there was just no traffic, no one left, no one went anywhere, you know? So yeah, it was really dead
for a while.
Yeah. I was looking at the government website for New Jersey and that like the county I'm in was like the sixth highest county in New Jersey and you know, that was, you know, we weren't as much as new york, but it was like, we were like New Jersey was like the second highest state in the country for infections because you know, there's so many people that work in new york and live in New Jersey, so there's just that much back and forth all the time. So by the time they found out what was going on, all these people had brought it into New Jersey. So. Yeah.
Well, yeah, because you know, when you've been on chemo, it messes up your immune system. So like, you know, I'm probably more susceptible to it and could have worse effects if if I got it now, I don't have diabetes and have any of that other stuff. So, you know, like I'm not at risk for that and you know, I'm not in that age group where, you know, I'm not elderly, but uh but still I'm probably more of a risk
for getting it
compromised immune system. Yeah.
I have to admit that lately, I like in the last month, even in my mind I sort of slacked off with it. Like I, I actually forgot about it for the most part, like even when I go out, I mean, I have my mask in my bag, so I've always got it with me, you know? But um
but I, I forget until I see someone else wearing a mask, I'm like, oh yeah, I gotta put my mask
on, you
know,
you know, you get deliveries or something and you see the person rushing away the door and I'm like, oh right, that's right, they're not going to wait because now they're gonna not be at the door,
so
yeah, that's what they do, drop and run, so
Yeah, I know, right? I know. I think the first few times when I would go to the grocery store, you know, I'd bring everything home, I'd like wash everything before I brought it in. Like I don't do that anymore because again, you know, partly it's the information that I've gotten is changed. Like at first people are saying, oh, you know, you have to clean everything before you bring in your house and all that and then they're like, well, you know, surface is not such a big okay. You know, it's not, it's not a big risk for you. You're not going to pick it up from a peach or whatever, it's more just breathing and you know, whatever it is
molecule.
Well, yeah, I mean I guess it's a learn as you go kind of situation, you know, so
Yeah. I mean depending on how long after they did the test, I mean I guess the baby could have picked it up from a medical person or something, but it just seems unlikely. Huh
I know I know I know.
Well no I'm sure they're going to be finding out more for years to come. You know and people will look back and you know have all these it's only they had known or if only we had known this or that or whatever, not done this wrong or Yeah, All you can do, you know Hindsight's 2020. All you can do is figure it out as you go along and try to follow the best the idea that seems like the most credible, you know the information that seems incredible at the time. So let me just check my because
yeah I was checking my battery because my my battery's really old. My phone is really old so my battery runs out like a few minutes.
I
gotta plug in.
Yeah. How much time have we got? I think we're probably getting close.
So
the trouble
is, the link
didn't work on the email they sent me. I don't know, like I couldn't cut and paste at first so I kept trying to do it. So then I was like hand entering the whole long link into the, that was my other technical problems. So the first thing I do is they go in and they say, what mood are you in? I'm like, not a very good one,
thank
you.
It's like everything has gone wrong in the last half hour. I'm trying to deal with this and get onto this thing and not be late. I hate being late and uh okay, but luckily you're a nice person, so it was enjoyable to talk to and I feel much better now, so.
I'm
so not though, I'm like angry all the time, but I just hide it
well,
so
yes, some of the time,
some of it
I'm looking for like something I can do online at home. I I kind of want to just have a mellow time for a while. So I'm looking into some like like I was doing uh online testing for online systems and and you know, helping people test their their functions on there, like, like an ai functions and website functions and things like that. So I was doing that but I kinda want to keep doing that and then also um maybe do like customer service kind of stuff like if I can do texting because I like to write. Um But I don't really want to write articles and things like that because it pays so badly. So I'd like to do like where I can write people like help them with things, you know like like send emails or do texting or whatever. I
just I like. Right. Yeah.
Yeah there's a lot of them actually, so I'm starting to look into that and trying to figure out like like some of it I know you can't see my mouth with um
some of its phone and I don't really like phones, I don't like being on the song. I'm getting
feet
now.
Yeah, there's a lot of that texting and stuff. Yeah.
Right.
Uh No this was a job I had privately with the company, like directly with the company. So it's a um it was like a chat thing and it had an ai on it so yeah
kind
of hard to explain. I tried explaining it to people and it's it doesn't make any sense. But uh Yeah.
They do I like those a lot. I've actually been enjoying them. Yeah.
Well I sort of like half assed was following it for a while, but again I only had the phone and so and so a lot of them
you
can't
use, they want a computer so and then when I had the computer I was able to do a lot more. So, so I've been doing a lot in the last two or three weeks, so but
before that.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's great.
It's
great.
It
adds up after awhile.
It adds up the money. It
adds up.
I'm an angle smile, it's fine with me, you know?
Who are they?
Huh. I didn't know.
Yeah. I'm doing doing one this week that that's every day all week and it's about walking and I had to take a picture of my steps, you know like how many all day?
It reminds you because then you're like oh I'm gonna have to report this. I better go do my walk. So
nice meeting you too.
Thanks. You stay safe in florida
with
could make
it
was very
fun.
so do we just uh is there is the other page still there? Is that what
we
do
or?
No,
no,
I think this went automatically so it should be open. So
well I just clicked on the link so it opens another, I think it opened another type. I'll try going back and see what happens.
All
No no it's fun. I'll do it again
definitely.
That's
definitely. Different from florida. All right well you have a good night.
Thanks take care. Bye.