description. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. True. To be american. Okay. Oh, this is thanks. Okay. But just because it was just like this, this is okay. Yeah. Master. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. The teacher, Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. My wife removing. Go ask your mama. Ok. Because I'm on the phone. Yes. Champion. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. She said, Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Export get it back. Mhm. Mhm. She was, Yeah. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Mhm. Mhm. Was it? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. But yeah. Have a tendency, don't you think? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. If you insist, they just there is no. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No.
I think I can see your, your eyes there. You are.
Oh, I hope not. Hopefully we can get through this then.
Are you on your phone? Are you on your computer?
It's
just
take it back and get another one.
Yeah, they're pretty good. I mean if it's within their however many days they're good about taking back. So good. Well, I'm glad you made it. My name is bob
sunny, nice to meet you. And where were you located? Yeah,
New Jersey. Okay, I'm in florida. I mean Jacksonville florida.
Jacksonville, yep,
you know where that's at? Yeah.
we're more, we're on the east coast of florida and like the northern part of florida. Right on the East coast.
What's
the
you don't get out too much in the sun in New Jersey.
we like to get out and go for walks and actually we just went to the beach on monday. So it was get a nice tan. But we chose monday
because
less people are out and about and in today's world you got to be as safe as you can. So
are you guys open in New Jersey? Um Wide open and everything?
Nice. So they have finally opened those up and
yeah, I got a haircut about a month ago. So it's been open
for
about six weeks. Yeah. Which, which is probably a mistake. So.
No,
and that's why we you know actually, I think you guys were banned from florida a few months ago now. It's the opposite. You got
I was going to say, well we've been to New york during the summer time, but I don't think I've been in too much in New Jersey. Well,
perfect.
What
part of New Jersey are you in?
Um Good mom. I'm glad you know that you were able to make it tonight and have you done this before?
Yes, I've done once before. I think the first time they did it and I thought it was really, really enjoyable just you know, for 25 minutes to sit down and talk to somebody and
you know and get Mhm.
yeah, I don't know what they do with the information or what they disseminate from it, but they don't tell you at the end, they just like, okay, so what do you do in New Jersey? Right.
No.
that's what we did back in March, we started planting a
garden in which we hadn't grown tomatoes before and my wife planted some okra and coke.
Um carrots and spinach
and uh the tomatoes are almost done already because it's too yeah, it's too hot for him here. And the spinach, it was done a couple of weeks ago because it just
yeah we're trying to grow some broccoli and it's not it's doing okay. I don't know if it will make it or not all the way but yes
it's growing.
Oh yeah yeah we got probably
about 15 so far and there's probably another 10 still on there but it's not blooming anymore so I figure it's it's going out you know it's by july yeah it's going to be done it's too hot.
What's the weather
there?
Go ahead.
that would probably work.
So it's something new. It sounds like I think a lot of people that's what they tried now is let's do a little gardening you know?
It's been nice about it is that we have been rather creative and trying to find things to do around the house,
more stuff outdoors yeah you
know
in
you know and cooking a little bit more trying new recipes, you know, stuff like that in between working at home, you know. So I do work from home even before the pandemic. It was that's what I so I was already used to it, so it was no sweat switch. So um
I'm in the railroad work on the railroads uh Derail, I'm a partnership
in a company and we do consulting to the railroads about mechanical maintenance. Mhm. So we worked with Amtrak and a couple of other state railroads and things are a little slow right now because the railroads are still trying to come back, especially in the passenger side, so
but everybody is worried about traveling and how to be safe and so we've been consulting with him on that is how to keep people safe in the proper way disinfecting and yeah trying to get them back you know and it's gonna probably take a year before the public gets back you know it's transportation. Yeah.
Yeah let's see all of our trains don't have windows that open anymore.
Yeah the old ones yes
nowadays they're they're sealed and everything and you know you can't open them so
but yeah I would say it's almost like being on a plane you're in a confined area and uh
yeah that doesn't
sound
very good
Um
uh Yeah so I mean that's like we're trying to think of things to do and you know you don't really want to do anything on the indoors right now we're trying to find something to do on the outdoors but it's too no. Mhm.
Yes we have
are
a lot of them have opened in close they've opened them up for a period of time, but then they had to close them down because their employees have gotten tested positive and they're constantly opening and closing and it's like it does to me it's not very safe to go at this point.
Exactly, and that's the issue that they're running into and some of these owners just said I'm not reopening because I'm putting my workers at risk and you know, it's the public that's not being sensitive to it and do anything about it. And
even the
ones
yeah, the outdoor restaurants, same thing. They were like, you know, it was fine but people still don't social distance and they want this and that and
Yes, there you go in the stores now, I would say maybe 20% of the people wearing masks. Yeah, it's it's
No, so they won't wear them here and that's why today state of Florida recorded 9000 cases. It's like
it's
like
people.
but
no, and it's just it comes down to the leadership that's above, I think it's not. Thank me. Yeah.
yeah. You know, uh you know, I have some good friends and they're, you know, they're actually democrat. I'm a Republican, you know, Go ahead.
Yes, but you know, these last few months, I have gone the other direction. I mean, I'm still a Republican, but I cannot support trump in any way. Mhm. I mean, I just
No, I don't understand. Yeah, there's still people, okay, I can respect that. But me personally, the way I've seen him handled our country and everything, you know, his his mouth and the way he just, the way he's just doing things right now, it's like you're not he's not there for me anymore, you know, it's all about him and his people and Oh.
Mhm.
so I
mean I made my errors of my way and say, you know, I'm sorry in office and I wish there really that somebody else was here to handle it, but you know, only a few more months and he'll be hopefully out down the road.
is
this
yeah. And he's having his big convention here in Jacksonville in august.
Our mayor was stupid and says, you know, hey, I volunteered to bring the coronavirus here and all your people and
but there, he's friends with the governor of florida who's also trump's best friend, gran de Santis is our governor and he is tied with trump like nothing. They're they're they're two peas in a pod. So of course he's done everything that trump wants him to do and he's put our state in the world with hurt right now.
If they don't change their ways and they keep along with him, they're going to go down right with him.
Yeah. I mean,
I am
getting
them
out of office and and let's move somebody that's, you know, as it's the people that you need to worry about, not about, you know, politics. Mhm.
You know how our mayor, he didn't even ask anybody about having the convention here. He just made the decision. He didn't go for the city council anything. He just said we're having it. Mm.
You know, and the governor supports me. So guess what is coming here? It's like really okay, I'm gonna make sure I'm hiding at that. At that time. We're not going out or anything. Mm hmm.
Exactly. Because that's going to bring a lot of I'm glad to see Tulsa wasn't as bad when he did go to Tulsa and he got let down by, you know, very minimal people showed up and you know, have the demonstrations like we expect to have here. Uh, so I'm hoping that will be the same when it happens here. And hopefully he's got to worry about the coronavirus and that's it.
Yeah. But nobody believes in mass. So,
I mean, so when we go out and we always wear a mask, you know, and it's like for for ourselves, but it's for them coming into contact with all day, you know, So, so we do limit our interactions still and that's going to stay that way until things get better. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Are you able to stay in contact with her? You know, even though you're socially isolated?
So maybe once it does open up and go back there and yeah,
just make sure that it's, it's a, that
I don't think they did that here. I think they just
opened up the bars and I think crowding it today, the governor did finally shut the bars down again. He reversed himself and said all the bars are closed now, only if it's in a restaurant, can you go get alcohol? But he says no alcohol sales and bars now.
Okay. I have been in a bar in a long time, so like outside trying to figure out, well how is it any different I guess the younger ones that they're all crowded together, they socially distancing.
So what was what would not stop them from like going to a restaurant then instead, you know, that has a bar,
not like the club Shakespeare or Yeah,
reliance
So they'll find an alternative.
Yeah this was the same governor that during spring break didn't shut down the state of florida because
yeah you know and all the beaches were open impact and everything. I'm not gonna shut down. Yeah
and they, you know they were when the lockdown, you know we were probably like a little over a month on lockdown, you know just you know stay at home orders but there was really no serious lockdown. I don't know if New Jersey were more strict than than here but there was really not that major. Yeah.
Good.
It's up
more serious and you were close to new york. Right, okay. So they took a lot more serious and did they have a lot of infections there?
How vulnerable did you feel? I know it since your cancer survivor did you feel like it was you were more vulnerable than the average person?
Like
compromised immune system.
Yeah. So you have to take, you need to take every precaution you can and when you go out then and do that still. Okay.
Yeah.
You better
put
it on. Yeah.
We're gonna drop and
run.
Like we went to the zoo um last week It actually was open for a couple of weeks with limited uh people in there, which was really nice. But I've never been somewhere where you wash your hands so many times or used hand sanitizer I would say by the end of the day it was like we did it 25 times throughout our visit. You know constantly. It was like is this the new norm?
I know. I wish
they would get their information.
because my wife was telling me that today that there was a lady um that just had a baby and she had tested negative but baby tested positive and I was like yeah I can see what this has got to be rather confusing to them is how does something like that happen? You know she tested negative and it never had it but yet her baby was just born and it's tested positive. It's just like that gives them one to scratch their heads on.
Yeah. I think blood right when they're born, as soon as they're born they start taking doing all that real quick and usually that would already done. And I think it takes what two days before you show any symptoms or get the positive effect from it. I mean I don't know there's always so much different information all the time.
But it's just you see, you hear stuff like that and it just makes you wonder do they really understand fully this virus and I probably not. Right,
You okay on your time
gives
you enough time.
It's okay.
We are pretty close. We're at 9:31. I think you came on right about 905 because I was
I was about going, oh I hope somebody shows up. Trouble
is amazing
work.
No
good
mood now.
you're a very nice person to uh it's not like I'm very happy and jovial person. That
great.
No,
I can't believe that one.
I love it. Uh it's good. You know, he sounds like you're very relaxed, you know, kind of easy going person and you know, uh
most of some of the time, what
was your profession that you're trying to get into now? Yeah.
His name
I was gonna say in their companies that do that kind of stuff where you can get into them and
it's
but
I
was on a lot of them on the computer you know where you can
or like doing the emails and stuff and um
which which one did you use for like for the testing, the Ai testing, have you checked off? Athen? Yeah.
Okay because there is a company
that
yeah because there's a large company that does it all over the world and they do stuff with AI and they do a lot of computer data stuff that they have people workers that do it for them and occasionally I'll do a project here and there for them and just you know because some of them were fun where you like you're trying to help them teach uh ai assistant how to better understand people And so you just re prompts you know like do 200 prompts to it and then you know they record it and then it helps the you know, either Alexa or Google or whoever better understand. You know it's a fun little things. Same with prolific. I like doing prolific because they've got some fun surveys on there sometimes.
How long you been on prolific?
I
want
the computer.
They seemed like they
had a lot
during this you know since the pandemic you know there's been a really an increase. I mean last year was not as much but this year it's just like took off and you know all these universities are growing studies and stuff and
you know
so
you know I'll always love just working on it and you know it's just a little income on the side you know so it's something fun to do so take five minutes doing usually and so how long have you been
on?
What's that?
It
acts exactly, you know it's in some british pounds but you know, hey yeah I just
exactly like you got a little bit of british there you know doing actually. They're Australian is the company.
Yeah it's actually prolific. I don't know why they do it in british but they are an Australian company but um
it's yeah they've they've they've had some good surveys on there and some of them are like a couple weeks long or if you participate in that they can be a couple weeks long and you know somewhere once a week for continuous thing and you know there's one that I'm doing right now, they have one on saturday and they do it, they were doing them every week. Then they come back to like every other week. It's just one day a week. So And they pay halfway decent for it like this one. So they're worth doing
I've done those before. Yes. You know where you record your steps every day and then send it to them and yeah, so you gotta what that's good for you. Make sure you get out there and get some exercise then.
I don't want to see. I only did 2000 steps today. I need to get out there. Uh That's good. But it was nice meeting you. Mhm.
Um You stay safe there in New Jersey and
and I'm glad
to see. I'm glad just you know, came on tonight and you know
it was good. I really enjoyed it. But make sure when I
am
after
this we have to go do this survey again. You know, and they'll ask you how it went and everything. So it was
you
got
to go back
to the other page. Make sure you didn't close the other page. Right? Because that's got the survey
on it after
you're done.
Yeah. You open another tab. Is that what you did? Okay.
Okay. Yeah. And then just do the survey and then that's it. If
it comes around again participate again because see it's not that bad,
you
meet somebody else from, you know, somewhere else in the country. I was wishing
I was, I was hoping to get somebody maybe on the west coast this time because I did when it was last time she was in philadelphia mm And so I was like, I wonder West Coast one. But yeah, it was nice meeting you. I mean like you said, you're in a small area in New Jersey, so it was a thing. And
All right. Stay safe and have a good night.