SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. You're going to say? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the problem. Mhm. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Yes This is I think my 4th one in which a participant has shot up.
SPEAKER_L: And which what, sorry?
SPEAKER_R: This is my 4th 1. So
SPEAKER_L: is my second. So I've been waiting like six times and then most of the time nobody comes. So I'm surprised to see you today. I'm Googling the the Champions League
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: score right now. Barcelona versus buying Munich. I am watching that on my telephone and speaking to you, so, I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: okay that's okay. Yeah for me I think A bunch of as I said it's my 4th one in which someone that showed up. But yeah there have been a bunch in which people haven't showed up so
SPEAKER_L: Where am I speaking to you from?
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I am currently in Alabama usa
SPEAKER_L: oh my God, that sounds awful. I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: I'm in new york city, which is equally awful, but well, sounds like quite as scary as uh like Alabama just sounds really backwards to me. I'm sorry that you're there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean I'm in Birmingham so it's not that bad but yeah from what I've heard and compare it away from what I probably yeah it's it's a much much smaller place.
SPEAKER_L: Have you spent any time in new york?
SPEAKER_R: Yes may not long term but I have traveled there quite a few times like four or five times. So as a you know it's a great uh great port to get out of forget into the country in europe. So yeah like I would generally come there, spend a week or so then take my fight out, do a trip wherever and then come back.
SPEAKER_L: It's uh really, really dead
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: since coronavirus, right? There's homeless people in Times Square, and like there's no tourists anymore. The whole thing is just weird and so like creeped out by all at uh I don't think it's going to get back to normal very quickly. So this is why I say new york is awful. Just as bad as what I imagine Alabama to be right now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of places are shutting down. Of course, Birmingham is a few years or is majority of Birmingham is the city, the city is associated with the university. So, so this week, next week, I think the students come back. Um, it's gonna be a, it's happened about in chaos. They're saying it's a hybrid, but a lot of students have to be on campus. So the city generally dies out over the summer. Any which way is like we have some 20,000 students over here and most of them live along with the faculty and the support stop. So in the summer it's empty, but hopefully in a week's time it will brighten up again, but we don't know and
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I don't know consequences. The writing of the laugh.
SPEAKER_L: what what are you doing in Alabama? What's your, what are you working or?
SPEAKER_R: So I work and I'm also studying in the university. So,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm studying religion science, which is eyes. So I'm trying to get my PhD envision science, but I'm also an optometrist. So I simultaneously work for the optometry school. What? What?
SPEAKER_L: Do you wear glasses or contact lenses or anything?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm currently wearing consequences.
SPEAKER_L: Are you I read on Reddit the other day some like awful story where somebody wiped their eyes and their eyeball burst. Have you ever seen anything gross like that?
SPEAKER_R: No, not,
SPEAKER_L: This is it possible?
SPEAKER_R: not rubbing their eyes like eyes have the most nerve endings. The cornea is the most nerve endings in any part of the body. Uh it's physically impossible to um, you know, rob and enjoy yourself that much.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Thank you because I was reading it just thinking, oh my gosh, I'm never gonna rub my eyes, I'm never gonna touch my eyes again. And then my other question. My other I question but I'm going to ask you because you're in front of me I heard and I feel like it might be true that the light of your eyes are like I've got very blue eyes, the light of your eyes are the less you can handle the sunshine. Like I can't go outside in the sun because I can't see, right? But I I understand like your dark brown eyes, you're better in the sun than I am. I don't know. What do you think?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like authority. I mean it shouldn't make significant difference in your life. Like, you know, work wise and all but the lighter realize are the lesser sense. The more sensitive you are to bright light. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I've always felt like that, but I'm glad to have somebody that's studying this stuff confirm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: So here's a fact. I mean you've got really pretty blue eyes and here's a fact about blue color in nature mostly. Um Just like black is a pigment. Brown is a pigment and that's how the color for that. There is no blue color in Nature Two. The Nature did not like we did not evolve to form blue color because the seas used to reflect all the blue light away. So from an evolutionary point of view, we never had any way or no life form has developed a pigment where they can actually develop blue pigment. So the blue color that we see is just the arrangement of the cells. So the cells are arranged in such a way and so intricately that it reflects blue light and everything else gets absorbed. So even like the blue butterflies um there is no blue color. You could drop their wings and you would not get any blue color on your fingers or anything. It's just how the cells are arranged.
SPEAKER_L: so if you cut your eye in half you would see the brown. But if you cut your up my eye in half you wouldn't see the blue. Is that what you're telling me?
SPEAKER_R: If you if you differentiate single layers. Yeah, you wouldn't see w but in my
SPEAKER_L: How?
SPEAKER_R: case you would see the brown spots. So you know under a microscope I would see the pigment. But in my under microscope yours would not have a pigment.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's just something else fascinating that have led
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: today.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like blown away. That's awesome. Nice. How long
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: have you been in this stuff are
SPEAKER_R: but how long have I? What?
SPEAKER_L: I'll be studying um eyes and vision and all this stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So my parents both our optometrist. So in a way growing up was a lot of it was you know, discussion
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: about.
SPEAKER_L: did you want to be an optometrist or did your parents tell you this is what you have to be?
SPEAKER_R: It was the second one. They were like you have to be authorities but I've been officially um in the program and starting all of this since 2012. So 18.
SPEAKER_L: shit. Still?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean not in this one particular program. I finished my authority that I was working for your uh like I was teaching and then then I came down here to do my PhD
SPEAKER_L: Well if your parents had no control
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: over your career path, what would you like to be in? You know, outside of optometry, what would you choose for yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I mean currently I feel super happy but eight years ago I would have chosen medicine so
SPEAKER_L: The whole body, it's not
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: just the okay, what's the same path? Right. I thought you would have said something ridiculous like football, you know?
SPEAKER_R: no, it was always biology for me and I was, it was, it was always like my parents are like okay if you want, if you want to study, we are going to fund your studies, if you do optometry. Um but you need to figure your own way out our own way to find yourself. If you're planning to do medicine, I'm like fine, I need the money more like americans also super expensive. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe you into it. All right, this is this doesn't feel nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But then I think I was more interested in research. Even if I would have gone under medicine, I would have done research and where I found like after I finish optometry, I was like okay now I'm going to find a way to find myself basically work and Cherie at the same time so that's how I got to appear to envision science.
SPEAKER_L: wow, wow. I don't think I've ever spoken to somebody as clever as you, so I congratulate them. No,
SPEAKER_R: What do you
SPEAKER_L: I make television, I write television and produced television. I before I was speaking to you, I um I've just discovered I have an interview with Stephen Colbert team next week, you know, like the late night tv show on Cbs, so I'm like, I've never seen this show before. I spent all afternoon like watching all the episodes of it to try and figure out if it's something that I can do, it's not my cup of tea because I like to make football spots television, but I, you know, it would be a great opportunity for me, pray to whatever God you believe in farming, please. This would be a very good opportunity. I'm I'm working on on, well, I'm gonna go meet them next week, so things
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: go up. Yeah, I'm excited. Um Where's your accent from? You? Indian?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm in biotic. So when we come to the States three years ago, Yeah, three years
SPEAKER_L: The cruel
SPEAKER_R: now. Yeah, so he would
SPEAKER_L: for school to go to the university? Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you get my PhD uh I decided I should come to ST uh Yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: other I mean Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Was Alabama your first choice? Do they have the best high school? What's the why
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: all about?
SPEAKER_R: There are only six schools that teach research in optometry or vision science family throughout States applied to all six of them. Uh but I only got two offers which were also providing funding. Like they were also going to find me um Alabama and Houston and I was very confident until like almost two days
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: before the final day to say that I'm going to go that I'm going to go to Houston. I had even kind of like, since I knew I'm going to reject Birmingham, I was like, let me just, you know, poke them and see, I feel you're offering me very little money. So I'm going to think about it a little more and all of that, I've done all of that. But then later on towards the end, I realized that some of the faculty or the people or the area that I want to work in, their actually leaving Houston and moving to Birmingham that year itself and that wasn't, I had not come across that information before. Ah and so I was like, oh shit, all these people that I want to work with, like 11 members, um for faculty and uh, seven posts, like postdocs and students were leaving
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Houston to join Birmingham. And out of those 11, the four factors, out of the four faculty, three of the faculty when my potential mentors like shit, if these people move and I end up joining them, I will be lost because no one else who works in the field of that. So then two days before the final decision, I made my decision to switch to Birmingham.
SPEAKER_L: and it was a good decision. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: retrospectively career wise, yes. Um city wise, like location wise, definitely. No, like initially I used to convince myself saying it's a small city, you know, very little distraction, I can be focused and I'm here to study and I'm like I've seen everything this place as you offer, so I'm bored now, especially with the lockdown and everything, I'm like okay, there are no, there's nothing to do. Um super boring.
SPEAKER_L: I lived in Houston for two years. I looked living in Houston, it was very uh because I'm from England originally right, and new york is very much the same as England, the people's attitudes are very liberal, you know that uh Houston texas was like a completely different country. I felt like I was abroad and I like that because you can have interesting conversations with people that are actually, they have different thoughts than you do. So it's but we're here in new york when you speak to americans they think kind of the same way that english people do. So I really living in Houston for that reason. Plus the weather was gorgeous all of the time, that was nice. But yeah I liked I liked being there a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I mean whether in Birmingham is not that bad, it gets a little hard on august and september and Jan is kind of little cold than what you would like other than that it's a weather is great but it's just that there is anything to do just wait a few people And that's it. Once you were here for 23 years. Yeah, you've done everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How has your like research and stuff been going while coronavirus is you can't go to a laboratory right, the whole universities closed. What
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the lab never.
SPEAKER_L: probably at home because
SPEAKER_R: Right. So theoretically the labs only shut down for one week the last week of March. Um because
SPEAKER_L: sorry,
SPEAKER_R: USB is a medical university and so they they anticipated a lot of action that would come down administratively and um starting first of March there were you know plans being set into place. What will you do if it has to be a lot of town? So the labs only shut down for one week. The labs are back on on limited capacity of course. Uh My work relates to a lot of patients with seeing patients personally
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: for research. So yeah, that has been like shut down since and I haven't been able to see any patients for research in the last four or five months. Um So I just had my meeting committee meeting day before yesterday where we propose that this is not feasible anymore because we don't know when this will solve itself out and then we'll be seeing patients when I'm finished. And so we changed the project completely better and I'm going to look at something else now and which doesn't require me to see patients. Uh So yeah, I've been and since my work other than seeing patients can be done on a computer. And so even though I can go to the lab and sit on the computer there, I just prefer to sit home and use my computer. It's the same thing and it's safer.
SPEAKER_L: Can you uh you do study on like monkey eyes or fish eyes something instead in the meantime? Oh
SPEAKER_R: are much, it's a very difficult model because they take almost two years to train before you can even start collecting some data. And
SPEAKER_L: oh no I'm thinking of cutting the heads off and just using the head, you know you don't need them to be alive. Oh let's,
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean we could uh but since I'm more clinically trained, I don't have the skills of the training for those that kind of work that is more of wetland work. And that requires a lot of training and I'm more trained to see patients, which makes more sense. So yeah, but I'm going to be using modeling and programming and all of that more. And the I was going to I was going to work with kids basically, but kids are difficult to get because you have to get the parent along in as well etcetera. So now the focus has been changed to look at other ties and that to the age group. Is the university going adults or kids. Uh So it would be easier once fall semester starts and students I heard it would be easier to see those subjects.
SPEAKER_L: How much longer is your ask? How much longer are you in the States? Are
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I don't know how long I'll be in the States are in the program because ph
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: d two ph d s don't have deadlines. Uh at least your emergency. Since there is no deadline. I have one senior Who is finishing his ninth year. This uh he's finished his ninth year, one August And so I don't need to do that. Of course on average, 5-6 years is a good amount. I finished my tutorial. So at about two years is uh two and two and 2-2 and a half years is the aim to graduate.
SPEAKER_L: do you want to stay over here or do you want to go back to India or somewhere else? Like what's your plan?
SPEAKER_R: So I I don't want to go back to India because research is not that advanced over there and doesn't have funding. So finding job opportunities would be tricky. But I look I'm not very keen on how things are done in the United States, husband particularly education wise, so I am thinking of Australia. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Australia would be good. My brother lived in Perth Australia for a long time. Um He loved it there his he came him and his girl his girlfriend is also english and they were there for two years but they've gone back to England now so that she can get a nursing qualification so that they can both go back over there again because they were just there on like a I don't know a young person holiday working holiday visa. Right. But they want they decided that they liked it so much that they're going to try and go back there. So where have you been to Australia before? Which part would you move to do you know?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been to Australia before, but my sister lives there, so she is in heaven. Um and if I were to go to Australia, I think baldwin would be the starting point because they have an optometry, one of the best optometry schools in Australia. Mhm. That would be the aim or goal is to get try and get in there, but there are other options too. But we'll see, I mean I still have to do and a half years to finish this. I haven't especially right now everyone is so uncertain. It's difficult to get any information from anyone about the future. They're like don't talk about the future fires are burning right now, we need to
SPEAKER_L: Car
SPEAKER_R: put out first.
SPEAKER_L: like I I only became american what six months ago? I've been here for 15 years now, but I only just became american. So I'm
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: already to vote this year. It's my first time I can vote. I'm going to do what I can to make a difference and see her. Uh But yeah, it's crazy. I'm like why the why the fuck did I get my citizenship when uh I'm like embarrassed to tell people that I'm american right? Like I'm definitely english. I'm never going to be America. This is just this is just convenience, right? Don't call me american book. I'm delighted to vote and hopefully save the world. I think I can save the world with my vote.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it worked out.
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: my club.
SPEAKER_R: do you propose,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I'm counting on your support to in the world.
SPEAKER_L: you're not the only one, right? Everybody is counting on my support team is like, I think new york is very blue already. So I don't think that there, I need to move to like Alabama or somewhere like that make a difference in one of those states I should have stayed in Houston is what I should have done. But
SPEAKER_R: it's better. So what made you change from Houston to new york? Like what made you shift?
SPEAKER_L: well I was living in Houston when my parents were living in Houston, so I moved from England to my parents house in Houston and then they went back to England and I went to Seattle Washington for five years. I worked for Microsoft over there, that was awful. And then I went to Toronto. Canada, which I know isn't technically America, but in my head they all have the same accent, right? So I say I was there for a couple of years and then I really wanted to stay in Toronto or permanently because it was my favorite city, but I didn't have the paperwork to stay and I already had a green card here in the United States. So I was trying to find a city in America that had a similar kind of vibe to Toronto. And so I chose new york, both on the East coast. Right? So it's the same time different in here in England, which is very good for when I'm watching the football and because it was very difficult when I lived in Seattle to watch the football in England. Right, you have to get four o'clock in the morning Very it's way too early to drink beer. But as a professional English person, I was drinking beer at 4:00 AM watching football. There's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: trouble, This is better over here. This is a much more respectable time over here. So yeah, I think if you have the opportunity and if you want to stay over here then you should look at Canada. Canada is great like that. It's all of the best things about America and all of the best things about the United Kingdom with the free health care and you know the people are all really nice and I loved Canada. So if it's not something you've considered then you should consider you should look at that as well as Australia, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Canada was my second choice. If Australia nothing will work out in Australia because they're optometry school.
SPEAKER_L: so long.
SPEAKER_R: Um they have
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: had an optometry program where they integrate international kilometers into Canadian or geometries for in or 18 years which is the oldest running program in
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the world for that kind of uh integration. But this one year I think there since they have done it successfully for all those years, they're taking a one year gap and making it an official program through the government or something. So this one year they don't have a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: batch or anything like that for that one particular year. And since it's been learning so successfully, I anticipate it will start again next year even with the pandemic and everything. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and I don't know if they will change any rules or regulations with that program. If it doesn't change, Canada will be super easy. Like with the old rules I would get into Canada super easy, at least for the country. So, but I don't know if it's going to change
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: and that's why I put that as my second option because I don't know how the rules will play out
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: afterwards.
SPEAKER_L: me, where is the school in Canada is in Toronto Ontario?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, there were schools in waterloo.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's just outside of that's very alright, that's not far,
SPEAKER_R: that sounds
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: would still be close enough to the city to invite all of the city stuff which would be very different from Alabama, Birmingham Alabama. I guess what what uh coronavirus situation like down there are people wearing masks, Nobody's wearing masks.
SPEAKER_R: It's uh I would say 70 30 30% of the population, you know strictly is very much 70%. It is, yeah, all
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the way at least in the university it's a mandatory requirement now so
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: and in their own purpose you are required to wear mask even then there are like there is 10% of the people whom you would see with their masks halfway down which is equivalently useless. Uh So yeah but other than that majority of the people in the university do wear masks
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah if you go out for shopping or anything like that uh I generally tend to go super early action as soon as it opens so that the very few people and things like that. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am. I I feel like a place with a lot of Karen's that, you know are flouting the laws and generally being annoying with the message. I don't want to wear masks. It's my right not to, I'm gonna stop you if you tell me where was okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah I mean I haven't had to confront anyone because I really go out apart from like getting food and some initially there were a lot of coupons and whatever to try for that in stock art and you know, delivery. So I tried a bunch of that so that helped me like when the pandemic hit, I wasn't sure what to prepare for and since I'm the only one with no family in and around here, uh I was like I'm gonna stock out for two months, I did that, so that got me through the first two months and then later on I've been going like once every 2, 2.5 weeks and so I come across a lot of people uh but I had to confront them, be like wear a mask or stay away from me or anything unfortunately and
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I haven't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sorry, I just I was just gonna say you were the same as me. I haven't been out at all either. I you know, I counted the other day, eight times since March, I've been outside my house just for and like doing grocery shopping with like seven bags on each. Like I've got this strength that I never knew I had carrying like enough food
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for the next month. Just like, wow, this is brilliant. But why? Like, I'm living right in the middle of Manhattan. You can see, I'm like right down down and All of this life is starting around me and I'm still like, I don't want to go, I haven't seen, I haven't touched anybody for 150 days. I'm just like, I'm going to stay here, I'm going to be safe. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: But you have a pretty view outside the window. Um
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you know, it's a good space that I'm in. I'm sure I'll show you the other side while you're here. I know what I know. We're almost at the end while you're here, this is my favourite one. This is the world's biggest cathedral. It's called Saint john saint john the Divine. I'm not very religious but it's, it's nice to look at, it reminds me that God is always judging me and so I try to try to do good. Yeah. Do you have a good view where you are?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I mean yes and no, I mean I just have trees all around. As I said it's not but there are barely any brick buildings. It's all wooden houses and my house like I'm using my desktop so I can't move it. But there are just please all around my house.
SPEAKER_L: Are you living alone?
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah. Yeah. 11.
SPEAKER_L: Same.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: It's lonely, isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: yeah it is only it was definitely very lonely. I was thinking of getting a pet for myself but I'm waiting for one more month. If the ones the university starts and if it's still equally died then I might venture to get a pet or something.
SPEAKER_L: Then you have to leave it in America if you go to Australia or wherever.
SPEAKER_R: Morning. Yeah that is true but more like a fish or something that. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: well guys, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: like a goldfish that lives for two weeks.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully not. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How often do you zoom with your family in India or your sister? How often do you speak to you?
SPEAKER_R: So I speak to my parents before I used to speak once a week. But since the pandemic started they were so afraid. Initially they were like you have to give us a call every day. And now I've got into the garden into this routine of speaking to them every two or three days. So twice a week. And my sister too, but with my parents is kind of fixed because we are time zones apart so I can call them that surround nine or 10:00 AM. That's the only our, that makes sense. But my sister is in Australia, so that gives a bit of a larger range. So my sister is a random, like whenever she's preaching called or whatever we can call her and see if she's free. But yeah, other than that, Once every 2, 3 days.
SPEAKER_L: I've gone the opposite way. I used to speak to my parents in England every second day. But since coronavirus, my dad has turned into a complete dickhead and he won't wear a mask. And like he's stressing me out. He's given me anxiety because I don't want to wear a mask I think must so stupid, taken away and bring them and I'm like God I can't listen to you. So now I just, I just text them now because I can't listen to my dad. Shit,
SPEAKER_R: I had like me and my sister initially had a lot of convincing to do well for my parents and my grandmother also lives with my parents, so she is the most at risk. And so after when when after like a few weeks when data started showing up that the older you are, the more at risk you are. I think we use that. I'm like if you don't wear a mask and if you get the disease into the house you're going to kill grandma your own mother. So you better wear a mask. And so that's how we convince them. So since then they have been taking all the precautions. But yeah I can see I can feel you when you say you know, I don't want to animals, we have the same story
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm just well I said to him you know if you die then I get my inheritance faster so you know let's go. It's
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: horrible. But you know, well I don't know how else to accept this, mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, this was our times like way beyond our time already.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: No, you very good. I enjoyed it totally. Uh
SPEAKER_L: It's nice to you. Good luck with your studies. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good luck with
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: your interview.
SPEAKER_L: thank you very much.
SPEAKER_R: definitely culture.
SPEAKER_L: sometime with uh great and I'll uh yeah take care stay safe
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: where much?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you do. Okay.