Hello,
how are you doing?
I'm good. I'm good.
Yes This is I think my 4th one in which a participant has shot up.
This is my 4th 1. So
this is
that's
okay that's okay. Yeah for me I think A bunch of as I said it's my 4th one in which someone that showed up. But yeah there have been a bunch in which people haven't showed up so
so
I am currently in Alabama usa
but I
yeah I mean I'm in Birmingham so it's not that bad but yeah from what I've heard and compare it away from what I probably yeah it's it's a much much smaller place.
Yes may not long term but I have traveled there quite a few times like four or five times. So as a you know it's a great uh great port to get out of forget into the country in europe. So yeah like I would generally come there, spend a week or so then take my fight out, do a trip wherever and then come back.
It's
Yeah,
A lot of places are shutting down. Of course, Birmingham is a few years or is majority of Birmingham is the city, the city is associated with the university. So, so this week, next week, I think the students come back. Um, it's gonna be a, it's happened about in chaos. They're saying it's a hybrid, but a lot of students have to be on campus. So the city generally dies out over the summer. Any which way is like we have some 20,000 students over here and most of them live along with the faculty and the support stop. So in the summer it's empty, but hopefully in a week's time it will brighten up again, but we don't know and
I don't know consequences. The writing of the laugh.
So I work and I'm also studying in the university. So,
so I'm studying religion science, which is eyes. So I'm trying to get my PhD envision science, but I'm also an optometrist. So I simultaneously work for the optometry school. What? What?
Yeah. I'm currently wearing consequences.
No, not,
not rubbing their eyes like eyes have the most nerve endings. The cornea is the most nerve endings in any part of the body. Uh it's physically impossible to um, you know, rob and enjoy yourself that much.
Yeah. So like authority. I mean it shouldn't make significant difference in your life. Like, you know, work wise and all but the lighter realize are the lesser sense. The more sensitive you are to bright light. Yeah.
No.
So here's a fact. I mean you've got really pretty blue eyes and here's a fact about blue color in nature mostly. Um Just like black is a pigment. Brown is a pigment and that's how the color for that. There is no blue color in Nature Two. The Nature did not like we did not evolve to form blue color because the seas used to reflect all the blue light away. So from an evolutionary point of view, we never had any way or no life form has developed a pigment where they can actually develop blue pigment. So the blue color that we see is just the arrangement of the cells. So the cells are arranged in such a way and so intricately that it reflects blue light and everything else gets absorbed. So even like the blue butterflies um there is no blue color. You could drop their wings and you would not get any blue color on your fingers or anything. It's just how the cells are arranged.
If you if you differentiate single layers. Yeah, you wouldn't see w but in my
case you would see the brown spots. So you know under a microscope I would see the pigment. But in my under microscope yours would not have a pigment.
Thank
you.
And
but how long have I? What?
Uh So my parents both our optometrist. So in a way growing up was a lot of it was you know, discussion
about.
It was the second one. They were like you have to be authorities but I've been officially um in the program and starting all of this since 2012. So 18.
Yeah. I mean not in this one particular program. I finished my authority that I was working for your uh like I was teaching and then then I came down here to do my PhD
well.
Oh, I mean currently I feel super happy but eight years ago I would have chosen medicine so
hey.
no, it was always biology for me and I was, it was, it was always like my parents are like okay if you want, if you want to study, we are going to fund your studies, if you do optometry. Um but you need to figure your own way out our own way to find yourself. If you're planning to do medicine, I'm like fine, I need the money more like americans also super expensive. Uh
Yeah. But then I think I was more interested in research. Even if I would have gone under medicine, I would have done research and where I found like after I finish optometry, I was like okay now I'm going to find a way to find myself basically work and Cherie at the same time so that's how I got to appear to envision science.
What do you
No.
Yes, I'm in biotic. So when we come to the States three years ago, Yeah, three years
now. Yeah, so he would
Yeah, you get my PhD uh I decided I should come to ST uh Yeah, but
other I mean Yeah.
so
There are only six schools that teach research in optometry or vision science family throughout States applied to all six of them. Uh but I only got two offers which were also providing funding. Like they were also going to find me um Alabama and Houston and I was very confident until like almost two days
before the final day to say that I'm going to go that I'm going to go to Houston. I had even kind of like, since I knew I'm going to reject Birmingham, I was like, let me just, you know, poke them and see, I feel you're offering me very little money. So I'm going to think about it a little more and all of that, I've done all of that. But then later on towards the end, I realized that some of the faculty or the people or the area that I want to work in, their actually leaving Houston and moving to Birmingham that year itself and that wasn't, I had not come across that information before. Ah and so I was like, oh shit, all these people that I want to work with, like 11 members, um for faculty and uh, seven posts, like postdocs and students were leaving
Houston to join Birmingham. And out of those 11, the four factors, out of the four faculty, three of the faculty when my potential mentors like shit, if these people move and I end up joining them, I will be lost because no one else who works in the field of that. So then two days before the final decision, I made my decision to switch to Birmingham.
retrospectively career wise, yes. Um city wise, like location wise, definitely. No, like initially I used to convince myself saying it's a small city, you know, very little distraction, I can be focused and I'm here to study and I'm like I've seen everything this place as you offer, so I'm bored now, especially with the lockdown and everything, I'm like okay, there are no, there's nothing to do. Um super boring.
I mean whether in Birmingham is not that bad, it gets a little hard on august and september and Jan is kind of little cold than what you would like other than that it's a weather is great but it's just that there is anything to do just wait a few people And that's it. Once you were here for 23 years. Yeah, you've done everything.
So
the lab never.
Right. So theoretically the labs only shut down for one week the last week of March. Um because
USB is a medical university and so they they anticipated a lot of action that would come down administratively and um starting first of March there were you know plans being set into place. What will you do if it has to be a lot of town? So the labs only shut down for one week. The labs are back on on limited capacity of course. Uh My work relates to a lot of patients with seeing patients personally
for research. So yeah, that has been like shut down since and I haven't been able to see any patients for research in the last four or five months. Um So I just had my meeting committee meeting day before yesterday where we propose that this is not feasible anymore because we don't know when this will solve itself out and then we'll be seeing patients when I'm finished. And so we changed the project completely better and I'm going to look at something else now and which doesn't require me to see patients. Uh So yeah, I've been and since my work other than seeing patients can be done on a computer. And so even though I can go to the lab and sit on the computer there, I just prefer to sit home and use my computer. It's the same thing and it's safer.
are much, it's a very difficult model because they take almost two years to train before you can even start collecting some data. And
No, I mean we could uh but since I'm more clinically trained, I don't have the skills of the training for those that kind of work that is more of wetland work. And that requires a lot of training and I'm more trained to see patients, which makes more sense. So yeah, but I'm going to be using modeling and programming and all of that more. And the I was going to I was going to work with kids basically, but kids are difficult to get because you have to get the parent along in as well etcetera. So now the focus has been changed to look at other ties and that to the age group. Is the university going adults or kids. Uh So it would be easier once fall semester starts and students I heard it would be easier to see those subjects.
Uh So I don't know how long I'll be in the States are in the program because ph
d two ph d s don't have deadlines. Uh at least your emergency. Since there is no deadline. I have one senior Who is finishing his ninth year. This uh he's finished his ninth year, one August And so I don't need to do that. Of course on average, 5-6 years is a good amount. I finished my tutorial. So at about two years is uh two and two and 2-2 and a half years is the aim to graduate.
So I I don't want to go back to India because research is not that advanced over there and doesn't have funding. So finding job opportunities would be tricky. But I look I'm not very keen on how things are done in the United States, husband particularly education wise, so I am thinking of Australia. So yeah.
I haven't been to Australia before, but my sister lives there, so she is in heaven. Um and if I were to go to Australia, I think baldwin would be the starting point because they have an optometry, one of the best optometry schools in Australia. Mhm. That would be the aim or goal is to get try and get in there, but there are other options too. But we'll see, I mean I still have to do and a half years to finish this. I haven't especially right now everyone is so uncertain. It's difficult to get any information from anyone about the future. They're like don't talk about the future fires are burning right now, we need to
put out first.
this.
Yes it worked out.
How
do you propose,
I'm counting on your support to in the world.
it's better. So what made you change from Houston to new york? Like what made you shift?
that
Canada was my second choice. If Australia nothing will work out in Australia because they're optometry school.
Um they have
had an optometry program where they integrate international kilometers into Canadian or geometries for in or 18 years which is the oldest running program in
the world for that kind of uh integration. But this one year I think there since they have done it successfully for all those years, they're taking a one year gap and making it an official program through the government or something. So this one year they don't have a
batch or anything like that for that one particular year. And since it's been learning so successfully, I anticipate it will start again next year even with the pandemic and everything. Uh
and I don't know if they will change any rules or regulations with that program. If it doesn't change, Canada will be super easy. Like with the old rules I would get into Canada super easy, at least for the country. So, but I don't know if it's going to change
and that's why I put that as my second option because I don't know how the rules will play out
afterwards.
Yeah. No, there were schools in waterloo.
that sounds
fun.
It's uh I would say 70 30 30% of the population, you know strictly is very much 70%. It is, yeah, all
the way at least in the university it's a mandatory requirement now so
and in their own purpose you are required to wear mask even then there are like there is 10% of the people whom you would see with their masks halfway down which is equivalently useless. Uh So yeah but other than that majority of the people in the university do wear masks
but yeah if you go out for shopping or anything like that uh I generally tend to go super early action as soon as it opens so that the very few people and things like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah I mean I haven't had to confront anyone because I really go out apart from like getting food and some initially there were a lot of coupons and whatever to try for that in stock art and you know, delivery. So I tried a bunch of that so that helped me like when the pandemic hit, I wasn't sure what to prepare for and since I'm the only one with no family in and around here, uh I was like I'm gonna stock out for two months, I did that, so that got me through the first two months and then later on I've been going like once every 2, 2.5 weeks and so I come across a lot of people uh but I had to confront them, be like wear a mask or stay away from me or anything unfortunately and
I haven't. Yeah.
I
But you have a pretty view outside the window. Um
Uh I mean yes and no, I mean I just have trees all around. As I said it's not but there are barely any brick buildings. It's all wooden houses and my house like I'm using my desktop so I can't move it. But there are just please all around my house.
Well yeah. Yeah. 11.
So
yeah it is only it was definitely very lonely. I was thinking of getting a pet for myself but I'm waiting for one more month. If the ones the university starts and if it's still equally died then I might venture to get a pet or something.
Morning. Yeah that is true but more like a fish or something that. Yeah
I want
hopefully not. But yeah.
So I speak to my parents before I used to speak once a week. But since the pandemic started they were so afraid. Initially they were like you have to give us a call every day. And now I've got into the garden into this routine of speaking to them every two or three days. So twice a week. And my sister too, but with my parents is kind of fixed because we are time zones apart so I can call them that surround nine or 10:00 AM. That's the only our, that makes sense. But my sister is in Australia, so that gives a bit of a larger range. So my sister is a random, like whenever she's preaching called or whatever we can call her and see if she's free. But yeah, other than that, Once every 2, 3 days.
I had like me and my sister initially had a lot of convincing to do well for my parents and my grandmother also lives with my parents, so she is the most at risk. And so after when when after like a few weeks when data started showing up that the older you are, the more at risk you are. I think we use that. I'm like if you don't wear a mask and if you get the disease into the house you're going to kill grandma your own mother. So you better wear a mask. And so that's how we convince them. So since then they have been taking all the precautions. But yeah I can see I can feel you when you say you know, I don't want to animals, we have the same story
back.
Yes, this was our times like way beyond our time already.
So.
No, you very good. I enjoyed it totally. Uh
Yeah. Good luck with
your interview.
definitely culture.
You
Yeah you do. Okay.