Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. You're going to say? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the problem. Mhm. Okay. Mhm.
Hi,
I'm okay. How are you?
Have you done one of these before?
And which what, sorry?
is my second. So I've been waiting like six times and then most of the time nobody comes. So I'm surprised to see you today. I'm Googling the the Champions League
score right now. Barcelona versus buying Munich. I am watching that on my telephone and speaking to you, so, I'm
sorry.
Where am I speaking to you from?
But
oh my God, that sounds awful. I'm so sorry.
I'm in new york city, which is equally awful, but well, sounds like quite as scary as uh like Alabama just sounds really backwards to me. I'm sorry that you're there.
Have you spent any time in new york?
It's uh really, really dead
since coronavirus, right? There's homeless people in Times Square, and like there's no tourists anymore. The whole thing is just weird and so like creeped out by all at uh I don't think it's going to get back to normal very quickly. So this is why I say new york is awful. Just as bad as what I imagine Alabama to be right now. Mhm.
Right.
What
what what are you doing in Alabama? What's your, what are you working or?
What?
Do you wear glasses or contact lenses or anything?
Are you I read on Reddit the other day some like awful story where somebody wiped their eyes and their eyeball burst. Have you ever seen anything gross like that?
This is it possible?
Okay. Thank you because I was reading it just thinking, oh my gosh, I'm never gonna rub my eyes, I'm never gonna touch my eyes again. And then my other question. My other I question but I'm going to ask you because you're in front of me I heard and I feel like it might be true that the light of your eyes are like I've got very blue eyes, the light of your eyes are the less you can handle the sunshine. Like I can't go outside in the sun because I can't see, right? But I I understand like your dark brown eyes, you're better in the sun than I am. I don't know. What do you think?
Thank you. I've always felt like that, but I'm glad to have somebody that's studying this stuff confirm
it.
so if you cut your eye in half you would see the brown. But if you cut your up my eye in half you wouldn't see the blue. Is that what you're telling me?
How?
Well that's just something else fascinating that have led
today.
I'm like blown away. That's awesome. Nice. How long
have you been in this stuff are
I'll be studying um eyes and vision and all this stuff.
did you
did you want to be an optometrist or did your parents tell you this is what you have to be?
shit. Still?
Well if your parents had no control
over your career path, what would you like to be in? You know, outside of optometry, what would you choose for yourself?
The whole body, it's not
just the okay, what's the same path? Right. I thought you would have said something ridiculous like football, you know?
I can't believe you into it. All right, this is this doesn't feel nice.
wow, wow. I don't think I've ever spoken to somebody as clever as you, so I congratulate them. No,
I make television, I write television and produced television. I before I was speaking to you, I um I've just discovered I have an interview with Stephen Colbert team next week, you know, like the late night tv show on Cbs, so I'm like, I've never seen this show before. I spent all afternoon like watching all the episodes of it to try and figure out if it's something that I can do, it's not my cup of tea because I like to make football spots television, but I, you know, it would be a great opportunity for me, pray to whatever God you believe in farming, please. This would be a very good opportunity. I'm I'm working on on, well, I'm gonna go meet them next week, so things
go up. Yeah, I'm excited. Um Where's your accent from? You? Indian?
The cruel
for school to go to the university? Right,
Okay.
Was Alabama your first choice? Do they have the best high school? What's the why
all about?
But
Well
and it was a good decision. Mhm.
I lived in Houston for two years. I looked living in Houston, it was very uh because I'm from England originally right, and new york is very much the same as England, the people's attitudes are very liberal, you know that uh Houston texas was like a completely different country. I felt like I was abroad and I like that because you can have interesting conversations with people that are actually, they have different thoughts than you do. So it's but we're here in new york when you speak to americans they think kind of the same way that english people do. So I really living in Houston for that reason. Plus the weather was gorgeous all of the time, that was nice. But yeah I liked I liked being there a lot.
Yeah. How has your like research and stuff been going while coronavirus is you can't go to a laboratory right, the whole universities closed. What
I
probably at home because
sorry,
correct.
Can you uh you do study on like monkey eyes or fish eyes something instead in the meantime? Oh
oh no I'm thinking of cutting the heads off and just using the head, you know you don't need them to be alive. Oh let's,
How much longer is your ask? How much longer are you in the States? Are
what?
do you want to stay over here or do you want to go back to India or somewhere else? Like what's your plan?
Australia would be good. My brother lived in Perth Australia for a long time. Um He loved it there his he came him and his girl his girlfriend is also english and they were there for two years but they've gone back to England now so that she can get a nursing qualification so that they can both go back over there again because they were just there on like a I don't know a young person holiday working holiday visa. Right. But they want they decided that they liked it so much that they're going to try and go back there. So where have you been to Australia before? Which part would you move to do you know?
Car
like I I only became american what six months ago? I've been here for 15 years now, but I only just became american. So I'm
already to vote this year. It's my first time I can vote. I'm going to do what I can to make a difference and see her. Uh But yeah, it's crazy. I'm like why the why the fuck did I get my citizenship when uh I'm like embarrassed to tell people that I'm american right? Like I'm definitely english. I'm never going to be America. This is just this is just convenience, right? Don't call me american book. I'm delighted to vote and hopefully save the world. I think I can save the world with my vote.
This is
my club.
Sorry.
you're not the only one, right? Everybody is counting on my support team is like, I think new york is very blue already. So I don't think that there, I need to move to like Alabama or somewhere like that make a difference in one of those states I should have stayed in Houston is what I should have done. But
well I was living in Houston when my parents were living in Houston, so I moved from England to my parents house in Houston and then they went back to England and I went to Seattle Washington for five years. I worked for Microsoft over there, that was awful. And then I went to Toronto. Canada, which I know isn't technically America, but in my head they all have the same accent, right? So I say I was there for a couple of years and then I really wanted to stay in Toronto or permanently because it was my favorite city, but I didn't have the paperwork to stay and I already had a green card here in the United States. So I was trying to find a city in America that had a similar kind of vibe to Toronto. And so I chose new york, both on the East coast. Right? So it's the same time different in here in England, which is very good for when I'm watching the football and because it was very difficult when I lived in Seattle to watch the football in England. Right, you have to get four o'clock in the morning Very it's way too early to drink beer. But as a professional English person, I was drinking beer at 4:00 AM watching football. There's
trouble, This is better over here. This is a much more respectable time over here. So yeah, I think if you have the opportunity and if you want to stay over here then you should look at Canada. Canada is great like that. It's all of the best things about America and all of the best things about the United Kingdom with the free health care and you know the people are all really nice and I loved Canada. So if it's not something you've considered then you should consider you should look at that as well as Australia, definitely.
so long.
But
What?
huh.
Mhm.
But
with
me, where is the school in Canada is in Toronto Ontario?
Oh well that's just outside of that's very alright, that's not far,
you
would still be close enough to the city to invite all of the city stuff which would be very different from Alabama, Birmingham Alabama. I guess what what uh coronavirus situation like down there are people wearing masks, Nobody's wearing masks.
Mhm.
You're
that's good.
I am. I I feel like a place with a lot of Karen's that, you know are flouting the laws and generally being annoying with the message. I don't want to wear masks. It's my right not to, I'm gonna stop you if you tell me where was okay.
You
sorry, I just I was just gonna say you were the same as me. I haven't been out at all either. I you know, I counted the other day, eight times since March, I've been outside my house just for and like doing grocery shopping with like seven bags on each. Like I've got this strength that I never knew I had carrying like enough food
for the next month. Just like, wow, this is brilliant. But why? Like, I'm living right in the middle of Manhattan. You can see, I'm like right down down and All of this life is starting around me and I'm still like, I don't want to go, I haven't seen, I haven't touched anybody for 150 days. I'm just like, I'm going to stay here, I'm going to be safe. Yeah. Uh
Thank you. Thank you know, it's a good space that I'm in. I'm sure I'll show you the other side while you're here. I know what I know. We're almost at the end while you're here, this is my favourite one. This is the world's biggest cathedral. It's called Saint john saint john the Divine. I'm not very religious but it's, it's nice to look at, it reminds me that God is always judging me and so I try to try to do good. Yeah. Do you have a good view where you are?
Are you living alone?
Same.
It's lonely, isn't it?
Then you have to leave it in America if you go to Australia or wherever.
well guys, yeah,
like a goldfish that lives for two weeks.
How often do you zoom with your family in India or your sister? How often do you speak to you?
I've gone the opposite way. I used to speak to my parents in England every second day. But since coronavirus, my dad has turned into a complete dickhead and he won't wear a mask. And like he's stressing me out. He's given me anxiety because I don't want to wear a mask I think must so stupid, taken away and bring them and I'm like God I can't listen to you. So now I just, I just text them now because I can't listen to my dad. Shit,
I'm I'm just well I said to him you know if you die then I get my inheritance faster so you know let's go. It's
horrible. But you know, well I don't know how else to accept this, mm.
Sorry
I'm sorry.
It's nice to you. Good luck with your studies. Uh
Well
thank you very much.
sometime with uh great and I'll uh yeah take care stay safe
where much?