Hi.
Yeah, you're good now.
I'm doing well. How about you?
that's okay. Just catching up on things what
I have, Have you?
Okay? Yeah, this is only my second one, but first more moral so I was like, okay, well it
won't
interesting. Yeah. No, the person I talked to was also a woman and she had said the same thing. She's like, yeah, it seems like they matched you up at least in her case she had done a couple and she said she was matched up with like women kind of around similar age or
Yeah, that would be very interesting. Yeah.
Well,
that was
weird to find more gone like what, who are gonna
looks
like,
right, I'm in the midwest Nebraska.
It's really not bad right now. Yesterday was super cold only because the wind was very cold, but right now stands out and it's just cold. We don't have no yet though, so
I
yeah, I was just in phoenix couple weekend or a couple weeks ago actually and We're saying that like yeah it's cold, the
sun was out but you know it was like 70s or whatever.
Yeah. I'm a student at the University of Nebraska Medical Center right now actually, public health students so it's a crazy time to do that. But I've got one more semester left and then good for
yeah, so I am on campus um and I was last year but we're fully remote right now so I pop on a campus here and there for random things but I think it's only been like three or four times this year, wow,
it's yeah, I am thinking you probably bought going into just the local or state health department um otherwise kind of going a research route. Like there's a few kind of companies around Omaha that do specific research on like food insecurity or Mhm. Other topics. Photo Yeah.
Right. And it's, my emphasis is actually a health promotion. But you know, we do have a lot of epidemiology and I'm kind of like, well, gosh, you know, everybody is going to be wanting epidemiology after this pandemic. But I mean public health and all aspects will be needed. But yeah, it's not crazy. I'm like, I did not expect this when I started school,
but
I'm excited about it. How about you? What do you do?
Yeah. That's awesome. Is that kind of the writing that you stick to is doing like screenwriting or?
I'm right. I've been hitting the documentary is hard during covid all that
often.
Yeah, I've been hitting some good ones to hit the classic ones. Like um was a Tiger King and Hello?
Oh yeah, yeah, absolutely whinge that one now. I've been on kind of a true crime kick like this breathing good
maybe.
I
have
watched the old ones just this new and I'm like, this is good.
I listened to my favorite murder to, I don't know if you've been listening to that one, but
I had something like a full circle yesterday. I was watching um it's called trial for on netflix, The document. I'm not,
it's
not you
guys. Yeah, like during that one, they mentioned this other like kind of similar murder that happened that they had talked about my favorite murder. And I was like, where do I know this smart? And I was like, oh my gosh, like I've never connected like my years of listening to murder before and I was like, okay.
american
wasn't saying, I've never seen one that has like body cam footage and all the social media footage. It was
Yeah. Well you're so used to getting like the reenactments or you know the end of it. So they have all of that was absolutely crazy. I was, I kept saying like shout out to that friend she is for me, if I had a friend who wasn't responding to me for a day, I honestly would just be like, okay, like they're busy
non
them in one day.
I know.
Well my husband and sure thought he had way more time. Like I have to think like murderer, but like I would
come
home
there.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I know. Kind of a case for like truly actually opening up to folks. I mean our society doesn't always encourages to share some of those intimate details that shoot, I don't know. No, I'm like, okay, maybe I do need to have that one person who I sure. Well, I don't know.
Oh
no,
one of the most interesting components to me was how they had that one little segment where they were talking about how her social media presence had a lot of people saying like, oh well she drove him to do it. And that was super interesting to me, the little chat about victim blaming. But also it did show that there was a benefit to her being on social media. Like it gave some clues and you know, I'm kind of wanted to thumb my nose a little bit of people who are social media heavy. So, well I, yeah, I see
at
all.
Well
well
Shannon had her faults and there are faults in their marriage. But as they so nicely pointed out at the end of that documentary, there's a thing called divorce, you know, didn't have really?
that
was super strange. Yeah,
I had to
look up. I kind of wondered, I was like where is she now? And yeah, she went off the grid, which I'm like, yeah, like I would do because I don't think
she's entirely, she was not entirely in the dark about everything and so.
No. Yeah,
I remember only that one when it was just in the news and like I still remember the headlines where they still thought like, oh yeah, she's just missing. And so this documentary like fairly recently was pretty cool. I kind of hope we can get this with more cases create that myself.
was that, Is this the, was that the assistant murder 1? Like he wanted to commit suicide? She helped him
or no?
that's
not
there yet. It's just
Hello.
All
Yeah. Well, to an extent like it's almost more rare to find someone who's not into that stuff. I don't know what it is about true crime that's truly fascinating to us all. But I mean it is
Yeah. So have you been in Arizona most of your life or?
Well,
not so,
um, my, I've just always have been in the midwest, my family moved around quite a bit. My dad was professor and hopped universities and so I was born in indiana because my dad was at Purdue and then we went to Fargo north Dakota for nds you then brookings, South Dakota for sts you and then finally Lincoln Nebraska and actually went back to brookings south Dakota to do my undergrad degree that South state and then I'm in Nebraska doing my graduate degree and I'm
so
yeah. And that was part of the reason for moving was, you know, funding for education is always changing. And so I remember, you know, specifically like one university, he was having to basically apply for grants all the time to pay his own salary and so well what
Um yes and no, like, I don't know that I had a strong idea of what I wanted to do undergrad wise, Like I knew I liked the medical field, but I wasn't for sure what, So I actually applied and was in nursing was a nursing student at first and then I realized I didn't like the hands on aspect of it. And then I went to like exercise science and I was all around and then I also ran cross country and track and field and so like wanted to because I knew I wanted to run in college. So, oh,
I think my undergrad decision wasn't based on academics necessarily. Like I knew I wanted to run there. And then since I had lived in that town, I liked it. So, and ultimately it was okay. I think because um you know, I'm still where I want to be ultimately grid. Oh, so
One
well,
no.
good.
Yeah, I'm very curious how the future of academics will be, especially because with everything being online, I think there's a lot of things are going to stay that way and pros and cons of it. I mean the primary pro is that you can go to school literally anywhere and not have relocating, but certainly times do it too. So I I continually been telling myself that I'm glad to be in the place that I am right now. I would have been very sad if I had been an undergraduate and like my athletics would have been paused and it is a, I was.
Well.
Yeah. I would entirely green. I mean even just thinking back to myself as an elementary middle school, like it beneficial to socialize with your fellow students. And so that component being gone is really sad to me and I feel so much for parents. I've got some fellow classmates and my master's program who are also parents and they are, they say they are absolutely drowning. I feel for them because they have to be helping their kids like all day. But then they have their own work
and
they tried to to professors like, hey, I can't like Beyonce right now and some of them are understanding. So wow.
Yeah, my name's Emily. What's in it?
Nice to meet. You can worry.
Yes. Thank you. Same to you.
Today
I.