Yeah. Huh? Yeah. What's up? All right. Yeah. My partner hasn't showed up yet. So I'm looking for a different kind of challenge in my day to day and I feel as if my opportunities in my current position, okay. Only sales position and I see myself being happier. What about the sentence? Are you asking like are you asking if that is a good statement like to make or like the structure itself? The 2nd 1. The 1st 1. Whether or not you should say that I okay. Like I assume you're and you're answering why you don't want to. Yeah, I mean just say you can't, your position isn't offering any um way up and you are looking for I think saying that you're looking for a challenge is good. I don't know if you should bother saying the sale, you can say the sales part I guess.
Hi. How are, you know?
I'm good.
not not that long at all though. I was I was literally just talking to my boyfriend, my partner showed up, so we're good.
I was just talking with them until, you know, just minutes,
Great, great. Um Montana, by the way,
nice to meet you.
Yeah, I don't know. Today's been, I have mostly been paying out with my boyfriend all day um just kind of sitting around watching netflix and stuff. Have you watched the Queen's Gambit
on networks?
Uh huh I haven't seen that one, so
Good. I I'm always on the hunt for like new things to watch and I'm also
that person who is like, my friends will be like, oh, you should watch this early, you should watch that. And I'm like, okay, I'll get around to it and then I'm like stuck already on something else and I take forever to watch episodes. Like I'll watch one episode and then I'll go off and do something else and it will take me like we can watch something and people are like I finished them like a day, that's not quite forever, but chris give, it's really good, 36%
wouldn't
it?
So it is a so like yes, it is about chess. Um but you don't have to be like a fan of chest to appreciate like the drama of it all is that. So
like a lot of it is just like about this girl's life and like kind of like what she's been through like this to deal with like as like a woman um In like the earlier 1900 year, uh Like 19, what is it like 1940
or something like that,
1940, ish. So um there's a lot of like
you
know her against men kind of thing and and uh it's kind of about her just sort of rise in the ranks despite being a
woman in like the chest, like male dominated field. Um she just kind of like rises up in the ranks and seeing her interactions with people and how she like works her life, you know, I don't want to spoil much of it, but like she's got
a lot of like hardships that she's
should
it interest in general. Like it's a good like drama.
I wasn't even going to wash it until one of my best friends was like you need to just trust me. Like it's, it's
something
like you watched the first episode and you're like I can watch the rest and it's only like seven
episodes that's not having to commit to it a lot, which is another thing, I'll get into a show and then I just will fall out of it. Something that happens to be a lot too.
But
you know
I'm
investing time like I totally get me like you don't want to put all that time into something and then it just end like so like disappointing. Right? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah my um my sister actually does the same thing. She she more like she reads a lot of books and watches a lot of movies so and T. V. Shows are kind of like if the but when she reads books she reads the laugh because of the books
read the last page and if she likes she'll read the whole thing because she hates like she doesn't like surprises, she doesn't like you know being surprised like the end of like a book or a movie or whatever. Read the last page of a book and then with movies she'll go on the Wikipedia and she'll like read
a whole summary of three men so go and watch it. No.
We
I.
Are
that hard? Like subtitles and stuff?
I'm
fine
read.
I put on subtitles for most of the things that I watch simply because like a lot of times
like my house will be allowed like
my sister has two
kids
under the age of five so they'll come over and if I'm watching something it's just the media some titles because
I know I'm not going to be able to hear it.
Or like if I'm downstairs in the living room of my boyfriend's house and we're watching something, it's like put on some titles because someone might walk in the room. We don't like watching something unless I can be 100% like in the moment I I can't really passive watch something like like probably one of the reasons why
I watch one episode and then go do other things because like I have to sit down and be like okay I'm watching this show like I can't
like pull up another tab, I can't like
scroll social
media while I'm doing it. Like I would sit down and I watch it and like I have to catch everything. Every single thing that said just like I got to be like I don't know I get very into it.
I actually, so I like any
anything that's
funny. Usually I like some kinds of dramas. I I shouldn't just say like comedy shows because I mean I do like comedy shows but I honestly I'm not currently watching any. Um
So I say I tend to watch mostly dramas like so like right now like Queen's Gambit um was another show that I was watching um very behind on the Mandalorian that recently just came out. I don't know if you count that as a drama. I don't know what to call it. I guess like action maybe.
The Mandalorian, The Star Wars like uh
it's on Disney Plus, have you seen that?
Was it was all big when it came out with like the baby Yoda was everywhere and he was really promoting it a lot because uh a lot of people got Disney Plus just for that that show for a while. Um A lot of my friends ended up getting a subscription to Disney Plus for that.
Yeah. Yeah. You actually, so I'm not a Star Wars person. I mean I know a lot of people out there who love the series, but I personally never hear of watching them or anything, so I wasn't totally investment. It's
a show you don't have to know anything about Star Wars in order to watch it. Like I appreciate because I don't like jumping
into things without. It's like, I don't know, like sometimes my friends will be like, oh, the new like, you know, marvel movie is coming out and I'll be like, I haven't watched most of those kinds
of movies, but it's like if it's falling in order, if it's like, oh the second thor movie or something like that, I'm like, I didn't even do the first one and like I'll go watch it. But part of me is just like,
you
don't know what's going on. And it's kind of like so watched it with my boyfriend when it first came on, I was like, oh yeah, okay, I can follow this. Like you don't doesn't follow any other characters in that universe. You don't actually have to know. Yeah.
because you don't have to, I mean it's if you like action like stories and kind of like dramatic, you know, it's funny there too, which I also appreciate. Um like there's some humor in it, which um I'm always a fan of, I don't know if a show is too
bland, unless the story itself is really, really good. I always need like some kind of comedic really russell, get bored with.
I did that.
Oh no, that that's all I was saying, it was just like, I highly recommend watching it. I don't know if you guys have Disney plus or not, but yeah.
Yeah, let's not
talk about.
Winning. Did you just watch everything?
Yeah. Did you guys like watch a lot of like netflix and stuff when the whole pandemic like first started happening? I
know a lot of people started binge watching shows.
my
Well
that's why I like it when something is all of a sudden like queens can, but it's like number one on netflix right now and I always appreciate when something comes
out and everybody starts talking about it because then it's like okay like I think like if it's this big there's gotta be some kind of like charm to it that's attracting this my like for it to be number one like it's gonna be something good. So usually when something number like when Tiger King came
out and everybody was like you have to watch it or like all right, this is kind of entertaining. You know, it's something new and it's something that's good for whatever reason. So, I usually end up watching okay.
But
then we've been done with that. I'm like I have nothing else to do.
I don't think so.
Wasn't a tower movie?
Was it a show or a movie?
Right. Yeah, I know him.
You know what movie is probably one of the most wild movies I've ever seen And it's actually the
last movie that I watched. Um I watched about a week ago and it's cold. I'm thinking of ending things. Thank you for doing it. Okay.
It is. I have never been so confused watching a movie that I was watching this movie. Like I wish I could explain it and like you would justice as to just how confusing it was. Have you ever a lot like a show or a movie and its whole
plot
is so random. So out there that every single thing you think is going to happen just doesn't because that's what this movie was like. It starts off with this guy and this
girl and her whole thing, her this girl's whole thing is that she doesn't like her boyfriend and she's thinking about breaking up with him and so they're on their way to like his parents
and like spend time at his house and so it's awkward like
you have the girl and the guy talking and I'm not even kidding for the first Maybe 30 or 40 minutes of the movie. All it is is them talking in the car as if you were like in the car with them, you just listened to their conversation
and it's like the longest strangest monologues you've ever heard and they get to
the house and
a bunch of strange thing starts happening. It's like
we watched it because it's labeled as a horror movie but it was like a horror thriller movie. And what was scary was that you constantly didn't know what was going on. It would be like like you would like, she walked into a room at one point and met his dad and then she like left the room and came back later and her and his
dad
was suddenly like super super old and and you're just kind of what's going on like this goes does this like what's going on? Are they actually dead? And like then you need the route and then she turns around and the entire family is like sitting at the dinner table and
it's like how did they get there? The spirals and spirals downwards. And I had to go onto google after I watched this movie just to try and figure out like what the plot was because even after you finish walking it you don't, it's about like you spend the entire movie watching it and
when the ending doesn't even make sense. So like if you want something that's like seriously, like makes your brain work hard to figure out what's going on. Like it's certainly a conversation starter. Like this movie, like I don't know if you guys are thinking of watching that. I don't know if I totally recommend it, but I just had to like vent to something out of it because it's wild. Right?
You know, like I don't know and I don't know anybody else who's watched it either. It's like I guess it's just that I literally googled my core movies and that came up and I was like okay and
definitely should have watched something else.
That's the thing is
I and I usually like those kind of movies, you know, ones that don't do things that you think like not
like, like no cliches, you know? I like things that like I can't see coming. This one was like nothing but that it was
like a much, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
I feel that
way about a lot of crime shows actually
you like
Miami and stuff, It's like
all the seams, you know? But like I mean I feel like I can't like avoid them either because my mom loves those kind of shows. Like like if I walk in her living room like there's a crime show on
were that like house hunters, you know?
Right. Do you want more shows or do you watch more movies?
The news. Yeah.
Do you
like this
enough
the election and stuff you mean? Or like
well
yeah. About stressful, super referring.
Really clear. I don't know if you're right leaning or left leaning, but like I personally am more left leaning name and then a bunch are you
very left leaning?
wow.
The
company
with trump and stuff? Yeah.
Uh huh.
I am not a
fan to say the least.
We're really practicing
what they're preaching and
jesus
I totally totally
agree because I feel
like I I don't know more
passion in the country really, you know, just I don't know, they're all all these like issues like with, you know I mean you had like the elections
like first like we had the pandemic and
everybody
was trying to figure that out um and how kind of more brushed aside and you know the Black Lives Matter protests happen and like I felt like that, you know, they weren't heard enough and it was, it was just very stressful with with how I don't know, trump handled that. I feel like I don't know he didn't
care enough said
projected
But he didn't Yeah.
No.
In her
huh
Human.
Good.
Great.
You know?
thank you.
same
bridge.
aim.
bro.
Who
were
themselves?
it's just
get worse too with the holidays and stuff coming up.
No,
completely.
seriously,
I I am right
there with you because I have been doing nothing but taking it seriously, like my dad is very high risk, you know, I have friends who have parents who are at high risk, it's just like, like we and like my social group, we have stayed away from each other. We have not been like, I haven't seen like my normal group of friends in like a year now, however long this like, it's been almost a year isn't that crazy because I just, so many of them haven't been safe at all
and I'm just like if we could all just treat
it
like seriously, but then stopped going to bars and things
and going out and of course, okay and anybody that I knew um people just didn't want to give up, you know, some people couldn't avoid it either, you know, like essential workers and things like people, you know, working a job and they were like, well I can't just stop going into the office, you know, before they were able to work from home. It was just like they had no choice and so it's like around them weren't making it any easier, but
I
ended up, well I didn't really work, I didn't
help with it, you know?
Not
political,
I don't think you broke her nose
and it's wild like it's not even like a political thing I like this is a worldwide issue to like other countries are dealing with this as well like and yeah, I I hate hearing, but that's what the problem like. Yeah, I hate that it's so divided between political parties as well. Um you know being down, I don't know where you live. I live in Georgia,
so florida. So I, I live, you know, metro Atlanta area. I live right outside of Atlanta actually. Um, but so since I am in Georgia, I'm surrounded
by um, heavy trump, supporting conservative people um,
who are very anti mask and
you know, with incidents of, you know, people, uh,
voicing their, you know, displeasure with having to wear masks and things in public. And it's just so frustrating because even when I go, you know, to the store or something like I like, I'll wear a mask and I, you know, use hand sanitizer and stay away from people, but it's just, I'll go there and I'll see people, you know, with like no mask on like trump hat, like not even if you feel like, like, I don't know, I wish we could kind of remove the politics from that because I feel like people would take it lot more seriously instead of just trying to use it as like a divide. I guess it's just a fleeting
well.
heard they were a vaccine so fingers crossed.
I don't know why we take
later.
It
was
like for her.
confusing time. Like, yeah, I totally get it like you got to stay safe. Yeah.
What?
Mhm
Just
keep
up
with
Something.
And
It's
like
the world.
I totally, totally agree. Although, Well, I think it's been about 25 minutes ish.
Well
good, but it's been great talking to you.
you seem like a really great person. I hope you stay safe.
You know,
I
get there.
I have a great night. Bye.