Hello?
I'm doing great, how are you to see me?
That's good. Were you on long waiting?
That's
That's good. That's good. So how was your date so far?
How kira?
Nice to meet you too. Right.
No,
I saw the preview. Um I keep thinking about it because I was on netflix today and I actually just watched, we just finished watching like 21 21 Miles. But Mark Walberg
Oh that was really good. I was really good. It had like such a yeah the twist, I'm not gonna tell you what it was about. But girl it was it was good at first, I was like okay whatever, but it kept you on your toes and stuff and Mark wahlberg is really like a tough I've never seen him actually. Yes, because he was in the Four Brothers or something. But yeah, it was really good. It was really really really good.
It's
tell me about it. Like why do you find it good? Because I was like uh because it
was more
about the chest playing and I was like
no no makes it
that's it.
This
the
peace.
Yeah.
and
especially
she's good
Okay I felt like a watch it because I was like I really was debating it
it's
good.
but
but you know I used to do that too, but what I found what works now for me, I actually go when I look at the last episode and it's the last episode is good and I'm like oh yeah I'm gonna go watch the whole series after that because I'll be so invested in the especially in netflix because they had really like some real good shows and I'll get invested and I was like, oh yeah, you know, you've gotten all psyched up in that time. I'm like, I binge watch um so for me when you reach the ending part, then you'll be like, are you kidding me? And then I'll be mad the whole time because I'm like I wasted all this time. I mean I know every end, it can't be the way you want it, but then it kind
of gets crappy
like during
mid season.
Yeah,
so I just started doing that recently child and it kind of helps me and stop superb. I won't just sit and watch them if it's not really if the ending sucks because then I'm like, okay, whatever.
it's
It
Yeah, that's how you do a child. We can't look some of those really be sucking, but yeah,
but
you know what I find it's good to the dude, I don't know if you enter this, but I started watching those uh spanish shows on netflix and girl maybe like over the place and I like, I like the ones with the girls who are actually the more how do I say boss b um and stuff like that. So like um the Queen of the South. So they had the actual spanish version of it and curl
especially seasoned.
Yeah, they have the subtitles so you gotta be really invested because if you want to be like you won't be like really interested if you wanna be like you got to read it because if you don't so yeah, my
mom, she got mad
at me because
of that.
It's
and
that's
good.
No
refrain.
Well.
that's
look
it
uh so what type of shows do you normally watch?
We
it
mhm
what did you call it The end? What was it?
okay,
No
was it good?
it
it's
this
Right, you're
not
think my husband would like that, it's also
just
pray I don't know
sorry no, no, no go ahead.
We have uh android, what you call another android, we have the fire stick, so we have um
one
of those apps so we will be able to watch it, so I'll definitely tell them because we're actually looking for stuff to watch because there is hardly nothing on television to watch right now. So we've been doing like a lot of reruns consistently. Like I can't tell you how much times we've actually watched for um The Avengers Endgame like it's crazy. It's like there's nothing to watch on television. I mean I guess because of the pandemic, but there's nothing. And then
part of me.
We started,
yeah, we did a lot of that. So we even started watching um that's how deep it got. We started watching those asian um Show us with a lot of karate and stuff like that. So even though we didn't understand nothing like what they were saying try like subtitles was like bomb. So we just watched them like oh babe and stuff like that. So we were really into that and we we binge watched all of those sugars and stuff. So we
even had our favorite asian actors right now that we see some of them doing the crossover um into a lot of stuff on Natch Black. So then when we see the crossover
so I'm like oh cool so so yeah so that's what we've been doing it because I don't know it's nothing on that's really interesting. Yeah like that so
So
here.
So
what
true, so did you watch um the one with what's his name? Chris Hemsworth when he did um what is it called? Expedition extraction or extraction? Did you watch that one?
Uh huh. That was one where he was playing um um how is it again? He was playing this uh sergeant or this army veteran or something like that who went to save this boy uh from these this terrorist group and stuff like that. I mean it wasn't really all of that, but a lot of people was recommending it and so we started to watch that but I was like uh
part of me.
No, it was a movie. Um do you know chris Hemsworth? Right. The guy who plays for
he he was the one who was stirring in it because I really thought it was going to be really good, but I don't like it like that. My husband left that. But
I
Yeah.
That's
all
I mean
It's time.
they
it's yeah,
usually
good.
it's
But
he
Or
And
right, right,
Great.
Well it's good print easier so you know
anybody?
However.
Why?
Right. Right. Right.
Let me have something like that most movies nowadays like so cliche that you'd be like should I even watch it because I already know the ending? But
I
yeah they have the same
same
crazy.
and
Mhm. Oh yeah I know exactly what you mean. My husband is like that he loves those crime shows. He just told me um today he was like oh N. C. I. S. Um new Orleans I think they have their new season out so he's definitely gonna be into that and I'm like I have to sit through that. But anyway I'm just gonna pretend to go to sleep
actually. It's been crazy for the last couple of months. I've really been addicted to the news. So
see what I love shenanigans that's
happening
and decided.
So, uh
yeah, just the elections
and just
And so I was like, so I don't know why I did it to myself. But anyway, I was doing that for a long, long time.
maids
very, I am one of those persons I consider myself, yeah, now that I'm older, I consider myself a little bit more conservatives. However, mhm.
I'm that type of conservative, what, what's going on in the Republican
Party?
So it's not part of me.
Yeah,
I'm just like
hmm.
So, yeah. So I just feel like, um yeah, they give, I don't want to get political, but they give Christianity such a bad name that I'm so so disappointed that a lot of people who I looked up to in the faith have really like mhm. They
like,
I just don't believe like they're following
the bible a lot, so,
so
so
I am so
Look,
it
was
And
you're right. He he he didn't um
he doesn't and it was it was just disheartening like I told my, I told my husband like what I mean, I'm gonna have the conversations about itself. I said if trump had handled this pandemic like a g he would have gotten to the office like this, but he didn't do it.
He decided that he wanted to profit off of it in terms of all these drug companies who he partnered with and I'm assuming that he has a, I guess you can find all the little tip,
it's after, you know, finding comes in the office, but how much stock he has into all of these different companies that he is promoting um, while in office. And to me, I'm just, my whole thing is I'm so disappointing and hurt that a lot of the christians support him and
from to me, I'm like, because me and my mom had this conversation continuously and stuff like that or whatever else and she had to break it down to me because I was like, ok, I can't even listen to this person no more and that person and I was just like whatever. And then she was like, oh, her friend supports him. And I was like, what I said, well, you know, I can't even listen to her preach no more because she's a
posture because she said, well, she broke it down to me for three reasons why people support him. And she
said all of them are not an alignment, right? But the three persons who support them were first of all, the christians are even invented a cultural holiday. Want to set up support them because they believe like he is gonna do everything christian e that they want
to
accomplished, such as putting all those conservative judges in the court system, such as, you know, um dealing with the lesbians and gays and transsexuals and all that other stuff, right? So, and then, of course, um, the abortion, which
I feel like it's not your business, what a woman do with her body, you
know, you know, I don't care who
you are or whatever
else. That's not, that's not your business, that's between her and God, You know, her God and whoever she laid on with or whatever else. That's who is not nobody else's business,
But anyway, they lobby. So it's those persons then she said it's the persons who are the racist because they finally found somebody who has their ideology and believe in what they're saying and stuff like
that or whatever else. And then the third group of people are the people who are the rich people because he made sure
that
they are
straight. So I was like, oh now I understand it. So it's so everybody willing to compromise their belief and other individuals because they only concern about their objective and you're not caring of the fact that hey guess what, Millions of people have now contacted this environment, this virus and hundreds of thousands of people have died were not what to 50 250,270,000 people. I think it is the
last
yeah, it's
going to be serious and you know, some people still don't,
I don't know.
To me, it's so crazy. It's like we be out and I see these people walking around like, yes, like it doesn't exist.
I'm
Rank.
Here we
go.
This is good.
they're
not.
I know.
He just made it worse than it is just like for me, I'm like, and that's, that's the thing what kind of confuses me so much so. And then my mom, she's like, girl worry about because you just go crazy thinking about. I'm like, you see what happening. Like I see you, you see me, right. You see what's going around, but yet in your head you still think like, oh, coronavirus, that's a democratic thing or a liberal thing or whatever else.
And
it's just like, it's mine bothering because I'm like, what's wrong? I swear. I think like live in an alternative universe. I'm like, I can't wait until the movie comes out. Because when he comes out, no, seriously, I got to see this movie because if people just look back and see all the shenanigans that they actually did and play back and see like, okay, why did you make that type of decision and stuff like that? Because
that's crazy.
In florida?
For her,
Mhm.
No.
Mhm.
And as well, I guess
we'll see what happened next year arranged by joe biden takes office to see if there can be um some cohesiveness. But
well, child plays, I'm not taking a vaccine anytime. So me neither. My family, I'm gonna wait till like
2022 after
like. Yeah because
it's
been
it's being so political and even though dr faucet is like okay well you know the vaccine is this and all this other stuff. Especially when I think what Spicer who who has something that says it's like 90%. I'm like you know what? That is so fast that I want to see like okay what happens in the next year for me personally before I take any type of vaccine. Um but I'm just going to make sure that me and my family are safe and we do the necessary precautions that we need to do because it's just it has become so political and so Russian, it's all about the money game to some people that I really you know it's just like trump made it so like cuckoo crazy out there that you you actually have to be thinking like okay should I take it? Should I not take it? Whatever Because I got somebody sent me an email today.
You got to it because you I don't know this during this whole pandemic. It really showed me personally like people who care and people who don't care uh regardless of race, regardless of sexual orientation, regardless of religion. It just showed me a lot uh and made me disappointed in a lot of people. So at this point I'm like okay let me stay in my corner
over here and do the best that I can do, and at the same time keep watching the news um
keeps looking at the studies, seeing who's doing it and whatever else. Um I
ain't
going with
nobody
who trump recommended at all. None of those companies. Especially because I think they said um what was the company um Kodak or Polaroid? It
was called up who They gave um They gave some money to Kodak. Yeah. They gave money to Kodak to develop a vaccine. And I'm like, well on doesn't code I do
with pictures and so see so
I'm like,
ok,
see the solution not against. It's weird. It's really right. But anyway, just pray and just keep moving and keep safe and that's all you could do in this time. Yeah.
Yeah. It has it
has
it has been great talking to you through. Right.
You
too.
Youtube
Youtube girl. You just to have a good evening. All right. Bye.