SPEAKER_L: just Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah this is yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. So okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Hi how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well. You?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good I'm Reagan nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice to meet you. I'm nick what?
SPEAKER_L: Um How's your quarantine? Ben? Coe
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um and kind of boring because I so january to March, I was a student teacher at a high school, our freshman biology classes and we were on trimesters for my masters degree, so I was going to finish student teaching March 20th, but in my state that friday the 13th, March 13th, they just shut down all the schools, so I ended a week early and since then I was supposed to be substitute teaching in other schools from april till june, but then I got furloughed and so I and somehow I couldn't make unemployment like somehow that I don't know, I don't know if I made a mistake or the state made a mistake, but yeah, couldn't.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: luckily ever since last summer I moved back to my parents house because I've been paying for grad school and it's expensive. And also about two months ago I started teaching tennis lessons
SPEAKER_L: isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: because I've done that the last two summers. So I made some money from that. And here I'm in Illinois here in Illinois. We're going back to having classes for schools. It would be like half capacity. So I have my teaching license for high school science, but I didn't get any job. I didn't land anything. So I and still going to be looking out for vacancies. But I am now going to be a substitute teacher starting like beginning of september at a high school. So it's going to be good.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: to hear. So you said you were getting your Master's in education that's
SPEAKER_R: as you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did you go to er where were you in grad school?
SPEAKER_R: So it's called National Louis University. Yeah. I think they just have, it's, it's based in Illinois and their main campuses in Chicago. And then I sometimes have gone there. I sometimes gone to one like up north and then there's one really close to me. So
SPEAKER_L: Cool. What about undergrad?
SPEAKER_R: on regret I went to Northwestern. Ah
SPEAKER_L: awesome I'm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Doesn't
SPEAKER_L: in undergrad
SPEAKER_R: often.
SPEAKER_L: right now and I remember when I was looking at colleges I visited Northwestern and I thought they had a really cool campus but never ended up going um It's all really cool though, so you teach tennis lessons right,
SPEAKER_R: this is my third year. The previous two years, I was kind of under a company, but I just went completely private this summer just because I can make more now that I am more confident and I have more experience. So yeah, it's mostly kids because I think there are some kids around here who I couldn't go to the partnership pool and stuff like that and summer camps were closed down. So I think a lot of them went to tennis and
SPEAKER_L: Freedom.
SPEAKER_R: lot of the courts have been busy. So.
SPEAKER_L: I bet. Yeah, I mean that's one of those things that we can still kind of do right now and I'm sure yeah that's awesome though and this is cool, mm.
SPEAKER_R: Well, how about, how about you? How's your quarantine been?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's been pretty good,
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: so I'm back home of course. Um I had plans to study abroad, I supposed to go to South Africa and new an internship this summer. Um And so I was pretty upset when that got delayed and it was actually kind of annoying because we're supposed to leave like in july and of course everything like started closing down in March and stuff but the program that I was doing it with was like oh we're going to school, I try to do it, we're just gonna postpone it a little bit and they kept scooting it back so I really didn't find out that I wasn't going until probably late june. Um And by that point like half my summer was already gone but I started interning in my um my mayor's office and or like underneath his um forget o his chief advisor. Um and that's been a great experience. Um So that that's all been going while I'm getting ready to go back to school now and I'm really excited about that. I go to Swanee um and they announced that we're having like in person classes there, it'll be like a mix but we get to go back to campus so I'm really really thankful for that because I'd be pretty upset if we didn't go back to school. But yeah my quarantine has been good for the most part. Just hang on my family working when I can and trying to keep it together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: have a sister, she's going to be a senior in college, so She just like you, she's going to have some online, some in person and he's like large lectures are going to be online
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and then in person it will be more like the discussion sections where they'll be like 10 or 20 students in like a larger thing. But she she was thinking of studying abroad this spring, this past spring semester
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: but she decided against it. But then some of her friends were studying abroad like in europe and they I think some of them didn't even get credits because they had to leave early which and she would visit them in March like to London for spring break and she
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: had to cornwall that. So yeah, it was
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: unfortunate
SPEAKER_L: stupid.
SPEAKER_R: for them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I would hate to be a senior right now. I hate that for like her. I guess at least she gets to go back to school, but I guess it's not gonna be the same at all. Um That's about where she in school.
SPEAKER_R: She's at Wisconsin Madison so it's just north and
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I have I have another sister who graduated from there a couple of years ago so Lot of Lot of Big 10. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Got it. That's really cool. Um So have you like, have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so this is my fourth time just because it's good money actually. They they did like I would say a couple of months ago, they did the first one and then I did my second
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: one maybe like a month ago. And then it seems like they just want a lot of studies now because I did the third one like a couple of days ago and they had like, oh, sign up for another time slot during this week. So I'm like, okay, that's nice. But then they, they have this new policy where they said, okay, if you've done for then they said that they can't police it, but that you should cut off. So I'm just, I'm just going to cut off after today. Really
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: mind
SPEAKER_L: last one.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Got it,
SPEAKER_R: it's good money compared to things that are like 50 cents or sense or whatever. So
SPEAKER_L: this one is definitely like worth the time. Me and my sister both do, I don't know if you're doing this three prolific or not, like we both do prolific and for some reason she hasn't gotten it and she's really jealous because I keep getting it. This is probably the 2nd 3rd time I've done it too. And I don't know why I won't show up for her. But this one is definitely like Worth the time compared to the little like $1 ones and stuff so. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: prolific can be like kind of competitive sometimes because I have a chrome extension, I use
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: google
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: chrome so it tells me like one of study is available. So like within five seconds I go into that available study is like zero places remaining.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm like
SPEAKER_L: know I literally I just like keep the tab open home doing other stuff like watching T. V. Or whatever. I swear as soon as stuff pops up it's like if and I don't know if it's just like a lag or something but I guess if it's happening to Youtube, maybe it's just the way the website works. But yeah it's definitely pretty competitive
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This has been nice though. Just having this, especially when I wasn't making any money in the spring just like, okay, I have this time, but I realized most of the studies are just during business hours monday through friday. So when I go back to subbing, I feel like I'm not going to make as
SPEAKER_L: You.
SPEAKER_R: much money on prolific, but I'm making money another way. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you said you're planning on substitute like because of c teacher until
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. So I,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: the last three years I was a substitute teacher, but it was in mostly elementary schools. So I'm hoping that being a sub in the high school setting and getting high school experience will help me. And uh right now
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I have my endorsement. I'm certified to teach biology, so I'm working on some post back classes to become certified in Physics and Chemistry, just so
SPEAKER_L: Both.
SPEAKER_R: I can kind of triple my options for jobs. So yeah, just working on that stuff and I I'll have one more class from my masters this fall and then I'll graduate in december. I don't know, probably not, I don't know if it's in person or online, but either way, uh it's not as bad as like if I had to do online for college or whatever. Yeah, that would be an ideal.
SPEAKER_L: Not at all. So what would be your preference like if you got to choose between Biology, Chemistry and physics?
SPEAKER_R: So back in college when I wasn't thinking about teaching, when I was a senior, I, well when I was a junior, I really liked physics, I did well in that class and it came easy to me compared to things like chemistry and biology. So when I was a senior, I tutored other students who were in the physics class for that whole years and we were on trimester should be like, I'd have a group fall winter and then spring. So I I really enjoyed that. And then after college I started doing other tutoring things. So I think ideally I would be doing physics just because although I have to relearn concepts, I feel like I'd be better at teaching that than the other ones. Also because I've always been someone who likes math and numbers. So I think just I had to do biology because I had my college be that I was a biology major in college, so I had to just do that for student teaching. So which it was fine anyways. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: but you said
SPEAKER_L: And you okay.
SPEAKER_R: you said that sorry, you were gonna say something.
SPEAKER_L: No, you're good. I was just gonna ask like verify they prefer to teach high school like rather than like middle school elementary. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: High school, because I also enjoy chess and tennis, so being able to coach those at the high school level and also with Physics and Biology, if I taught at a middle school, it'd be more like general, like kind of a conglomeration of them. So that's what I said. But I was sorry before I cut you off, I was going to ask. So you worked at the mayor's office, so you want to get into politics or some something
SPEAKER_L: So um definitely politics. I'm politics and english major right now. And it's funny so I'm a rising junior. So this is like my second call, my second summer as a college student.
SPEAKER_R: when?
SPEAKER_L: Um So last summer I spent this I'm really interning at a private law firm. And until then I thought until now, I guess that's what I thought I wanted to do, like practice privately and like not really getting to any government work because it's just it doesn't pay as well and like I've heard about how it's more stress and like I don't like the partisanship and everything else that comes to the government, so
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: um but like I think interning at the local level and like being able to see local policy and things that affect me like immediately and just it felt so much more like close to home and like now it's making me kind of brought in my horizons, but to answer your question yes, I do want to do politics, just not sure if that's going to look like legal help or more like in the government field, so.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: listened to this one science podcast and they always talk about how like your most affected as a person by local government. So it's like, you really have to make sure you get into those like small elections and not just like the big national ones, but also like local elections. And if you really are passionate about something that you go to like a town hall meeting and stuff, So that's what I've heard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, that's absolutely true. And honestly, like it's sad because that's typically the level of government that people don't really pay attention to, their at least likely to be involved in national national elections are of course, just as important. But like, I think there's a misconception about like what really affects you, I guess, because people maybe don't like see the immediate effects of it. Um But I'm sure they would if they knew like what it was, but but yeah, that's that's definitely true. So it's been good to working with them. Um And I think I leave like next week to go back to school, so this is actually my last week working, or I'm sorry, the week after next, so this is my last week working with them. And it's kind of sad because I've been with him all summer, like all summer, but like a month or so, and so it feels like we've gotten really close and it will be hard to leave, but I'm definitely ready to go back to school, so. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You must be because you probably what you you probably had to get off campus like in March or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so um luckily uh I mean I can't say really luckily with this, but it kind of happened to line up with our spring break, so as we were leaving for spring break, people were hinting at like packing up more than what you would think you'd need for spring break to go home. Um just like in the event that we don't come back, and then basically we just never came back from spring break. Uh That was really only an issue for people that were like might have stayed on campus. So I have like a friend from London, she's a what's it called? Not transfer student, international student. Um and she was like staying on campus because she didn't have any plans for spring break and that's just typically what she does, and so it was just kind of hard for her, she was like, well I mean do I go home or like do I stay here? And so um I know like for me it wasn't really a big deal because I live relatively close to the school so I could just like go back and get my stuff, but it was pretty difficult for a lot of people um but it's all over now, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And for that, for that friend from London, it's like, are there were there either even airlines or flights that we're going to London? Because I know a lot of we were shutting down flights to like different countries and stuff offer.
SPEAKER_L: and there was, sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I was just gonna say it's tough for international students, I would say.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Um and I'm trying to think they, I think that our school actually advised them like to not go home home, like back to their home countries because there was a concern about them being able to get back into the country, so it wasn't um the school is like kind of raising concern more about like the return then actually leaving their like you might be able to get a flight out but like, you know, a couple of months from now we don't know it will be. So um she ended up thankfully like that she had family in Dallas that she didn't even know about but she's been staying with them all summer and um she's doing fine but I know, I think they're like a handful of those students that have just been at school all summer like living in a dorm and I feel so bad for them because like I think I would probably like to stir crazy just but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My my sister, she spent probably a couple of months here at home. The one in college and then this whole summer I think she's doing some sort of research back on her campus. And luckily since she's going to be a senior, she already had like an apartment all set up so she didn't have to deal with dorms. So I think it's been good for her because she she does the research. But then also she has other friends like around the area or whatever escape for her.
SPEAKER_L: And what did you say she was studying?
SPEAKER_R: So she's a biology major also. And so I think she wants to get into biology research.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. So runs tim runs in the family?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, so I was a biology major. I used to be pre-med because our parents are doctors, but also I've had like Over 100 surgeries. So
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: basically I would get these little blood growth, like kind of along here, there's some scars and then sometimes on the inside of my mouth. So it was one of those things where I like the sciences. I did well in school and classes, I had parents and they were happy, although these tastes are not as happy with being doctors in terms of how the system is, but
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: there's that stuff and then all the surgeries and I felt like okay I want to pay it forward, but unfortunately when I was applying to med schools after college I just kind of went through this period of just bad depression and anxiety and I kind of got scared of okay, do I go through these 10 years of high pressure, not much sleep, blah blah blah, just to get to this thing or do I do something that I also like that won't be as mhm anxiety inducing or whatever, so yeah, so I switched to teaching and the last couple of years it's been the master's programs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Well I mean I guess you're still paying it forward because now you're like pouring into other people and that's like the same thing in a way, so that's really cool. Um I've never been good at stem so I can't say I relate in any way, but it's good to know other people who are
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I was never good at, well I was I was like okay at social studies and history, but then when I was in high school, the only class that I didn't take that was honors, the only like regular level class was english because I was just terrible at english.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: It was just uh All right.
SPEAKER_L: it's really a love hate thing. Like I have so many friends, I've got this like huge Shakespeare book that I lug around and it has like every single play that Shakespeare ever wrote in it and like they look at me like why are you reading that? And like for me it's just so much fun. But it's funny because like a lot of people just that would never appeal to them. But it's uh what? Yeah, I guess what you like sort of thing. So this is random, but like I'm looking at my tv, what are you watching on netflix right now? If
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: anything or healer
SPEAKER_R: a rare, I'm a rare millennial where I don't watch like streaming stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: Are you more like a cable person?
SPEAKER_R: so I only I only watched like two shows each year and they're on cable and other things on tv. I really like watching tennis and that's coming back in a couple of weeks. I'm excited for that. And then NFL because my friends and I from my high school, we are still in a fantasy football league, so
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: that's fine, but we're very we're kind of pessimistic about NFL happening, especially since baseball is seemingly becoming shut down. But I am what I do, I so I have this kind of like set up in the back, I do a lot of streaming, so I I watch streamers on twitch and I stream on twitch and yeah, so, and I also I just sold it, but I used to play the new Xbox with my friends, but I'm I'm trying to save up to get like a PC setup just because this laptops a little bit old and it would be better for streaming and maybe for like work stuff. So I um yeah, I went down like the video game route compared to the movies and tv shows throughout.
SPEAKER_L: got it. Fair enough.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I know some shows, like we have netflix on some of the TVs up here. So I see my sister's like one of my sisters who she visits on the weekends. She lives in Chicago. She was watching like indian matchmaking right now.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: is it called?
SPEAKER_R: it's like, it's called indian matchmaking. It's just like the show where these indian people date and I think it's like kind of popular because I saw a newspaper
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: article from the Chicago tribune about it. And then my mom basically once a week, like on sunday she'll watch the Queer eye show and I'm trying to think what else. My dad watches netflix sometimes and he's been watching Ozark, but he uh he was watching a good amount of the spring because he was kind of working from home, but now he's working back at the hospital, so he has like not much time. So yeah, just
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: different shows. What shows do you like?
SPEAKER_L: Um on netflix right now I've been watching community so I really like rick and morty and it's the same writer um does both of the show. So I think I'd watch it, but this is more like a sitcom thing. Um and it's actually like The Office. So I like it a lot. And I'm trying to think I've been watching a lot during quarantine like I probably fit it. I probably finish more like series than I would like to admit because I've wasted a lot of time watching Tv. But yeah, this is what I'm on right now and it's it's pretty good. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I watched Community. Well, I watched it on DVD, so I like in my room, I
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: have like maybe 20
SPEAKER_L: smart.
SPEAKER_R: dvds that I just can't really play anywhere anymore. But yeah, Community was really funny um just in terms of like, I don't know all the, all the characters like kind of had their niche or whatever. That's it was good. Yeah, and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think I'm sorry. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't gonna say anything else.
SPEAKER_L: I was just gonna say like um it's definitely I think I'm more like a sitcom person and that's this is probably one of the best ones I watch. I think I'm gonna watch Seinfeld next. I've heard it's really good. I
SPEAKER_R: $9.1
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: favorite shows. And I've seen every episode and I actually a couple of weeks ago because one of my other friends from that Fantasy Football League, he was really into Seinfeld, so I was bored one day and I just felt like, what would Seinfeld be like during the coronavirus? So I'd be like, so I just went through like, each of the main characters, like um like a lane who's just the one woman who Julia, louis Dreyfus, like I said, okay, she'll be going on a zoom date with a guy and he's a great guy, but he puts up like silly backgrounds in the zoom background and she like gets annoyed by that and eventually breaks up with him because of it, because you won't like change. And then like other other little stories that like um George Costanza. So um I can't remember. Oh Jason alexander. He works for the Yankees at for a couple of seasons in Seinfeld. So I said like I made up this situation where he basically was the sole person to shut down. MLB. No stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: it's very cool. Yeah I'll definitely add that to the list then now it's got a good recommendation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am. I used to watch a lot of tv shows like I watch The Office but I didn't watch any of it. Like when it was on netflix, new studies available on prolific. There's olympic notification.
SPEAKER_L: That's actually a good call because it's been 25 minutes, so I think we're good. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: What do you know exact the exact minute we started? Or like seconds?
SPEAKER_L: it was three o'clock. I think you might have gotten like maybe at 301 but like I think it was three o'clock. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I might I might wait like 10 seconds.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's fine with me. I can just hold on for a minute just to be sure.
SPEAKER_R: One prolific though because there will be the other one that
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: might Oh, I
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: see. They gave me this notification and there's like no space is remaining, so
SPEAKER_L: That's so annoying that that drives me up the wall whenever that happens.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. All right. Well, it was good talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking with you too. Good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good luck with college. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: Bye.