well
I'm doing well. You?
Oh, nice to meet you. I'm nick what?
Yeah, it's um and kind of boring because I so january to March, I was a student teacher at a high school, our freshman biology classes and we were on trimesters for my masters degree, so I was going to finish student teaching March 20th, but in my state that friday the 13th, March 13th, they just shut down all the schools, so I ended a week early and since then I was supposed to be substitute teaching in other schools from april till june, but then I got furloughed and so I and somehow I couldn't make unemployment like somehow that I don't know, I don't know if I made a mistake or the state made a mistake, but yeah, couldn't.
But
luckily ever since last summer I moved back to my parents house because I've been paying for grad school and it's expensive. And also about two months ago I started teaching tennis lessons
because I've done that the last two summers. So I made some money from that. And here I'm in Illinois here in Illinois. We're going back to having classes for schools. It would be like half capacity. So I have my teaching license for high school science, but I didn't get any job. I didn't land anything. So I and still going to be looking out for vacancies. But I am now going to be a substitute teacher starting like beginning of september at a high school. So it's going to be good.
Hello?
as you. Yeah.
So it's called National Louis University. Yeah. I think they just have, it's, it's based in Illinois and their main campuses in Chicago. And then I sometimes have gone there. I sometimes gone to one like up north and then there's one really close to me. So
on regret I went to Northwestern. Ah
Yeah. Doesn't
often.
this is my third year. The previous two years, I was kind of under a company, but I just went completely private this summer just because I can make more now that I am more confident and I have more experience. So yeah, it's mostly kids because I think there are some kids around here who I couldn't go to the partnership pool and stuff like that and summer camps were closed down. So I think a lot of them went to tennis and
lot of the courts have been busy. So.
Well, how about, how about you? How's your quarantine been?
The
I
have a sister, she's going to be a senior in college, so She just like you, she's going to have some online, some in person and he's like large lectures are going to be online
and then in person it will be more like the discussion sections where they'll be like 10 or 20 students in like a larger thing. But she she was thinking of studying abroad this spring, this past spring semester
but she decided against it. But then some of her friends were studying abroad like in europe and they I think some of them didn't even get credits because they had to leave early which and she would visit them in March like to London for spring break and she
had to cornwall that. So yeah, it was
unfortunate
for them.
She's at Wisconsin Madison so it's just north and
I have I have another sister who graduated from there a couple of years ago so Lot of Lot of Big 10. Yeah.
Yeah, so this is my fourth time just because it's good money actually. They they did like I would say a couple of months ago, they did the first one and then I did my second
one maybe like a month ago. And then it seems like they just want a lot of studies now because I did the third one like a couple of days ago and they had like, oh, sign up for another time slot during this week. So I'm like, okay, that's nice. But then they, they have this new policy where they said, okay, if you've done for then they said that they can't police it, but that you should cut off. So I'm just, I'm just going to cut off after today. Really
good
mind
and
it's good money compared to things that are like 50 cents or sense or whatever. So
I yeah,
prolific can be like kind of competitive sometimes because I have a chrome extension, I use
google
chrome so it tells me like one of study is available. So like within five seconds I go into that available study is like zero places remaining.
I'm like
Yeah. This has been nice though. Just having this, especially when I wasn't making any money in the spring just like, okay, I have this time, but I realized most of the studies are just during business hours monday through friday. So when I go back to subbing, I feel like I'm not going to make as
much money on prolific, but I'm making money another way. So
yeah. Yeah. So I,
the last three years I was a substitute teacher, but it was in mostly elementary schools. So I'm hoping that being a sub in the high school setting and getting high school experience will help me. And uh right now
I have my endorsement. I'm certified to teach biology, so I'm working on some post back classes to become certified in Physics and Chemistry, just so
I can kind of triple my options for jobs. So yeah, just working on that stuff and I I'll have one more class from my masters this fall and then I'll graduate in december. I don't know, probably not, I don't know if it's in person or online, but either way, uh it's not as bad as like if I had to do online for college or whatever. Yeah, that would be an ideal.
So back in college when I wasn't thinking about teaching, when I was a senior, I, well when I was a junior, I really liked physics, I did well in that class and it came easy to me compared to things like chemistry and biology. So when I was a senior, I tutored other students who were in the physics class for that whole years and we were on trimester should be like, I'd have a group fall winter and then spring. So I I really enjoyed that. And then after college I started doing other tutoring things. So I think ideally I would be doing physics just because although I have to relearn concepts, I feel like I'd be better at teaching that than the other ones. Also because I've always been someone who likes math and numbers. So I think just I had to do biology because I had my college be that I was a biology major in college, so I had to just do that for student teaching. So which it was fine anyways. Yeah,
but you said
you said that sorry, you were gonna say something.
Yeah.
High school, because I also enjoy chess and tennis, so being able to coach those at the high school level and also with Physics and Biology, if I taught at a middle school, it'd be more like general, like kind of a conglomeration of them. So that's what I said. But I was sorry before I cut you off, I was going to ask. So you worked at the mayor's office, so you want to get into politics or some something
when?
No.
That's cool. Yeah, I
listened to this one science podcast and they always talk about how like your most affected as a person by local government. So it's like, you really have to make sure you get into those like small elections and not just like the big national ones, but also like local elections. And if you really are passionate about something that you go to like a town hall meeting and stuff, So that's what I've heard.
Yeah. You must be because you probably what you you probably had to get off campus like in March or something.
Yeah. And for that, for that friend from London, it's like, are there were there either even airlines or flights that we're going to London? Because I know a lot of we were shutting down flights to like different countries and stuff offer.
I was just gonna say it's tough for international students, I would say.
Yeah. My my sister, she spent probably a couple of months here at home. The one in college and then this whole summer I think she's doing some sort of research back on her campus. And luckily since she's going to be a senior, she already had like an apartment all set up so she didn't have to deal with dorms. So I think it's been good for her because she she does the research. But then also she has other friends like around the area or whatever escape for her.
So she's a biology major also. And so I think she wants to get into biology research.
Yeah. Well, so I was a biology major. I used to be pre-med because our parents are doctors, but also I've had like Over 100 surgeries. So
basically I would get these little blood growth, like kind of along here, there's some scars and then sometimes on the inside of my mouth. So it was one of those things where I like the sciences. I did well in school and classes, I had parents and they were happy, although these tastes are not as happy with being doctors in terms of how the system is, but
there's that stuff and then all the surgeries and I felt like okay I want to pay it forward, but unfortunately when I was applying to med schools after college I just kind of went through this period of just bad depression and anxiety and I kind of got scared of okay, do I go through these 10 years of high pressure, not much sleep, blah blah blah, just to get to this thing or do I do something that I also like that won't be as mhm anxiety inducing or whatever, so yeah, so I switched to teaching and the last couple of years it's been the master's programs. Yeah.
Yeah, I I was never good at, well I was I was like okay at social studies and history, but then when I was in high school, the only class that I didn't take that was honors, the only like regular level class was english because I was just terrible at english.
It was just uh All right.
I'm
a rare, I'm a rare millennial where I don't watch like streaming stuff, but
so I only I only watched like two shows each year and they're on cable and other things on tv. I really like watching tennis and that's coming back in a couple of weeks. I'm excited for that. And then NFL because my friends and I from my high school, we are still in a fantasy football league, so
that's fine, but we're very we're kind of pessimistic about NFL happening, especially since baseball is seemingly becoming shut down. But I am what I do, I so I have this kind of like set up in the back, I do a lot of streaming, so I I watch streamers on twitch and I stream on twitch and yeah, so, and I also I just sold it, but I used to play the new Xbox with my friends, but I'm I'm trying to save up to get like a PC setup just because this laptops a little bit old and it would be better for streaming and maybe for like work stuff. So I um yeah, I went down like the video game route compared to the movies and tv shows throughout.
But
I know some shows, like we have netflix on some of the TVs up here. So I see my sister's like one of my sisters who she visits on the weekends. She lives in Chicago. She was watching like indian matchmaking right now.
So
it's like, it's called indian matchmaking. It's just like the show where these indian people date and I think it's like kind of popular because I saw a newspaper
article from the Chicago tribune about it. And then my mom basically once a week, like on sunday she'll watch the Queer eye show and I'm trying to think what else. My dad watches netflix sometimes and he's been watching Ozark, but he uh he was watching a good amount of the spring because he was kind of working from home, but now he's working back at the hospital, so he has like not much time. So yeah, just
different shows. What shows do you like?
I watched Community. Well, I watched it on DVD, so I like in my room, I
have like maybe 20
dvds that I just can't really play anywhere anymore. But yeah, Community was really funny um just in terms of like, I don't know all the, all the characters like kind of had their niche or whatever. That's it was good. Yeah, and
I wasn't gonna say anything else.
$9.1
favorite shows. And I've seen every episode and I actually a couple of weeks ago because one of my other friends from that Fantasy Football League, he was really into Seinfeld, so I was bored one day and I just felt like, what would Seinfeld be like during the coronavirus? So I'd be like, so I just went through like, each of the main characters, like um like a lane who's just the one woman who Julia, louis Dreyfus, like I said, okay, she'll be going on a zoom date with a guy and he's a great guy, but he puts up like silly backgrounds in the zoom background and she like gets annoyed by that and eventually breaks up with him because of it, because you won't like change. And then like other other little stories that like um George Costanza. So um I can't remember. Oh Jason alexander. He works for the Yankees at for a couple of seasons in Seinfeld. So I said like I made up this situation where he basically was the sole person to shut down. MLB. No stuff like that.
Yeah, I am. I used to watch a lot of tv shows like I watch The Office but I didn't watch any of it. Like when it was on netflix, new studies available on prolific. There's olympic notification.
What do you know exact the exact minute we started? Or like seconds?
I might I might wait like 10 seconds.
One prolific though because there will be the other one that
you
might Oh, I
see. They gave me this notification and there's like no space is remaining, so
yeah. All right. Well, it was good talking with you.
Yeah. Good luck with college. Uh,