just Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah this is yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. So okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Hi how are you?
I'm doing good I'm Reagan nice to meet you
Um How's your quarantine? Ben? Coe
that's
him.
isn't it?
Well that's good
to hear. So you said you were getting your Master's in education that's
did you go to er where were you in grad school?
Cool. What about undergrad?
awesome I'm
in undergrad
right now and I remember when I was looking at colleges I visited Northwestern and I thought they had a really cool campus but never ended up going um It's all really cool though, so you teach tennis lessons right,
Freedom.
I bet. Yeah, I mean that's one of those things that we can still kind of do right now and I'm sure yeah that's awesome though and this is cool, mm.
Um It's been pretty good,
so I'm back home of course. Um I had plans to study abroad, I supposed to go to South Africa and new an internship this summer. Um And so I was pretty upset when that got delayed and it was actually kind of annoying because we're supposed to leave like in july and of course everything like started closing down in March and stuff but the program that I was doing it with was like oh we're going to school, I try to do it, we're just gonna postpone it a little bit and they kept scooting it back so I really didn't find out that I wasn't going until probably late june. Um And by that point like half my summer was already gone but I started interning in my um my mayor's office and or like underneath his um forget o his chief advisor. Um and that's been a great experience. Um So that that's all been going while I'm getting ready to go back to school now and I'm really excited about that. I go to Swanee um and they announced that we're having like in person classes there, it'll be like a mix but we get to go back to campus so I'm really really thankful for that because I'd be pretty upset if we didn't go back to school. But yeah my quarantine has been good for the most part. Just hang on my family working when I can and trying to keep it together. Yeah.
No.
No.
All
What?
That's
stupid.
Yeah. I mean I would hate to be a senior right now. I hate that for like her. I guess at least she gets to go back to school, but I guess it's not gonna be the same at all. Um That's about where she in school.
Of course.
Got it. That's really cool. Um So have you like, have you done this before?
No.
this is
the
last one.
Got it,
this one is definitely like worth the time. Me and my sister both do, I don't know if you're doing this three prolific or not, like we both do prolific and for some reason she hasn't gotten it and she's really jealous because I keep getting it. This is probably the 2nd 3rd time I've done it too. And I don't know why I won't show up for her. But this one is definitely like Worth the time compared to the little like $1 ones and stuff so. Mhm
Yeah.
Is
it?
I
know I literally I just like keep the tab open home doing other stuff like watching T. V. Or whatever. I swear as soon as stuff pops up it's like if and I don't know if it's just like a lag or something but I guess if it's happening to Youtube, maybe it's just the way the website works. But yeah it's definitely pretty competitive
You.
Yeah. So you said you're planning on substitute like because of c teacher until
no.
Mhm.
Both.
Not at all. So what would be your preference like if you got to choose between Biology, Chemistry and physics?
of course.
And you okay.
No, you're good. I was just gonna ask like verify they prefer to teach high school like rather than like middle school elementary. Oh
yeah.
So um definitely politics. I'm politics and english major right now. And it's funny so I'm a rising junior. So this is like my second call, my second summer as a college student.
Um So last summer I spent this I'm really interning at a private law firm. And until then I thought until now, I guess that's what I thought I wanted to do, like practice privately and like not really getting to any government work because it's just it doesn't pay as well and like I've heard about how it's more stress and like I don't like the partisanship and everything else that comes to the government, so
um but like I think interning at the local level and like being able to see local policy and things that affect me like immediately and just it felt so much more like close to home and like now it's making me kind of brought in my horizons, but to answer your question yes, I do want to do politics, just not sure if that's going to look like legal help or more like in the government field, so.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, that's absolutely true. And honestly, like it's sad because that's typically the level of government that people don't really pay attention to, their at least likely to be involved in national national elections are of course, just as important. But like, I think there's a misconception about like what really affects you, I guess, because people maybe don't like see the immediate effects of it. Um But I'm sure they would if they knew like what it was, but but yeah, that's that's definitely true. So it's been good to working with them. Um And I think I leave like next week to go back to school, so this is actually my last week working, or I'm sorry, the week after next, so this is my last week working with them. And it's kind of sad because I've been with him all summer, like all summer, but like a month or so, and so it feels like we've gotten really close and it will be hard to leave, but I'm definitely ready to go back to school, so. Yes.
Yeah, so um luckily uh I mean I can't say really luckily with this, but it kind of happened to line up with our spring break, so as we were leaving for spring break, people were hinting at like packing up more than what you would think you'd need for spring break to go home. Um just like in the event that we don't come back, and then basically we just never came back from spring break. Uh That was really only an issue for people that were like might have stayed on campus. So I have like a friend from London, she's a what's it called? Not transfer student, international student. Um and she was like staying on campus because she didn't have any plans for spring break and that's just typically what she does, and so it was just kind of hard for her, she was like, well I mean do I go home or like do I stay here? And so um I know like for me it wasn't really a big deal because I live relatively close to the school so I could just like go back and get my stuff, but it was pretty difficult for a lot of people um but it's all over now, so.
and there was, sorry.
Yeah, absolutely. Um and I'm trying to think they, I think that our school actually advised them like to not go home home, like back to their home countries because there was a concern about them being able to get back into the country, so it wasn't um the school is like kind of raising concern more about like the return then actually leaving their like you might be able to get a flight out but like, you know, a couple of months from now we don't know it will be. So um she ended up thankfully like that she had family in Dallas that she didn't even know about but she's been staying with them all summer and um she's doing fine but I know, I think they're like a handful of those students that have just been at school all summer like living in a dorm and I feel so bad for them because like I think I would probably like to stir crazy just but yeah.
And what did you say she was studying?
That's cool. So runs tim runs in the family?
What?
that
Mhm. Well I mean I guess you're still paying it forward because now you're like pouring into other people and that's like the same thing in a way, so that's really cool. Um I've never been good at stem so I can't say I relate in any way, but it's good to know other people who are
So
it's really a love hate thing. Like I have so many friends, I've got this like huge Shakespeare book that I lug around and it has like every single play that Shakespeare ever wrote in it and like they look at me like why are you reading that? And like for me it's just so much fun. But it's funny because like a lot of people just that would never appeal to them. But it's uh what? Yeah, I guess what you like sort of thing. So this is random, but like I'm looking at my tv, what are you watching on netflix right now? If
anything or healer
Are you more like a cable person?
If
got it. Fair enough.
I
What
is it called?
Yeah.
Okay.
Um on netflix right now I've been watching community so I really like rick and morty and it's the same writer um does both of the show. So I think I'd watch it, but this is more like a sitcom thing. Um and it's actually like The Office. So I like it a lot. And I'm trying to think I've been watching a lot during quarantine like I probably fit it. I probably finish more like series than I would like to admit because I've wasted a lot of time watching Tv. But yeah, this is what I'm on right now and it's it's pretty good. Okay.
My
smart.
Yeah, I think I'm sorry. Mhm.
I was just gonna say like um it's definitely I think I'm more like a sitcom person and that's this is probably one of the best ones I watch. I think I'm gonna watch Seinfeld next. I've heard it's really good. I
can't
it's very cool. Yeah I'll definitely add that to the list then now it's got a good recommendation.
That's actually a good call because it's been 25 minutes, so I think we're good. Okay,
it was three o'clock. I think you might have gotten like maybe at 301 but like I think it was three o'clock. Uh huh.
Yeah, that's fine with me. I can just hold on for a minute just to be sure.
I'm
sorry.
mm
That's so annoying that that drives me up the wall whenever that happens.
Nice talking with you too. Good luck with everything.
Bye.