Mhm. Mhm. Hi.
I
can't. Yes. You hear me
well
very
much.
I know that she's just answering questions now.
no,
see
how long they
keep
trying.
I know, I'm like is it gonna be a real person like Yeah, I was like like like the weird part to you, like I don't even know like who expect like if you're meeting someone like like they were talking about a social event, at least you could like see the person as they were walking towards you and no, okay, I have an idea of what's like expect and I'm like I don't know who is going to be there, is it gonna be like super creepy? I don't know. All
like
how's my life? Okay.
And
a voice changer or something like I think this is made up. Yeah. Well, hello.
Hi, nice to meet you.
Um I currently live in Orlando florida. I've lived here for six
years,
but
I'm
What was that?
I'm from Missouri originally. What about you?
I feel
like
I only
know
that
because my dad's really into uh the
tv
show pawn stars and I feel
like took place there, they would go there. I'm like I feel like I've heard of the sound before, so I feel like yes, I know exactly where it is.
Well sense if you've lived here your whole life.
Oh it's terrible but you can't just like
here I am
okay, I'm going to kind of you
kind of get
that
by
I have a roommate, so that definitely helps. Like I have a person to talk to. So it's not like me completely home alone 24 hours a day and I am currently not working. My job is closed and there's not really a work from home option. I work at Disney World so it's closed.
Well,
I
could,
but uh no one's gonna pay for that. So I'm not a whole lot. But it's been it's been okay watching
a lot of tv. I'm working on Master's program so I have homework to do. So that's keeping me busy a lot of the time, but okay. Just waiting for it to be done. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. That's such a big change. Like I don't like online classes, but at least like I kind of signed up for like I knew I was planning to do that. But especially for people who were anticipating spending a year or you know, however many months in their classes. That's my door opening. Uh, we're planning on being in classes and going to be with other people for the school year is a weird song.
I wasn't
wanting to be home
with mom.
It's coming back.
Like I need my space and in my routine.
Thank you.
Yeah. Just one kid. It's the 22 or however many
like students. Yeah.
Now do you normally work at home or do you are, is like there's been a change for you too?
Oh really? My best friend's
attendant for american airlines.
Yeah. He's based out of new york city and then she got grounded. So she's now in L. A. Which is where she lives. But I've been following her story. So that's funny. I kind of know a
little bit
about what you do, sort of
There we go.
It is
How long
have you been
flying?
Okay. That's about the same. I feel like she's been three years, so around the same amount of time with her.
Her name is randy. Um Ricky Schwartz. She I want to say is I want to say it was three years ago that she had her classes like in March because she left because I worked with her at Disney and then she went to be a flight attendant. I feel like that's a very common um move for a lot of people
I've worked with. Yeah. The number of people I know who have gone on to the flight attendants from like, I think I know. So what every airline no, never get someone
to fly
though.
My dad, he's like, there's some really cheap flights and I'm like, I don't know like I if I go home, I want to go home to like stay, but I have a cat and I'm like, yeah, I don't really want to fly with a cat right now or any time really in general, but
I don't think that
will go
up. No,
not
for
her. Not for me, not for anyone.
How?
They are the pets that you like would keep like an aquarium or do they kind of just roam around and you feed them every so often when they come by the house?
Hello?
Finally.
Well there is a big different size difference.
How old
are
they?
Well
of
course
of
course we're good. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really feed me
but
no.
Okay. You like I can tell that's my turtle. Oh
you just
got all
of
that's
I like that. Like I've only had like fish and cats as pets. Like I've never had like I guess a reptile I guess that. Yeah. No. Amphibian.
Did you
Like, I think like salamanders or
newts or something.
I always rather gonna like, like the snapping turtle, like what
I always
think
of.
I like the like the, like
the
giant
tortoises, like at the zoo, you're like, okay, they look they look very calm, like they're just going to chew their lettuce and they'll be fine.
that's impressive. I would not have imagined that was part of their diet.
Me
too.
They probably are like, I feel like they probably eat like flies and
other kinds of things, so Yes.
Hello?
No.
I
don't think my only encounter I've ever had with like, like I guess whatever, like a water turtle, whatever is my grandpa, I went to see him like, he was like, we had like a like a trailer, I guess up in michigan, that was right off the river. And so I went up to see them and my grandpa was like, seeing his boat doing whatever fish thing you do. And I like, walk down to the pier to like, look, and he's like, look what I have. And he like, pulled this turtle out of the water and I was like, I just wasn't expecting and it was like, you know, like I'm snapping turtle and I like jumped back when I'm on a dock, so it's like, you know, three ft wide and I fall onto the boat behind me, luckily there was a boat, but I land like inside the other person's, but like, it wasn't towards my grandpa was away from it, I'm just like sitting on this boat and like, it was very scary. But that's the thing. So that's what I always think I want to think of. Like what, like turtles like that and so I'm always afraid to swim in rivers or like similar water. So like, I know they're in there and a little bit like my toes out of that, so I'm not into the river swimming.
Were you
eating
shrink?
And I know my hair will not look good once it dries, I
don't mind like going to the pool are going to be ocean, like what I wrote, I'm like so much work.
what?
Yeah, then you can take multiple showers down. No. Mhm mm
Yeah.
huh
Is that a thing that
people are getting?
Seven
like
I,
it wasn't like trench food, like you'd hear World War One or
But
interesting.
I don't know. I was like, it was gonna be like from people who are like so sedentary at home now that they're like not walking enough for something, I didn't think it was gonna be like part of the disease itself,
Like for like a kind of thing or Yeah,
Children.
no, except
like
frostbite or something, but that's not what that sounds like,
but
thank
you.
Yeah, I'm okay without that.
You think? Uh No. Yeah.
What?
No,
luckily I was pretty similar in in Nevada to every every month, standard weather here, so it's okay. Can avoid some of that.
Okay. No, I've been to the four quarters and I've been to California, but I've never been to Nevada in between.
I'm okay without that, No.
Already?
it is not me. Although I have replaced the air filter in my car once, but I don't know anything about the uh the workings
of
No.
What
I try
to
do some
stuff.
Two.
Have
you
have you looked at like youtube
videos of people who have replaced it?
Make
model of the car and everything.
You're
supposed
to have answers,
Well, I am so
sorry.
I don't have knowledge on that for you.
Yeah, you're trying.
Yeah. Um I did homework which was not not, I wouldn't say that's the fun part. Um Just because I am doing the master's program, I'm have two classes, two or three classes left. So I'm like towards the end of it. But for the last year and a half I've been doing like homework every single day when I get home from work. So that was a lot of my time. Um but like when I don't have homework or like in my like the weeks between classes I would try to do, especially this time of year when it's actually pleasant to be outside and you don't die from sweat and all the humidity. Uh park sometimes because we get to go into the theme parks for free. So I would do that sometimes, so that's kind of cool. Like just just go to Magic Kingdom, see the castle for an hour and then I'll go home. Like, just
like,
you
didn't
do that,
just say, hey, get, you know, get some ice cream and then, okay, I'm gon uh like I would do that a lot. That was like a very common thing for like my group of friends because it's such
an easy thank you. Like, well, we don't know what we want to do. Let's
go to Epcot
up.
Oh yeah, when it's free, I mean once you get in the park and like, oh I'm hungry. Okay, let me get this eight wrestle. Not
not as
far
as that way,
but at least the the entry into the park is and you don't have to spend money. I guess when you're there I just typically do um
Yeah, but then there's a lot of um I mean it's central florida, there is a ton of tourist attractions all over the place. Um So like my roommate and I, we actually got an annual pass and we go to Kennedy space center a lot, which is really cool. We get to see like a lot of like the rockets, like where they would build the shuttles or they have like similar, like there's
music,
yeah, there's so much time. And every
time we've gone they've had a different astronaut who gives a presentation. So we've got to learn about all these different missions and they're just like, Oh my gosh, these guys are so cool. And they're all like, you know, 60 or 70 year old guys now getting to hear these stories about space, which is something I will, you know, probably never go to, but they've gone three or four times a space. I've always thought that was like every time it's been a different
just
you know, my my third trip to space and I'm like, what, what? Oh good.
I enjoy doing that. Uh What about you? What sort of things are do you do? I mean, I know like I know about Vegas, but like what other things would you do at home?
I
would,
like
I can't fix this and I will. All right.
I don't
can see it.
It's
Is it like is it more decoration or is it also a light fixture?
No?
I
That's
so cool.
Like what do you wasn't made out of?
it's resourceful,
angry and fashionable. I love that. Uh huh.
No.
There.
Well, the first thing I kind of thought like you're not clear necessarily, but like uh like the sauce, not a sled like snowing, like a sled or a saucer, like those kind of like
kinda like old think and just when I was little and my sister and I each have, but they were like neon colors and they probably don't sell them as often in the desert I wouldn't think. But
but
they were
lighter weight than my first thought was like a glass bowl. Like that would be very happy. So not that right.
Good.
Yes.
To cover the, yeah.
Oh yeah. That's what they might have it in like a white and at least
it would come through like discolored I guess.
then it would go right
through there.
Yeah. Well, perfect.
Perfect.
Sounds
good. Then you put in like fancy
lighting to for the best, best lighting for appliance. Or is it just like a storage?
Oh, that's so cool.
And then
your computer, obviously
that's
how
it is. Yeah. Like I could definitely unplug mine. I just I don't I'm just like, I just want to keep it plugged in that was always full of charge if I need to take it somewhere. Not that I ever have anywhere to go, but good to have options,
you
know?
yeah,
probably
guilty
of
that. Oh
that's so sad. As
mom,
my
mom,
my dad one year, my mom because my mom where she worked was about like less than a five minute drive from our house to her location and she's like, well I don't always want to just drive that far, such a short distance. So he got her like a vespa sort of thing for her. So she was like nice in the summer, spring or whatever and it was christmas day that she got it and I was like having issues like starting and it turns out it was because they don't work very well in cold weather and it was, you know, winter, so it was just too cold for the engine start. But my dad thought it was like some sort of like block in the gas line whatever.
So
so he got out like a siphon because he's like you just have to siphon it. So they like start siphoning it but then he swallows gasoline and then he's like throwing up because he swallowed gasoline and we spent christmas on the phone with poison control as they then explained the best like drink milk or like want to do. And he couldn't like I mean he every time he like a all I could do was just smell like the gasoline that was like still like you know in his essence like in his nose or whatever. And then like
the poison
control people called and they wanted to check to make sure he was still good. So that's what I always
think of
it. Uh huh. But uh
go
think
yeah, don't do it.
But sadly probably not the first person that's ever done that. It had to happen
before.
I
don't
want.
I said I don't want to either. But
Oh, my dad's done that as well. We had a saltwater tank and that's what he would do.
I
I don't know. I mean at least it's just salt water. So it's like I'm like in the ocean and I got hit by a wave except it's not it's not fresh water.
I mean,
they
if I had to do one or the other, I was on fear factor and they're like, you have to choose one. I think saltwater went
at
least
one probably won't kill me. Yeah.
And what? Mm hmm.
My phone's been used for weird.
Like I'm using my phone too much.
I've had
my like, I think for 2.5 years and I'm like, it's probably it's probably getting up there in years now.
Wait.
I
feel like,
yeah, I think
I've seen them but I don't know how to pronounce it. Like
oh, that's that's that thing. Yeah.
And
we're happy with it.
I
know.
just come on back and get you a new one. You want it even more.
I'm cool.
I've never been able to figure. I know like I can see the scene like I know that's something that can happen, but I'm like, you know, you know, maybe I want you that
you're like,
I don't care. It's already broken.
Yes. Uh Don't forget to tip.
So
you said you like to make things apart and rebuild them. You you're doing it,
that's very impressive.
There you go. Did you get some good money for it too?
Not bad. Mhm.
But
I could have you on it,
you're, you're making it may be a little profit. There you go that way. Otherwise just be sitting in the garage collecting to us. So
Welcome.
Are
like
are you,
are you always at home or are your flights grounded or are you still doing some flights sporadically?
So you definitely
have the time for these crafts?
So you definitely have time for all the crafts and projects?
No, I like it.
I was like a shower,
like a
zigzag.
I like that.
there's something
else excited
that came
I feel like, I feel like we've all discovered
that like, oh, so it wasn't the time constraint. It's just that we don't have medication to Okay, got it.
Once you start it'll be fine. But it's that like okay,
we're committing to the bit,
don't
you?
I'm not
of them.
And
Like that's me. Any situation doesn't even have to be like a prop. Like it could just be like within that one day like I'm going to do the dishes and then
I'm over here now. How did I get here? I don't know.
But I found some gloves.
At least you're not driving lots of places.
Although it's only gonna get hotter coming into the summer now.
Like
I'm just excited.
Yeah. You must
have
spot to park hey.
then.
Perfect. Did you wait like it was at a knock
did I?
My sister ordered something on amazon and it took like four months for it to arrive because it was coming from china and then she's like and then it got lost and then it had to get re delivered and I'm like, yeah, I don't know if you're getting those.
No.
No,
I don't remember
ordering this.
One
day
I have already paid.
It's
worth it again for $3. Yeah.
Have you done like how long have you been doing surveys with like did you do it through prolific or is there a different organization that you do surveys with? Yeah. How long have you been? How long have you like been signed up in like taking them?
This
of course
I was like, I've only been doing it for like five days. Yeah.
I just started off actually was in my like one of our group discussion boards for my class and someone was trying to post a survey that they've created for the class. And then like, has anyone ever used this one? And then they kind of described it and like, wait what? And then I went to it and like, what else am I gonna do? I'll take some surveys. But my mom was like, this isn't legit. It seems super sketchy. Like I think it's pretty legit. Like it seems okay. But now knowing that you've done it for a year, like I'm like, okay, this seems
seems
over.
Oh, so so yes, I see. I feel like it's much more trustworthy.
No,
not yet.
Go ahead.
I saw
that.
All
Ooh.
Hi.
I mean and I mean, yes, like there's a time commitment to it, but for not having to do
much
work.
What
I was a psychology major in college and like my masters is also like in industrial organizational psychology. So like all of these like psychologist studies and like, oh, I could use this for my thing that I'm doing it. Like a lot of like applies to. But I yeah, they're also interesting. And I've also noticed like most of the ones I feel like I've done recently have been I mean, they've all been recent But they've all been like coronavirus, COVID-19-related. Like
how do
you feel in isolation? How does this impact you? And I'm like,
I'm sensing a trend.
I know.
Mhm. We'll come back in september, it'll come back next year. It'll be gone by july and like if there's a lot of conflicting information, I don't know.
If that's
really the organizational psychology so be like I've kind of focusing more like on like HR type of stuff. I feel like in my life because we each like we'll have our readings and they're like, okay now apply this to the topic of your choice. And so those are usually the topics that I like direct my focus towards. But it's kind of the way I kind of interpreted like when I explain to others is saying like there's like you can be a business major and you focus on like that may be the account, the the running of
the
business.
Whereas this is more of a this is the human management side of it. So taking care of the employees and how you use that social capital kind of thing. So it's a lot of like a lot of HR stuff, a lot of like hiring and a lot of like change management and stuff like that, which
is
lot of really interesting, a lot of it, I'm like, I don't think I want to go into this side of things, but it's cool. Yeah.
That's what it is. Industrial and organizational psychology.
Go ahead,
I'm writing this down.
Well,
and
I feel like,
I'm sure we've gone too are required time, so it disappears, there's probably
Yeah,
stated
I
have
Yes, I'm in
toes.
Uh
What?
My
it's an
app
or
Thank
you.
Hey.
Yeah, I'm like,
$0,
we call
that.
Yeah, man. I say, I'm just like,
you
will
get your earrings.
Yeah, there's
like
another
20
minutes or
something. Yeah.
Thank you.
Yes. It was
What?
I think we've all got to look crazy. Yeah.
Yeah.
A little clicker, whatever it is.
Morning.
jane. Mhm. Okay. At gmail. Yeah. Um M. E. S. C. H. N. A. R. K. J. At gmail dot com. Okay. Okay.
Um I said I am the first time in the end. The second time.
Okay. Both times, Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. Garden. And then do
you want mine
as well? Mhm.
Mes.
No,
no, that's perfect. Hold on, let me, yeah. Got it.
I have. I have it.
Yeah.
True.
Well that's because mine
has a lot of weird letters in it. So that way I can just I
will just send you
an email and I'll just say hey and then that way we can thank you.
good
luck.
I
hope
not.
That
also,
no, thank you
thing.
looking
forward
to
enjoy your survey.
All right. Bye.