Okay,
can
you hear me?
Perfect, I can I mean
no
I
cannot.
but oh that's too funny. I actually am really surprised that a human being actually was on the other side of this, this chat session because yesterday nobody showed up and
I was like I was going to be like one of those studies where there you know like some psychological thing getting stood up two days in a row or I don't
know,
I
promise
I'm glad to single.
well I mean I like to make sure you're in a well lit area because no one wants to talk to someone in shadows. Like that's
true. I don't
just some guy in a hood like those like undercover cop things with the drug guy that's telling the
stories.
so
you too, so where do you where are you located at?
so
you're in the
US
to
you're in the US to That's
I am in, I don't know if you've ever heard of Henderson, it's like the next biggest city next to Las Vegas in Nevada and
I've
been
here
my whole
life
slot
machines.
my goodness.
oddly enough I actually went to school with those guys. Yeah,
yeah. Yeah. No actually we were we were really good friends actually the but you know what the owner of that, I hate that show like I just I cannot stand to watch it.
Well
Right. No the Corey's dad is such he's not a great person, he is a he's a scumbag
in
real
life,
right? Like oh grace, but how are you doing in isolation? Are you dying of boredom? What?
yeah, you could dress up as
a character but nobody would
enjoy
it.
No.
Yeah. My uh my my daughter was uh let's see because school they kept school out here like I think March 14 I think. And um for my two younger kids and then but my daughter goes to BYU in Salt Lake so she her BYU closed down like a week or two weeks before the kids down here did and they just were like three doors are closed by but she still had like all of her finals to do. Yeah, she just finished her last one online, she had to do it online.
And away from home. Yeah she's she
was
bum
right coming back come back to me. Um But yeah no actually what's worse? 10 times more annoying. I've actually gotten so bored, I started playing Pokemon go again.
All right, it's making a comeback single handedly. Um But my two younger kids 1 to 13 to 19 and I like the first day that school was out I was like, oh my gosh, you guys are so irritating. Like I cannot believe how annoying you guys are. Must you guys keep talking like this,
Mm. Oh I've wrote in my son's teacher like four times, like I just want to thank you because
what you do is amazing and how you do it with more than one of them is insane to me.
I know.
Oh it's crazy.
No, I'm actually a flight attendant for american airlines. So I've been home for
23 weeks.
Oh no way. That's too funny.
that
is
And I know your dad's favorite tv show guys. It's like we were,
it's like we've known each other all our lives, right? No, that really is a perfect example of it the world. So it's a small place,
everybody is connected somehow or one way or another. Okay.
That's
pretty
neat. What? Uh Four years.
Huh? That's pretty cool. That's too funny actually. What is ah what's your name?
transition.
Comes
in
handy. Oh, that sucks Right now is the time to fly? You want to come to Vegas? I think it's like 12 cents.
Right? It's not,
not
ideal.
Oh, that's
too
funny.
Oh, that's funny. I have I don't have cats and I don't have dogs, but I do have three desert tortoises. Who One is actually the oldest one I have is like 30. And he's
like, and he's huge. He's big and he's extremely heavy. He's actually outside right now behind my trash cans. But then I have two other ones. I don't know if you can see it behind me or not. You see what this light is over here. It's like a little like, I think it used be made for like holding firewood or something next to the fireplace. But I put dirt in it and put my baby tortoises there.
Oh no, my bed. My big one. Turkey. He does. He knows however he goes however he wants to. Maybe that's it. These ones though, they stay in there,
it's your first video chat. You know what's crazy? Is there like from the same exact litter? Like
the same, exactly the same exact size. This one just started getting this big, he was never this thing.
I know. It's so strange
when
you
hold on one second I gotta throw some lettuce in their thing. I didn't
realize
there was no
food in
there.
Got it. I didn't realize they were so empty. Yeah.
Mm. Oh. Oh
yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, they were completely empty,
right? Like what are you doing? Don't come over here without food in your hand. But yeah, no. Turkey. My big one actually just put them outside because I was feeling bad. He'll literally sit in front of my door in front, the front door like and just pace
back and forth. Like let me out, let me out and like he'll scratch at the door. Okay, fine Turkey. But like I can't let him out front because I don't have any like a fence. So it's just like an open guard and then He's been stolen out of my backyard like three times because
I guess because it's so huge that people just Yeah. Yeah. And all from my neighbors, which is really awkward.
Oh no, that's your 30 year old desert tortoise. My bad.
Sorry.
I
didn't realize there were so many. Exactly. Sorry. Wrong tortoise.
Well,
yeah, I think that's where turtles are amphibians because they're like sticking or wet
and amphibians remind me of like sticky, gross slimy. So
What?
Yeah. Or like water turtles, but they're mean, I don't like water turtles whatsoever
and
they
will,
that's
what they're
gonna
do.
And then they ate a duck and then they swallowed a duck hole.
They
are,
I think there aren't total supposed to be omnivores because I've
question,
uh, we have this place, it's called Bonnie Springs out here. That's like a it's like an old town. I guess that they say that it was old Vegas, but like it's tiny, like a almost like a play setting. And they have a petting zoo in this little place and there's a whole bunch. I mean they're huge water turtles, but I'm not kidding. Like I've seen them eat
ducks, they're like really gross.
Like, oh, oh my
gosh,
No,
I'm
not really into swimming period. I swear. I think after I turned 30 I was just like it's not worth it. This took too much time and
effort to submerge it in there and have to redo it again.
No.
I can count that as a shower and do two things at once. No, not happening. Unless I get hygiene credit for this swim.
Not not going to happen.
Yeah.
So I just, yeah, so I, you know, like on google, like if you just open regular google page, I just looked down at my phone and there is, it's like the google news feed, regular stuff and it's this disgusting picture of a foot. Yeah.
Right. And, and it's called covid toe.
Bye.
I don't know. You know, I never opened
the news stories. I just see the pictures and I'm like, yeah, I can assume I know what happens, but I think
we'll find
out what the coded toe is.
I don't know, Chill blames the painful red inflammations that are normally associated with exposure to cold air.
A similar condition has been showing up with COVID-19 patients. Oh,
now you gotta check your feet.
Yeah. Like what would that be like? Like maybe like a fever blisters?
Yeah, I have
no idea. That's just really grows. I've never heard of anybody getting painful red lesions typically in the winter on their feet and toes and fingers either though.
Like I didn't know that
was the thing.
like,
oh, I have seasonal lesions and that's not
a thing. I don't think
that's just busting. All right.
Right there. Just seasonal, it's cool.
not much for sandal
weather, that's
growth.
Yeah. No, here it gets, so, so have you ever been to las Vegas Nevada
right over the border? Um it's excruciatingly hot. Like 128 here in the summer.
but you know what our winter because I hate, hate, hate the cold. I always say the cold makes me bitchy and it's like painful for me. So like even in the winter when I'm like it's so cold, I hate this. I'm like no, I'll take 130, like literally right now. I think it's like 105 and it's hot.
Yeah, I was getting ready to charge my air conditioner in my car because it's like not cold but I was looking at it, I was really kind of hoping that whoever my chat person was maybe knew about cars is that you?
The
air conditioner? Yeah.
Well they sell this thing, it makes it super easy. It's like a can with the hose and you charge it with whatever the hell is in the can. But everything's like find the low pressure valve or low pressure hose for the air conditioner. I'm like in my like, uh,
not seeing it, I'm not seeing nothing here. So
I got
my,
my
right, I got my manual out, but then I googled it too and it's so weird like google usually. But today I'm having a bad google day I guess
because I haven't been
able to
find anything I'm looking for.
Hi.
Oh yeah. Yeah, no, it's the matter of just finding the one wherever I'm supposed to hook this thing too and I can't,
I don't know
right? And it's like I'm literally putting in the year and the like everything. Why is it not just popping up? This is google. This is how your, this is
what you do
google,
right. This is terrible. Huh?
Well,
so
I'll figure it out and if not, I'll put it in the wrong hose and blow something up. It's uh it's it's quarantined though, so nobody's around.
What? That's the safest part. Um What did you do for fun before quarantine?
ahead
and
lunch
with
Nikki. It's cool.
Out
well,
And the price
is definitely Right.
It's a $9 water. Yeah,
Those
are airline
prices.
Right. Because who doesn't?
And there's
so much to see there. I mean it takes what? Probably, you know, 50 trips to still see stuff that's new.
Just
there. Like a they go
on the weekends,
on.
Oh, at home. I love to build things. I I break things just to build them again actually. Um I like to I don't know I guess just make things I'm very D. I. Y. And I don't think it's I don't I like to think it's because I like to make my own things but I think more it's just because I'm cheap but I do just hate that. I'm like there's no why would I pay that? I'm sure I can figure out how to do that, like yep I can never figure out how to do that. And I mean my husband's just such an idiot that he just he doesn't he has a hard time believing like I can do anything. Like if he can't figure it out then nobody can, he doesn't know the difference between like a toaster and a hammer so it's a little bit rocky sometimes.
but so
for the most part like I'll learn how to do things just to prove him wrong
but.
Oh you know what do you say? Oh it's
too bright in here. So this thing hanging up behind me on this thing right here it
is,
it looks like a cloud like so at night time if it was darker it looks exactly like a storm cloud, it is so freaking cool because there's like some um I put some lights inside of it too and it looks freaking so awesome because you use fishing line so it's just like floating, it looks like like an actual storm cloud just floating in the air.
Oh it's definitely
a decorated or decoration like really? Because
it doesn't, I mean the lights that are in it. Oh jeez. My aunt called me yesterday at the same exact time. Weird. I'm about she's gonna believe I'm in a virtual interview again. Um But she but no it's uh like I guess just for looks because the lights are in it right now, I've actually ordered some more to put in there so I can change the lights because I like them better. It looks way cooler when it's like a regular white light. But the ones that are in there right now are like blue led lights, so it doesn't look as natural but when the white lights are in there it it's like crazy, like it looks so realistic. Thanks.
I
love that light. I'm gonna make a ton more of them.
So it's actually um I've had pulled apart a bunch of throw pillows, it's like loose poly film I guess they call it like but in credit pillows because I had to recover my daughter bench and I have all of this freaking stuff left over a lot of it. And forever. I saw those lights like I've seen him on Youtube and stuff and I'm like, man, this looks like a lot of work, but they're really cool. So then like it just dawned on me like three days ago. Like, oh my gosh, are you kidding me? They took a clear jar or a clear bottle and glued the freaking polypill cotton onto it. That's literally all it is. It's like the inside of it's like a Hawaiian punch the big jug. It's
crazy.
Yeah. I don't know what is really what like what's clear that you can make a, like this huge like the, like the what's a clear, I guess jar don't container
I guess that you used to make because I wanted to make one like the size of my coffee table. But I can't think of anything like maybe like clear tube,
like a big like a poster tube. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah.
Sally
but I bet amazon does.
That's
actually really smart.
Might have to
put a nail in the ceiling instead of using my air vent as a hanger. Um
But no, that's a good idea actually because then you don't have to um it would just be one because you just put on the underneath of it, right? And just make sure they come up the sides enough to where it looks like it's
not empty or hollow in the middle. That's really smart. Actually. I wonder if they make those in clear plastic because the light has to be able to go through the plastic.
now
Or two. I can also drill holes in it though. I
do
love Power. Cool. Yeah
right. I turned my um I have my pantry in my kitchen. I turned it into a makeup room and amazing. It's like a fortress, a makeup fortress
hair and makeup
portraits.
and
Oh no. Yeah, no it's like a total like it's like a huge walk in vanity
wow. I know you know what, I leave my computer plugged in constantly so if I unplug it, it dies. Oh but I wonder because it's not that far. I wonder if I have an extension cord. It's really cool. It's a really cool room. Um I don't think I do, I don't I don't think I have an extension cord that goes that far. Uh I always tell my kids like don't like your hoverboard plugged in, don't leave this plugged in, don't leave that plugged in because it will ruin
the battery.
And I literally never, my laptop is never not lived in like ever. So
I am plugging. It's
like
I, I think I've just ruined my battery. You know like overcharged if
you
overcharge something that it doesn't hold a charge.
So I think that's
what
I
did
Just like the razor mope it all over again. Right? My daughter wanted this stinking Maupin thing. That's like, it was like a razor but it was like battery operated, like a, like a car battery size. But of course she plays with the on christmas day and then we plug it in and then we forgot about it literally for like three weeks. But then she goes to play with it and she was only allowed to play with it one time because then it wouldn't charge. Yeah.
that's too funny.
I forgot
about
that.
Fuel
line. What?
That's
hilarious.
That's
funny.
Oh, that's
good stuff. That's hilarious
actually. And the poison control at the same time probably was like, that's what you get for siphoning someone's gas.
Oh, that's too funny. Oh
Well
you know what? I've never, I've never experienced that, but I did know
somebody
that
was cleaning out there. What was that?
No. Um, but this friend of mine was cleaning out his fish tank. It was like a huge whatever the big ones are that like have stands on them. And he was, I guess to start it, like to siphon the water out because he like put a hose outside of the window and to start the suction. He did that exactly same thing. But with special water. Oh
When is he going
to learn to stop cycling stuff
and
there you go in there. Hmm,
definitely not as gross as gas though. Oh.
Who be water or gasoline? Fish
water
please.
nope.
What is this? My phone never rings ever. Sometimes I have to check to make sure it's even working. Mhm
I know my phone, I'm just, I got to get a new one that's driving me insane. It's so slow. I don't know, maybe it's Pokemon that's doing it because it is a recent problem,
Right, I go outside and play Pokemon and my phone gets too hot for me to hold. It's like what the, like my sons found fine. I'm like, what? What is going on here? What is wrong with this stupid thing?
But
I think mine's a year old. I don't know. Yeah, I don't
know. I want to get one of those phones though. Like that has the weird name. It starts with an X. It's like X. I. A. O. M. I. Or something like that. It's like
usually
they have them like overseas.
But
neither.
Yeah exactly. But now the there's so much more advanced than ours. They're crazy. Like the cameras are like 48 megapixel. What? I think the newest iPhone is like 12. It's
insane.
And we're like yes, I got a better phone than you. Yeah. Yeah. I know my daughter is like a iphone freak. I am an anti I hate Apple. Oh I just hate them and I've had to do like so much work on them that I'm like how is this company successful? They have like the strangest problems. Like I don't understand how their own business still
well because their
products keep breaking. Yeah.
I actually
thought about changing my profession to iPhone repair because I literally work on them so often. I've actually got it down to where I can change the screen out in under 20 minutes, right?
You know what helps is working or trying it first on one with a really broken screen, so where if it doesn't matter
and
and then you get a little more confident, but you know every single new one, like because people ask me now, like can you do this? And like, oh my daughter's friends from school and like, okay guys, I said profession, professions pay
okay, right. But yeah, I know every time I start when I'm like a little bit nervous, especially if it's not mine. But no, it's uh it's always worked out
thankfully.
Exactly. I did build a whole fully functioning personal companion robot, but
yeah, he's really cool. Um But I actually just sold him so I made him for my kids like two years ago I think and he's literally collected dust since the first week after I felt that I was like are you guys serious? This is the coolest thing and you guys just have cool shit, why do you guys not understand that? It's like you guys have cool toys, they don't care. So I put it on offer up and somebody else is enjoying that cool robot now.
$150.
no I actually a lot of the things that I build so like I said my husband's retarded. So of course when I build something um that's awesome, he will not say anything about it, like it will kill him to like complement it. And so I will usually put it like an offer up or let go just to see like people like, okay, yeah,
it's actually cool if it's not just me, you know, people will want to buy it.
Yeah. And I mean, I actually end up selling a lot of the things that I do that too. And Mhm. But I mean it's good because I usually like pick them up from some, you know, like a thrift store, some some guy off of all her up or something and then I make it into something cool and then I end up selling it. I guess that's why my house is full of article stuff cam. I should probably keep some of this cool stuff. Okay.
right. And it gives me definitely something to do. So yeah, it's definitely
a constructive way to pass the time. Especially now
now
I'm like
now.
Yeah, no, I'm I'm home, I was doing sporadic ones for about three weeks and I've been home since like such
I actually.
What's that?
Definitely. Yeah, I like told myself like okay I'm not gonna start any that I'm gonna use this time to finish all of the crap I've broken and now have to fix like one thing at a time. Where do I start? Because I also love to paint everything and apparently I didn't know but they hate it, they hate how colorful my houses and I wasn't aware of this for like ever. And so I'm like okay I guess I will take the, like it's just it's really colorful.
Well, so this hallway though. This is ridiculously horrible though, so because I started like playing with um right,
it's like just
so
bright. Yeah, everything's all bright. So
I've got to change that hallway. But like even then like I'm in quarantine, I can't do anything, there's nothing there to go, there's nothing to do. And I literally have taped off to paint that hallway, it's been like a month, like wow, maybe I'm not busy, maybe I'm just lazy.
I
mean that's
what's happening right all the time in the world. Still don't want to do it. Yeah. Uh huh.
Pop.
Yeah, I want it done. Don't get me wrong, I just don't wanna have to do it.
Thanks.
Yeah. You know what I actually read this or I downloaded this app, it's called deep stash, That's what it's called.
So
it's got like all these like little like snippets, like basically like a whole, they take whole articles and they just put it like into like one sentence, um different categories of things and it's really, I really like it but that's one of the biggest things like motivation, like the initial motivation startup, it's just But yeah, it's actually really neat um Like they've got just different, like it's something, what was it that it was like, I don't know, like I'll read things. I'm like, yeah, I guess that makes sense. That's that's not just me then. Good or
like procrastination.
Oh, uh But yeah, no, it's it's it's pretty neat. I don't know. I spend a lot of time looking for different things to like I guess just procrastinating is what it is really. It's like, I'm like, I'll look for things to make this job easier to do. Four months later, I
now have four different projects started and I forgot what I was doing in the Everglades. Right?
I know.
I literally started to do that air conditioner thing at 8:00 this morning. It's still not done. But I did find my gloves. I didn't find the love that I wanted, but like 20 minutes into my tool closet I'm like, what the fuck am I doing? I don't even need gloves.
I found some rubber ones and latex ones. So cotton ones and some mesh ones. That's crazy. But these aren't the ones I wanted. Yeah. Meanwhile the car still hot as hell. I can't go anywhere now because the car is too hot.
That's true. That's very true.
I ordered a pair of earrings off of amazon. Like, I don't even know. It was like in february. They still have not been here. And amazon pulls up like every day and ups, they pull up next to my house. Like if you're going to my neighbor's house, pull up further, don't park in front of my house. Like I'm ready to cut these people throughout.
Like stop.
I just want my earrings dammit
what
I'm doing.
wow jerks. But so amazon was pulled up again. I'm not getting my hopes up though. I don't even care. I'm not even looking. I'm
not going to get up and check.
where'd
you go? All right. Not going to check. I'm home if you guys need me. I don't think it's for me. Yeah, they're jerks.
Yeah, Because I use, um, I use these two websites. It's called jump sinned and snag shout and they literally give you like, so there's like selective. Are you familiar with them?
Oh, so they have like, they have selected products, right? But like a ton of products, but there are usually no less than 50% off and there they give you the coupon codes to get it on Amazon. But recently they've like really, really started like most of the items are like from china. So then you look at the look on amazon because like usually I'll look and see how long it's gonna take to get here. And I'm like uh that's longer than three days now. But it's like like most of them all of them are like you know July 5th like what? I don't
know if I'll be able to do that anymore, it'll come in july. It will be like what the hell is this?
This
doesn't fit. Whoa! But yeah uh That's the worst but that's annoying. I don't know why I was still holding out hope like it really coming but it's not coming. No
but no.
Yeah so I um I actually messaged the seller of the seller and the seller was like Can you wait another 15 days? I was like well I don't really have a choice, do I?
Right. Exactly. Like I guess I have to but no, it's awesome. So and that's the thing like I probably would have just been like no screw it, just give me my money back. But because I used one of the codes off of that site, these earrings, they were only like $3. I'm like yes, I'll wait. Not
patiently.
Right, not gonna sacrifice them when they finally get here for $3 of Amazon money.
Um A while. I think over a year I think. Yeah, it has to be in over a year, maybe even
three
year.
are you serious? Oh
I've
actually,
I think it's more like three years. I've done it
well. No. Yeah it is. And so like when you so you haven't cashed out anything yet or have
you?
So as soon as you do like the when you start cashing out things, I think you have to cash out maybe like two or three times. And then after that, every time you cash out it's instant. So like the first time in the second time is like uh like a waiting like a two day waiting period or something like that, and it goes directly to your paypal. But then after that, like, I think it's like once the system gets used to it, it's just instant. So it's really
like I can actually log on like, you know, and it's in german british pounds that they pay you, so you
just
converted it Inside paypal for free. But it's always like a little bit, you would think I would know the conversion rate by now, but I don't so it's like cash out like sometimes I'll cash out 505 or you know other times it's like like the other day I cashed out like $76. But it's like mm It's like a little extra surprise because you don't know what the amount is really going to be.
Like I cast
out 42. I got
50 Like a little surprise party. But no. Yeah it's definitely legit. I'm almost I've almost reached $1,000 I think. Yeah
they
have
them on your phone or two. I don't and I find them interesting. I find them a lot more interesting than like the survey sites that are like do surveys and get points and then spin this will and you know by a game. And I was like what? I don't want to do any of that. But these ones it's like always like I don't psychological studies and I find it interesting. it's definitely better
than click click click.
I
know
I
really it's like they're trying to get like the risk the risk assessment for like future epidemics, like I'm really hoping that shit doesn't happen again, I
don't think all this study is necessary,
right? And I mean jesus if it's going to come back it's going to come back, can you just open my casinos again please? So what what did you say? Industrial something psychology,
is that he said
the
number
side of it?
my
goodness. Like
what is the what are you, what's your major now or what are your what's your Master's program are you in now?
Oh that's the same. Okay well that's awesome. But you know what I actually like as I'm thinking about this because like Harvard because I know of a couple other things that are very um like similar to prolific. I know Harvard it's not prolific is definitely the only one that has like the most um most often like that you can log on every day and find a good thing, but like Harvard behavioral studies, they do some that are remote studies that they will.
Um I'm pretty sure stanford too.
saying I'm trying to think of. Yeah, so I use this one. I don't know, I don't know if I'm able to open a way I can use my phone. Uh I don't know if it will ruin this window or what will happen if I try
to open
another
tab.
No, I meant the window itself, so I wouldn't lose you because I wanted to log on. There's this other one that I use that um It is they've got like active. Yeah. Who the hell is this? I think this might be one of them calling me actually one second. Hello? Oh no, he's not. I haven't seen him in quite a while. Thank you. Oh um,
but it's called shoot, what the heck is that called you
because they pay
and
it's like by the project. So it's like, um, but you were just saying something and something you said reminded me of that because I think they were looking for them, like people that fit exactly your demographic for this like study they were doing. And it pays like, I want to say like 300 bucks or something,
right? That's why I'm gonna look up and see, oh hang it every time I open google that stupid foot is there? Oh gross. Ha
Well put covid toes. Yes
you are. Um, that's so nasty.
I can't believe that's the thing. Oh where is it? Oh, it's called user interviews. It's like green I think. Yeah, the green, the thing is
little symbol strength. Yeah.
And
then we just looked up
available studies and
I mean there's
a like right now there's, I mean there's so many of these at home studies that people are doing that. It's crazy. But yeah, there's all kinds of these like cool little sites that like I found some really strange, like prolific has definitely offered me some like very weird like experiences I would have never done before. Like, like this, like I would have never sought out and had a
conversation with a stranger
on the
computer. Oh right. I'm like, yeah, yeah, that's worth my time for sure. Maybe they'll know about
cars
too.
Uh huh Oh, that's too funny. I'm sure. I'll figure it out. I always do, but I need
a new car
anyway. Right, okay. See now I hear a ups truck again. Dammit.
Uh But you know what I am gonna get off of here because I guess we have more questions to answer
and
if
I'm going to be
done, hopefully
I bring
I'm hoping it's not gonna be a whole ton of questions. I do have to go at three somewhere. So I'm
thinking like crap, I should probably get off and answer those questions just to make sure I have enough time to get going. But it was really nice to meet you. Um
I was gonna say if you want to give me your email or I can give you mind if you wanna like ever you know contact again or if I ever see a study like that again or something, you know that sticks out. I know why am I getting my purse away?
Because I need a pen to write something down. Uh No, I don't. I have a phone. Gosh, this quarantine sh it's making me crazy.
right. Let's see here. I have it. I'm on the I'm on the thank you. Okay. Um I
don't even happen. I don't even have to. Right, I like situations where I have to use my phone pin.
Yeah. Damn it. Come on, get in now. Okay. My email is
have a lot of them. Um Mes C. H. N. A. R. K. Jay At
you say amazon mom or amazon nancy?
Oh, it's M as in mom?
shoot,
shoot.
Wait look here. My phone broken the thing. But it's that
I was that backwards
for you.
Okay. I was like the second time. Oh wait, she's talking about the other end in there. Okay.
Alrighty. Right
I'm ready. Or if you want to just email me from there,
then I'll have yours too if you want.
All
I don't,
I'm
Sounds good. Well then I'm going to jump off and answer these questions about how you did. I don't know what the questions are actually.
It's
probably like, do you feel like you got COVID-19 from this? Like
or maybe
covid
toes? I hope.
I hope
I didn't get Covid coast.
Mm hmm. Gross. Um,
but I, I will talk to you soon. That's awesome.
It was nice
to meet
you.
Oh, you too.