all right?
So I was trying to use my other work. Uh I'm
sorry. Yeah, because Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm.
I'm good. How are you? Bye.
I mean that is very true. Have you been working for now?
That sounds fun. That sounds I hear a lot of people are actually starting right now right now
to have their finals.
What's the people on?
attachment. You have not heard of attachment there?
Yeah. Yeah. Everybody off your boat.
I feel it's like um how you end up seeing videos online of animals that are raised by a different animal and then they end up getting the characteristics from something different.
No.
the circle.
And then that's how unhealthy really, just start from the beginning. What?
Perfect.
Jimmy Slawson. Is it just a theory right now or is it an actual
You
want to
get it if you were important, you call me? I guess it's ready to. Yeah, but it just makes a lot of sense because yeah, I mean I'm not entirely sure we have examples in your life where it's happening in front of you. Yeah.
Being uh yeah, well I guess you're having investments, right?
Mm like how you were saying how you get an under your astronauts something
it
oh um it's not like working because I could get a different like
all
mm No, because it lost 13 and five and I forgot what I was trying to say.
Oh right now um Well I do several things right now, I'm like a curriculum for like my my uncle was pretty elderly and so um I usually end up taking hear him throughout the day and then and I ended up finding uh like a really small job at a liquor store and then I end up bringing their at night. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a pretty interesting place because you end up getting people that go every single day to buy the same thing. I agree some more. It's like have people that go in there and b bye. Like do you know how big opinions. Yeah paying a vodka every single day
and then I think that every single thing
and um there's usually fights outside, that's when it gets one, you just want to win again and then they end up finding in between each other. Yeah it's really sad because the area where the liquor store is that is um he's a very poor area. Yeah and so you end up seeing a lot of um what's your name? Yeah there's a lot of bad stuff happening around them, a bunch of illegal stuff happening around you. Like for example, there is a a guy yesterday you came I was throwing the trash in the dumpster in the back, great. And he was back there. He was going to the bathroom rain. Uh I'm going to the bathroom please. And he had a basket cart but the cart that you get at the supermarket. So and he had a trash back in there, like a like you have to trash by grade. And he was like, oh hey, do you like to smoke weed? And I'm like, no, I don't really like to smoke weed. Mhm. And he was like, oh if you want some weed different from the better, you know, it's like what? And then I won't go and I look inside the bag right and inside this bag is just bank all week. Where did you get this trash bag? Just
My internet went out. I had had with my phone.
it better?
Uh huh. Yeah. But yeah, that's just that's the type of stuff that I see every single day. Yeah.
Yeah, because then there is just like for example this other this other girl. I mean I don't really know how old you are, but you seem like around her. Each right?
No, just I mean I mean you honestly look a little bit younger.
You are.
No, then he rolled it and she's like or 25 around their kids. Yeah. And so she came in crying right? I was like what's wrong? And she's like oh this guy was just amusing, I'm like okay, it's like I'm trying to turn my life around and I'm like ok okay then I kept on asking your questions right? Trying to see if I could help her, trying to see if I could um like point her to like the right direction, like a direction where she could go out and she was kept on being very vague like oh no I can't do that or I can't do that, and then I'm like why why can't you do it? And he's like oh it's because yeah, yeah okay, it's because I'm addicted to meth Yeah and I'm like I wasn't really expecting that. Uh huh Mhm. But yeah it's just a lot of people around there really need a lot of their
lot
of people are um like abusive household, sorry parents weren't around or I'm very fortunate where my family was around and I didn't end up having to uh huh struggle on I guess
But when
be ju just grow, I mean like what part of the country are you from
and through the United States, right.
You live in Jersey? Oh here like on the other opposite and the meal. I live in California. Yeah.
Yes thank you
being
so
I mean there's just in southern California, there's just a lot of stuff you have, I mean the whole coast is a beach. Yes you have san Diego, you have Los Angeles. But anything. That's right. Do you, do you know um I don't know when it happened like a couple years ago, it was like a news story, like a big news story of this uh guy that ended up shooting uh someplace.
Yeah, that's the city where I worked at. It's a pretty terrible series. You shouldn't go there.
It's very weird because you go to the downtown area, right? There's a lot of federal buildings there and it's all nice. But if you just walk a block in any direction you just see everything it's just poor, there's nothing more.
Mhm. Because how is it in Jersey right now? What?
good. Do you have your masking?
I
heard
I have this mess that my mom made me, right?
And it has like a little
we're
knowing because that's the only fabric that we had.
Oh like that's very cute. That's very cute. I mean there's just um it's just it's not as bad here. Mhm.
I mean now
I mean it's also much the um okay you can't you can't I guess you can't really go and do so because everything's close around but there just isn't anybody else on the street unless they're going out to work or something like that.
I mean I assume that you don't feel like going out right?
I mean I don't really know what type of person you are, but like for me, I really didn't go out in the first place, and so
this
is
normal,
definitely.
I
didn't
I didn't really get a chance to do that. I mean, I don't really socialize that much when I was in college. Everybody just kept to themselves, thanks.
Mhm. I studied business administration. Uh I mean, it's not that it wasn't interesting, it's just that a lot of the stuff that I learned in college, right? I was part of sort of like a really not explaining in high school we had yeah, something that was called in the academy. So it was sort of like a branch from the high school where you had classes that were specialized on whatever the academy was. So the academy that was a part of his business, right? And so all the things that I learned in that academy, right? I ended up learning again in college. So all the classes to me ended up seeing boring because I mean, I already need everything else.
And so that didn't really swish, it didn't really taking like to pay attention that much because so I mean, are you what they're saying?
No, I don't drink.
I don't
going to parties. No, I mean I I enjoy going to parties and I mean most of the parties, I go to our I just feel the mexican people. So and national parties. I mean, I don't know if you've been to school. I don't, but they just filled the food,
well
the
food
on their filled with um the bouncy castles. And so I would go for the food and the bouncy castles, so I would just spend part of my time eating and another part of the time just going over there where the kids were and then just bullying
on the whole
time.
No, I
mean
do you like drinking down food?
I mean during college, a lot of students in college like to drink. Yeah, I mean I don't know about the dancing part because a lot of guys don't really like to dance,
but.
You don't know how to dance or they don't want to dance,
you
know?
And
winter.
whoa, I mean all I know how to do is just how to shake my, but that's it.
I mean I don't know, I just I've just never tried to dance,
it just feels very weird.
Actually, okay, so then my best friend, he has three brothers, right? They're very sheltered in a way. Mhm. Because um like if you ever put them in front of a girl, right? They they just freeze up. They don't They don't know how to socialize with the one. And so the more outgoing one, which is still pretty not outgoing, he started going out to clubs, he started to drink, he started to dance. And so he ended up getting a girlfriend and so his brothers like saw him doing that sort of thing. And then they also started to drink and they start to dance. And also far they haven't got a girlfriend, but they just seem a lot happier as people because they know how to
yeah, I'm having fun in a way. I mean, I feel like you can have fun without drinking.
Well,
I guess in a way, yeah. Because depending how you dance, because some people who know how to dance better than others, Right. Yeah.
And so yes. Do you think that you're pretty good dancing? Yeah.
Now
do you need to invest after you drink?
Yeah. My cup a very good way to put it.
clear.
You're like a hype man.
And be like you have your policy, right?
Yeah. And you'd be like the one that's something everybody up the whole time.
Oh, I feel like that that's something very awesome
because I mean how many people have that friend in their life that just amp them up to the point where they feel good about themselves doing whatever they want to be comfortable.
Because I mean what's your favorite song like singing in karaoke?
there's
to
boot.
Are
you sorry
you hear
from?
I mean Really? I'm gonna put it on right now.
What
you know what I'm doing?
People All right. Can you see the album cover? That's a pretty damn good album cover.
Just
don't
get it.
Okay. I wasn't from I mean, it's just uh hearing the name of the song. I thought that I was but I don't think I'm familiar with the song.
No, it's because look, I guess in a way I lived a very sheltered life between
it,
isn't it?
I look between
I'm 27
isn't that between like one and like 21? Right? I didn't really have cable. I didn't really go out to like the movies, and I didn't really I didn't really smoke uh experience like a lot of the normal things that people usually experience, right? And so I just don't know a lot of pop culture references.
Yeah, because well oh, I did was just play sports.
Yes, I just played soccer.
Well
you're
talking
about, Yeah, it's a lot of fun. And so for them, what is the other song that you like to? The song that you like to uh just saying when you're not drunk?
I assume that when you're in the shower destroying renamed
the shout.
I don't know. I don't really really song that I just think I was trying to go through my place right now. I'm like, there isn't really a song that I just sing, like I like to home. Does that count?
Because I mean I have that common problem where you end up hearing song, right? Yes. And you think that you know the lyrics and then you end up seeing the lyric on like the website or something and then it's something completely different. Let's see where it's from. Do I like to sing? Mm Thank you. Uh But can you see me? Hurricane Austin?
Because I can't really see.
Yeah. Sorry. The internet went out on my own. Uh huh.
I don't really know what's going on. My internet was usually very stable.
Yeah. So I don't know what you got to hear. What you didn't get a chance to hear. But
oh, I mean I can't really sing you a song. I don't really have a good thinking points.
Oh. Uh huh. So hard to choose just one song.
Well what do you want? Okay, first of all, not first of all, uh which is a song in english or a song in spanish.
Uh
Oh song and dance. You don't really have songs.
Uh So the band name, it's called Silvestri S. I L. V. E S T R. E. He which is why. And then like L. A. And then narrowing which is N. A. R E N. G. U. Almost. Do you know spanish or do not know spanish?
Okay. So then that's a that's a band that's an email a band which is Sylvester
in
the arm. And
so
then
the the name of the song is called, oh should I choose uh I guess the most popular songs called Dallas is a Status which is T O. D. A. S. E. S. A. S. And then T. A. R. D. S
goodness listen, I just like I really like that song. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. I really feel like they could be a big bang.
Sure. Like it could be a good bank, but I mean it's just that they're very small time right now. Yeah. Or like if you want something in english 11 thing to an english two. Yeah. What's my favorite song in English? It would probably be Empress. Yeah by the Morning Service. That's a pretty popular song. I've heard that song right now.
I want.
Yeah. I mean I'm not sure if you like indie music now.
Check
like I have her problem where a lot of small bands right?
I love indie indie artists right? They come over here to like Los Angeles or san Diego right? And they usually end up selling out the show's over here because people over here like very hipsters. But if I would be in like any other part of the country I could probably get tickets for a decent price. Yeah.
On a couple Like I want to pay like $20 for a ticket. I won't be like $100 to
go see
something.
Yeah. But you will someday
everyone.
No. Yeah I was gonna go to mexicans.
I was gonna go to mexican banana. I was supposed to live in april
that first week.
Yeah. I try to go somewhere at least every single year.
Like last year I went to Columbia Children. Yeah and then the year before that I went to Mexico in the year before that I went to wow I went to Columbia and then the year before that I wanted chile. Yeah this year I wanted to go to Peru but I can't really
go further.
You should go to prove
the tickets are really cheap right now. Yeah because
I
was I was
ready
to take
it.
I was looking at the tickets like a month ago And there were $200.
Well
for a round trip ticket from Los Angeles to lima which is the capital walter.
And they have uh their quarantine over there is more strict.
Whoa.
Yeah. Yeah. You can't be honestly can't even go out. If you go out Doris you will find you like It was like $10,000 or some player.
It's
not fine.
No, this is the perfect time 12. Because I mean you have an excuse, you'd be a foreigner. You really don't care if it was somebody like from there because actually put this. I don't know. I just feel yeah like okay thank you. Travel marina would be a good idea
if
Would you be in a huge bubble?
Like you know like
hamster
dollar? Like a handful have support.
Oh I honestly haven't been watching anything right now.
But uh I mean I could I'm very into detective shows.
Have you watched Luther?
Yes. Okay. Have you watched uh I mean since you watched Luther I assume that you've already watched most BBC series or now?
Did you end up watching Broadchurch?
Okay. Yeah. Do you like Doctor Who?
Okay. So you know uh kind of forgetting his name right now? All right.
Like when you series of the Doctor Who right, not the first one but the second Doctor
I
forgot
his name or give attended. He's in he's he's the star of the film.
So
Broad Trip. It
has its tomorrow. Yeah, he's very good at it. And uh uh I mean I watch I'm trying to remember the name. It's called Shetland.
It's a defective show too. That one started a little bit slow for me. But as the as it went on through the season and guard Okay.
That
has
what
the
help.
Yeah, it's not the spanish isn't.
It's just Oh so uh oh there is a series that I got recommended. That's very good. That's called The House of Flowers.
Okay. It's a very gay show. That's the best way to explaining. It's a story about a family, a family that owns a prestigious um flower shop. And then the last one is Social in is about a Scottish detective show. And then uh there's another one that's called Uh I forget the name of that one. It is old hinterland and downs a welsh detective shin.
and
No, I don't know which one.
And
according to the
sea,
because
there's
other
means to watch them
well. Yeah.
Mhm.
Before
What?
there's actually very good, more regionally that I watched. I just remember the name of it. Mhm. But it was a very interesting movie because it was all set in just one room. It was just all it was all just one take in one room.
It was just a guy that was responding in 911 call. Mhm.
Yeah. It was nice talking with you, too.
Yeah. Youtube. Thanks. Yeah. But.