Yeah. Is that who I think it is. Hey, how are you? How about? All right. Wait till I think of a way to know you're in the old days before you actually left. I'm gonna need your face your bags. I don't care what you way. So let's review it will say she shine, whatever. Thank you. Like I was focused dress. But actually the thing is going to say thanks. I got mediums for my fat juicy s. This must be cool and solve it. My mama said wrong like top is cute. Mhm. Oh yeah. Thank you. I want to make how so? Mhm. Mhm. But I'm trying to find myself like and respect. Yeah, wow.
Hi.
I
Hello? How are you?
you want? Okay. I guess that's where anyone can do right now.
Um I'm a grad student so I've been doing school stuff
starting what?
Yeah. I just have one paper walked right in the 11
I'm studying psychology, some of them it's from, it's like it's for like a class I had to like pick a topic for and read about a research paper. So I'm writing about attachment theory.
Yeah. Well it's my favorite theory if you want to hear
uh basically everyone forms an attachment to their caregiver when they're babies. So stereotypically it's the mother but it can be any caregiver that's taken care of you.
It's like um the attachment that you form like affects your relationships like throughout your life essentially. So like most people have a secure attachment and that's what like a healthy attachment is. So like that would be like you as a baby you use like your mother as a secure base and like you go to her and she's very receptive to like your cares and like what you need. Like if you're hungry and crying like she responds to that need or if you're scaring your crying, she responds that need like that
sort of thing and then you feel safe to explore. But then there's insecure attachments if the mother is not like properly
responsive to your needs essentially.
not necessarily. Uh So I can insecure attachment is technically like an unhealthy one, but I don't think it necessarily means that you'll be an unhealthy relationship. It just means that uh they're like so like let's say you have an insecure attachment um and your avoidance, that basically means that uh typically like for these like toddlers and babies, their mother was not responsive to their
needs and she was like kind of on and off about giving them what they wanted and then the baby just got so fed up with that that they wanted to avoid and push the mother away. So like those end up being like the people who don't like getting attached to people later, like they want to push people away, that sort of thing.
Well, I mean technically everything's a theory, but there's a lot
of evidence just
where
Like having attachments,
like what's the question? Sorry,
look, I'm sorry. You cut off a little
bit.
Mhm. No, your mike is fine. It's like uh your wifi is a little slow and
sometimes you like, yeah, it's okay.
That's okay. Well what do you do?
And the drink that every day, wow
one.
Okay. Yeah, I'm sorry if you can hear and see me you just caused, so that's why I'm like not responding to. Mhm. Okay.
Oh no problem. Alright. Medina.
Uh So far it's okay, so
it's pretty rough.
I'm not yeah
I have a baby face
but I'm about to be 23 you so I'm not under age.
I'm sure.
I know.
That is fortunate because I'm fortunate
in that way as well.
I live in Jersey.
United States. I live in Jersey.
So far.
Are you like north
or south California?
I've never been to California but I really would love to visit California.
Yeah.
Kathy.
There's a lot of cities like that.
Well the virus is pretty crazy. Uh Where I think our governor just extended our stay at home stuff until mid june now.
Yeah, I have a mask. We have to,
you have to wear masks
in all stores.
Oh my friend, Maybe a mask too.
That's
so cute.
That's cute. My friend, I don't have it in my room but my friend made me a mask and it's like light blue with polka dots on it.
It's
pretty bad here.
Yeah, that's pretty much true here too. But it's still pretty bad here. I mean we're right next to new york. So obviously Jersey was going to get decimated as well.
Yeah, I pretty much only go out like I go out like once a week to go grocery shopping, but that's pretty much it.
I was
like,
I mean
I miss like socializing people. Like it sucks to
have to sit at a desk all day and this will work instead of like getting to go to class and like seeing my friends and studying with other people. But I sit in one room all day or even just
going
to get food with my friends. I missed that too. Mhm.
Where did you study?
We see. Yeah,
but don't socialize either. Didn't like go to parties or drink
I don't
think at all.
they
are,
it's
true.
but you wouldn't
drink
and dance
missed
out
for sure. I do. Uh
Yeah, it's
mostly a lot of, well when I used to go to frat parties, it's a lot of girls just dancing with girls because guys don't know the dance,
they don't know
how
to dance there, just like they just
stand
there and sway back and forth. They don't really do anything where they go like this, you know like it's not dancing
so he needs a nap. All you need to know,
you should
should get a friend to go to a club with you. Dance. Yeah.
They're socializing and having fun.
Of course you can. I'm just saying it's a fun,
it loosens you to dance. Yeah.
true.
I think I'm not like a dancer dancer, but like
I can dance.
I think I have more confidence after I drink.
my favorite bar right now is a karaoke. They have karaoke every friday I live for that and my favorite
thing. Yeah, because I just like to go up to whoever singing and like dance with them and hype them up. So I'm a fan favorite. The karaoke
Of course ma'am. Yeah,
of course,
every time.
Thanks.
that's true. That's what I try to do.
um well if I'm drunk then it's which I'm going
to
be,
if I'm going to sing
carry
because
I can't
sing so I have to be drunk, cannot sing. Um so once I am drunk my top song is Baby got Back, so that's my favorite song for karaoke.
No, I'm not singing it because I'm not drunk
and I cannot sing.
Yeah, I'm not going to see when I'm not drunk.
No, it's the best song.
It's
such a good
song.
You don't know the song.
That is such a like iconic
song
that you don't tell me. You don't know that song? Yeah,
How old are you now, millions?
You know that song?
Okay I guess that's fair.
What sports did you play?
What sport? Soccer? Yeah,
that
would be
my guess.
when I don't sing, when I'm not drunk because I can't sing Uh huh mhm mm
well
why are you only asking me what's your favorite song to sing?
Okay, what song do you home?
I can see him.
Oh you can't see me mm. Yeah wow. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm.
It's okay.
Did you tell me a song?
Yeah then just tell me the name of the song
Top five then if it's so hard to choose
both, I love both. Yeah
give me some more hispanic songs to dance to.
well if you don't like okay just tell me your songs that you like. I won't put anything on you.
I don't really know spanish. I know like some words.
I got
me.
Which
one is
your favorite?
What is that your favorite?
I'll listen to it later.
Yeah I was looking at them that money. They don't have that many monthly listeners on Spotify.
I have not heard that song,
I'll listen to it.
No I do like indie music, I like a lot of different music. Pretty down
pretty much down for most things.
wow.
probably not here because they're going to new york and also selling expensive tickets usually.
I
know
I would definitely go to concerts if I could like afford the tickets.
I mean
I was gonna go to a concert and then I got canceled because of the corona so
you're gonna have Mexico dang.
time
how long are you gonna be there? Mm
That's nice.
through
irony is from Peru and I really want to go to Peru to
I wish I could
right now
that
was
the best
time
to go.
Mhm. I wish
that was the price all the time because
you're definitely not gonna risk my life right now.
Okay but the point is the flight and the airports not
safe.
lovely.
Perfect
time to travel.
No, it's not
know a good idea.
I guess.
I like
those bubbles.
Okay. I have one last question for you. I love tv shows a lot. So what's a tv show that you've recently been watching and enjoying?
How?
Okay. Like what?
Mhm. It's a good job.
I mean I watch a lot of tv series, I'll be honest with you. Big pastime of mine.
I didn't watch that now.
I did really like Doctor Who? My dad was a big Doctor who fans used to watch it with him.
Was it one of the doctors?
do
it.
Lieutenant.
I might
watch it.
Well,
what's it about?
I'll
keep
them in mind.
I'm about
to finish
money heist so I'll need a new show to watch which I recommend. Money heist if you have netflix. Mhm.
Yes it is from Spain. Mhm
what's it about?
you do really like detective shows. Um
Do you have HBO?
there's a
there's
good,
there's like a I was going to recommend like a really good series on HBO for you. Um All right, she
was
like a
book,
what the heck is it called? Uh Let me find it. I just watched it. I've been tracking all the tv shows I'm watching this year so it's on the list.
yeah mm
the ba foreigners is what it's called.
Okay. Yeah It's like before and foreigners like in one word it's like about well it's it's like a Norwegian show and it's like these people are like randomly time traveling to the future, they don't know why but then there was like a
there's like a mystery that the detectives have to solve, but it was really good.
that's cool.
That's cool. Okay, well, I'm going to go, but it was great to meet you and talk to you.
I hope you have a great rest of your day.
Bye.