Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? What interviewing right now? Oh yeah Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah please Well yeah.
Hi. Okay. Uh huh.
Um I'm all right. How are you? I also
feel to talk
to a stranger. How does it feel to talk to a stranger someone you never met?
Oh I'm not gonna lie, I'm not too sure what to talk about
so
I'm from America, where are you located?
I'm in California, so what's it like in texas right now with all
the current
events going on?
Um Right now I live more in a small city in California so I don't think it's as big as texas, so people here are definitely forgetting that there's a pandemic going on and they're going out a little bit more often than they should without the face mask. Um Especially since I think in the recent years they said that they're saying that face masks were mandatory when originally they said um it was voluntary, so I was just, I was just outside earlier and people are like, oh my God, what are you going to say now? Face masks are probably not going to be like they're going to be technically useless or like who can we trust anymore, so
Well,
The reason
is,
that's really good of you to also think about the people around you, so,
Of
what?
um so yeah, I guess I've been self quarantine. I actually recently graduated from college, so I graduate
into
the pandemic. So it's been it's been super surreal to come out of school and um go back home and being stuck at home. Um So what kind of things have you been doing when, when you're in self quarantine?
Like?
What?
Um honestly right now I'm mostly watching netflix. I actually tried writing um but I think especially when you're quarantine for a while because creativity kind of, it's stimulated when you go outside, it's a little bit hard to be creative, but it does give me time that I didn't have when I was in college to read the books. I want to do a lot shows right now to get a getting a little bit more boring but um hanging in there hopefully. But
More.
Um I've been, I could online shop, but especially when you go into amazon, it takes like 25 days for stuff to get here. Um So I do go to online growth. I mean I go in person grocery shopping because it's just for like human
contact,
that too, be normal. Um
Uh My family's all right. Uh We got hit by the layoffs from the pandemic and it's been a not gonna like it's been a little bit hard, but um they're healthy and safe
and
on the bright side I think. Um because they're not working, they've also been spending more time with the family, which is good to,
we've been watching.
Yeah, I do. Um I moved back with my parents right now after I graduated
because I can't afford a house or rent.
Barton.
Uh
Let's see, I guess I didn't try to pick up for hobbies. Um I've been wanting to do like terrain, landscape, you know, for aquariums and having um like the grass carpets and having like trying to build like a waterfall for it. So
this
is great. Yeah.
Yeah, in a little aquatic during, I'm honestly not too sure what it's called, but I've been watching them on Youtube, I was like, oh they're so
relaxing
to watch and um I think it's pretty cool to kind of make your little own ecosystem to watch all the little animals interact. Um At the moment I'm still researching on um the best way to like build the aquarium because apparently there's a lot of rules and you want to make sure the water and temperatures are
regulated in a certain way. So yeah.
mm
No.
mm. I think so. And it's really cool because they have micro organisms in there. And then he was at least in the video I saw he was like zoom into those and kind
of cool to think that um because I think he goes out into the ocean and just like grab a pile of water and just like put it in and see what happens. So it's actually really cool to see
those migrants, like those organisms that you don't really usually see with the naked eye. Um.
Little bit.
Well,
Well that's so but do you guys have deers in your area because you
live in the forest d um Please
this
is
Well.
Trade
thank you.
Internal.
How
warm?
One
So are the four dogs that you have? Are one of them the dingoes that your adopted?
I
was
yeah I was about to ask like what what what could be the difference between um like wild dogs and domesticated dogs like personality and how you take care of them are are dingoes grow a lot bigger than um
domestic codes? Are
they about the same size?
Mhm.
What?
Um Yeah I have two
dogs
but I don't have any dingoes. Wild animals around my house is um like at least not even in my town um Really? So I think just hearing you talk about like he goes and how you're able to feed gears is it's really interesting to me because I used to grow up watching uh taste like steve Irwin, so
that's true for me at that how you were like, oh yeah, this is a beautiful wild dog um
Or do you
think?
okay, I'll be sure to look up a picture because I actually don't really know what I think I'm kind of imagining a coyote um but I don't think we have much of them here as well. Um
No, I actually haven't seen anything goes at all, so.
Mhm.
Hi,
whoa. Yeah, I do. Oh my God,
it's it's all right, and this kind of relieved to be out of school um to be graduated. Um I just didn't expect the pandemic you hit, so to be quite honest, it's a little bit surreal because um it's not, you don't really feel like in a celebratory mood, especially when people are kind of dying and there's so much things going on with like the riots as well. Um But yeah, schools, schools, a good experience. Um Yeah,
no, I actually just graduated, so
I yeah, I graduate into the pandemic. So um cost of 2028.
yeah, it is. Especially since it's kind of like you spent so much time on school and um furthering your education in order to um like have better opportunities for job. And originally I actually had a job offer, but it was like rescinded because of the pandemic because of the massive layoff and we don't know what the economy is going to be like, but I guess to some extent, it also kind of gives me some time to figure things out for myself because when you're focused on academics, you're kind of not gonna like you kind of get lost um um with like the real world a little bit, so um I don't know, I guess it kind of helps to get out of bed to make mindsets sometimes. Um and just like focus on like little life stuff. Um I'm going to be sort
and actually
be able to do with that.
No.
my
school
was and um like up far north, so and I my parents and I they live way down south, so I actually had to move
back home since this doesn't make any sense to go there and be online. Um
So I just celebrated at home. We had, we just made food together and we kind of walked around as like a little family time,
so.
Students
Oh, thank you.
I'm
the
first to
thanks.
I think nine or two, I don't remember when we started, but um
probably
you ever
recorded
two,
2
57
two?
Yeah, let's just say five or six minutes. Um Let's see, actually started reading Game of Thrones, so I have it right here because I know a lot of people talk about the the movie, so I'm like okay let's kind of see what what's it about. Um So I've been reading that. It just takes a little bit longer to read since um it's a pretty big trilogy, but I really like how he creates the world and so pretty cool.
Well now I think the reason why I really like the book and the world creation is because you honestly kind of love every single character, but at the moment I also watched the show so um I think I'm a little bit further in the show than the book, so this is just my opinion on the show character, but I actually really like sansa because even though she was a little bit frustrating in the beginning, I think she really grown into a really good ruler in the end um despite everything that's happened to her. Yeah.
I
have a final season but I know that a lot of people are talking about how disappointed they were
in it.
I think there's another kind of dystopian type of book that I've been reading, so it's called um Shoot
I
don't remember.
Yeah
I
think
yes I'm not gonna lie. It's a little bit of a guilty pleasure for me. Um I think going back especially when all the characters are 16 and for me right now like 2030 so it's a little bit weird
but but yeah it's no
yeah.
I like sushi the most.
Um For me in my current location the sushi isn't as good but I know that if you go to L. A. Which is where apparently where all the great food places are where all the tourists would go. Uh That's where the legitimate I heard that if you go there um there's some sushi if you eat like the sashimi like once you eat it you can never turn back. Um Like it's just that good so I personally
haven't
tried it before you but I think it would be nice to try eventually after all the all this is all over.
Occasionally because I lived more in central California, so not because um L. A. Is further south from where I am. So I go there every once in a while just to kind of like Disneyland and stuff. Does it have some fun and be like
it's a risk.
Um Oh yeah it's super temperate here. Um I think one of the good things about living in California at least in my area is that I don't have to worry about this, no or I don't have to worry about it being um like two hot. Unless you live in L. A. It's like really hot here but in my area because I live more in the coast um is actually pretty cool. Um The only thing is that I actually kind of do wish I can see snow sometimes, like I never seen snow before. Did the snow in texas?
No. Oh
that's
so
my
goodness.
Even
day, well that's the interest because we don't have those here and for us is earthquakes and wildfire so um we don't have hurricanes and uh floods fortunately but
not
interesting
to you.
Yeah we father in our nearby city actually um quite honestly we're a little bit used to it now, considers that throughout the year.
Yeah it's drill. We always like oh yeah that's the daily fire. Um Well fine
but.
Um We do have occasionally those like small shakes when you're kind of like lying in bed and you're like and you feel that um gentle quick, it's kind of like when the baby is getting like rock back and forth in the cradle. Um But we haven't had anything super severe where the properties are actually damaged but it's been a little bit worrying for us. Um Every now and then because they're saying that for us we have something called the same ST Andreas fault and there's like just how like there's always gonna be a big one. Um
That's crazy a certain amount of years and they're like it's about time like what is it gonna come? So we've been kind of you know look out for that as well but right now are um priorities are more of a pandemic and everything that's going on.
Mhm.
like
we're in front now. Um So
maybe
Semen.
Okay sounds good. Do you have like a timer on your area? Because I'm not sure when I started and I'm not sure um like when it ends?
Thank
you.
Um I think we can probably because I'm not it's actually really interesting
to talk to you and being able to see the
differences in California in texas especially were like oh yeah we have the hurricanes like oh we never have hurricanes but we do have a lot of fires and then you get the deers and you have like a freaking dingo and I was like wow that's so amazing to hear about. Um
So
if you don't
or
I
have.
no problem. I was actually really nervous when I got onto because um I haven't actually really spoken to anyone in a while like especially like the strangers so I was like oh she actually like before this I was trying to think brainstorm like what should I say like oh like how are you how are you? I'm good. You feel good too so
back?
That's
good.
actually
I have a question for you. Um So before you talked about how you had um you do writing for, you do like philosophical writing for tv shows is that right? What is it just what type of T. V. Shows are you doing the philosophical writing on?
Uh That's it is it on the netflix one? Mhm.
think it's all my bookmark but I haven't gotten started. Oh is it the one where um there is a father and I think he got into a drug deal or something. Is it that one or is that another show?
Mhm.
you need to
it?
I'm gonna go write this down real quick so broken. It's
called
the O. A. Okay.
No you
It
is
good.
All
Right now I'm watching the avatar the last Airbender. It's been some time since I actually watched the netflix shows, but I haven't pulled up right now, so that's why I'm looking down um right
now
I'm mainly watching like cooking tips and like those cooking
competition shows,
so
Oh yeah, I don't think I actually started
cooking until it was a necessity because I started living alone when I was up in um like living in different cities like oh, I guess I have to learn to cook now, so that's why I started watching the show. Um But yeah, I'm
still learning to
I
did.
There's
it's
not
yeah, mm sometimes it's like right now I want to become healthier, but especially for some of the, most of the shows that I watch are like cupcake Wars or just like, you know, baking shows where like super heavy on sweet um
that's like all right, Mark, like um man, so
But,
Uh huh. Oh man. No, I've been so focused on school and um I don't
know
how
how do you find people that's my problem right now? Come
on better.
this
is,
Um I think that there's one the one new part of
dating in this type of generation is that now we have online dating, which is a little it makes it easier, but at the same time it's a little bit unusual um because you have to put yourself out there, you have to kind of create um like kind of package yourself in a certain way and um kind of sell yourself on that. I haven't been using it, I used it once before, but I feel like it's not really my thing of I guess for me one of my regrets was actually not being like doing more social things um what and like being able to meet people so
but
because
But
thank
you.
Yeah, that's
true,
Maybe.
Mhm. So
my time to um we're in different time zones, so for mine it's 1 38. Um I don't know about your area because
what do you think
like?
Like
Oh my god.
Well yeah, that's so I'm surprised it went by really fast for me,
That's it.
I only know I got was the O A um the netflix show, which I'm definitely
going to
check
out
because I've actually been trying to find new shows instead of like baking because it makes me so hungry. Um So I'll be sure to take a look at it. Um I
think we I think we can start to transition out of the the conversation else because I feel like someone's gonna watch this and they have not
to go there so
they
can
do
But
Oh yeah, it's honest. It's so because I've never done this before. Um but
this is my first time, like getting connected to a random person in the world and
Yeah, this is my first time too, so that's
why
I was so I was like, so what I saw you fall for it, I was like, oh shit, what I say?
Mhm. Probably. Okay. So before we start to transition, I'm just wondering what's your name?
Oh, you know, you're right. Yeah.
Okay. Oh shit,
I probably mentioned some of that. Well,
they can probably edit that out.
But
okay. But it was really nice to meet you.
It
was, yeah, so I'm not sure how to transition out of this. Yeah.
You're
good if you're
good.
Of course.
All right. I'm gonna go click off first by.