it's time. All
How are you?
I
don't think.
It's awkward about
me too. Well,
I guess there's lots of current events going on. Uh Are we allowed to, what country are you from? Your from?
I'm in texas. Mhm.
It's
hot.
It's hot here in texas right now, but there's, as far as current events goes, there's a lot of really stupid people. Uh My part, well, I mean about corona, the corona virus, uh the measures being taken, there's a lot of people leaving their homes going out a little bit too early, so we're having another another wave of it right now over here. How are you guys doing?
And even originally they had said that they wanted to conserve them, so that's why I initially didn't get one because for the medical community, but here, sorry, don't hair in my mouth
here and a bunch of extremists as far as um just not just neglecting to wear it, but more like uh deciding not to. So it's been spreading a lot and they say that the young people to people are going out to bars and stuff so they shut them down here. But I also live in a small town
in
texas, so I don't really see a whole lot of it. And I've been self quarantining just to be sure I have family that could get who are sensitive. Yeah.
Yeah, it's important. I think my parents are older and they're all uh, you know, they all have underlying conditions, so you just got to be careful at least want to be able to see them. My sister actually works in healthcare, so she has
to be a
little more on the front lines, which is dangerous, but she says they're doing pretty good as far as keeping people off and away from the other groups of people at the hospital which is good. Okay mm hmm.
Listen
here
Well I've been
writing a lot of uh doing a lot of uh writing for a specific like it's philosophical writing for a T. V. Show I like and it's a it's not like fan fiction but it's like a you know like I don't know how to describe it but I mean I haven't had much else to do other than working online and stuff but I've been like you know like decoding a show so to speak and writing something online putting out stuff like that. I've been doing that which you know and I have a four dogs which I've been working a lot with
rescue dogs but I haven't really been up too much other than working on mind really and you know my normal hobbies. What are your hobbies?
so you're kind of stuck inside completely. Um There's not really a you have are you like in a residential area where people are real close because where I actually have a little freedom because our properties on like an acre, so I have quite a bit of neighbors
that are, they're farther away and I can go outside, which I can't imagine if I couldn't. That would be very frustrating. Are you leaving to do like shopping? Are you online shopping?
We
do too.
it's expensive on amazon as well and they raised their prices right after the pandemic hit. I've been off of this stuff at home, you might be able to tell I have an abscessed tooth today, so I haven't been feeling unwell. Um But I got on antibiotics and I'm drinking lots of water and just feeling better. I caught it early. But uh how about your family? How are they?
they're
healthy,
Yeah, that's
Do you live with them
after small?
My dad also lost his job. Like are my immediate family, my husband and I are okay, but my dad lost his also lost his job after 45 47 years. They laid him off
about a month ago, so it's pretty difficult for him, but at least he made it, he was almost a retirement, so I think he's okay. It's a lot harder for younger parents probably right now with everything going on. Um What is there to do around your house? Like what do you do when the pandemic is not going on? Yeah.
Yeah.
Is it
like
it's like escaping in a terrarium?
hold
on.
No
that's interesting. Um Me and my family actually uh we raised a lot of different wildlife, different types of wildlife like tortoises we raised and still do and my parents house not here, but we had terrariums and it was more animal centric rather than like um a whole
ecosystem. Which I think is what you're talking about like with certain bugs on the floor water and everything. Right? I love that. I've seen that online as well. I also
like the ones that come enclosed. So it's uh you know like I believe I saw one that had been sealed for 50 or 60 years and had continued to function in his system. Have you heard of that?
What?
Oh that's awesome.
Yeah. You don't really think about at all, but they're so important to the ecological systems. you know I like that stuff to a lot I like about my house is that it's almost I live in like the piney woods part
of texas where the swamps and the bayou use meet the uh start meeting in the woods and everything, so in farmland and there's a still a lot of wild creatures around, a lot of the original ecosystems are intact. Um essentially what I live
on is like a forest floor and I try to maintain it where it's as close to natural as it can be without you know killing, you know people use poisons and stuff like that, I try not to do that and it's really interesting for me because I grew up in a suburban area and I moved here only about eight years ago so I really enjoy watching all the different life forms uh interact all the all everything. It's it's one of my favorite things so I definitely can, you know, relate to that. Um
no,
there was a lot of them when I first moved out here
and
we had no neighbors except for like over here. And so there was a whole lot more wildlife. But recently neighbors have moved in. So I put in a fence and I see a lot less of that. But I used to leave out corn for them to
try to get them to come up. But I also felt bad because I was thinking don't get them used to eat in corn because hunters use that
to like workmen. So I was like, I want to feed them
but you know, but it was fun.
I actually have a wild dog. The only american wild dog left, they're called american dingoes or Carolina dog. They run up and down the bayous from all the way from new Mexico to texas throughout the south, all the way to Georgia and the Carolinas. And I the packs run out here. I thought they were, how are we? Yes, I thought they were coyotes because I would hear them hunt but coyotes usually hunt alone and I would hear packs of them hunting together. And I told my dad about it and he told me those are wild dogs. And sure enough one morning my husband went outside early morning. I forget what it was like four a.m. I don't know why he did. And there was a little puppy that he apparently
scared
off the mother and she had come up to feed her puppy the little dog foods I was feeding to the birds. And so we adopted the puppy and I have my own little texas wild dog and it's pretty cool. So yeah, I'm enjoying it because I came from a more suburban area. So it's been a lot of fun. But
I've always had, we've always had wildlife around my house. That's definitely something I like. You know, I'm really interested in.
Yeah, raised, I don't think the harbor inside right now. Yeah, I raised her and she's really interesting. She looks like a pariah dog you might see in India if you know what I'm talking about or very close to Australian dingoes, very similar to that. That's what she looks like. But with a more pointed face and the fawn colored for I guess. But I find it really beautiful and she's incredibly healthy compared to other dog breeds I have who are like, uh, pit bulls, pit bull mixes, rescues, you know, that were left behind. But she's very different. She has a lot of energy and she's a lot of work. But she's so interesting is what I think
she is
so interesting and fun.
mm
no
about the same size. She's £50 which is pretty normal. Um
And they are all domestic. All dogs are domesticated to a sense, but these dogs came over with the native americans when they came over through the Bering strait and they brought their dogs with them all the way from uh northern europe and Asian countries. So they're originally asian dogs, which is why they look so much alike. Well they came about
50,000 years ago, give or take. And uh and that's where they were domesticated. And I guess when uh tribes, they just populated the area and they became wild dogs. So essentially and they didn't really discover that they even existed until the seventies. And then they tested all their you know D. N. A. And figured out they were actually a separate breed and that they were the original american breed. They were you know the first one. And uh let's see do you have any pets?
How
about you?
that's crazy.
Well she
wouldn't
you wouldn't really if you saw her you wouldn't really even know that she was a wild dog unless you knew what they looked like. And they're all over the southern United States all the way into California. So you may very well have seen one and just didn't know it. They're they're really more widespread than you think.
well they're not they're more like um have you ever seen like the Australian ninos?
Okay well they look just like a stray dog that's you know but that's all they really look like. You can see certain characteristics that are a little more wild but they're domesticated. Like any other dog. I just they're a little healthier. I actually think she might be in here. Hold on Poppy. Is that poppy? No it's my other dog. I'm sorry. That's Cody. Oh
it was popping coffee. Come in come here pretty girl. Come on come on baby come on. Don't be shy. I'm gonna show her what you look like. She's a big girl. Hold on let's see if we can get her on camera. It's healthy family. Can you see
her? I.
This girl. Yeah that's one of them. She's as far as I know she's pure bred but you never know she could have german shepherd or whatever. Other dogs mixed in with their pat. And you don't hear much anymore. Which is pretty sad since so many people moved in and cut down all the woods, but at least I got her used to could hear him hunt and um when you sit outside at night and you can hear them off in the distance hunting, a rabbit or whatever else, a puppy, whatever, open hunting. So what about your school? How do you like that? Right.
How early are you in it? Are you like just started?
you just graduated.
That's awesome. That's awesome. That must be hard though having just graduated with the pandemic, not being able to celebrate.
that's
amazing.
Right? You, that's just
amazing though in and of itself and I'm sure your parents were probably pretty disappointed. And did they get to go see you graduate? I didn't
have
any.
No.
No.
now
that sounds awesome. I never graduated, but I wish I had um I did a couple years of college, but I never
graduated, so that's amazing when I hear other people. That's a really big accomplishment
and you should
be
excited,
you should be excited. Your future is probably going to be bright, and so that's that's amazing. Although I'm sure it seems pretty hard right now with the pandemic and your parents losing, you know, being laid off like mine more and everything, but I think that is probably going to work out for you, you know, you seem like you really got it together.
Um So what do you uh what do you like to read? I think we have 10 minutes left, or how long do we have left, do you know?
okay, well
I came in at
2
57 so we
started at like 2 57
so
it's almost been 20 minutes so we got
like 56 minutes left.
that's awesome. I actually, I usually read everything but for some reason I never read the books, but I did watch the shows and when I got into them I started listening to all these youtube like essentially podcasts on where they explain all the family history and it's really astounding how how much detail goes into all that and interesting how they relate how we relate it to like actual history, which I thought was cool and just a slight thing. This has been, what do you like about it? Who's your favorite character?
I agree. She had a lot of character growth. I really liked her as well. Um Did you like the, Okay, wait, have you seen the indian in the show? You haven't seen
it yet? Um
I just
wanted to know what you thought if you were disappointed or not, especially as someone who is reading the books but uh I guess we'll have to see most people were but I thought it was okay. Um And I think every other scene was amazing, it's got a lot of hate so continue on and don't let it, you know, don't let it play you from doing it because I think it's definitely worth it and I thought it was pretty good. But other books do you like?
it's okay. I do
have
to do that too. I read a lot of dystopian. I used to I have stopped lately and I'm reading a lot of like history but I used to read a lot of via dystopian fiction. I I thought it was I liked it. You know? And I was a little old. I started when I was a teenager but then I was like 25 reading it and I was like okay,
but it's
still
good everyone.
I was
I still I still read one, you know once, twice, three times a year. But I didn't stop reading them until I was like 30. And then I was like, okay, well it's time to read some like actual history or something. I can't just keep reading why dystopian novels. But they're really amazing. And I like a lot of them. So that's cool that you like them to um
what do you like to go out to eat? Would you like to eat when you got?
I love sushi but it's hard to find a good place. But I'm not I have actually had sushi in California months and it was really good. So I bet it's better there especially being where we have the coast but nothing like over there. Is that really? What do you think?
Thank
you.
Have you been there L. A. Yeah. Yeah.
that's awesome. Disneyland
every kid's dream. I went to san Francisco wants in Oakland um on a on like a vacation and I thought it was a lot of really nice over there and a lot of fun so that's cool that you get to live there. Um What do you think about the weather? That must be nice.
Well not like anywhere else. I've actually seen snow before when I was young once and when I like a couple years ago I went to colorado in the middle of the biggest snowstorm in 20 years. So I saw no but no it snows here but it's like just a little speck of snow and if it sticks to the ground we all just crazy. And we collect it which takes like five acres to make a snuggle man. So no, very rarely. I remember the first time, it kind of just like a little bit of little tendrils or snowflakes came down and I was in elementary school and they let us off of the day. That's a big of a deal. It is,
we
get a lot
of hurricanes out here, that's our weather thing, we get floods, hurricanes and
so
actually right now is the season. So every year we kind of like just just be aware and you just want to make sure you move to the right places, you don't want to be in a lower area and you kind of know when you're in that area. So
that's the thing about our area. But it wasn't always like that when I was young. I don't it didn't really, it wasn't as bad but recently lots of hurricanes, although they haven't affected me personally. So you know,
But
while
farmers
are, can be even more devastating, how are you dealing with that? Are you okay? Like have they come close to you? Yeah.
I didn't want to beard you out when I started started talking about hurricanes. Like it was depressing used to it, you know? It's just kind of funny.
Yeah that's
that's funny. But it did come close to you. That must have been scary. We actually had one wildfire come close to this property which is not normal for like where I'm 50 miles away from where I'm from. But it happens only like once every 10 years here. But it's not like anything like over there but it's still you know it's kind of scary when everybody's keeping a track of how far it's moving and all that. So that's kind of scary um earthquake. So have you have you been in one?
the big one
Yeah. But yeah I get what you mean. The pandemic hopefully nothing else hits. You know what I mean? Before the end of please let's all try to just stay home and not in fact another to um
well I think are we at time? Do
you want to
do you want
to wait till three minutes since
we started at 57?
Well I got into mine early and I know you did too. I actually opened my timer up. Okay, you're still there, right, because I'm clicking from pages. Um I opened
my timer
up at 2 30 it says, but I know, I know we started I came on at um 2 57 for sure, but if you want we if we well it's 3 25 so we've definitely done the full amount, but if you want to wait for a few minutes, I'm okay with that. It doesn't matter to me.
People
It's
That's really nice of
you to say
I was really nervous. I don't know if you can tell I'm kind of a shy person, so I get nervous to talk to people.
I was hoping you would notice, you know, people are going to be watching this and I'm like oh my God nervous, but thanks, that's really nice
to
meet you. Mhm, mm.
I was like let's say, I was just hoping that you would be very talkative so so I wouldn't have to
and luckily you're really good at holding a conversation so that was I got the best deal out of that one in my opinion because I don't know, I'm not great at holding conversations. Uh but I really liked, I really enjoy talking with people who are really interesting. So like it was really fun to talk to you. You talked about books, you talked about terrariums and like a small client small climate uh you know whatever, you know,
what
am I trying to say? Um and it was just really fun to talk to you about all the animals and stuff. Uh So I was going to ask you a question but I just
forgot what I was going.
it's funny that you're gonna ask that because that's what I was gonna ask you when I was trying to think um the show I'm doing, like I'm writing like little blogs and stuff for is called the O A. Um have you ever heard of it?
Yeah, with Britt Marlene Mhm.
no, it's like a really philosophical show. Um Gosh, I wish it's so hard to explain. It has references a lot of classical art, a lot of postmodern writing um
a lot of symbolism, a lot of mythological references, it like kind of like a fairy tale, but it spins the hero's journey and turns it on its head, it turns into a heroine's journey. So it's about kind of like the female and it's not like feminists, like you would think, but it's also kind of like pushes the boundaries of what's comfortable. So the first season
may not be everybody's cup of tea, but if you do try it, um definitely make it to the second season if you before you decide you don't like it was like dancing in it, and a lot of pushes the balance of a lot of things that people are comfortable with, but I really love it and I cannot recommend it too much, but it's not for everybody, for sure. I didn't
like it, first watched it the first time, I had to watch it twice to even start to like it because at first I was just like, I don't know, and then I watched it one more time and there's a lot of a lot of references to decode a lot of uh like inner references and mirroring and uh you know so it's just really interesting to decode and everything. If you do like you should go on to the Reddit page on.
Thank
you.
o a um on the Reddit subreddit the oa you can look up there and then like look up theories. They have like a wiki page on there and it has all the best theories for me and a lot of other people. And you can kind of get an idea of all like the deeper philosophical
references and everything which they it's pretty apparent anybody can see it you know? But these theories will take you just a little bit deeper into it all and I did not realize I think I can push this. Oh no I can't. Um I'm sorry but
it's
great
I thought that that I only see Happier Face most time and I thought that I had scrolled up but I had it so making sure I'm doing it right. Got distracted. Um
So what what T. V. Shows are you watching right now? Yeah.
I
got my
school
I admire
people who can because I do not ever terrible. I'm not actually terrible cook. I actually once worked as a cook for a family a couple of years and uh but I wasn't that great to be honest and I was kind of learning I need it I don't like some my husband does it all poor guy but I do other things to make up for it terrible. My mom didn't cook either. I think that might be why my dad cook for the family.
I.
I'm
to kind of learn. You started watching all the shows and you're learning from them. That's cool. Yeah, I admire that. Don't you get hungry when you watch them? I just
like,
it's so hungry
and like, I don't have this stuff. It's very frustrating. I feel like, but I guess if you're
cooking
with it, it's not as frustrating.
I always hear how those baking people who bake all the time, they have to taste it all, but they're always very fit and look, you know, really nice. It's like they're not eating all those cupcakes. I love terrorism.
I just hate cooking. I mean it I know it's like extreme form of like avoidance for years. I pretended like I couldn't cook until I had to get a job to do it, you know, to make money. But I always, my husband gets on to me because he's like, I told him for the first couple years of our relationship, I didn't know how to cook and then suddenly have a job cooking. He's like, you lied, like,
but it's actually okay because we like to trade off on different things, like I do other things, but he does cook for me, which is really sweet. Do you have a boyfriend or anything going on?
No,
that's good.
Good for you.
Well,
I, when I was young, I was like, a partier to be honest, which is never the good idea. So, you may not want to take this from me, but I didn't make all the right decisions early on in my life, like you did, but I wish I had. And so in my opinion, if you're holding off on a boyfriend and just taking your time, you're doing the right thing, that's what I think. What and I don't
know how
do you feel about I didn't really, when I was young, they didn't have dating websites as much. Like, I remember I wrote a book report about dating website in my life, in my high school class or something, because it wasn't really that popular and it was kind of like taboo a little bit still at that time. So like, how it's like having that in like, your dating life style, How is how is that different?
No.
I'm just like
that I couldn't do it either. I mean, there are still some people my age and I'm sure
that's actually a good way to meet some people, I guess, certain ones, but it's really like even just doing this is really like, makes me really nervous. So I could I never could do that, it's like I only could ever meet people
so I never really did meet a whole lot of people to be honest. So
I
guess I guess it's a whole different kind of thing now and it's really interesting and I think it's important that people kind of throw off the stigma of it, even even if you can't throw off the anxiety behind it because it really a tool and it can be used correctly to find a really nice person, you know, it can be used correctly. So I I don't believe in all the stigma behind it, but I definitely find it like it would be very too much anxiety. I don't know if I can do it, so I get what you're saying it would be and then like having the manage brand manager, your own personality,
thank you.
And then I've seen like on Reddit, I've seen like posts where people like, it's like kind of like a format where they're like, they have like, come on a hit, and if it's funny and good then you can, like, it's really just very fascinating to me, but also how different it is from
England with 10 years ago. It's so different, but it's fascinating and I do not think I could handle it, but I might have to one day. You never know. So. Mhm.
Um Let's see. Do you want to continue there? He is. What time is it? Okay. Yeah.
It's 3 30.
I think we're well in
the way and I don't care if you want to keep talking, but we definitely hit it and I just don't want to make like, I don't want to like make you uncomfortable and you just like, don't want to you know say you know you're ready you're done. But we definitely hit the the time for sure. 3 39. So yeah and we started
at 57 so we've actually done 42 minutes. Yeah.
Yeah
Yeah we we started at 2 57 on the dot and you were here before I even got here and I was timing it. I'm sitting here with my phone you know marking the time and then it's 3 39 right now. So that's 42 minutes for sure.
For your note I didn't write any notes so hopefully I didn't need to.
That's
the
only
one you need.
you.
probably
not
to
think
about it because if I do it all start shaking and getting buried. I've been
trying not to think about it but you've been making that really easy because you're a good conversationalist. So
I mean
this is my first time doing the online, doing an actual video one for the site at all. I don't know if you feeling but I've never done it before so
I
did.
Maybe they match just because that could be.
Yeah. I don't think we're allowed to say it. Remember
the rules that don't not know, like particularly identifying information like your name, your age. I just knew right
how
you didn't,
you didn't I think you're not to ask.
I don't think you did.
It was really nice to meet
you too.
it was really nice to meet you and we can click off. I hope you have like um good day and I hope you're safe in your family. And everything works out after the pandemic and I hope it ends soon for you know for all the families out there that are suffering like our parents and everything um And it was really nice talking to you, made it really easy to converse and I'm sorry like I know I interrupt a lot, I'm really bad about that, terrible about
that,
started
doing that to you. I know I did it to a couple of times, so I apologize for that. Um And it was just really nice talking to you, so I appreciate you making it so easy for the first time for me to do this. Um
do you want to click off and if you can click on I'm going to click on this other page to see what it wants me to do first and then I'm gonna click off.