mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Oh. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. You know what? Yeah. Oh,
hi,
how
are
you?
Oops.
No, don't worries.
I am in Utah. Where are you?
man. I am so pissed off. What they're doing to you guys?
Yeah. Aren't they in the
buildings though? Aren't they incite or something?
I'll
try
not
to swear. I'm so pissed about it.
Uh huh. And, and
yet these people can go with with guns and invade state houses about masks. Holy shit.
No.
Yeah. Well, yeah, they have our beliefs so we're okay with them.
have two sons, two stepsons that live in Portland and so we can, yeah, they'll send videos and say holy shit.
They are not doing it. They're both of them have just felt like they shouldn't because of health stuff.
Our son here in Salt Lake has gone. We, I have 10 step Children and to two of my own. So we
have a lot we
have like
village
of kids, all
of them adults. So
yeah actually for a while there were four of them living there, but they've moved to other places, we've got one in London, one, one here in Salt Lake, couple in Asheville, north Carolina, one in texas, some in California, and then a couple in Portland. Then then quite a few like three of our kids are here for actually
one just moved. Well one of my sons step sons, his house burned down in paradise. Remember that
paradise California? That
burned down,
that was our steps and he and his his uh three daughters and now ex wife lived there. They were in the middle of divorcing so can you imagine?
exactly. The kids had their backpacks from school, that was it. That's it yep.
I
P. J. Any And they admitted to what 86 deaths and they're just letting them pay a fine which freaking pisses me off and yeah
Probably not just knowing how those things work, the insurance covers whatever and that they're just pretty much screwed. Um yeah our son lived there and also his 90, how old was she at the time, 95 year old grandma. He got her out thank God she kept she had mentioned, she kept saying why
is it dark? How come we're out it's so late and he said
grandma it's 10 in the morning, we're in a fight they were on the way that would normally take 30 40 minutes to get where they were going and it took them 5.5 hours with burning all around them and all. I mean it was touch and go and really freaking scary. But
Yeah, we found that we were we got stuff on it on facebook and and text but it took a while because of the you know self service was down. So so like um toe furs are steps, steps on what my steps And his wife Amber, her mom lived there and she was one of those people that when she was driving down the fire department gathered them in the K mart parking lot and they had to put their cars close together and the fire department sprayed off the cars while they watched everything burned around them. They just couldn't get out. And so they thought that she thought her mom had died because her cell
wouldn't work. And it was like 10 hours of no contact. So it was like really really scary for for everyone, you know? But it's good, we're good now and the kids are the kids will had adjusted and others coronavirus, so now they're like holy crap, did we ever get a life, you
know?
We're
starting
a business actually because we, because I have a job that I was supposed to start, they decided not to, you know, I have been in more mortgage marketing, I was the director of marketing for mortgage company and I got a new job and then they said, you know, it was like the week that Covid Kit.
No.
yep, yep. We have quite a few kids who work in like once a chef and she's like a server and bartender and they're just like screwed and um uh it's pretty dang scary. I don't know. What
do you do?
that
Are you from Portland or
did you move there?
I was thinking, I detected an accent. We lived in New Hampshire for just about a year. Yeah,
no,
I actually didn't. I have a son who looks really, people think he's like Middle Eastern even though he's not, but my other son is quite like light like me, you know, white skin and all that and he caught so much crap living. There were, there was a lot of weird stuff they'd call him names and he'd never been bullied and he had just been diagnosed like the week before we moved with Type one diabetes, he lost £35 in two days and he just looked like shit. And so he wasn't emotionally able to like handle that. So I just, after a year I said I'm moving back to Salt Lake coming Salt Lake where it's more, more diversity, Which is not at all, but
oh it's
gorgeous.
It's beautiful.
We lived right on the sea coast, right?
Yeah, so we'd love to driving down to Newburyport and it's beautiful through there. But
But
you can
drive two hours.
exactly. Or we can go to the Great Salt Lake which is like stinky and just you know dad like
sea.
Well it's pretty gross. Most people don't recreate in it because it's like way higher concentration of salt. So and there's brine shrimp which are tiny tiny little shrimp not edible. That smell, they die off and it can smell
really bad. So yeah, most people don't really get in the water much.
So.
What?
Yeah.
I have not I'm not I'm not from here, I'm from from a worst place. Idaho. Yeah. Yeah. Total redneck place,
but
there
are pretty
places and there's ugly places. Yeah. Yeah.
Especially
compared
east coast. Yeah.
yep. Well when we, when we decided to move back here it was a great, great thing. My son had been in a band now. He's um it's not the same band, but he's in a metal band that's like tours, europe and is really yeah, been featured in quite a few magazines. If you're not a metal head, you don't know. But so he it's good we drove, we moved back here because it's helped him do his dream. Besides he works full time too. But yeah, but that's good. Yeah,
I lost your picture, I can hear you but it's now all of a sudden
no picture of you. I'm not sure why.
Maybe it'll come back on but just
so you know. Yeah.
So
how long have you been in Portland?
And do you like it there or do you miss the east coast?
I have seen them just like social. Oh, now you wreck on just socially distanced. Like I've gone to drop stuff off
at my sons and we just stand outside and talk. And then my, my youngest son, um quit his job. He has like a weird genetic bone disease and it's just started to hurt so badly that he couldn't work right when this hit. And so he can't really get surgery like he needs to. And uh, so, so he came over the other day and I just said, you know what? Fuck it. I'm putting my arms around him from behind and just held
him because he's struggling so much with all the pain and you know,
it's,
well the thing is, is he has no insurance now and we know it'll be hundreds of thousands this certain he needs any replacements, he
needs hip replacement. I mean he has a really major major weird genetic thing and so we're just he's
actually
looking into his his stepbrother that his roommates with um tim isn't he? And his girlfriend are moving to europe as soon as they can. She's got dual citizenship so they want to sponsor him so that he can get medical care there. Mm.
they're thinking
Ireland
doesn't
it?
nope.
Yeah tim lived in Germany for about a little less than a year and he moved here when trump was elected because he said I can tell our country the shit's going to hit the fan and I want to be here near my family. I can't stand so far away and I'm really glad he's here. It would be really hard. So yeah.
if your visa runs out which his was he was having to he was just like on a student thing so yeah that would have been really stressful
and
he's in go ahead,
didn't
we? Didn't he was not there long enough really. So he's got a cousin who's got his PhD in astrophysics or something. So he stayed with him and was looking into getting his um his degree but he just couldn't really swing things, he couldn't make enough money online like he thought he would he couldn't just get it going the way he wanted. So.
it's bullshit.
I
think
it's always been crap and I think people that write those articles just read stuff and then repeat what they've read instead of actually trying it, it's just so much crap online, you know
he
Where?
and now I have no time for a life because I'm Always working. Yeah when I was my, when I was the director of marketing I did it all remotely and it ended up being 10 or 12 hours a day that I worked. I always
end up on the phone or answering emails and I did that for like seven years and just said I can't do the stress anymore. I was running 60 different websites, designing them all, doing all the social media,
all the digital ads of tonight
designing
all the odds. Yeah and I mean I got paid well but for the time I put in and for the money I made the company, you know even six figures was not enough. I should have been making twice that at least.
I
know. I on boarded every person I hired people. I mean, I just did so much for my boss. And he kept saying, oh, we'll pay you more. Don't worry. And
it just never happened. And one time he got short and shitty with me and I just went, I spent the weekend going, what am I going to do? And I just went back and said, I'm done. I'm done. I'm not, I'm not going to be talked to this way. You didn't, you didn't even ask me before you accuse me of something I'm
done. And he went, he called me, are you, oh my gosh, I'm buying cases of depends because I'm shitting my fans. And I said, yep. Yeah, I'm, I'm not surprised I do the work. He's hired three people to replace
me
and it's like,
I'm already too pissed off to stay now, thanks, you know?
Yeah, I mean he did a lot for me and it was a really great guy. I don't it just we moved to a new company and I mean every single thing I did online, I had to get approval with three different attorneys, like a blog post if I did a facebook post. So everything was taking three times as much time. And I was constantly on the phone with attorneys just going, oh God they're gonna they're gonna break me again. Oh it was just too much stress, I couldn't sleep at night, you know, it's just plus I don't really care about marketing here. I was doing marketing all the time and it's like I don't care about mortgages are marketing and I'm so glad I'm not doing it now because our whole thing was we Mark did mortgages for doctors because they have different underwriting needs. Can you imagine what that would be like
now
with
this?
Uh huh. And even
if
they were so many of the people that come to this country to do their residencies can't get in now, those were our clients to Yeah,
so
it
would be
Um Well we haven't even come up with the name, were writing all this stuff right now, we're doing
well, it's really personal growth but it will be business coaching. We have loved doing um stuff with beliefs and your views and your values and getting yourself clear for Jesus 30 years at least. It's my passion. So we've just jumped in and it's like well we've got this time, there's no better time to do it.
More people are more stressed than they've ever been. And we've done. I've like taken so many courses on working with your beliefs and this is a very clear, unique approach to it that I've never seen, so.
Thanks.
I mean basically it's like helping you look at what your value, what you value and then the views you have of yourself and usually there's conflict that's where the conflict happens is between those two things. And it's helping people resolve that conflict so they can be inflow and their lives work better
and.
Yeah. Yeah, yep. It's and we've we've run training companies and my partner has been a he's taught at U. S. C. I mean we're educators, so it's kind of exciting our our business plan right now, we'll see if we end up doing this is to honestly give the course away and if people want to consult with this, they can, but more than anything, we want to help people because we see, I mean I see so much stress and strife and hurt people are just not ready to deal with all the changes that are happening in our world. So that's that's our plan, we'll see.
gosh,
no, it's not, that's for them to choose their values, but to find the way to resolve their inner conflict and inner resistance is really what this is about, especially for like entrepreneurs, because usually there's like, oh I'll do this thing and then crap hits the fan and they don't know how to deal with it or how to even pinpoint where there fears are or what's in their way. So that's that's kind of the thing.
I think people will have to
I think people are going to have to I mean there are so many people who are losing their businesses if they own like imagine you just you have a restaurant and you've worked 20 years and you well and you have I was reading that Yelp estimates 60% of all restaurants won't reopen
60%. Yeah.
they are. I think they are. I'm I know, I just I can't I don't even know what to say. I read so much and I just think, okay, so we're getting to see how our system doesn't work, what do we want from here, that's what we've got to. We don't
want to go back because it wasn't working for, You know, it worked for about 30% of people and the rest it's just been a struggle for so long. So we've got to redefine what it is we want as a people and I think more people want, yes, we want social programs, we want safety nets for people,
we
want all that
not changeable. They're not open. And it's so weird because so many of the people that are such diehard supporters of this conservative stuff are poor and it's like, what do you just think
that
that's going to be you at some point? It's really messed up. But
I'm
so glad that I'm not that you're you're not going no guns, No,
I
hate facemask, screw, screw my neighbors. I'd be like, oh, we probably need to cut this conversation short before
we come to blows. Uh
I didn't
even ask your name.
Hi Deborah, I'm Raylene,
good to meet you. Well, I'm so glad that Portland is getting back to somewhat, you know, I mean, as normal as we can be in these times, but um, good luck with your job and, and uh, hopefully the country will be normal or better soon.
Thank you.
Thank.
Thank you
so much.
Bye.