Hello.
Hi.
Sorry
about
that. But how are you? I accidentally clicked next on that survey and then it took me and it was like how was your how was your conversation?
And I was like, oh no, I didn't have it yet.
So where are you calling from?
I'm in Portland Oregon. Yeah.
boy. So um they said that everyone left. So they took all the feds out but real scary. Right?
One.
I last I heard they made the arrangement to leave and then they left and then they continued their peaceful protests. But honestly it's just so upsetting that I stopped reading the news because the
idea
that
people
Well they're just like, it's crazy to think that you could just be like walking along living your life and unmarked police cars could pull up, scoop you up, take you somewhere, not tell you anything and then it's fine.
That's
yes. And peacefully too. And they just let them stand there with their AK 47 assault rifles standing on
steps and they're like well they're fine but you guys not so much.
Right it's great.
Are they going out to the protests?
That's yeah.
That
that
is a lot
yet.
So
yeah so two of them found their way out here.
Well
Hm
You
know that seems like decades ago and she was what last summer? Yeah.
boy. And so all of a sudden all of your belongings are gone you're like, well I guess that solves that problem.
wow that was God. I mean it was horrible but like what a simpler world when that was the only thing on the news. Just, wow. Was that
did they determine that that was from the um the company? The
Is it a fine? Like do the people whose homes got destroyed, Do they get any of it?
no, no.
that's
that's so were you like on the phone, what you get a call? And they're like, okay, everything's, everything is broken, we got out like.
Of
I
know, I'm thinking about all the kids that are like going to college or like, you know in high school and I'm like, you know, I fortunately I'm just working remotely, it's fine, you know, taking doing what I need to, but like I can't imagine if you work someplace that closed or I don't know what you're doing, but but
I'm
trying.
Yeah, I've
heard so many stories about people that were like, I did it, I got my dream job and then a week and a half I got a phone call because I mean what you don't, no one had any money to be hiring on people.
Sit
so I'm a writer for a medical consultant company um so I can very, very easily work remotely, which
is excellent. Um
No,
I am from boston actually.
Yeah. Did you love it?
No.
New Hampshire, it's very uh there's some really nice spots
and
then
it's a weird collection of people.
yeah.
Yeah, I grew up right on the water as well and it's it's a weird thing to go from like having water around you all the time and then to now be like, do I want to drive two hours to go to the beach
I
guess?
Oh yeah, that's right. That's right. You have to pack in the car four days later we'll get there.
Isn't it?
Yeah, It is full of salt, right? So like you can go float.
boy.
Is it like the
type of thing where it's like the tourists will go, but like anyone that lives there is like I'm not getting
in that. Yeah, that
sounds right. So have you never floated in it?
I
drove through Idaho once,
that's
all.
There's a, it was very weird to see like the middle of the country because I drove from there to here and you're the amount of room that people have. It's just mind boggling.
It was like
you.
Yeah, because I'm like, I could watch my neighbor's television, you know? And this is like, you can't even see your neighbors in some parts. Uh huh.
Yeah. It's I found it really weird like with the covid happening that like everyone's just so much time at home now. Like do I like, like yes. Mhm. And you know, it's like, oh, you go outside and I think about like when I lived in like a big city and I'm like, this is so great because I can just go into nature so easily just run around and you know, not be hit by a bus hopefully.
if
Is it
hopeful.
can't see all my my wild movements,
but you can hear me
about five years maybe.
I do. You know, it goes goes back and forth because it's like, I like all the nature out here and the people are really nice, but like my family is all back there so you're like I think the covid it's showing like what's important, you know like maybe being closer to people is more important because like with so many of your kids living in Salt Lake, are you able to see them?
What?
No.
How
so? Yeah because I know that they cancelled all like the non emergency stuff so some of it, is it coming back now so you can start getting in for procedures or?
shoot
I don't
know.
that would be excellent, we're
in.
Oh that sounds great. Yeah.
Get
out of here. That's oh they probably can't go for a while though. No
one wants us.
Yeah. Well especially because he wouldn't be able to come back now so.
Yeah. Do you
ever
No I was gonna say did you get to visit them while he was
over there?
It um I have tried to find not so much now but before I tried to find internet jobs just like you know like this right now just like as a way to make some extra money and you know the internet tells you they're like oh you can do all these things, there's so many jobs, it's so easy and then you start looking and you're like everything's crap. How do, yeah
like This is pretty good right now like I'll happily talk to you $15 like. Absolutes. But there are so many sites that just like your time it's pennies, pennies on the dollar for it. But they may like I don't know if there used to be a lot of jobs online,
but they
just
Yeah, because it's just like, oh, you can be a digital nomad, you can just, you know, work all these things and go travel
around and there's so many jobs online and you're just like, I'm a qualified person, like what I don't, there's nothing, there's absolutely, look, I found this one site that was writing some blog articles and it was like 30 bucks a time for the articles and I was like, this is great. Like I can do this, I'm a professional writer, someone else pays me. And it was just like, it would take me hours to do. And so it ends up being like $6 an hour and you're saying that
this garbage and, and it's hard because you're like, well I need the money so I'll do it and then you're like my time. Oh
Go
goodness.
Just
you,
Well, I mean all those things you listed, like we have whole teams to do those,
so,
nope.
I'm
of course.
They don't,
they don't like, the only time anyone has ever been like, oh, I should have been paying you more is when you're like, okay, I took this other job and then they're like, oh well we'll match and you didn't want to match it before when I was just actively doing it.
You're just like, you could offer me so much money, it's not worth it. You didn't appreciate me before. Goodbye.
You know
one,
everyone,
No one would be taking you up on it any big cool.
Even
if
I didn't
even think
about
that. Yeah. So what is the what's the company that you're said you're starting?
When?
Hope.
So we um we have this HR guy that uh has been going in and helping all these so because we work with a bunch of medical practices helping them like come up with all of that, you know, like their beliefs, their values, their mission. And it is shocking how little people have defined their businesses before they started them like and I'll you know, we'll be like, oh you're going to write your about us page like what, tell us some things and they're like uh and you're like what are you doing? You
have you know, So I think that's a great, I have great thing. Do we go?
I
mean it sounds very helpful.
I think that's a great idea. I mean a lot of people, it's like they know like what they're about, but like they haven't really put it down on paper and like written it out and I just really, yeah, it's just so helpful to have someone to guide you through that process because you know, you're not telling them what they're about, they know, but they haven't put it
together.
Yeah. Do you think that a lot of people will be starting some new businesses during this?
Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Real,
because it's like I've been trying to do what I can by going out and like ordering takeout from the local places around me, but it's like I can't afford to be doing it every day. It's like I try to do it once a week and you know, it's just, I can't, I know that I'm very lucky to be actively working and I just can't even imagine how because it's like with the uninsurance stuff running out that last week, she's, everyone's just sitting here and it's like, are you like, we're just gonna let everyone fail, Is that what we're doing?
Don't
I
am.
Yeah. So many. I'm hoping that this has taught people that have just been up on their little high horses thinking well like I don't need my insurance tied to my job. I'm always going to have a job. I don't need a safety net, I'm employable like I'm not and then it's just like you you it just went away all of a sudden and it's like you see people are not working hard that need these safety nets. It's things that you don't expect to happen that are going to happen. And so I'm hoping this has changed in people's minds, but some of the people are not a interested.
I don't
know.
I I
don't know.
I know that's
the
Goodbye.
Well, Oh, we made to 25 minutes. Excellent. Thank you. That was great. I enjoy talking
to you.
Oh yeah, my name is Deborah.
Hi. Really? And it was nice to meet you.
Yeah. Good luck with your stuff as well.
I think
it's an excellent idea. So
you're
welcome. Bye