Hello.
How's it going?
Good. So we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes?
I know. Okay. So well what goes around to 1226 and that should
be it.
I am currently in Durham north Carolina. What about you?
Um What
part in hawaii? Yes.
many islands are there? Yeah. Yeah.
Got it. And you're from and your like the small one? Right.
So that's that's pretty fun because um in august um me and my friends were going to Honolulu for a race, we're doing this one of the spartan races. Um Yeah. So
how's the situation over there right now? Just in general?
And like when you say small,
like how big is the population? Okay.
that way.
No.
Have have you been anywhere within the south in general?
Where in texas were
you
born?
Nice. Okay. But I guess you weren't like you couldn't become old enough to like really experience it, right?
Day.
Oh yeah that's pretty much the same thing
here, like in the south it's like the same. Um Well what made you move to Hawaii or your family moved to Hawaii? Sure.
Interesting.
She got a job, like a like a hospital there.
so I was gonna say that's probably if there's one Costco there's one hospital. Okay. Okay. Um But yeah I I was born in
California and then um family
moved over to south Carolina and When I was like four
I started K. four in South Carolina and I just grew
up there ever since. And then now I'm
in North Carolina for school, I'm in grad school right now.
Marketing. Yeah. What do you do?
Um so yeah I'm in a PhD program and my um it's a psychology track, so it's based on like its consumer behavior, so pretty much using like psychology to understand consumer
behavior
and
yeah same here but we talk about brands and uh choices and
products, it's super fun. One of the projects I'm working on now is the
impact of like corona on combinations. So there's like a lot of products like like this one like aha sparkling water, it's a citrus and green
tea and you know there's like those
cheese, it's
like mixes of like jalapeno
and cheddar, so like project like combinations and my hypothesis
is
that
during
like infectious disease director, like when we're
thinking
about like diseases we want things to be like
separate. So yeah, so people would want like, oh
I want strawberry
or I
want banana
by wouldn't want strawberry, banana.
so yeah that's one of the things that would be interesting to study during this time. Mhm.
interesting.
interesting them.
to
get
their attention.
Okay.
No that's interesting. I don't I don't play too
much was
sort of like
those
that, but like I find that like just interesting in
general for attention. Um What do you
want to do afterwards getting
for your PhD? Like what would be the ph D. B. N. Would it be
like a forensics or psychology or what
cognitive Your. Okay.
Yeah. Are they tenure though? Yeah.
Are they
assistant
professors or associate professors
or
full?
Oh um no associates you should have tenure.
Um So yeah, I'm not sure why. It's usually the
assistant
professors
that
are
stressed.
Yeah they're
the
ones
that
are
pretty,
yeah. Um My guess associates could get stressed out because like the next level for them is a full professor that sometimes really hard to achieve. Yeah.
that's
fair.
Are
they get
things done?
like
like micro
man?
Are you gonna like apply like just like broadly
and
just go wherever are you trying to stay in the area?
No.
really? Okay. Um Who's
the who's
at U. C. L. A.
Monte. Okay. I don't I don't know that name. I know you I know U.
C. L.
A.
S. Marketing is pretty good and if marketing cycle usually
tied together somehow but I'm
not sure about that name. What kind of work
does he do?
Oh dang. Okay wow.
I agree.
Yeah I like the marketing side because you can do strategy but once like you're comfortable like as a professor and have tenure, you can dip dip yourself in psychology and publishing psych which is fun.
Rather than like do psych and have to go through that whole market and competition for publication
just to
marketing.
Yes. Um we take 1 um We take we take mainly a consumer behavior seminar where each week is like a different topic, like
one
week could be on beauty products and then next week could be on authenticity.
And so it it really
ties in like a lot of like psychology and marketing work together and we reached site papers as well as like marketing papers. Um
And then sometimes we take classes. We take psych classes to if we want to. Like I took one on motivation which was fun, like all the types of motivations that we have. Uh huh. And yeah, classes are pretty light in terms of because like it's on you to choose your classes. Um Like if
you have
a certain interest in something, you take it like, but if you don't want to like you don't have to. Um There's only
like
a certain set amount of core
classes you have to take to graduate.
But other
than that, like you're just like doing research most of the time.
Oh, actually, actually actual experiment.
That's probably why
I'm on
kids, but also through prolific. We can run surveys and stuff like that. I've actually I've actually seen like a survey from one of my, one of my um
Like yeah,
one of my people.
I was
like, hey, I see your survey. Um But I've actually I do run studies on prolific. Um We
have
a behavioral lab that we were university students. And and um if we partner up with the company, we could do a field study with them too.
No,
no it's like for like for them it's like free innovation. So they like we have like a lot of partners.
Yeah free innovation. So like like we have like the lows we have target,
we have petsmart. And so like if
we
have a project
that like kind of lines with what they do, we just offered to them, they change the stores
or manipulate the stores reports sales to us
and then we can verify
our hypothesis. And if it works like they have a free insight and we get a publication.
for like especially in my uh
my field we have two tracks. We have a quantitative track and we have a consumer
behavior track. So consumer behavior just think of it as like it's pretty much psychology but are dependent
variables
are
just brands. And then you have your quantitative people who are like using like data to predict like things like um like hey let's get the number
of likes on instagram as well as the number following and create like an equation and economic equation of how of their brand impact.
Yeah. So they're using like a lot of like data and sort of like modeling so they create like fancy equations that like. Yeah
yeah but um there is like we have to
take
a quantitative class and there
was one of them about luxury goods and I was like how can you like model like luxury goods? And there was like an equation for snow happiness, like it takes account into like the consumer snobbishness and then like rates the value of the brand, and I was like, what?
Exactly. And then it takes account into like the observers who tried to adopt
it. So it's
like, if
the
observers
try to adopt it, then like the brand
value decreases,
so like we have to like move things around. Yeah.
um So, so like, afterwards you
can,
so there's not really industry, I want to become an expertise
and but like those are all available if I just
use them as
dependent variables,
right? So like, if I'm interested in cars, I'll just use
cars
as
like
my like
brand choices or something like that.
It's
correct.
Yeah, but afterwards, all of us were mainly tour going towards a tenure track position and
that's, yeah, that's and that's how they like, so the business schools, if you are ever interested, um they're really good at funneling
people for positions, so they only accept like 50
to 100 PhD students per year to fill the faculties afterwards, to
fill the retired faculties afterwards. So like you are
guaranteed
somewhat like a job, it might not be like the best one, but like you're guaranteed a job rather than going to a post doc. Yeah.
So they're really
And maybe
you get
it and if not you work in the industry. Exactly.
So
that's
why
I
like.
So yeah, like essentially like if I could, if the world was ideal, like I'd be
doing like social psychology PhD right now, but like I have like an
interesting marketing and so like I can just do this and like have better a
better career and then get tenure,
then
dip
into psychology again.
Because
because all like the methods and like the philosophy is all the same, it's just like our outcomes are just
different.
Right. And the like the cool thing with like all the industries that you talked about is like I can be
like a third party consultant
for all
all
of them and have like my own small business. Like if I understand like just like simple decision making, I can go into cars and talk to like our people, I can go into the food about contacts in that. So a lot of people like do consulting on the side um after afterwards too,
which is fun. Okay.
it's been it's been good so far. I just wrapping up my first year right now. Um So yeah 44
more, four
or five more to go.
Are you wanting to enroll like next fall?
Okay. That's okay. That's yeah, that's pretty good. I kind of did something similar where I didn't realize like I like this until the end
of my
career or like end of my senior year.
And so like I took like
an extra
year working under with my professor while unemployed.
So
I
just like yeah so I just took a gap year and just sort of like oh this is fun, like I'm just gonna keep doing it. Um.
Earth.
No. Yeah no that's awesome that you actually have like a page like position to like explore.
That's awesome.
Yang
That's actually really awesome.
Um Would you consider like industry afterwards?
Okay. But that's
like the most
valuable thing for industry so like soak it up while you can.
I mean like like at the end of it, like at the
end
of the day I felt like
what
you can do
rather than like your background because my back my background in engineering and like mechanical engineer like so like all like the engines and physics and stuff like that, but like
by showing my interest
in like marketing, by like say like
hey
these are the projects I've done with my professor. My professor can vouch for me, like that's how I was able to get in. Um So like if you can show like your recent projects and all your skills like I think that's more powerful for like industry rather than just like your degrees and background because
you don't
learn anything
in. Yeah, you don't really learn anything in college, just kind of
there to figure out yourself.
Yeah and and
if anything like
if you can do what they
need and your background like different,
like that's even better.
So I went to undergrad at Clemson University in south Carolina and then I decided
to work for
two years
at college in Atlanta because like I wasn't sure like he she is a big commitment
and I yeah, I knew that like if I want to do the pc I wanted to do,
I wouldn't
be able
to go
back
to the industry
because like they like make you become uh faculty afterwards. Um And so I was like, you know like let me explore industry a little bit and to see if I like, like it or
not and it was fun but it's just too much like to bureaucratic
like you said, like
it's just
annoying
And if I want to do something, it just takes a lot of time and like, yeah,
I did
not like
there. Yeah, that's fair. But like, you still have like that freedom
that ties you down
bit.
And it asked me to go into things that like as like with snacks and cars and luxury goods and stuff like that rather than just like coke products. Um So yeah, that
more often. Um So yeah, so I, I did that for like two years
and then I dropped and then I got, I got to Duke where I am right now. Um
and yeah, it's been a good time so far.
What do you mean?
Undergrad. Maybe 20,000 if that gives you a sense of size. Um
Yeah, we only like, like, like, like if anything, it's mainly psych and marketing that work together. Yeah.
Duke is one of the place that you apply to. I would
say
it's one
of the best like cost of living and quality of life. Like you're
just like, I mean like, I know it's not like the same
as L.
A. But it's like nice and like naturally,
I know it's green and it's so nice
for
your piece.
Yeah, it's so nice for your like your ph d to sort of like being
like a calm setting,
rather like a hustle and bustle sort of place. Uh huh.
like duke,
like,
Um and duke like matches like stipends of like from schools, like
California. And so like
your stipend goes further here. And like I actually have savings from like
PhD stipends,
right? And it's like I'm in like a two bedroom two bath place and it's like nice. Yeah.
Oh no, I have a roommate.
But some people,
some
people
actually
do have a two bedroom on their own and they used
as a guest bedroom and they pay
800 per month. Mhm. Yeah.
So
like
so like face and
just like yeah, it's really
good here.
Like your PG student, like you're not going to do anything like you're studying and working
and trying
to take care of yourself. Yeah.
Well
So yeah, just a plug.
If you if you're interested in applying to Duke, it's a good place.
Um but yeah, I gotta get to work, but I hope we met our 25 minute requirement. Um
All right. So wait, what do we do? Are you closing this window?
Don't close it.
I
see at
the bottom it says remember
once you have opened the
chat video
chat window, Please keep it open the entire time. Don't close it until you are completely finished with your conversation.
Wait the other page. I did not. I think I think we're supposed
to close
our chat conversation first.
cool. Um, what is your name?
Amber? You want to add me on linkedin? Why don't we keep touched? What's what's your last name?
How do you spell that out?
Amber Hopkins. Um, I guess I should type in the university chapman. You said
Danny, D. E. N. N. Y. And last name H. U. Y. N. H. Is your linked in profile you
wearing?
This is gonna be this is going
to be so funny for like the people who like the researchers watch this because it's just to to other researchers just talking about research. Um, so that'll be fun. Okay. Cool.
Nice meeting you
Amber.
Um, Good luck with
everything. All right. Bye.