Hello
dad how are you?
Yeah. 15 bucks. Pretty good.
Before
on. Sounds good. Where are you from?
Hawaii I grew up here. Yeah.
Mhm.
I The Smallest one. What? Yeah.
For main ones and then there are like little small ones off of the main ones.
Yeah. The smallest of the main chain. Yeah.
Yes.
It's pretty good. I mean on my my islands just so small so it could have really bad or totally fine. Um And it's totally fine. We haven't had any new cases in a few weeks and everything's gonna be opening back up. So it's very very relaxed
there
60 60K. About It's not like incredible. It doesn't sound like when I say it it doesn't sound that small but it's small enough that we have one Costco and every time you go you see 12 people you know. Oh it's like very yeah
very small. Yeah. Which is
nice. I've never been to north Carolina though.
Well, I was born in texas, but I moved here when I was like three, so um anywhere else and
you
know
Dallas?
Yeah. Well I kind of remember just vaguely it being like really hot during the summer. Uh like I remember being just like three and walking out of my house and not being able to breathe in the summer just because it's so humid and hot and miserable and that's
all I remember.
Help.
my parents honeymooned here when they first got married. Um and I just really liked it. So they wanted to move back out here. Uh,
my mom went to med school in texas and that's when I was born. And then when she finished, she got a job out here. Um
so she's been working at the hospital, the one hospital we have here for like.
Well
no
back.
hostage.
Whoa.
Cool. What are you studying
I am here for corona, but I actually live in California. I live in L. A. Um Yeah and I went to chapman there and it's small and it's like very easily heard of. Um and I studied philosophy and psych and then right now I'm in a post back position before I apply to PhD programs. So yeah. That's cool.
Perform.
Yeah. That's cool. We're doing I work at the lab at chapman right now as opposed
to back um and they focus on like decision making and free will research. So we talked about the economic decision making every once in a while, wow.
Colours. It's
Four.
all
very
much
Morning everyone
felt
like
back
to the heart.
It
will work.
simpler.
Figure
out what
they
want,
wow. That would be interesting because it would think so pre conscious right, That you wouldn't even be really thinking that you're doing making the buyer behavior or um
I mean the only thing I know about anything relevant to that I guess is that uh like the difference between overt attention and covert attention. Um so there are two different types of attentional processes. So like you're looking at me right now, you're overly looking at me, you're using your eyes to look at me. Um but if you were covertly looking at me, then you could look somewhere off to the left or right and then focus on something, but then shift your peripheral attention to me. Um So if you right now, actually
we're where I work, we're trying to test this with covert attention. But with overt attention basically, the more you can attract someone's eyes to something, the more likely they are to choose it. Like if when more when it's similar valence, so if you have to if you have two items that someone previously rated, so like two food items that they feel similarly about um and you kind of get them to look at one more than another you by your choice. Um It's
but we're seeing it right now, we're actually conducting a study where we're saying if we can do that for covert too. Um But we'll keep them in available that way and that's used in marketing and by behavior all the time. All you have to be public. One interesting graphic on your on your item, if
it's
like
the difference between weekends or like Triscuits and you like something. Mhm.
Mhm.
I
have
come
home.
All
Or
or
what?
would be cognitive neuro uh
Yeah. So I guess faculty really is like the big thing that could happen. Um We'll see. I mean my bosses are super stressed out all the time and their faculty, so.
Mhm.
Are
they?
I think
that
there is associate professor. Is that is that why?
Well,
I
don't know.
That
are
the
last ones.
So
we're
trying
to
get
to an area.
I think it's just more the like whole research thing like to be a prestigious researcher. It's like just grueling a lot of work and meetings and juggling
things
all the time. And my university is very, very bureaucratic. So these
are
struggling
like a million things at the university is like making them asking them to do, like they're checking them all the time. It's like very
stressful. So I'm like
experiencing
and I'm just like they're assistant right now and I'm like uh so
tell
him.
I don't know. I think, I don't know, I'm kind of sick of L. A. I like L. A. I think it's fun, but I'm very like easily sick of things. So I'm kind of ready to experience something new. But uh I have a professor that I am, I gotten a little closer to and then I really like and I want to do research with for my PhD. I use the L. A. Um So he said
he would help me in his lab. So we'll see. I mean that's a super good option. I don't even know if I'll get in, but if I do get in then I could I would have a lab show working. so that would be cool. Um Other than that you probably just did and go to europe. Yeah,
don't
actually know that.
martin monty.
Well,
for
my home,
our home
war,
anyone
along disordered states of consciousness. So people in like coma are minimally conscious states and kind of trying to figure out what their mental life is like.
So it's cool, it's an opportunity to help rights school so that I can study this whole consciousness thing and do this neuroscience philosophy thing and help too, because sometimes people get so bogged down in research and the applicability becomes less and less. Like you focus on such a small little thing that like the applicability to the rest of the world and how it can be used in the rest of the world, like decreases it's not so much an issue with marketing, right? Because it's extraordinary marketing. Um But in philosophy and then um like kind of the field that I'm going into, it can be very easy to be like, okay, what if we make this one small change on the screen, what will the difference be like? Like it's very so it's it's nice to have an outlet where it makes a difference and it helps
paul. Yeah.
The. Mhm.
Are
you
taking are you taking a lot of classes in the marketing PhD?
Think
quick
at all. Yeah.
lot.
Yeah.
I'm
walking.
During
the
No,
that
has
It's very similar for what I'm going into. In fact, they discourage you from taking classes. It's more about getting used to done what kind of So what does research look like in the marketing, like? Is it more like kind of literature analysis synthesis in coming up with hypotheses and so on? Or is it actual experiments where you're like testing it?
With
the university
kids. Excellent.
Here's
fortunate
conclusion.
It.
And
difficulties.
That's cool. That's what I was like. Maybe you have to work with a company but then it's kind of risky for them right to like do something. But I guess they could
do it.
Free innovation
people.
I
love
it.
Thank
you.
The committee.
Uh huh. How cool is there any particular part or like it is marketing like separated and to like think so like per year kind of consumer industry anything or
50.4
Oklahoma.
What
about
you?
Population
got it.
That sounds complicated.
The
woman.
No.
Yeah. I mean it makes sense Right. Like some kind of like very boujee exclusive brand that made itself very inaccessible, would just like make a snobby person jewel. Like just really
And
what
I'm
gonna
matter.
So
this is,
is there any particular industry that you want to work in? Like food, hospitality, cars?
It's both.
Well, yeah.
More
people,
people
brutal.
But
what
he
did
break.
So it's very broad like after
you get this, like you can just go and say my PhD in marketing and then you just
find a kind of thing.
No.
Three.
My thanks.
darn it,
Working
on
Got it. Okay.
That's so different from mine. It's like straight to post doc and then you're a postdoc probably like two different labs for like your thirties and then maybe you get like in the system
for
it.
That what it's going to be like, but
I'm
not
going
to
have the difference between me and like, I guess the other grad students that I work with is that like there they have a really strong background and like math and coding and everything like that and I'm getting there but I'm nowhere near that. So like at any time they could just jump ship and join industry and make a have a really good career. Like I'm more into like philosophy side, less quants. So what can you what's good?
That's
perfect.
Fine.
Look
at that
level.
Yeah. And with I mean the thing is that you with your PhD now, I'm sure that you can teach psychology courses if you want it and that's like, it's like it's going to be like a non issue like you'll be able to teach those kinds of courses, so you'll be what
you do,
Have
a look. Yeah. So social site, that will be, it will be good. So once you have your PhD, it's just a matter of like what you actually do your research and like you can just define your own field there.
point.
Making
your
security.
That
sounds like a good deal. Oh,
nothing
magically
hard. More. Yeah, it's very daunting.
Yeah. So I graduated in May of 2019 and I just wasn't ready. I was like, I I decided that I wanted to do this diana stuff and search like only my senior year, so I like last minute change to a second major in philosophy. Got all into it and I was spending all this time on it and really passionate about it, but I did not have the skills that I needed to apply to PhD programs to succeed for sure. Not yet. Uh So I was gonna look so I just, my lab that I work in now for me a paid position to stay, so I was like, ok, I'll just stay uh and learn. And so I took it to your position with them and I just finished my first year this May. So this month Obama finished with my first year and then um I'll have one more year and then I'll be applying this coming fall and starting next fall. So
One
more
what?
Any
more.
The whole country.
That's
hard.
it's fair. I mean it's hard. I mean, how young were we when we were in undergrad? Like are we really supposed to know that we really wanted to do? And I was pretty lost for a long time and I was already studying for the fucking else. Like, I was like,
ready to go. I don't know what happened. Something like
wrap
rare, super rare. I'm super grateful for it. It just happened that I was like planning on staying around anyway without getting paid. I have another job at a cafe and it just happened that my boss got this huge grant at the time I was going to stay and he was like, listen,
hey, you stay. Yeah,
yeah, so it's been good.
Mhm I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what kind of job I could get with a psych because the thing is that my school, my school is very soft psych. It's very personality and social people and everything like that. Um The lab and I work in is very Kwan like very like coating modeling neural network
always
like
But so my background though, like my actual education is in philosophy and like not very quant psych so we'll learning all that stuff now. That's why I wasn't ready to go because I took one stats class and one research methods class and I took my research methods class when I was studying abroad. So I learned shit. I was not caring about swat all at that time. Uh And so I don't know, I don't know what kind of job I could get with us. I can Philosophy double major.
You
want
it
is
office
It's
that.
I
have.
You
have a
unicorn.
I know.
I mean it's good to fuck like
24
units.
Thanks
it.
Mhm. Yeah, I'm more diversity and more diverse opinions and everything and perspectives. I guess It's good if you ended up going to a PhD program at the same school that you went to undergrad are different. Yeah.
All
over
the world.
It's
No,
there
were
the
next
level.
Much.
No,
it's
the
security.
The
university
system can be like that too. As a professor doing research
boy.
No, the
creative freedom is the thing. Creative freedom. Like, like the I. R. B. Is basically just going to tell you like, hey this is unethical. That's really your only check. Other than that like you can do whatever you want. No one's telling you. We hired you thinking that you are going to do this kind of research. Like the fuck no one tells you that kind of thing. Yeah.
You have more options I guess.
The home.
Mhm.
This is like how small is due
like size? Like student faculty? Is it more for your baseball?
Do you know any of the philosophy faculty there? No?
Yeah. I my boss works very closely with uh philosophy professor at Duke, and I'm always talking to him constantly. It's not
I
got
physical
40.
What
is it?
Three?
that
was
not green.
Well,
home.
I'm gonna be like expensive. I'm going to be broke and it's gonna be like trafficking. So. Well,
come here,
I get it. I guess the L. A. Thing. I get it. I've done it so
big.
I think.
it's
revolutionary.
You're in a two bedroom, two bath place, all on your own.
Okay. I was like,
I
don't
want
to
all
I
I pay
1100
a month for a room in a four bedroom house. Oh,
course.
Thank
you.
I
know.
Yeah. I try to
like they say, oh,
people
object. Good to know. Well, oh,
Yeah.
I don't know. Let me open this other time. Uh,
Fine. Your music and track. Um, I don't see it, honey. I
don't
know.
Thank
you.
Well,
so when your conversation is complete, please return to this browser to continue your participation. So we have to go back to the other page. Did you close it already? Yeah,
get
that.
Close this time. Okay.
Amber,
Hawkins.
H O P K I N S.
yeah. So yeah, chapman is fine. And then your name,
fought
off my gratitude. Higher. Oh, basic
thanks.
continuations.
I
don't. Good
luck.