be quiet. Hi.
No,
yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
What's your name
that?
Um Hi, Jeff names? Laura.
Nice to meet you.
Oh yes, I can see you. I'm sorry. I was just playing on my phone. Mhm. Um So where are you? Are you quarantining right now?
But oh, I'm um in florida right now, so I'm still in the south but things are closed for me. I know things are opening up little by little but we're still kind of shut down. Yeah.
Yeah. Or I don't think we understand home orders, but we are like most people that I know are staying at home just you know, to be cautious. You
you think their job will stay offline?
But online
you
got
both.
You
are
property
for us.
Three.
And
what
dad?
I'm
talking
about you.
That's nice. It's nice you're able to work from home. Um I don't work so I'm a student and they put us
online for the end of our semester and that was like horrible. But I can't bro,
even
though
we
don't want.
Um So my school because I'm in florida are florida state schools, they're reopening. Um I don't want to be online for fall semester because that's really horrible and I'm a stem student so I'm pre med and having our courses are courses are not meant to be taught online at all. So um having us all off campus and online would not fare very well for us. So
we're planning to
reopen.
I go to the University of South florida
Yeah so I go to U. S. F. And they have told us that we are reopening so we're excited for that. Um I don't know how they're going to make it work. They're basically just telling us to stay away from each other. Which is pretty for me because I'm very introverted. So I stay away from people as much as I usually can.
But we are reopening according to our universities plans so. Right. Uh huh.
And I
see it
hurry.
Nice to meet
you. Okay.
What?
All
That
little bit
of time your ass. We're
instead.
Oh no. I was like I think robots say the same thing I um prefer in class learning because just sitting there and listening to it like it helps my comprehension. So sitting on the computer and learning was not very fun for us.
Um It's not fun for our teachers. I had a teacher last semester who was very upset that we were going online because he didn't want his exams to be online and um he was not very happy with that, but it was our only like choice. Mhm.
So it depends on who you get and what's being taught. So I have friends who they were doing zoom classes. I was very lucky and I didn't have to do some classes but they prerecorded over
power point slides.
So you would just sit there for like three hours and take notes on these PowerPoint slides. They had an exam on friday. That's
fine.
All
Love.
No.
What?
I.
People.
Yeah. Yeah. Because of my glasses, staring at a computer screen for a lot for a long time, even though I have like light glasses, it hurts, especially since I need a prescription, so that's not fun for me. Um Zoom is not my favorite mode of communication. Um Yeah, and like I think everyone's houses just really loud and not made for learning much of anything, so.
Very
lucky.
We
have,
I'm
so sorry. We have a we have a kid in every like every level. So I have a brother in grade school, a sister who did heard the rest of our middle school online. Um I'm not in high school, but I have cousins who are in high school who had finished their their first semester of high school online. Yeah,
it was.
Thank
you.
that was very sad because all of the sports stopped in like the spring. I didn't think anyone got a playoff for
basketball. No one got a playoff. Um
Well
they cut
you right off,
they cut you right off because um I think they closed in March like right inside for March. Madness.
Yeah it's
very
sad
continue continue because I think you'll continue.
Uh south florida is basically just like the middle, so like Tampa Orlando, that general area and then like all the way down to Miami ish. Um So the Orlando in Orlando Magic should be playing then if it's in Orlando, I don't know, but it's really sad for anyone starting or ending in something because incoming college freshmen, it's gonna be really weird for them, especially since they're not getting their freshman experience because I don't know for every school for for my school um you're not allowed to be in the common areas, you're not allowed to have only one person over. Um If you're staying in dorms, you can't like bring to go from a different dorm into your dorm like so they're not getting that like freshman year meeting everyone getting to know people experience because you're not allowed to be around anyone right now.
First you have to yeah. Uh
with
we can
yearnings.
they, I really would like a race to be open, they haven't told something anything about that yet but like I benefit a lot from our library, we have a very nice library, a very big library. Um we have a tutoring services and stuff like that, but my campus is in like a very interesting situation because out of all of the florida universities were very big and we're also a commuter school, so there's a lot of people could just come in and coming out. We have an undergrad program, we have master's programs,
we have a med school on our campus and
a lot of have a cancer hospital on campus. So there's a lot of people at risk that go to my school. So that's very interesting for us specifically.
Hey,
next.
And
this,
they probably won't lock us in our dorms. Hopefully I wouldn't mind.
I'm my daughter, Beauty
has
everything
as long as you have food. Um I also, I just thought of this, but we have at the big university from our status us, there's a our economy that's based off of us, like the entire town that um is in is dissented around the university. So I wonder how that's going to affect them because I don't think that some students might just not come back for fall and they'll just stay at home and do it online because we're getting that option. So that's going to hurt a lot of businesses around us, especially it's like a lot of people saying don't go to restaurants, don't go outside um there's like off campus apartments that are, that benefited a lot from us being there, so that's gonna be interesting. Yeah,
The gators in Gainesville.
B
bye.
Whoa
what?
Hey
wait
no.
that's
It's a lot cheaper to do it online instead of going because my tuition personally, I don't know if this is true for everyone, my tuition is less than what I pay for my housing and my dining, like those are really what like cost for my for my education, but places like games, but like you don't really go to Gainesville unless you have to be in game
two other college towns are. Yeah, other college sounds like um you
use uh University of central florida, that's our like our main competitor school there in Orlando, which is in a college town, it's like an everything town because everything's there, they should be fine. Like Disney's there, everyone's going to Orlando at like all times, people are going to Orlando and quarantine so they're
fine. But for places like Gainesville and like Fort Myers and like all those smaller college towns, they're not, it's going to be an interesting reopening for them.
you.
Well
Uh huh. It's a
victory.
here
lost.
That must be like a hit to their like finances. I know I'm about suing the state. That's it, that's kind of fair because if you're the costs are closing and the costs are reopening, the cost closing again must be like taking a toll on them. I have friends like own restaurants in the area around where I go to school and they're they've been hit pretty hard because no one's
coming there and like a lot of places even though like doing dying out or like take out it's really difficult to get like to make a profit off using the apps and stuff which is interesting. Mhm. Yeah.
ma
Wait.
Well.
Bye.
listen.
Yeah it was.
I
agree.
Yeah. It's really sad to see like ambience places go away because it's kind of like it makes a neighborhood but like I understand like if you don't like because something I've been really missing even though I never really did it when I
had the chance to is like Tampa is an interesting place because they have everything in the nothing. So they're like really like nice museums downtown that
I never really got to go to by myself and like really nice movie theaters and like I've kind of been lamenting on not being able to go outside and go to these places and kind of explore, so because I was planning to do that like towards the end of my semester and then my semester got really short, so
All
look
leave
here.
what,
I am. So I've been like reading the news kind of like sporadically and I that California is saying no more concerts until
2021 which is like super sad for them because I know I I know myself um my friends and I were looking forward to a concert this year and they basically told us um postpones and we don't have dates yet so we're just kind of waiting. We don't even know if our state will allow
concerts and live things for this year but we have a strong thing that they might because florida seems to be really eager to open so
we're like hoping that they will. I
well
there
he
cancelled
Coachella. Just interesting like they never cancelled Coachella two
well
on.
These
Honey.
For me, when the cancellation started in March they might be quiet please. Um When they started canceling things in March I was kind of like this is really premature, they shouldn't be doing this and then everything's closed and I'm kind of just um like that probably was for the best because I knew a
lot of for a lot of artisans went to South by southwest and I was like their main event for the years, how they made their money for like a majority of the money for the year, and
they were just kind of like, well that's over and that that was like a big loss for them.
What?
What?
What?
They're like major events where it's like a bad time for things to shut down like summer for us in florida super big because we're like
the they were like everyone's vacation hub, so like a whole bunch of hotels and a whole bunch of like events are just completely out of luck because like summer's canceled, even if we're going back to school at the end of august,
it's probably
not the best idea to be walking around Miami right now, no matter how hard it um Nothing is really open to my knowledge in my and so there's nothing to do anyway. Um So like people missed out on like spring break. Some people this sounds break, some people are missing out on summer. So right now the year is kind of like these are the big times where people spend money during the year and like yes
for the next
step
I actually kept the other tap opens. I'm gonna open up, open
it up like a different face. Some confused.
Did you just do,
what
is your timer say?
Oh mine says three minutes. It's opened this in a different tab than the one that yeah okay.
Um Do not close it. Did you do? Don't
get
not.
I think
you're supposed
to click
like the button at the end like the blue
button. Yeah.
U. S. O.
Are you as well
you as well? Mhm.
It's a big