Mhm. Hello? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah,
I
can hear me.
Yes I can.
I'm
Jeff.
Hi, nice to meet you.
And you still see me
Uh Not really. I think it might come back in the place soon because I'm from Dallas and and they're kind of ramping back up because they just closed down the bars and some other they're wanting to close down other stuff. So technically not under a quarantine like the time before.
Yeah, I see texas opened up and now let's say about 68 weeks ago they started like slowly reopening and now you want to start pulling down again, but it's not under a stay at home thing like the first time around,
like I work from home pretty much now. So we tried to do a soft reopening because I still insurance for all state um a lot of the stuff we can do um like insurance these days, most people don't come into the office almost everything you can do online or a phone call. So we don't need a lot of person to person business. So we tried one time to open the office and have it close to the public. But then we thought, you know that ended up just being kind of a waste of resources like to actually come into the office, open it up, turn the lights on, have all the equipment running because we don't need much equipment to do what we do. Oh, we just started just working from home. I think my boss may go into the office every now and then because there's certain stuff he has, but
well there
is no, it
won't
stay offline permanently, but there is changes in the mix going on about what
they want to do um going forward from all this. I think the talks were there a little bit before this happened, but since this happened it's kind of ramped up a little bit. But I believe there would be businesses and not just ours, but
you know in all
lines that will change,
you know
how they're done in the future, but
we already didn't have a lot of in personal business anyways. So I can see that definitely decreasing even more and more either. Just people are just reluctant to go into business is now in person and just because you
don't really need it and we already have a small office
anyways
but you know there's a lot of people were selling, you know you can work from home doing a lot of this and I think but I'll work for all States and the
people
who
buy in these agencies, they're able to set them up to work at home. No, I think it's going in that direction.
I know.
You
think
you
are
going to be online for the fall semester?
What
school
did you go to?
Okay. The Bulls and all that. Mm hmm.
No.
I couldn't imagine, you know, I've taken a few. Well, I did an online class, like only one in college. And yeah, it wasn't, I'm not paying to do online. I wouldn't obviously what you're taking, it's not meant to be taken online. So I couldn't imagine schools becoming online for that long.
Because
if I'm paying, if I'm paying to go to a, like an ivy league school, like Harvard,
these types of schools, I'm paying to, you know, you get the in person experience.
If it's
online, I'm not going to be paying that money to do that. And that's what a lot of people are saying these days is, I'm not paying to go to school online,
I could have did that on my own, you know, going to university
of phoenix and all those
other types of schools,
so,
and I don't learn.
I got
No.
So do they like the professors teach like they pre record a lecturer, is it live or how does that work?
No
friday.
Because
I actually friends that are professors and they said the same thing, obviously this is new for everybody, they're not used to, you know, teaching a class through a webcam or pre some of them were pre record, their legs are obviously for them, that's kind of awkward, just kind of standing and talking to nobody. Just pre recording yourself.
I can imagine because all this really came down like the middle of the spring semester, like right around spring break time was like right in the middle. Great.
I graduate college back in 2008. So I know exactly how it goes. I couldn't imagine this happening while I'm in school because I would throw everything of to me or I learned the best obviously in person, just
in person interaction, seeing that professor.
I don't think I could sit well in zoom. Is that my house Too many distractions
for one. And I just really just to stare at a screen. Obviously the blue light and all, you know, stereo
screen down on. I can't even
And yet it also goes through the I mean the parents who have all their kids in grade school and they're almost being forced to home school. You know, not everybody was obviously able to just stay at home and teach their kids or have them learn the computer. It was all, well I don't have any kids, so I
didn't have to experience them.
I
didn't
know how it was.
Well,
I just
kind of feel sorry for the The people who graduated, you know, they were supposed to graduate 2020, you know? And over here they had like almost all the schools that wanted to participate, all the the school district gradually that like in texas, rangers new ballpark or where they raise in Fort Worth at the motor speedway. And it's like just thousands and thousands of kids just kind of just in a similar line graduating them all I want. No, I mean graduation was a big deal for me, but for a lot of people it is in the parents, they're just seeing their kids graduate, you know, at these mass events. That's not really personal. Uh, and they couldn't finish out school, you know, in person or all this stuff was cancelled like prom and and all that stuff over here, like the ones because it kind of throws people in a loop. I'm just curious how it's gonna, because texas is obviously, as I mentioned, they slowly reopened another kind of dialing back and school is supposed to be starting, you know, in the next couple of months, teachers are supposed
to
have a lot of friends who are grade school teachers and they report back to school much earlier in the kids to get ready. I don't know how it all come about. It will be interesting. And, you know, I'm really into sports and that's kind of obviously been taken away and how are they going to go about reopening and all this other stuff?
No.
Yeah. You know that's March Madness. You know, that's all those kids
are especially
seniors.
What?
Yeah, they did. And um you know, March Madness was just a couple weeks from a couple weeks from happening. As you mentioned the they were in the basketball there and like not to start the conference championships was going to be that week. And it is pretty much some of the games, they stopped in the middle of the game, like at halftime and they told everybody they released all the fans, the team didn't come back out. Especially those seniors who you know, play for those moments where you thought it was taken away college baseball was cancelled like the next day and then the NBA cancelled when they suspended their season. That's when he knew it was kind of real, that stuff doesn't happen. Uh
They were about
to
start playing, go ahead.
I was gonna say like the NBA was about to just do like play in front of no fans. Actually that I was actually looking forward to that because I obviously had never seen a game on that level, like a professional basketball game played with no fans I call it would sound What they just did away with the little seasons. They're coming back to 31st. We'll see what happens. I think they're actually playing, you know where you are. I don't know what part of florida you are, but they're playing in Orlando, which I think is where software is.
exactly. Yeah. That has to be hard. I didn't have the freshman experience. I went to a community college before I transfer, but I totally get the whole freshman experience and you know, that's what going to college is about for a lot of those kids, they're now on their own, they're not with their parents anymore. Um You're still under supervision a little bit because I know that lot of the campus is if you're a freshman, um you're required to stay in the dorm. Um But
and all the, you know, the, like you said, the common areas and a lot of people where you hang out, this is where you meet a lot of new people. Um if they're doing it with all that stuff that takes away a little bit from the college experience and basically seems to be going the layer, you just go to class and leave the building as soon
as again, almost I think, or you go back to where either if you're in the dorm, you go to class, go back to the dorm. If you're not staying on campus to go to class and leave the school.
And I'm
I don't know if libraries be open, you know stuff like that. I'm gonna guess they would be if the school is open but I don't know.
What
how?
right. I didn't even think of that because where I went to schools in Ut Arlington, they're also pretty much a commuter school. I'm gonna guess these still are it wasn't really uh traditional college atmosphere. I think they're trying to make it that way. But as you said, you know you just have a lot of people community in and out. They don't live on campus or maybe anywhere near campus. You can't really control. You know those people going off, you don't know who they come in contact with any of them back
they are.
Makes it more interesting. It's easier to control if it's like the freshman in the dorms. I mean I'm guessing but even then it's still be kind of hard to control and you can I guess force him to stay there. Right.
I'm
guessing a lot of them have cars so they can leave whenever they want. It's not like they're gonna lock them in the dorms.
I hope not.
That
would
be strong.
right. Yeah. I don't even think of that aspect as you mentioned like college towns. I'm good. I'm thinking you're talking about florida gators and the Gainesville. Yeah
because I didn't even think of that aspect of you know college towns. If all the college kids obviously since March have been sent home um a lot of them are just going to school there, they don't live there, they're going easily back to their parents house or even if they stayed in an apartment, um
a lot of times they still went home anyways, a lot of schools
kind of forcible kids off campus
and as you mentioned, if there's no kids,
they're they're the ones usually supplying those businesses their money by just going there. If they're not there,
you're not going to have out of towners usually come in
and go
to these places, I've been to college town, so I know how they operate.
All of these are in restaurants and places are usually geared towards the kids and people who live around the campus. If you take all those kids away, a lot of them may not survive, and especially if they can just do it online, they'll just go back to where they used to be, used to live and never re enter those talents anymore, There's no need for him to.
What?
no.
bray.
They will, yeah, I didn't even think of that aspect before you brought it up like um because even the businesses,
you know, obviously a lot of the your franchise type
places, chain restaurants and those usually won't be affected as much um but you're independently on my after in a college town or not are usually the ones that are hit the hardest. They're usually operating, especially at restaurants because I know some people who own them, they they operate pretty much where, you know, they can almost go under within a couple of months, you know, they're usually operating right at that level, they don't have a whole lot of wiggle room for, to be shut down for a couple of months. Especially these bars now in texas are going to be, you know, they're actually suing the state, I don't know how that goes, but because they're really shut them down once reopened them and now they're shutting them back down again and the owners are kind of fighting gets that. Yeah, I've already said this down once and you are kind of picking and choosing what can be open and what can't be open. So, a lot of like bars and restaurants, you know, they don't have just all this financial wiggle room to be shut down for a couple of months, A lot of them will just go under, they'll get what they can get out of it and they go either open something else up later on or
we
already had a lot of places in the Dallas area that have shut down coming your local eateries or bars they just can't handle being shut down for or even the ones that stayed open. Um they didn't allow dining in so they lost all that type of business. Like people just sitting there and like ordering drinks that went away. So any income from that,
you know, usually they allowed alcohol to go, but most people aren't going to
order up alcohol to go home with. They wanted that experience of drinking while in these places. If you take that away, they're not going to order alcohol to go, they can just easily go to the liquor store and get it for cheaper her.
All
That's always mentioned like even the restaurant when they started to reopen, they did it in what these phases like and here in texas they would
25% capacity and 50% capacity I think in 75. I don't know if we ever got up to 100 or whatnot. But yeah most people are the restaurant atmosphere. They wanted to be a lot of people go to these restaurants to be in the restaurant atmosphere. They don't really it's not all just about the food so a lot of them won't go and take it home. T they wanted to be in an atmosphere or like couples wanting to go out, they get
away from the house, they don't want to bring that food back,
they just cook it themselves. So yeah a lot of those places just didn't survive and you'll never see him come back because they won't have the they either just won't do it or it won't be worth their trouble because it costs a lot of money to open up a restaurant, it's just not worth their trouble to keep opening and reopening. Especially the bars, obviously
their income is solely based on alcohol so bars can't operate, obviously let's take out, but in texas they used to not be able to take alcohol home with you from any restaurant you couldn't leave
any restaurant with alcohol with, they changed that pretty quickly, but I'm not sure how much people are because alcohol is already overpriced at the restaurant is in uh and I can see how much people are taking it home with them,
you just go down the street to
the
local beer liquor store, buy a cheaper.
Great.
Or?
right. Yeah, I have a friend like my best friend's cousin was like in like broadway out in new york pretty much, you know they've been out of work now for a long
time or any type of musicians who perform live um
because you only get so much money like recording in the studio and having people stream
or by the
music, all our money's from shows doing life, that stuff's been cut back for months
now and I was always going to be one of the later things that open. We're like live shows and theatre and in places like the but it affected a lot of people. There's a lot of segments of the economy that people don't think about that have been hit by it. So it ain't just it's not just the stores you see, you know, it's obviously the people and then tonight the people who perform live, you know, they can't do that right now. Some people are really attend those episodes so they kind of forget about that aspect.
What?
No.
So
Yeah. Well so it'll
be interesting
next couple of months and see
what they do
from there.
I know. And like south
by southwest was here in
texas in Austin. That was a huge
music and film festival I think more music and film. But they close they really close that they shut that down really before this really hit big and I was like a huge deal to close you know south
by southwest and and everything else I'll receive went after that because I think they set that down before the NBA canceled and everything else. Uh huh. But now it's just kind of like that was a big deal back then now it's just all these events being canceled, this is kind of sadly becoming normalized. It's just uh
all
And
Oh a lot of people lost money and stop us. A lot of the promoters lost money, the people who are housing like the venues and then all the money that
was lost eventually. You know, all these clubs and bars down in Austin what I mean? It would out the hotels would have all the out of towners coming in providing income that was all done away with. So you
have promoters losing actual money right then and there that they already front and everything and then all the future money that was lost file all the hotels and all the clubs and businesses. But a lot of those businesses, like a big chunk of their income from the year is like from these big events like south by Southwest and then Austin has other events but that's
in the city. It was like all these events that come to town and attract all his business.
No. No.
Very
long.
And all that went away. Well, so for the next step, do you know if we're supposed to click a link for the next step of this
is
it?
Good.
What? Yeah.
All right please I see the tighter at the bottom
and
41 18 and County.
Oh
when
your conversation and please
see I'm trying to once you have please keep the entire time with the conversation. I'm feeling all that.
I'm just
not seeing
them
or
Makes sense.
It was nice talking to you.
Okay well have a nice day.
Okay thank you.