Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. What? Uh huh. This is Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm promised I don't get it back. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Thank you.
you doing,
on time.
My name is Scott
Nice to meet you too.
Twice before.
Oh yeah, I'm a veteran now. Yeah,
it's for, I was just gonna say at four o'clock now so it's official now.
Yeah, both of them were pretty good. Once we started getting going, we just, you know, we just started chatting about common topics and it was good.
So where
do you
live with the
state you live?
live in New Jersey in like a small town by the shore.
Okay.
Um kind of I mean New Jersey's, it's pretty densely populated for a small state, but like I said, it's it's pretty rural so it's not too bad. I mean, you know, you can pretty much walk around your neighborhood, not worry too much about wearing a mask in your, in your neighborhood. But obviously it's story himself. Obviously I wear a mask and everything.
Yeah, I've been to many cities so I'm not really like tremendously familiar with cities and then I've been to a few of my life, but not too many cities. Mostly just a small town guy.
Way bigger were like cross there are like 20,000 people were small.
Right? Yeah. For us, our biggest cities new york and that's like way,
way
up north forever. My biggest city in our county is probably like maybe 100,000 maybe people. That it's small.
absolutely.
And the summer is great. You know, you've got, you've got the ocean, you got all that stuff. It's great.
Oh yeah, I know, I know that. believe or not. I actually, as I've gotten older actually better with the, the heat than I am with the cold as I've gotten older believe or not.
Exactly, I'm like, tattoo. Exactly.
I know, I know I'm getting there, I'm getting there too, I'm almost, I'm almost 40 so I'm getting there.
Mhm, I'm getting there,
but um but yeah, what do you call it? Um I know, obviously um I would assume you guys had lockdown everything like that before, like uh everything in town, I'm assuming.
Yeah, I mean right now, I'm pretty much just uh pretty cool around my family and pretty much just going on when I have to get essentials. That's pretty much it, they're not, we're not really doing much because same thing, it's just not safe and like, general, general public, I mean, you can go like
parks and like, you know, like maybe like the beach within reason. But that's pretty much it really. Yeah.
Like I said,
we have a local beach. Like I say it's on by the baby us and say it's literally five minutes from from where I live. And like I said, I'll walk around with a mask. I'm the only one over there in the mask. Everybody's just looking at me like I'm like, I'm strange, but I'm like, I'm like, you don't know, you know, you don't, you don't know if you have, you don't know if I have that. I don't know. You know, you just don't. Exactly. You got to be careful. Exactly.
No, no, because like I said that the beach prices a local one. And like I said, I would say the boardwalks maybe six or seven ft across. It's a small boardwalk. That's why it's a little more dangerous. Those ones like when you got like the you know like the really big boardwalks you're you're pretty safe. But when you got a small ones like six or seven ft even if you're going side to side I mean your your clothes.
Exactly exactly. One thing like that's what he called recently. That was nice. It was probably I'd say about a month or two ago what he called um We have a six flags bus and they recently just um normally there one ride is a safari which you have to do as a ride. But then what they're allowing now is you to take your own car to go through it. So that's nice. You take your own park so far. That's nice. So that's very safe and you can see the animals. It's great. That was that was nice. That was nice.
66
flags.
Yeah, they have they won by us is how to so far basically. Since it's open. Yeah, they have a safari
then. Nice. So we're there director so far. That was nice because like I said, you have the windows closed, you're totally safe, etc. Nice animals. It's great.
Right now I'm not working, but I'm right now, I'm kind of glad I'm not right now just because I don't even know what schools are going to be doing right now, to be honest. I mean it's I mean like I said right now, I'm pretty much the same thing like, you know, like kind of what you're doing just doing like online, type stuff, you know the gig gig type stuff, but just because I don't know where we're going to stand or no, I, you know, have things, but something, you know, you could start a job and then, you know, like three weeks later you get laid off. Just, it's tough.
It works out.
Oh yeah. I mean to me, in my opinion, it should make it really, the kids and the and the parents option to go as it should be 100% there option. They want to go, then it should be their option, but they don't want to go then they shouldn't have to go just because, I mean, the teachers, I mean, I understand they're getting paid, the kids aren't getting paid to go to school. I mean, that's, you know, I mean they're paying to go to school, but they're not getting paid to go to school. But the teachers, I mean, I understand you want to protect the teachers, but they are getting paid. So, I mean.
Oh, no, Absolutely. I the student should really choose and that's 100 cents would be their option. But the teachers, I mean, if, I mean if if, like I said, if it's not safe, then obviously should go in. But I mean as long as they can have a good protocol and it's safe, then I can understand. I mean, it's tough to, I mean, it's tough to say, I mean if the teacher
don't
feel safe,
I mean that's their choice. But I mean if it's, if they may
have a safe protocol, they should really kind of have to go because they are getting paid. So, But but it's just, you know, it's that's one of those like, you know, gray area ones.
Oh, yeah. Well, thank thank God that I'm not
letting
brazil right now. Oh my gosh, brazil is horrible the way worse than we have it. They're they're they're real bad. Their their their countries like probably like a third of our size. And they had, their cases are like like skyrocketing over there. It's a horrible over there. Horrible.
I mean that it's bad. Uh huh.
I know. Yeah, I know. It's it's bad.
I know less.
I know. That's depressing. I know. Exactly.
Oh no, I know. What do you call you into sports?
Yeah.
You can see in the back there really called dolphins and dolphins, Jersey and stuff like that
there.
I'm a dolphin fan. I ain't going there this year, that's for sure. But uh
Uh Well, to be truthful, I mean it's it's hard to say because like I mean, you know like football itself, like close contact sports, I mean unless they could put face miss or something else and there I just don't know if it's safe your stuff like you know like basketball, something about places but things like baseball if you do it right you can do it because I mean outside outside the catcher and then the runners and stuff like that, it's pretty distant as is. And then the dugout like I said just make it make it six ft apart and then put the rest of the
people
in
the in
the in the locker room if you have to separate if you have to do like that. I mean you could you could you could manage it and then like stuff like tennis. I mean people across the other side of the court. I mean it's like I mean it's like it's no problem but then you know, but you know other things are just it's tough. Like, like rugby, I mean forget about wrestling, boxing. You can't do it. No way. There's no way. I mean that's that's just, you know, there's no way I mean.
I mean it's just one of those things, but yeah, I know. I mean pretty much just watching tv and everything. I miss going to the movies that's for sure. Uh huh
Because we call him
a big movie person, but I'm not going to movies and since like March, it's been a while in a while
of,
well what do you call were major movie collectors? We've got a ton of TVs in our household. We probably have like over 1700 Dvds.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Combined between all of us, I'd say we got about 1700 Dvds.
Um We could remember like the characters and stuff and not so much the lines and maybe
maybe some of the stuff that happens in the movies, but I wouldn't say so much like the lines and stuff. That's that's rough. That's a lot
would be a look at it as it was then. I definitely be on the talk show or something like that if I knew that much. Uh Exactly,
I've always been that type of stuff. What types of you
you into music mostly, it seems like you're you're the musical type you like? Right,
it'll take two. Yeah.
Your what would you say, your rock person alternative? What's your what's your favorite?
Gotcha. Yeah, me, I'd say nineties and early two thousands person, that was me, you know, that would just make everything all the stuff now like Justin Bieber all this stuff. No, thank you. No, thank you. Not for me. Uh huh.
Of
course.
Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean it's just the same way with, I wouldn't necessarily say um what we call movies, but I would say like, you know like if if, you know I mean obviously there's probably, you know, a little little like more more of my generation like video games and stuff like that. Like, you know, like I like a lot of the older video games more in the new video games because something I grew up with it because it's probably a little bit, you know after your time but not not too much, but a little bit after, you know, a little bit after. But uh you know, I I grew up with it, so that's just what it was.
exactly.
Yeah, because like I said for three of those, all the new stuff, even even though, you know, like I said, you know, like, because I'm in the new assistance and I was just like so high tech and everything. I'm like, what? You know, you just look at him. It's like nothing like the original ones. Nothing. It's
like so different.
All
Oh yeah. It's just so hard to play through. That's a problem.
absolutely.
No,
not so much. I mostly, like I said, I pretty much stopped
after like pretty much like the original Xbox. That's pretty much when I stopped. I mean,
uh, what we call the other family members, you know, play like,
I
guess someone more newer stuff, like I watched them play, but for me, pretty much stopped after like, like the original Xbox pretty much. That was pretty much it for me,
the certain type
stuff, the same type stuff, like the same civilization type stuff and stuff like that.
Hold
on.
Like like you said before,
you
could
always do the shoot em ups or you just do the fighting games
because they're just, you know, hit button combination is hurt the other guy and that's it. Exactly,
stuff like that.
Oh no. I know exactly. Because I remember the first time I think when I would go one of my other pretty cool. And um you know, my brother would have like to have one of the newer systems and stuff like that and he had to do this this one game. It was like it's like an army game or something like that. You had to do like a three button combination and like pull back on like a thing just to throw grenade. I'm like, are you kidding me? It was like, I was like just to throw her date and like just push a button. Mhm. But I was like, like just to think in your head, I just I'm just it just wasn't processing in my head. I'm like, I was like how do you do that for throw grenade? Mhm.
Exactly. And broke the throw grenade. I know, it's like just hit the right trigger or push a button or is that Oh
something Yeah, because there's a same thing, it's more more, you know, it's like something is more like um you know like while he was you know like going into like um when he was in school and stuff like that, so it was like pretty much, you know, as you have as good as you've grown up kind of thing.
Oh, I know exactly. That's what I was like when I was like, I try to do and I was like, I was just, my brain was like, like, are you kidding me? It was just couldn't comprehend. I would like to do a grenade.
I,
well you'd
be surprised.
You'd be surprised because some of
the, some
of the newer
ones do are are that simple to play? Because I played some ones that were um what we call the, I think uh, Xbox 3 60 or something like that and the same thing. There's one band combinations and they're really fun games, but all the ones like I said, are like, they're nuts. It all depends. I mean, plus Worship Center is always the weight, which is 100% motion activated and everything. That the way, I mean, there's always the way that that's easy motion activated. I mean,
that's that's that's simple because the handhelds you know once once they got passed out and was the I think it was the Gameboy events. That's when they went crazy to the handouts. They're kind of crazy too.
This is right.
yeah because I would say right now that honestly you'd be surprised I would say the console is almost as powerful as the Pcs now at this point
because
about
10 years ago it's I
would say the Pcs and were powerful but now with the newest stuff that's close real close now it's close that the power is pretty close you can almost literally you can almost somebody consoles
literally could be your own home computer if you wanted to be. Mhm.
Oh yeah and then all they have to happen is you know the virtual reality or the three D. And then it was like forget about it because I mean now with the four K. It's good but when the cake comes out forget about it. Uh huh.
Okay. Really? My problem is that a case? I don't know if they're gonna have too many smaller than 40 inch TVs. That's the only thing I'm not too sure about.
You
know I mean because that's the only thing if you've got a small apartment or if you've got a small area you know you probably have to stick with either four K. Or or smaller unfortunately.
Exactly. Well it's up to you if you want to keep going because technically it's 4 26 now so it's up to you.
it was a couple more minutes maybe we should offer maybe 4 30 then everything that is fine for a couple of minutes was just for a couple of minutes just to round it off.
Well,
honestly, like I said, it was more just like I said, I guess you can just say like something just different interests. I wouldn't say we're like, I wouldn't say there are arguments, but I would just say it was just like just different interests. That's what it was. But I don't think I've ever had a thing where I was like, you know, like what? Are you kidding me? Are you this are you a Republican? Are you no not like that? Or you're a democrat? What? Are you kidding me having nothing like that? You don't like trump what? Are you kidding me? Uh huh. Mm
uh uh huh.
Yeah, that's
what
I got to go through.
yeah, it's probably like you said, it's probably like I said, anybody that gets the specific time frame and can get the exact same chat time as the other person. So they just, you know, randomly choose people and say, hey, one of these two will be linked up together. Exactly.
yeah, absolutely. Yeah. That would be empty, interesting.
Oh, well. But I see all the time to like when they say, you know the trump and dividing thing all the time, like this is biden's destroying them in the polls. I'm like, where are they getting these polls? Wonder? I know. I'm like, I'm like, it's also the silent majority to
I know exactly what you mean. But yeah, like I said, if, if the, if they're obviously, I would say if there was a six flags with the safari near you, I'd say go for it, but I don't know if there's one anyone here yet.
Yeah. Like I said, if they have it in the park that's close by. Hey, and if the data just drive through and go for it. Like I said, safe, Why not? They said 2020. I think it's $20 per person. That's what they charge. It's not that bad. There is something to look into. Yeah. So yeah. Something to look into. Sure.
But yeah. So I mean, yeah.
All right.
That's
fine.
Yeah. Okay. You too. Take care. Yeah.