Hello? What? All
right. I hope I'm on time. Yeah, I think I am on time. Yeah.
on time. Cool, cool. My name is Russell,
maybe. Hi scott. Nice to meet you.
Have you done this before?
Okay. I did it one time before and the first time I did it it took four different tries before a person showed up, so I'm glad to see you ship it up.
Cool. Uh
Okay. All right. So we just need to keep track of the time and stuff like that. Um I had a good talk on my first one. How did your other ones go?
That's cool. Yeah, that's how it went for me too. You never know who you're going to get paired up with or whatever, but I don't know. It's uh
is
it?
I'm
well I'm in Illinois. I'm near Chicago. I'm in a suburb. So on the outskirts of Chicago, wow,
okay. Okay. Yeah, I grew up in this area so you know roughly in the Chicago area so it's uh I just kind of stayed you know got a job around here and you know there you go. Yeah.
Is that like what you did?
Yeah. Oh yeah absolutely that's that's the way it is around here. Um I do see more people out walking now because I think more people are either making their own schedule or hopefully they didn't lose their job but but yeah that's the boy that was around here, it's suburban and we got streets with sidewalks on both sides, sidewalks on one side and no sidewalks so.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It sounds like my town is just a little bit bigger than yours.
because because I'm like 30 miles outside of Chicago so this is not the city at all. You know
what do
you think?
Yeah. Well that could be a nice peaceful way to live. As long as all
yourself.
Yeah, it's been really hot and humid here and today it's really nice. I got the windows open and it's the relief I need it. I'm not a big hot weather fan.
Yeah. You know what happened to me? It's like I'm I'm less capable in the cold weather, but my hot weather tolerance hasn't changed, but yeah,
sucks getting hole.
Okay. All right. You got you gotta do is you'll be fine.
But yeah.
Yes, yes. Yeah, Illinois had a lockdown and then it got extended and uh me personally, I'm still in the mode of not going out and about. Uh my my girlfriend lives a couple of towns away and we are both the same mindset. You know, you avoid exposure like I just go when I have to go to the grocery store or for the store for stuff around here. She's lucky because she can have her groceries delivered and stuff so by us both being well isolated, then we can visit each other because we know where the other person has been. So that's how I'm structuring my life nowadays. How about you?
Probably.
Right. Yeah. It seems like sometimes people don't understand that each person that you interact with, if they've interacted with people and they have interact with, it just increases your odds so much. And I know it sucks, you know, especially if you want to go out and see people, but you know, it's so scary that it sounds like we're very like minded on this and I'm glad because I can see really clashing with people that feel different and that would be difficult for me to,
so.
Right. When I walk around outside here, I'll carry a mask with me, but I don't wear it. But every time I see another person coming on the same side of the street, I just cross the street. They don't know where I'm going, they don't really care, you know? And I figure fine an entire street is enough distance, but should I get into a situation or want to stop in a store or something, I got the mask with me, I'll put it on, but I can see at a beach, if it's crowded, you're not getting away from people.
Yeah, exactly. That sounds like we have a little what they call a prairie path around here around a man made lake and it's yeah, that's the size of the path. So it's like I've kind of stopped walking there because if you're coming with towards someone, there isn't enough room to distance. And if you're walking like this, they might catch up to you or you catch up to them and it's like, I'll just walk around the blocks around here.
where did you say the name of the place was or did
you?
Oh, six flags. Oh yeah, sure, sure. That's interesting. I always thought of them as just rides and carnival, these type stuff.
wow.
Yeah. That sounds great. That sounds great. Um Has your, has your job been affected by all this? You work from home or? Yes.
Yeah. Well, I'm I'm retired. I retired early. I was in a situation where I was with a company that kept downsizing and downsizing. I work for A T and T and and the way that they moved through different companies Alcatel lucent loosen and I was going by the time they went to Nokia, but I got in a situation where they just kept cutting back and sending jobs out of the country and I finally got hit and just kind of fell under retirement. So I feel very lucky that I was able to do that and then at home and my girlfriend has a job where she always works from home, so things are cool there and neither one of us have kids and stuff so so that, you know, so
yeah, it works out, but man, I can't imagine the people that have to go into work as the companies just don't understand or my sister, my sister is a schoolteacher for really young kids like kindergarten, the third grade and something like that. And her school is just being very demanding and they're going to open and you know, they're afraid of losing the students and it's I hope she's going to be safe.
But the thing is when we were in lockdown, the my sister was teaching remote because the school promoted remote teaching if she was working and getting paid. But now they're saying we may lose too many students, so you have to come in, the students have to come in and that's the Yeah.
My
options
are
bright.
Yeah. Yeah. It is, it is it's it's tough because it's like, you hear a lot of news and conflicting stuff, but man, the worst case scenario is so bad that it's just so much better to err on the side of being careful, you know, What does it cost you if you're careful? I was isolated for a long period of time. Well, that's better than, you know,
getting
old.
Yeah, that's
wow.
Yeah. Huh. Well maybe we should talk about something more
positive.
No, no, I'm just trying to I'm just, I don't want to bring you down either, you know?
Uh Not really. The closest I came into sports was like auto events, like auto cross and stuff like that, but yeah, you
were in the sports.
okay, okay. Yeah, it's a little bit
hard to make them, but I see it. Yeah. Yeah,
We're going to get pulled back into the conversation, but I have to ask you, what do you think about, you know, different sports and teams playing and what do you think about that?
You
know
how
many?
yeah I agree with you, I agree with you yeah.
but
no.
what do you do now to watch movies? Just you have a you subscribe to streaming or see
stuff on?
Oh you are serious?
are you good at like the trivia? Like are you the kind of guy that remembers all the stuff at him and?
Good.
Oh yeah. Right right right
that's a lot, that's that's pretty cool and you've always been in the movies? Yeah
What?
Yeah
yeah before before I so what I did when I was like a kid and then when I was in my twenties I made my living doing music and I just I thought to myself someday you're gonna have to grow up and get a real job. So I went back to school and that's how I got the job at A T. And T. But my love for music and I still play and I still practice you know that's that's kind of silly when my practicing for I don't know I like doing it, I like learning you know? But yeah that's that's my thing, that's one of my big hobbies. Yeah.
Uh you know I like I like all the different kind of music that anything that's really good that that moves you emotionally. Yeah and when I was playing I was a freelance player so I got called to do all kinds of things and I needed to be as good as I could and get the job done, you know? So I had experienced a lot of stuff and other players and it's like, wow, this is a neat, you know, this is good music, this is good music is good music. So the whole genre. Yeah.
I'm completely out of touch what's going on on the radio. And I was reading an article where they were saying, you know, as you develop as you're a teenager and stuff, it's like you really are drawn to that music you're hearing and that's why everybody likes music from that era when they were really listening, really exposed and stuff
and
make sense, you know?
Cool, cool. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I like the old, old video games too. I mean, you know, it's like I I go back to the point where I remember seeing this was way back, I remember seeing pacman before pac man, it was pawn so there was a gap in there, so I was shocked, but I'm like holy cow, look at this. Yeah.
Yeah.
all
the computer graphics nowadays are Oh man,
is it cool?
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can always go to the shoot em ups because I'm going to do there is shoot, but sometimes I just like turning all that off and just looking at the environment. The worlds are so neat when they're realistic. Um
I really want to get into VR but it's really expensive and I haven't, I've only experienced VR on two different devices and it really wasn't what I was the stuff that I was interested in, but I was so amazed. Have you are you doing any VR stuff or have you seen
it?
that's fine
look
thank
you.
Yeah. Um I still play I still play the newer stuff but I got to pick and choose you know something that I like. But um my girlfriend and I will play stuff online where we have cooperative play kind of like puzzle type things,
pardon?
Not so much story stuff but there's this there's this game we play called Portal
and
it's just really neat because you you put in these portals you have like you get a portal gun and you can put one in and like an A. And a B. And when you walk through A. You come out and be so if you have to get up someplace and there's no stairway you can put a portal down on the floor and one up there and you walk there is now in your stairway because you might have to go up there and pick up something so it's more of a puzzle type of game, it's not to shoot them up or anything and uh we just have a blast and I think we both bought it on sale for like I don't know like two bucks or something but you've got more hours of amusement out of that so so there's still good stuff out there if you ever want to get back into it, it's just you got to pick and Yeah.
Do
you
think?
Well
Yeah.
man when there's like all these buttons you got to remember for all this stuff, it's like you know I can see if you grew up doing it and each time a new game came out he added more buttons you get into that mindset. But now man sometimes I feel overwhelmed.
you're probably working with a controller. So those controllers already have a million violence. So that means that means all of those buttons were assigned and they had to go to a three button combination.
And was he was he really adapt to doing it and just you know, doing it like Yeah.
Yeah. That's wild.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think that I know how much I like the old games and I think if somehow I could get into these new games and get my brain wired like you said for all those button combinations. So sometimes I think maybe I should like look at a series of games and go back and play the first series of the second and kind of slowly get brought up to speed because I'm sure I would dig it if I could rip those combinations up without thinking of it. Like, you know, some
young
cat,
we're
helping
our model.
interesting.
Yeah, most of my game playing has been focused on the pcs.
Yeah, because when I actually, when I started playing games, I also like split in two directions and I went into simulations, I went into driving sims because that's something that I used to do and I went into flight sims because the realism behind it was so cool. And so I always stayed on the PC platform because I always had one anyway. And then you could, you know, upgrade them to, you know, to use newer games that required more graphics processing power and stuff. So I'm really not familiar with any of the Xbox and type games, but I think the games are pretty similar across the board, They make them for a variety of platforms.
Oh no doubt. I agree. I I agree with you. Yeah. From
what I've
seen,
it's
So
agree. I agree. From what I've seen, it's blowing me away because I've also seen it where the consoles are so specialized that the graphics look better than the pc version. I'm like, come on.
I'm still blown away and I don't I don't have four K capability here and I'm still blowing away so I'll probably make the jump from this to eight K in my mind. The goal. I
Yeah, that's true. That's
true.
Yeah, I'm just sitting at my desk here. It's like, that would be crazy working on a 40 inch monitor and doing whatever email and spreadsheets, you know? Yeah.
I don't care. We can keep going. I'm having a good conversation. Uh want to talk about.
sure, sure. Yeah. Yeah. So next time they come around, I'll probably try to do them again. Have you ever had one of these conversations and you kind of didn't hit it off or didn't you clashed a little
or?
Yeah.
It might it might just be that the people are like, I got this through prolific and I don't know if they do it through other, but
you
know.
So maybe the people that, you know use prolific are slightly different mindset, but I don't know, you know? Probably not.
Right, Right. I'd love to know what they're doing with this data, what they're looking for. So fascinating. Yeah.
Yeah. So sometimes I'll read in the paper like they'll say a study shows this many people blah blah blah and I'm thinking I did a survey like that. Maybe my voice is finally being heard.
Yeah. Right. Yeah, exactly, exactly. I I just think we can't take anything for granted question everything, but you know. Yeah.
there's we have a six ft, I don't know how far the closest six flags is, but at least it's something that I've heard of. So it's got to be even if it's one state over but the safari part of it, I don't know about that.
All
Well it was scott, right? Yeah. Yeah.
It was really a pleasure talking with you. I'm leaving this conversation and my mood is a little bit better than it was before I entered because it's fun to talk with people even if you don't have all the whatever things in common. We found the games thing going on even though I'm not the sports. So
that's
very cool. Thanks scott.
All right. Bye.