SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Trust me. Hi. Okay. Okay mm. Help you.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Hi. Oh my gosh my sorry my slider was off um
SPEAKER_L: That's okay. Um So do you know what we're supposed to talk about?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not entirely sure I can reread my messages.
SPEAKER_L: Well whenever I read it it was just like have a conversation. I mean we can try and reread it but I guess maybe we're just supposed to get to know each other and um
SPEAKER_R: I know but very big. Um Okay what about work? So I'm a little bit late. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: I was walking my dog. Let me close my door really quickly. Yeah. Mhm Morning I'm artistic.
SPEAKER_L: What do you say?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a real by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Andrea
SPEAKER_R: Hi, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: meet you? Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Okay cool. I'm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about?
SPEAKER_L: in L. A. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So it late morning there,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's 11.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. What's
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: it like
SPEAKER_L: starting
SPEAKER_R: living in
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: Italy
SPEAKER_L: me what'd you say?
SPEAKER_R: What's it like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: living in L. A. Right now with like all that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I feel like it's probably the same as like everywhere. It's L. A. Is kind of interesting because it's like a highly populated city but the streets are like people don't really walk here so
SPEAKER_R: Um driving city
SPEAKER_L: there's never a lot of people walking around. Um So yeah, it's a little more quiet than usual, but I feel like it's like fairly the same in that regard. Um Except yesterday was it like two days ago? I have to go to the beach because I've been walking dogs to make money. Um
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: And there
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there was a dog that was near venice and I went on the boardwalk for like a minute because the house was near the boardwalk and it was really weird. It was almost like the virus wasn't happening, like
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah
SPEAKER_L: 50%
SPEAKER_R: we're people.
SPEAKER_L: of people weren't wearing masks. Um their people, it was just crowded, just like usual. So I don't know, I don't know, we don't really know, you know what's true and false about the virus, but um yeah, that was pretty weird to see.
SPEAKER_R: it's very bizarre. Yeah it's hard like when you're trying to do your best then you see other people just kind of going about the exact same.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like does it really matter what I do then you know if there's like this many people doing that? Um So yeah, I mean I guess everyone in the country is pretty frustrated and there's like a lot of, I mean at the same time like I kind of understand how people are obviously ready to be back to normal, especially when like they're telling us this could last years. And so I guess people just kind of have like a defeatist attitude about it, which which
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I feel I'm.
SPEAKER_R: doesn't matter anyway. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, exactly, it's like it's going to be like this like regardless because the government doesn't know how to, I don't know, it's just frustrating when you see like other countries that
SPEAKER_R: Doing
SPEAKER_L: somehow got it together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's so um where do you tell Latina subject? But you said you walk dogs, do you like walk through a company or anything? Oh my gosh okay. I thought you're going to say that I used to walk dogs for a wag last year and the year before before I got the log and yeah, it's been it was sometimes really great, sometimes really terrible. But um yeah, nice to talk to a fellow former wagon. Um
SPEAKER_L: I mean I've been um So I quit my job, I feel like I'm talking so much, I'm sorry. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I quit my job and I think we have to talk for 25 minutes. Okay so I quit my job in October so it was a long time ago now and it was like my 9-5 thing and I was like I don't think I want to do that. I worked in advertising so I took some time to figure it out and I traveled a little bit and then now the, you know the virus happened and things have gotten really weird especially with like figuring out what I want to do for work. So I'm just like I've been living off savings but now I'm at a point where like okay I need to start making money so I'm just like doing wagon like odd jobs and things like that to hopefully like make enough to cover my bills.
SPEAKER_R: For sure. Yeah, there's just so many different gigs that people are doing now, especially in big cities that like there's some people I know in Chicago who like that's their entire income is wag. What imagine honestly like having because then you have to pay back like 20% of it all at once.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you want it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how people are making their whole income off of that, like I calculated If I make like $50 a day which like I could make more but then I would only make like 1500 a month and then really only 1000 because of taxes. Um And I'm like that's definitely not that doesn't even like cover rent here. Um So I don't know how I mean, it's just really hot. So one day I made like $75 but I was just so exhausted by the end of the day because it's just so hot right now. Yeah. What have you been up to? I've just
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: talking so much.
SPEAKER_R: what have I been doing? So I used to work in research, I actually quit my job as well. Um At this point it's been yeah two weeks so I quit my job two weeks ago. Um I was a research coordinator for a project focused on L. G. B. T. Q. Health. Um So that was really fun. But then kind of after a while a lot of my co workers that I really liked left and a bunch of other people were hired on, there were a lot less um competent and easy to work with and there was like mansplaining going on so I was like you know, I want to go back to school. So um I quit and I'm planning on going back for a master's in social work in the fall but in the interim that doesn't start for another month and a half. So my plan was to be traveling during this time but obviously it's different. So um my partner and I adopted a dog two months ago but we've been just like walking her a lot and um I've been doing a lot of like online studies in my spare time just trying to like save money before school starts and.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've been doing that to like surveys and stuff. Oh obviously that's what we're doing, I forgot. Um Yeah, I know it's like not enough, but it's something I'm actually gonna, I haven't applied or anything like that, but I'm going to go back to school for to be a counselor. So it's like basically the same degree.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're going to do counseling psych or are you going to do social work
SPEAKER_L: No, I want to be a therapist I think. But
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I think that's what I want to do. Social work just seems like
SPEAKER_R: Thank you?
SPEAKER_L: really hard and it doesn't
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: pay
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: very well. And so I'm like, I don't know if I could do that.
SPEAKER_R: totally yeah that's actually so I am in telling the same boat like I don't want to be a case manager or anything like that just because yeah it's super low paid people treat you terribly. Um There's no like there's no really like support for work life balance with that, so I'm hoping to be a therapist as well. Um And the licensing requirements in Illinois are like pretty high, so if I were to decide that I wanted to move to another state, I would have like all the education that I need um to be a therapist, like pretty much anywhere. So I think California is the same actually Illinois in California have like really high bars for education for therapists. So
SPEAKER_L: wait, sorry, can you
SPEAKER_R: what.
SPEAKER_L: repeat that about? Yeah, just the last thing.
SPEAKER_R: Um In every state you have to like take an exam to become a therapist and become licensed. Um So what you have to do is you have to get your masters either in like psychology or social work and then you have to get a bunch of supervised hours. Um And you have to take an exam and the like criteria for the exam are really high. Um Both in Illinois and I think California, so like you need to learn a lot of stuff. Um But then what that means is that once you get your license, you're in that state um if you choose to move to another state would have to re apply and get your licensure there, but you would have like all the knowledge that you need. Um
SPEAKER_L: so you think that's good?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's a good thing, like I'd rather b I'd rather learn more than I need the less than I need. Um Even though I do think I'm going to stay in Chicago for like the rest of, I mean at least a couple of decades. So. Yeah, but it's um it just feels like a very like straightforward path, so I feel really good about it. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel the same. I like, you know, for so long I was really stressed out like what am I gonna do? Like kind of working in the business world, you can just see yourself like if I kept going, I could end up making a lot of money and like living a comfortable
SPEAKER_R: It's not
SPEAKER_L: life. Yeah, but it I just like wasn't going to be fulfilled at the end of the day and like for years and I'm not even that old, I'd only been out of school for like five years, but for years I was, it was always in the back of my mind like damn, I'm if anything I'm hurting the world, you know? So um
SPEAKER_R: it's like yeah, sorry, didn't mean to cut you off.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's ok. Yeah, so I just like kind of felt like really morally like bankrupt at the end of it and my mental health was like really bad when I quit and I just was like, I don't even know what I'm going to do, like what am I even good at what's going to interest me to do for a long time, like what if I'm going to end up quitting that thing after five years? Um But I think the if one positive thing came out of quarantine and whatnot, it's figuring out what I wanted to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. You have like so much time to do that. And it's definitely I feel like this is probably the best time to go through like a quarter life crisis or question your career path because the world is changing so quickly and this is really, I mean really we don't have anything to lose because a bunch of people have already lost their jobs and a lot of things are shutting down, so it's really the best time to take the time to get to know what you want to do. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly, and it's kind of interesting because like one thing that's always been in the back of my mind with like careers was is is this an industry that's like not whatever I'm going to go into, is it an industry that isn't like under threat? You know? Um Like if something like if a recession happens, I don't want to be in a luxury industry where people aren't going to be able to like afford products and then whatever, something like that. And the good thing about therapy is that it's always going to be needed and
SPEAKER_R: tona.
SPEAKER_L: it can't be automated. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean people have tried but the demand is just not there, so um
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think health care right now, I mean our system is broken, but
SPEAKER_L: that's probably
SPEAKER_R: I think when it comes to a special mental health care, like there's always going to be a need for that because the world just keeps getting worse.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly, and right now I'm using um better help. I use that to find a therapist.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. That's one of the chat ones, right? I need to someone and you can like chat with them for however long every month or something
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean to be honest it's not I mean it's I just started using it because I was like kind of desperate to find a therapist and I I didn't want to go through the process of um Searching and calling people and finding the right fit. So I was like it was just easy. They're gonna match me with someone I'm just going to talk to them. Maybe it won't work but it'll just be quick but they only give you 30 minutes a week of like talking. But For some
SPEAKER_R: example.
SPEAKER_L: my therapist is really nice and she talks to me for like a full hour even though I'm technically only paying for 30 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a 15 minute session is like, you can't really get much done, especially with someone you're just getting to know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah in the beginning it was like definitely not enough. But
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: so it's been okay it's decent.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's interesting to hear because I feel like I've been seeing ads for that, like all over social media for the past five years and I've always been like, huh? I wonder what it would be like, um maybe that's something that I'll consider because I'm going to be uninsured for a month and august so before I got on my student insurance, so I'll have a while without therapy and yeah, so maybe I'll try it out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's it's not very expensive. They honestly they have a sliding scale type of pay, so I think the lowest you can pay is like $45 a week. Um Which is pretty cheap for therapy and then which I also kind of feel bad for the therapist. Um and then it goes up to like, I don't know like maybe like 80 bucks or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so that's great. It's still pretty similar to send copays for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah exactly, but it's definitely a good option.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, can I ask like, what other stuff have you been doing like as side gigs to make money? Because I feel like I had to like google search for a while until I found prolific, so I'm just curious. They're like things that you've been doing and
SPEAKER_L: I know, I found this on Reddit. Um So I've been doing black this not really making a lot of money on this, but seriously I'm at a point where it's like every penny counts. Um And then I'm applying for this thing that basically I apply for. Sorry, I edit college admissions essays. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and it pays pretty, I mean like once I finally get through, they have a really rigorous training program that like you kind of go through like rounds of application really and they can reject me at any time. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: And I just realized that I'm late on something I was supposed to submit. So I'm like kind of nervous and like you know how they asked us like right before we entered this conversation, like how are you feeling like happier? I was like because I'm a little on edge because I think I'm late for this thing. Um
SPEAKER_R: Why,
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, that it pays
SPEAKER_R: the new
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: york?
SPEAKER_L: It's like around like $30 an hour, they say, but really it's like $30 per essay and it depends how fast you can do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's pretty good. Um I feel like that's something that's super in demand right now is like online tutoring and like editing stuff. Um I've never, like gone into that field, but maybe that's something I'll do, like while I'm in school to make a bit of money
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean if you can try and apply if you want, I don't know if they're still open, They're still accepting people, but the services called prompt. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Down actually another tab. Um
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, it's kind of a lot of work to get it. But even so they pay you for every like phase of the application process you get through. So if you don't get through the phase they still pay you. Um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Not a lot but it's it's at least something to where you're like ok it wasn't a total waste of time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, if it's like very time intensive. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: What was I gonna say? So really just that um I also because I was like I don't really have anything to show for my for applying to school like for counseling or psychology or whatever I do it was like I don't have experience. So I signed up to be a crisis counselor through crisis text line.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I just got accepted for that, like last week.
SPEAKER_L: Did you? Oh my God you're so lucky because they just like closed applications because they are completely full
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I saw that actually. Um the reason that I got to do is because I have to do like two internships through my school, so my school has a partnership with crisis text line,
SPEAKER_L: becoming.
SPEAKER_R: right? But I saw that they're like somehow, um, all filled up with volunteers. That's
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: does. Yeah wow. Um Yeah I mean you have the training and then personally I don't think the training was like rigorous enough to be talking to people with these issues. But
SPEAKER_R: Went through the training already.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I just I've
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: had um to four weeks of shifts. Yeah I would recommend if you're I mean I don't know about your first shift because it's kind of scary. But um night shifts are better because that's when you get like a lot of textures. Otherwise like I did a day shift and it wasn't even really day, it was like five p.m. To seven p.m. Which Really that's like eight PM in New York you know?
SPEAKER_R: Why? And there just weren't that many people.
SPEAKER_L: No it was like I got two conversations in two hours so no I got one conversation in two hours but I did a four hour shift and I got like right two conversations total. So whereas if you do the night shift then you get it's just like conversation after conversation. Um And um what was I going to say? Sorry, I'm like kind of tired. Um Yeah it's just you get to actually practice but it's kind of scary because like you are really supportive like there's like a chat with all the other counters and you can ask them like what do I do or you have like a supervisor. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: the platform is really cool if they really thought about everything. Um But it's just kind of scary at first. Like you know you feel like you have someone's life in your hands.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're a lot of the text that you got like mental health related.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah most of them have been, most of the people I've talked to have considered suicide at least.
SPEAKER_R: Welcome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Some people it's been like more intense than others like sometimes they have a plan or and it's like hard to hear but you it's just helpful I think and it'll be like really good experience.
SPEAKER_R: totally. Yeah. It's awesome that you're going to do that now. Um, before you consider applying to grad school?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It sucks though because you have to do 200 hours before they'll write you write a letter of recommendation. So that's if you do four hours a week that's a year. Um And they don't want you to do any more than six hours a week so That's minimum like 33 weeks.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. What is a while? I'm going to be doing 16 hours a week. So we'll see how that goes requirement for my internship. So yeah, I'm also doing a lot of the asia. So we'll see. Uh, I may have to change my hours if I just don't end up getting anything. But
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: you're doing
SPEAKER_R: no person
SPEAKER_L: If you're doing 16 a week, I would definitely want some day shifts because it's like
SPEAKER_R: one totally. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: but it feels good. It feels fulfilling to finally like do something to help other people. Yeah. What have you been up to? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. What have I been doing? Um, well, I, it got a little bit different during quarantine, but I do indoor climbing so I've been doing a lot of that in the last couple of months and my gym actually just opened up two weeks ago. Um so I've been like cautiously going back with like two masks and like hiding
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: in the corner from everyone. Um but that's been really good just to like recenter and like forget about all of this stuff going on in life. And I've also been doing a lot of like home yoga, which has been really fun. Um
SPEAKER_L: was.
SPEAKER_R: just like hanging out with my dog. So I feel like I have a pretty solid like self care regimen in place. Like once I start being exposed to like more and more traumatic stuff with like crisis tax line, but also with like classes and whatnot. So one and yeah, I'd say like I'm also pretty anxious about money. Um And like going back to being a student and not having like a really good income. So um That.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's scary knowing like with this path there's going to be several years like you're going to school for two years and then you're not really going to make that much money and when you're the jobs you have before you get your certificate and then you know it's going to take you a while to still make money after that. So it's scary but I think it's gonna be worth it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so too. And I mean I'm not like a super materialistic person either. Like I don't need to have a lot of money but I feel like I need to have enough at least so that I can save money and not worry about dipping into my savings. Um Oh we'll see how it was. Um But yeah, I was gonna offer like if you wanna add me on linkedin or like have my email or something if you ever want to talk about like social work stuff. Um It is.
SPEAKER_L: my phone right here. This is so awesome that I like. I met someone that we have so much in common.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was not really through what was going to happen with this, especially having any problems or anything, but um it was nice to get to talk to you. um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So yeah, give me your info.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Um So I will give you, I don't really use the engine but I'll give you it anyway. Um So my first name is Arial, it's spelled A. R I E L. L. E. Um Let me actually see if I have A U. R. L. We will give you my email. So it's Arial, just my first name and then the letter R. And then my last name is Zimmerman um says yeah I M M E R. M A N. At gmail dot com. Um And then my full name is on linkedin. I have red hair in it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'll recognize you.
SPEAKER_R: I think it all says that I work at the place that I used to work at, so I need to change that. Um And yeah, I also wanted to mention that I have and I lost the chat window um I have this like really long google doc of side gigs. Um So if you want me to share that with you just like send me an email. Um So I've been trying to get all the things down that I can apply for and like different survey websites and whatnot. So
SPEAKER_L: Have you been making decent money on it?
SPEAKER_R: not really. Um Really the one that pays out like the most frequently is prolific, but then I also do user testing, so that's the um It's like a lot of screeners that I'm not eligible for, but it pays out like $10 for like 15 minutes, so it's not super bad.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I tried to do a user testing website but I have a really shitty computer right now because yeah, I am Macbook got stolen and I didn't have a job. So my computer was like $350 and so it's like not good enough to like download, install the like software and shit they need, I mean I'll try it again but it's a pretty big bummer because it does pay well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. I don't even, I don't think I used the software, I think I just use the chrome extension. Oh but my computer is also very old and it's breathing heavy right now. But
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, maybe there's a way around it. Um
SPEAKER_L: the struggle I'm going to have to buy. Oh okay. So this is just good to know. But apparently Mac books, the 2012 Macbook Pro um is like the best Macbook because it's the last the last one where you can install like a new Um you can install like new things into it. Whereas like the Newer Mac Books, they don't let you do that. So I'm going to buy one on like Facebook marketplace for like $300 and then you can just like for years and years continue to like buy the things to update it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's good to know. I think I have a 2013 or 2014 I'm not super sure. Um But the issue is just the battery life is just so bad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you could buy a new battery.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's true. I need to look into this. I'm like putting this off before school but I definitely need a working laptop. Um Well cool. Yeah I feel free to shoot me an email. Um add me on linkedin whatever. I can also email you my instagram if you want. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Cool. Okay, wow, so cool. Need a connection. Um I think it's been 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can say to um yeah sorry for being late again. My
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: dog is
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: ok. It's expected. It takes like a few minutes to like get situated.
SPEAKER_R: Sit down open the curtains. Yeah Well
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know how
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: to do we just like exit out of the page.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think so yeah because then there's like the Qualtrics site that you have to fill out Some gets them just close it. Um Yeah it was nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you, too.
SPEAKER_R: Best of luck in the next part of your tutoring thing. You
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: whatever like s I think
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'll shoot you an email after this. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.