Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Trust me. Hi. Okay. Okay mm. Help you.
That's okay. Um So do you know what we're supposed to talk about?
Well whenever I read it it was just like have a conversation. I mean we can try and reread it but I guess maybe we're just supposed to get to know each other and um
that's okay.
What do you say?
Andrea
meet you? Where are you?
Okay cool. I'm
in L. A. Yeah.
Yeah it's 11.
Just
starting
to
me what'd you say?
And
I mean I feel like it's probably the same as like everywhere. It's L. A. Is kind of interesting because it's like a highly populated city but the streets are like people don't really walk here so
there's never a lot of people walking around. Um So yeah, it's a little more quiet than usual, but I feel like it's like fairly the same in that regard. Um Except yesterday was it like two days ago? I have to go to the beach because I've been walking dogs to make money. Um
And there
was,
yeah, there was a dog that was near venice and I went on the boardwalk for like a minute because the house was near the boardwalk and it was really weird. It was almost like the virus wasn't happening, like
50%
of people weren't wearing masks. Um their people, it was just crowded, just like usual. So I don't know, I don't know, we don't really know, you know what's true and false about the virus, but um yeah, that was pretty weird to see.
Yeah, it's like does it really matter what I do then you know if there's like this many people doing that? Um So yeah, I mean I guess everyone in the country is pretty frustrated and there's like a lot of, I mean at the same time like I kind of understand how people are obviously ready to be back to normal, especially when like they're telling us this could last years. And so I guess people just kind of have like a defeatist attitude about it, which which
I feel I'm.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly, it's like it's going to be like this like regardless because the government doesn't know how to, I don't know, it's just frustrating when you see like other countries that
somehow got it together. Yeah.
I mean I've been um So I quit my job, I feel like I'm talking so much, I'm sorry. Um
I quit my job and I think we have to talk for 25 minutes. Okay so I quit my job in October so it was a long time ago now and it was like my 9-5 thing and I was like I don't think I want to do that. I worked in advertising so I took some time to figure it out and I traveled a little bit and then now the, you know the virus happened and things have gotten really weird especially with like figuring out what I want to do for work. So I'm just like I've been living off savings but now I'm at a point where like okay I need to start making money so I'm just like doing wagon like odd jobs and things like that to hopefully like make enough to cover my bills.
Yeah. I know I
that's
like
I don't know how people are making their whole income off of that, like I calculated If I make like $50 a day which like I could make more but then I would only make like 1500 a month and then really only 1000 because of taxes. Um And I'm like that's definitely not that doesn't even like cover rent here. Um So I don't know how I mean, it's just really hot. So one day I made like $75 but I was just so exhausted by the end of the day because it's just so hot right now. Yeah. What have you been up to? I've just
been
talking so much.
Oh yeah, I've been doing that to like surveys and stuff. Oh obviously that's what we're doing, I forgot. Um Yeah, I know it's like not enough, but it's something I'm actually gonna, I haven't applied or anything like that, but I'm going to go back to school for to be a counselor. So it's like basically the same degree.
No, I want to be a therapist I think. But
yeah, I mean, I think that's what I want to do. Social work just seems like
really hard and it doesn't
pay
very well. And so I'm like, I don't know if I could do that.
wait, sorry, can you
repeat that about? Yeah, just the last thing.
so you think that's good?
Yeah, I feel the same. I like, you know, for so long I was really stressed out like what am I gonna do? Like kind of working in the business world, you can just see yourself like if I kept going, I could end up making a lot of money and like living a comfortable
life. Yeah, but it I just like wasn't going to be fulfilled at the end of the day and like for years and I'm not even that old, I'd only been out of school for like five years, but for years I was, it was always in the back of my mind like damn, I'm if anything I'm hurting the world, you know? So um
no, it's ok. Yeah, so I just like kind of felt like really morally like bankrupt at the end of it and my mental health was like really bad when I quit and I just was like, I don't even know what I'm going to do, like what am I even good at what's going to interest me to do for a long time, like what if I'm going to end up quitting that thing after five years? Um But I think the if one positive thing came out of quarantine and whatnot, it's figuring out what I wanted to do.
Yeah. Exactly, and it's kind of interesting because like one thing that's always been in the back of my mind with like careers was is is this an industry that's like not whatever I'm going to go into, is it an industry that isn't like under threat? You know? Um Like if something like if a recession happens, I don't want to be in a luxury industry where people aren't going to be able to like afford products and then whatever, something like that. And the good thing about therapy is that it's always going to be needed and
it can't be automated. Yeah.
but
that's probably
Yeah. Exactly, and right now I'm using um better help. I use that to find a therapist.
Yeah. I mean to be honest it's not I mean it's I just started using it because I was like kind of desperate to find a therapist and I I didn't want to go through the process of um Searching and calling people and finding the right fit. So I was like it was just easy. They're gonna match me with someone I'm just going to talk to them. Maybe it won't work but it'll just be quick but they only give you 30 minutes a week of like talking. But For some
my therapist is really nice and she talks to me for like a full hour even though I'm technically only paying for 30 minutes. Yeah.
Yeah in the beginning it was like definitely not enough. But
so it's been okay it's decent.
Yeah and it's it's not very expensive. They honestly they have a sliding scale type of pay, so I think the lowest you can pay is like $45 a week. Um Which is pretty cheap for therapy and then which I also kind of feel bad for the therapist. Um and then it goes up to like, I don't know like maybe like 80 bucks or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah exactly, but it's definitely a good option.
I know, I found this on Reddit. Um So I've been doing black this not really making a lot of money on this, but seriously I'm at a point where it's like every penny counts. Um And then I'm applying for this thing that basically I apply for. Sorry, I edit college admissions essays. Yeah
and it pays pretty, I mean like once I finally get through, they have a really rigorous training program that like you kind of go through like rounds of application really and they can reject me at any time. Um
And I just realized that I'm late on something I was supposed to submit. So I'm like kind of nervous and like you know how they asked us like right before we entered this conversation, like how are you feeling like happier? I was like because I'm a little on edge because I think I'm late for this thing. Um
But yeah, that it pays
like
It's like around like $30 an hour, they say, but really it's like $30 per essay and it depends how fast you can do it.
Yeah. I mean if you can try and apply if you want, I don't know if they're still open, They're still accepting people, but the services called prompt. Yeah.
And yeah, it's kind of a lot of work to get it. But even so they pay you for every like phase of the application process you get through. So if you don't get through the phase they still pay you. Um
Not a lot but it's it's at least something to where you're like ok it wasn't a total waste of time.
What was I gonna say? So really just that um I also because I was like I don't really have anything to show for my for applying to school like for counseling or psychology or whatever I do it was like I don't have experience. So I signed up to be a crisis counselor through crisis text line.
Did you? Oh my God you're so lucky because they just like closed applications because they are completely full
becoming.
he
does. Yeah wow. Um Yeah I mean you have the training and then personally I don't think the training was like rigorous enough to be talking to people with these issues. But
yeah I just I've
had um to four weeks of shifts. Yeah I would recommend if you're I mean I don't know about your first shift because it's kind of scary. But um night shifts are better because that's when you get like a lot of textures. Otherwise like I did a day shift and it wasn't even really day, it was like five p.m. To seven p.m. Which Really that's like eight PM in New York you know?
No it was like I got two conversations in two hours so no I got one conversation in two hours but I did a four hour shift and I got like right two conversations total. So whereas if you do the night shift then you get it's just like conversation after conversation. Um And um what was I going to say? Sorry, I'm like kind of tired. Um Yeah it's just you get to actually practice but it's kind of scary because like you are really supportive like there's like a chat with all the other counters and you can ask them like what do I do or you have like a supervisor. Yeah
the platform is really cool if they really thought about everything. Um But it's just kind of scary at first. Like you know you feel like you have someone's life in your hands.
Yeah. Yeah most of them have been, most of the people I've talked to have considered suicide at least.
Yeah. Some people it's been like more intense than others like sometimes they have a plan or and it's like hard to hear but you it's just helpful I think and it'll be like really good experience.
Yeah. It sucks though because you have to do 200 hours before they'll write you write a letter of recommendation. So that's if you do four hours a week that's a year. Um And they don't want you to do any more than six hours a week so That's minimum like 33 weeks.
Well I mean
if
you're doing
If you're doing 16 a week, I would definitely want some day shifts because it's like
but it feels good. It feels fulfilling to finally like do something to help other people. Yeah. What have you been up to? Right.
Well
was.
It's it's scary knowing like with this path there's going to be several years like you're going to school for two years and then you're not really going to make that much money and when you're the jobs you have before you get your certificate and then you know it's going to take you a while to still make money after that. So it's scary but I think it's gonna be worth it.
my phone right here. This is so awesome that I like. I met someone that we have so much in common.
Okay. So yeah, give me your info.
I'll recognize you.
Have you been making decent money on it?
Okay. I tried to do a user testing website but I have a really shitty computer right now because yeah, I am Macbook got stolen and I didn't have a job. So my computer was like $350 and so it's like not good enough to like download, install the like software and shit they need, I mean I'll try it again but it's a pretty big bummer because it does pay well.
Oh my gosh. Yeah,
the struggle I'm going to have to buy. Oh okay. So this is just good to know. But apparently Mac books, the 2012 Macbook Pro um is like the best Macbook because it's the last the last one where you can install like a new Um you can install like new things into it. Whereas like the Newer Mac Books, they don't let you do that. So I'm going to buy one on like Facebook marketplace for like $300 and then you can just like for years and years continue to like buy the things to update it. Yeah.
Oh you could buy a new battery.
Yeah. Cool. Okay, wow, so cool. Need a connection. Um I think it's been 25 minutes.
No,
it's
ok. It's expected. It takes like a few minutes to like get situated.
You
know how
to do we just like exit out of the page.
Nice to meet you, too.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll shoot you an email after this. Okay.
Bye.