Hello? Hi. Oh my gosh my sorry my slider was off um
I'm not entirely sure I can reread my messages.
I know but very big. Um Okay what about work? So I'm a little bit late. Um
I was walking my dog. Let me close my door really quickly. Yeah. Mhm Morning I'm artistic.
I'm a real by the way.
Hi, nice to meet you.
I'm in Chicago.
Yeah. What about?
So it late morning there,
that's cool. What's
it like
living in
Italy
What's it like
living in L. A. Right now with like all that? Yeah.
Um driving city
and then
you
know
Well yeah
we're people.
it's very bizarre. Yeah it's hard like when you're trying to do your best then you see other people just kind of going about the exact same.
it
doesn't matter anyway. Yeah.
Doing
it's so um where do you tell Latina subject? But you said you walk dogs, do you like walk through a company or anything? Oh my gosh okay. I thought you're going to say that I used to walk dogs for a wag last year and the year before before I got the log and yeah, it's been it was sometimes really great, sometimes really terrible. But um yeah, nice to talk to a fellow former wagon. Um
Well,
For sure. Yeah, there's just so many different gigs that people are doing now, especially in big cities that like there's some people I know in Chicago who like that's their entire income is wag. What imagine honestly like having because then you have to pay back like 20% of it all at once.
Well
if
you want it. Yeah.
Why
would
what have I been doing? So I used to work in research, I actually quit my job as well. Um At this point it's been yeah two weeks so I quit my job two weeks ago. Um I was a research coordinator for a project focused on L. G. B. T. Q. Health. Um So that was really fun. But then kind of after a while a lot of my co workers that I really liked left and a bunch of other people were hired on, there were a lot less um competent and easy to work with and there was like mansplaining going on so I was like you know, I want to go back to school. So um I quit and I'm planning on going back for a master's in social work in the fall but in the interim that doesn't start for another month and a half. So my plan was to be traveling during this time but obviously it's different. So um my partner and I adopted a dog two months ago but we've been just like walking her a lot and um I've been doing a lot of like online studies in my spare time just trying to like save money before school starts and.
Yeah, we're going to do counseling psych or are you going to do social work
or?
Thank you?
And
then
totally yeah that's actually so I am in telling the same boat like I don't want to be a case manager or anything like that just because yeah it's super low paid people treat you terribly. Um There's no like there's no really like support for work life balance with that, so I'm hoping to be a therapist as well. Um And the licensing requirements in Illinois are like pretty high, so if I were to decide that I wanted to move to another state, I would have like all the education that I need um to be a therapist, like pretty much anywhere. So I think California is the same actually Illinois in California have like really high bars for education for therapists. So
what.
Um In every state you have to like take an exam to become a therapist and become licensed. Um So what you have to do is you have to get your masters either in like psychology or social work and then you have to get a bunch of supervised hours. Um And you have to take an exam and the like criteria for the exam are really high. Um Both in Illinois and I think California, so like you need to learn a lot of stuff. Um But then what that means is that once you get your license, you're in that state um if you choose to move to another state would have to re apply and get your licensure there, but you would have like all the knowledge that you need. Um
Yeah, I think it's a good thing, like I'd rather b I'd rather learn more than I need the less than I need. Um Even though I do think I'm going to stay in Chicago for like the rest of, I mean at least a couple of decades. So. Yeah, but it's um it just feels like a very like straightforward path, so I feel really good about it. Um
It's not
it's like yeah, sorry, didn't mean to cut you off.
Yeah, definitely. You have like so much time to do that. And it's definitely I feel like this is probably the best time to go through like a quarter life crisis or question your career path because the world is changing so quickly and this is really, I mean really we don't have anything to lose because a bunch of people have already lost their jobs and a lot of things are shutting down, so it's really the best time to take the time to get to know what you want to do. Um
tona.
Yeah, I mean people have tried but the demand is just not there, so um
yeah, I think health care right now, I mean our system is broken, but
I think when it comes to a special mental health care, like there's always going to be a need for that because the world just keeps getting worse.
Oh cool. That's one of the chat ones, right? I need to someone and you can like chat with them for however long every month or something
example.
it's a 15 minute session is like, you can't really get much done, especially with someone you're just getting to know.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's interesting to hear because I feel like I've been seeing ads for that, like all over social media for the past five years and I've always been like, huh? I wonder what it would be like, um maybe that's something that I'll consider because I'm going to be uninsured for a month and august so before I got on my student insurance, so I'll have a while without therapy and yeah, so maybe I'll try it out.
so that's great. It's still pretty similar to send copays for sure.
Yeah, can I ask like, what other stuff have you been doing like as side gigs to make money? Because I feel like I had to like google search for a while until I found prolific, so I'm just curious. They're like things that you've been doing and
Yeah.
Well.
Why,
the new
york?
Yeah, that's pretty good. Um I feel like that's something that's super in demand right now is like online tutoring and like editing stuff. Um I've never, like gone into that field, but maybe that's something I'll do, like while I'm in school to make a bit of money
Down actually another tab. Um
What?
Yeah, if it's like very time intensive. Yes.
Oh, I just got accepted for that, like last week.
Yeah. Yeah, I saw that actually. Um the reason that I got to do is because I have to do like two internships through my school, so my school has a partnership with crisis text line,
right? But I saw that they're like somehow, um, all filled up with volunteers. That's
crazy.
Went through the training already.
Why?
Why? And there just weren't that many people.
Okay.
Yeah. We're a lot of the text that you got like mental health related.
Welcome.
totally. Yeah. It's awesome that you're going to do that now. Um, before you consider applying to grad school?
Okay. Yeah. What is a while? I'm going to be doing 16 hours a week. So we'll see how that goes requirement for my internship. So yeah, I'm also doing a lot of the asia. So we'll see. Uh, I may have to change my hours if I just don't end up getting anything. But
it's
not
no person
one totally. Mm hmm.
Mm. What have I been doing? Um, well, I, it got a little bit different during quarantine, but I do indoor climbing so I've been doing a lot of that in the last couple of months and my gym actually just opened up two weeks ago. Um so I've been like cautiously going back with like two masks and like hiding
in the corner from everyone. Um but that's been really good just to like recenter and like forget about all of this stuff going on in life. And I've also been doing a lot of like home yoga, which has been really fun. Um
just like hanging out with my dog. So I feel like I have a pretty solid like self care regimen in place. Like once I start being exposed to like more and more traumatic stuff with like crisis tax line, but also with like classes and whatnot. So one and yeah, I'd say like I'm also pretty anxious about money. Um And like going back to being a student and not having like a really good income. So um That.
Yeah, I think so too. And I mean I'm not like a super materialistic person either. Like I don't need to have a lot of money but I feel like I need to have enough at least so that I can save money and not worry about dipping into my savings. Um Oh we'll see how it was. Um But yeah, I was gonna offer like if you wanna add me on linkedin or like have my email or something if you ever want to talk about like social work stuff. Um It is.
Yeah. I was not really through what was going to happen with this, especially having any problems or anything, but um it was nice to get to talk to you. um
Cool. Um So I will give you, I don't really use the engine but I'll give you it anyway. Um So my first name is Arial, it's spelled A. R I E L. L. E. Um Let me actually see if I have A U. R. L. We will give you my email. So it's Arial, just my first name and then the letter R. And then my last name is Zimmerman um says yeah I M M E R. M A N. At gmail dot com. Um And then my full name is on linkedin. I have red hair in it. Uh huh.
I think it all says that I work at the place that I used to work at, so I need to change that. Um And yeah, I also wanted to mention that I have and I lost the chat window um I have this like really long google doc of side gigs. Um So if you want me to share that with you just like send me an email. Um So I've been trying to get all the things down that I can apply for and like different survey websites and whatnot. So
not really. Um Really the one that pays out like the most frequently is prolific, but then I also do user testing, so that's the um It's like a lot of screeners that I'm not eligible for, but it pays out like $10 for like 15 minutes, so it's not super bad.
Yeah, definitely. I don't even, I don't think I used the software, I think I just use the chrome extension. Oh but my computer is also very old and it's breathing heavy right now. But
yeah, maybe there's a way around it. Um
That's good to know. I think I have a 2013 or 2014 I'm not super sure. Um But the issue is just the battery life is just so bad.
Yeah that's true. I need to look into this. I'm like putting this off before school but I definitely need a working laptop. Um Well cool. Yeah I feel free to shoot me an email. Um add me on linkedin whatever. I can also email you my instagram if you want. Um
Yeah I can say to um yeah sorry for being late again. My
dog is
like
Sit down open the curtains. Yeah Well
I
don't,
yeah I think so yeah because then there's like the Qualtrics site that you have to fill out Some gets them just close it. Um Yeah it was nice to meet you.
Best of luck in the next part of your tutoring thing. You
whatever like s I think
good.