Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh right. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh mm. Yeah. But Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who? Yes. Yeah. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Oh, but yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. What? Oh Oh yeah, mm. But yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. But but yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. No. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh six. Okay. Oh, Group what? Mhm mm. Okay. But yeah. Thanks and yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And right. Okay. Yeah. Hi.
How are you?
I know did you have trouble getting in?
No, that's okay.
You
know,
I was
a tiny bit late
um originally new york. So um but now I live in north Carolina. Good amount of time. But sometimes I still feel like I'm getting used to the culture down here because being from up north and then coming down to the south is um Yeah, it takes some adjusting. What about you?
No, it's ok. Long Island is where I used to live. And did you notice any any difference in the driving or anything?
wow. Living with the lockdown and everything, there must
be
their cars.
we they're going to start opening up here and I live in the Valley Durham area, so um they said they're going to start relaxing things I think the eighth. So the end of this week, we'll see what that looks like.
They have me working from home. I work as um I work in the public school system, so that's been interesting trying to work from home with no kids. Mhm.
Mhm
Yeah, it's been strange. I'm used to being around the kids all day, but it's it's fine, you know, I'm still getting paid, so uh I'm not going to complain to, MMA
right, right. Some people are losing their jobs and you know?
Okay. I know, I haven't been out much and
eight.
Oh yeah, my um my parents obviously, I mean I'm 50 so my parents are elderly, they live close by, but they just go out, they don't even think anything of it and I'm
like uh you're supposed to be home,
uh they're worried, but when it when it affects them and they have to do certain rules. No, my mother told me about a cute vest that she bought the other day, a cute vest and I'm like, I don't think you're supposed to be out looking for vests and closed, but she was just like calm about it and it's weird too. Parents? Your parents? Oh. Mhm.
Yeah, nothing's going to happen. I don't know. My father does not wear a mask at all and we'll see. Right.
I know. Yeah. She said you do freelance work. What type of work?
Yeah. Yeah. No, I could I could picture people are sympathetic to a point and then they'll be like, oh again, you know where we're going through
this again?
Yeah. Yeah. No, I get it. Yeah. My um my husband does desktop support and they've let him work from home, but today he's in the office because certain things with hardware, they're still hiring where he works and you know, so he's got to go in actually physically and get the new computers set up for the people. Yeah. So is it similar desktop support with what you do or? No.
So um I know just personally from what my husband's gone through desktop support, it's like this client that client back and he's got so many W. Two is coming in around tax time and we've had to fill out papers for you know like let's say mortgage or refinancing and they the more the banks they don't get it you know they say how many jobs did you have? Like this is how it is with I. T. Sometimes you jump
like you're jumping but you're not it's just different clients.
Mom.
Yeah. Yeah. No it's just weird to be questioned when this is just this is just our way of life and sometimes the project is six weeks and sometimes it's knock wood now he's got something for a year supposedly. So I prayed last that long and yes.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Plus he just signed with a temp agency so the temp agency partners with the the place physically where he's working but then it's really through IBM and it's so confusing. But when he signed on with the temp agency and he's looking over the documents, they quoted him one rate per hour and he looked at the paperwork and it was down to the, to like a lower rate. So it's like you have to be so careful and they were trying to pull one over on him.
Yeah. No, I mean he had to look out for himself and then he's, you know, like, hey, you said this much an hour and they're like, oh, okay. Yeah,
Yeah. And definitely no overtime. So you know, we can't, can't really get ahead. So yeah. But, and they don't have me working in the summers obviously. So, mm hmm.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, in north Carolina, it's different than, let's say new york or anywhere else. Um, Yeah, so we'll stop probably june 9th
or so.
Yeah. So I guess years ago, yeah, when I went to school it was september, we would start of june middle june. We would stop. Yeah. Mm
Yeah. Um wow, prolific has been pretty good. I mean I've got like, I don't know, almost $75 built up. Um, but now that I'm home even better, I could just keep prolific open and
grab
whatever.
You know, it's a, but it's worth it. I tried getting my son into it too. He's 21. Um, and I'm like checking. Yeah.
Well
I tried
to in Turkey, I can't quite get, I do mturk but um, it's hit or miss, so.
yeah, I know it's really slow going, but I've been on it since 2011 or so, so Yeah,
but
I
don't
do as well as others. Yeah, but
which one?
I've had a hard time with that because of the offers. You know, it's like I don't want
to try, you know, all a lawn care service and then I forget to turn it. Just stop it. Yeah,
mm. I'm just afraid that if I go to cancel to give me a hard time, I don't know.
One more thing two argument.
Well I've also gone to the in Raleigh, which is maybe 10 miles from here. They've had focus groups so important.
Yeah, those are not too bad. We had one on drones. I was the only I was the only liberal in there because they set it up, you know, hardcore republican, hardcore liberally. And
yeah, it was the weirdest thing because I'm like the only person like not wanting people to get randomly killed by drones, they're looking at me like, well, it's the price of war. It was crazy, but I need
the money,
It was a little cold, but you know, I got the money. Another one was a roach spray. It was fun.
I thought they would like, you know, you said you're 25. I thought they would snatch you up.
Yeah. Yeah. Are you in like a suburban area or sitting?
Did you go to the city a lot or Detroit a lot or not
Hold the oh, the wrestling because my my son and my husband watched that.
Yeah. Isn't that the funniest thing they showed me? Uh no crowd and they're still doing their events? Is the weirdest thing.
What about the uh do you check out a w or now
we're also speaking of Jeff hardy? His brother matt person wasn't christian, He's asleep. Um No, no no my sudden he worked at Mcdonald's for a while and he matt hardy came through his line through the drive through. Mhm.
Yeah
and he recognized that he took a picture and yeah that's
pretty sexy
now
I just came through and he's like oh he got a cheeseburger and I'm looking and I'm looking for half a and I know my son has pictures with biggie and uh
that guy, the announcer um because he just he just puts himself out there, my son, he doesn't care, you know, he's like hey what's up?
I
wouldn't be I wouldn't want to bother them. Yes.
You
know he was at one of those Mac, he was at one of their events um in Raleigh and they were trying to get back to the car and got lost and biggie was coming out in the back and you just got the pictures.
Yeah but the drive through that was random. I don't know
yeah. Also the arena is not too far from where you are.
I do.
same here.
mhm mhm. You know I just went to one it was exciting but I don't really follow any of that but I got dragged along my husband and son and I ended up clapping for the wrong, through the wrong people. I don't know. Yeah
I think
he was back
then.
Yeah it was crazy. It was bray Wyatt came out and I'm clapping but you know he was back when he was with the you know the light the fireflies. I'm the only one clapping. It was weird. Yeah.
Mhm mm It was longer than that when I went and but now what is he the fiend or the sound like some,
yeah. Yeah. Could you imagine being there?
Well once my son and husband went to the monday night and um so I was watching it at home and I'm trying to see them ridiculous. I know um But no because you know we can never afford like the $300 seats so
I never did get to see them on on the screen. Mhm
Uh huh. Yeah you have to jump on those tickets though or else you'll wind up me if you get by the floor. I saw it I saw it with my own eyes. $300. So no thanks.
bob.
yeah no no I like my money too much. Yeah.
Yeah. Well it's almost the 24 it's almost 25 minutes. Let me see. Uh we're
starting at 12 08 So. Uh
Look
well no, I don't want to write off too early. Okay. Exactly what they say
this,
there was one out there um the requesters name was Gabriella something and I think she was requesting a webcam and I just kept do not, you know, like declining it because I mean I have it. I have the webcam and everything, but I just didn't feel like uh huh.
Yeah,
I've never seen that.
No.
Mm No, I don't know about that one. Um
comfort
you.
Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing to you
got
to grab it and it's it's gone. Mhm
Have you ever turned down any of them because they are too small or you just grab whatever?
And Turkey
hit on that.
I see myself staying with them.
Well, maybe that we've done this one. Maybe they'll, you know, will be considered more. I don't know. Maybe this is like a status thing. I don't know. Yeah.
I thought, I thought you weren't going to show, I'm like, oh well a dollar 50 I guess. Mhm.
no, you did look out. Yeah. Yeah, I mean things happen.
Holy
hands.
Yeah, I did one with a banking app or something and they're like, oh, can you get your family members to get in on it? And I'm like um short and then I just didn't, I didn't
know I didn't follow up so I feel bad. I mean they emailed me a couple of times and I'm like, I just left.
Yeah, the bank thing was getting a little weird, so
correct.
Okay, go on. I would say go ahead. You're not going to see much.
Mhm.
Yeah. No, at least it sounds like, yeah you put up those boundaries that's fine.
Yeah user interviews they've got good stuff but I just don't qualify. Um They got me for a plasma uh questionnaire once. Um And that was uh he was over the phone. I don't think it was no it wasn't webcam, it was over the phone you know like would you be open to the you know donating and what would bring you in and I haven't done it but I give blood but that's about it.
Yeah I think everybody is discovering online and take it home and
we've been
doing it for how long? Mm.
Yeah. No my my son yeah he's filing now for unemployment because they let them go at Mcdonald's what's he gonna do?
Yeah. Yeah they're talking about 100 and 36 a week and whatever but
they
ask
you.
I
know
well
well they now they're questioning him and everything and you know they gotta go he's got to go through all those questions. But um no I put them on my door dash because I started doordash but they say they're not hiring door dash anymore so he and I have the same initials and same you know like my name is Christine, his name is christian so we put them on as chris and it's a good reminder for josh I don't care you know there's just a few bucks.
Yeah I mean they just flat out turned the noon. I mean uh
no
they
kept saying
complete your door dash application, finish up your email after email after email. So when he clicked it and they go oh we're not hiring anymore really? Yeah
so it's fine he could go undermine you know I'm not out there. I'm I have a job thankfully. And um you know I just do the side stuff here at home and let him you know.
No.
Oh I know. You know I had Bluebird no things and then I got hacked. It was bad.
And their customer service is I don't even want to that's not enough time.
Yeah. No exactly. For some reason they lock you for fun. I come to that conclusion
and
you want to use it. I was at the supermarket and I had a big thing of groceries. I mean thankfully I was able to pay it and then I was zeroed out somebody and I think Ohio I don't ever know and the police are like oh it's nothing we can do. Yeah.
No.
Yeah cybercrimes. It's uh their their hands are tired they couldn't do anything.
Yeah. Well it was easily transferable to your bank. That's the only good thing about that. But
I
don't
even
think I have anything.
All right. I think it's been 25.
Yeah you do
yeah. Thanks for talking to me,
you already own.