SPEAKER_L: 30? Yeah. Yeah. Right yeah yeah thank you. Uh huh. Oh yeah wow. All right hey can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_R: yes I can. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I can.
SPEAKER_R: Awesome? Excellent. Let's see. I just got to the reading it now.
SPEAKER_L: you're just reading it now Okay that's fine. I think you still have two minutes. I don't know if you have to start at exactly 5 15.
SPEAKER_R: Uh really good now. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah, I think we're just supposed to wait I guess. Uh The timer goes down. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the timer I think there's a timer at the bottom. It's already started since I opened the instructions page.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And well, how are you today?
SPEAKER_L: Good, hi good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. My name is Jonathan by the way. It's a pleasure
SPEAKER_L: My name is Mabel yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Babel.
SPEAKER_L: good to meet you. Yes
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: old
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: fashioned name,
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from the Philippines but I'm in California right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. Cool. Uh I'm from originally, I'm from Havana cuba, but I moved to uh the United States when I was four years old, so I was raised in Miami and then now I'm living in Sarasota florida.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's pretty cool. Yeah I have a I have one friend exactly one friend in florida,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: family.
SPEAKER_L: lives in Fort Lauderdale.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's
SPEAKER_L: Um That's the only place I've been in in florida. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's nice. It's nice. It's a lot um has a lot of beaches and a nice beach towns and and the weather that was always really great here. So
SPEAKER_L: it is actually when I stepped off the plane I thought I was back in the Philippines because it was humid and I was like hanging on my back in Manila because I wasn't sure what was going on.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. So I believe, I think we're just supposed to have a conversation for 25 minutes. Um It doesn't really say like what to talk about. Um And then at the end like once we once we click the the page after it just says whether or not we had any issues with our with our video footage. So I guess we're just supposed to be talking for about 25 minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I think it says yes. The survey would be in the instruction and stab like I think I don't know if it's in the yeah, the blue button afterwards.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But that's after after we talk, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. After this conversation. But then we have to keep it going for 25 minutes and I guess we can talk about anything.
SPEAKER_R: I guess it doesn't really say you know what to talk about. Okay. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: um basically actually um you know since you're out in California, I'm actually going to be going to Washington and about uh about three weeks from now to relocate to relocate over to Washington.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's interesting. Why are you relocating?
SPEAKER_R: So um I mean I've always wanted to you know, check out the west coast just kind of see how everything was. Just because I feel like I've already I've already been in florida for too long and I'm kind of already kind of taught not tired but I'm just like I'm looking for something different something a little bit more. Uh I don't know I guess it's different from like how I experience life. Uh Right now I have my cousin who is actually working over in in Tacoma Washington, she's working for like a school, she teaches Children and she offered me
SPEAKER_L: That's pretty
SPEAKER_R: to stay with her. Yeah so I'm gonna go ahead and just pack my bags and go in june.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's so much fun. The temperature is it's different from florida and Washington. I know Washington a lot cooler. Um Havana is also hot. So are you going to be used to it? How you handle the call?
SPEAKER_R: So I've only I've been in uh I've been up north before, I've been to like Quebec and Canada and like new york and in Washington D. C. I've been there during like december, so I know like what the code feels like. Um the thing is I'm you know I'm not really prepared for a long period of it being cold so I'll have to get used to that. Um
SPEAKER_L: I want
SPEAKER_R: But I think I'll be I'll be fine, I think I'll be fine. I I uh I'm not I'm not a complainer, I don't really get upset with with things, I just like you know my best and just like kinda work with it. So I think that I don't think it will be an issue is just it's just gonna be a lot of patients and I'll get used to it.
SPEAKER_L: That is so cool though. Do you have any like work lined up already for you when you go there?
SPEAKER_R: So my plan is uh currently right now I'm studying like coding, I'm studying like learning
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: different coding languages for like other web development or mobile app development. So I plan to just kind of take those skills over um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess
SPEAKER_R: and find like
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: something you can do right? That's something you can do like I guess online, so you can take it anywhere, right? It doesn't have to be like a totally classroom setting or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: right. Mhm, yep. So I I plan to have some sort of like resume and maybe get some certifications once I get there uh in order for me to go ahead and make sure I can apply to these companies and hopefully land a good job there. Um But right now I'm already graduated, I graduated about three years ago from the University of florida. Um and that was nice. Um
SPEAKER_L: What is it also um computer related what
SPEAKER_R: So no
SPEAKER_L: you took
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: in college?
SPEAKER_R: so in college I I kind of went through different majors, my ended up graduating and ended up graduating as a spanish major. Um And like at this point like you know, it's something that I've always liked languages, so I think that uh huh my passion for learning languages and my like my ability to learn languages will translate into like learning coding and doing these things, so that way I can basically like expand on that. Um Yeah, so it was kind of like a career change later on after I graduated because I was kind of like not knowing what I wanted to do with my life in terms of like work or employment. Um As soon as I started to get out of my interest together, all the things I was interested in um that kind of became my realization after college and so now I'm looking to go ahead and kind of settle in that and become a little bit more familiar with that industry. Um and you know, really plant my feeling while I still have time, I'm only 27.
SPEAKER_L: That is so cool. I figured this. I was just thinking, so he graduated three years ago. He's probably around that age. I'm glad I was close. You have a lot of time, you have a lot of time to figure it out because I don't think that people actually know what they're doing even if you know they're in their thirties late twenties. So yeah, that's a lot of fun. I mean I can relate a bit I guess because I've only been here in the U. S. For two years, maybe 2.5 because I moved here 2017 Decembers. I have um back from back in the Philippines, I have like a whole career going on. But my dad um my dad petitioned me and my siblings actually uh he'd be about 10 12 years ago and seriously we didn't think that it would push through. You know especially the climate in the U. S. You're thinking oh it's just gonna be you know it's
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: going to be rejected so let's just go on with our lives and then suddenly you know the lawyer called and said oh you have an interview with the U. S. Embassy that was like March
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: 2017. And then december we were on our way over on a plane to California so we were like what the hell are we doing? Because we had to quit our jobs because we figured you
SPEAKER_R: so fast.
SPEAKER_L: know we might as well try. I mean my dad worked hard to get upstairs so the least we can do is you know um see see what the U. S. Has to offer and when I got here I felt like I didn't want to go back to corporate because I was working in corporate before like I was in business process and analytics. So I was thinking I was burned out like when I got up, so I was thinking let me just try and see if I can explore the US first, you know, So I went to new york, I went to florida, I met met up with some of my friends there um because in in my work in the Philippines, I have colleagues from the U. S. Like I worked for I worked for Dell. They have they have um an office in the Philippines I worked there so I have colleagues from the U. S. Coming there to work with us you know and then they come back. So they invited me over the florida that I had worked in down before. So anyway um so now I'm trying to figure out like I was really relating to you because I was I am in the same spot so I'm I think maybe I'm back to close to zero like after I graduated trying to figure out what I can do. And um my old boss who's in America, she she works in Denver. The analytics
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: department actually is headquartered in Denver. So she's been reaching out to me and asking if you know I want to come back, I can reach out to her. But you know Denver is close to Washington? And I was thinking man, it's cold in Denver?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've actually been there, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh you have,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I went
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I went there last year, well actually I went there two years ago for a trip for my birthday um for about like a weekend we're gonna have or so, um but it's really nice, it's it's a really really really beautiful place um Obviously
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: it's cold but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but all I can think of is like always known but you know a lot of trees, a lot of nature which I'm really into. Um but I was thinking like in California we got here december right? And it's just super and I know like they say that California like California winter has nothing you know to compare it to like new york or maybe even in Denver or Washington. But I was like this is speaking cold and I hate I hate that I had to wear so many clothes you know? And I'm like oh my God, taking it all off if you have to go to the bathroom, you're like oh my God you have to give like time
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's a pain,
SPEAKER_L: to take everything off before you can use it. And I'm like I don't know. So um I just stayed in touch with her because you know, I was thinking at the back of my head that's a good option to have, but at least let me see what else is here because you know corporate is a different animal than other kinds of jobs. Like I was realizing the stress you have in there kind of in retrospect feels you know, insignificant, like why why did you stress about a presentation? You know that
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: of thing?
SPEAKER_R: like its own little world.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it is. So now I've been doing like some independent contracting work um after I'd shopping for amazon, so that was fun and you know it pays well and it's a very simple job like you literally sharp
SPEAKER_R: They said oh
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: you get
SPEAKER_R: um I think my body
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is actually doing that you buy products and you review them
SPEAKER_L: no no it's actually just I'm in whole foods so you get an order and then you do the grocery list for the customer, so you get a grocery list and then like five cans of tomato sauce and pass stuff and then you put it in the bag, you put it in the fridge and you're done. That's it, and they pay like $15 an hour. So that's a very cool part time job.
SPEAKER_R: who,
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, and then I have um a full time job with a company I worked for here, but it's very, you know, different from my course, my background in analytics. So I'm kind of thinking maybe I should try getting back in because I do miss working with Excel and Numbers of the data. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool, that's cool. I've always been a very metal reeds person probably why I decided to go and stick with Cody, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually not.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: My course in college was anthropology and I was um I was aiming to become a forensic anthropologist, you know, when I was back in college. But um, I guess as I wanted to support myself after college in the Philippines, your parents, you know, usually will help support you up until whenever, you know, until they say okay, stop.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I was thinking I feel guilty. I wanted to support my parents as well. So I got a part time job in the, in the corporate world and I kind of like I lost my path because I was already taking like 11 year of master's degree and you know, and my steps going through forensic anthropology. But but yeah, I hated my, but then I was quite surprised that I was very good at at it. I guess business processes, state analytics. I was like, what have I gotten myself into? But
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, I can't say
SPEAKER_R: An interesting path. It's cool.
SPEAKER_L: it is, I'm so afraid of when you, so that's why I said to you like I think it's, you're always going to be looking for paths. Sometimes I get bored easily, but you know, you just have to continue just looking for it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah definitely definitely. I also think it's a step by step process. I mean for like I feel like it's a good thing though to like never stop defining yourself or stop china like at least look for something that you're interested in. Um You know that keeps that's what keeps people going sometimes, like you know further on in life. Um I think it's always a good thing to kind of, you know, be comfortable, not comfortable but be challenge yourself in terms of saying, okay, well, you know, now I'm a little bored and now I think that I can find this or find that and uh you know, it's always get to step out and and chase these things and and and go for them, even if we have a little bit of I guess have a motivation to do so because you know, something in you is telling you, you know, maybe you should go for this, maybe you shouldn't, you know, and it's it's how much attention we, we paid, you know, how much we pay attention to these things and how much we tune into these things that at that point it turns out to you know manifest itself in like reality and things that you do and what you can accomplish.
SPEAKER_L: And I have to be careful because I don't really have a good concept of the future. You know what I mean? Like for me six months is a long time. It's hard, it's hard for me to imagine our lb. So every time I would go to job interviews, they would ask me questions like where do you see yourself in five years? I'm like, I have
SPEAKER_R: Boys,
SPEAKER_L: no idea. I hate that question.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: I always have to keep that in mind right now. I'm just, I'm just really like floating, see where things take me. But then I have to remind myself that, you know what you do has to be sustainable. You're not you're not in a you're not in an environment where everything is controlled because that's what cooperating this, right? Like everything doesn't care of for you, like when this pandemic kid. Um I was thinking, oh now if my jobs get canceled, what do I do? You know, I was lucky that because I work two jobs now, so both jobs were deemed essential so I'm still working, but I was like, I was scary for a bit because I was like, I wouldn't um I would be in in big trouble if if that stuff, but you know, in corporate, when things like this happen, like nothing close to a pandemic happens like when we have the same type foods and everything gets canceled back in the Philippines, I don't have to worry because I always have my job, even if I don't work, I get paid, you know, so it's really, it's very um I'm still getting used to a lot of things here in the US.
SPEAKER_R: and you said you've only been here for two years since.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm december 2017 like maybe 2.5.
SPEAKER_R: But uh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've I've learned for several jobs already just you know, just just in the water and see what I like, but I think, yeah, but I think business processes calling, calling me back, you know, my old boss because we were like remotely, you know, I work in the office, I had my clients before my last clients was Paypal and HP. So my last boss she was and she is in the UK, so even you know, talk over the phone with your conference and then a few days ago she reached out to me so I was like that was pretty cool and she was saying hi how I um you know, I am I still in California and you know and then my director of analytics you know reached out to me as well just you know saying hi what's up? You know what's going on? I was like maybe that's a sign because both of them I break together you know And yeah I said if I want to come back with analytics since I've been away for two years I'd like to know how I can you know you know update my resume and I have some catching up to do I'm sure. And they're like okay let me get back to you with certifications like what you noticed as well. I'm sorry in my mind you know the clip on broke
SPEAKER_R: it's fine, it's
SPEAKER_L: yesterday
SPEAKER_R: fine,
SPEAKER_L: but I hope you can still hear me? Okay good. So yeah so now and just I guess the pandemic thing is like kind of makes everything unsure. So
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah. I'm surprised you like you're moving Jr said right? Or july
SPEAKER_R: yes june june june three, it is my day that I'm supposed to be traveling. Um So right now I'm scheduled to leave june 5th at 7:30 a.m.
SPEAKER_L: name. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean a lot of it, you know, obviously there's there's fears of uncertainty, there's there's I mean
SPEAKER_L: Been.
SPEAKER_R: I don't really, I don't really try to pay too much attention to those things. Obviously I recognize the fact that you know right now we're going through a very very tumultuous time in the country with demag and obviously um it's tougher for the job market out there. Um but right now I'm pretty sustainable in the sense that right now I actually have to remote jobs and I'm also working with, I'm doing one hand, I'm with a company that does articles, they write recurring articles for people to read. And I also teach english to students over in china. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. That's awesome. How is it like I consider doing that, but
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if I have enough patience.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's, it's one of those things that you have to be pretty patient with. I mean, it's not, it's not rocket science, it's just pretty much as long as you stick to the script and you're not um you're not being, you're not distracted by the fact that these are kids who tend to be very distracted often. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you know, if you have that sort of, you know, patience and diligence and at that point becomes a little bit more bearable. Uh but at the end really it's it's it's not it's not bad and it's pretty rewarding in the sense that um you know, I feel pretty satisfied and pretty happy whenever I see these these students actually reciprocating or actually learning and making strides to to improve their english and and they're also very interactive. Um They're always out there kind of you know playfully interacting with you either either be a chit chat sometimes or um sometimes they like they get a little bit excited whenever they get like a right answer, we can give them like a like a little uh like rewards because you're you are recommended for you to go ahead and give them rewards for every time they actually accomplished something well. Um So that it's pretty cool, it's pretty cool in that sense, it's pretty rewarding in that in that manner. Um Right now it's it's um the summer so I don't think they're booking as much, however it's pretty easy to go about the certification process like um there's actually a a method that you can get certified through them and that way and that way like whenever you sign up for open slots for bookings, parent parents could see that, oh you're certified at level 2 to 3, oh you're certified at level 4 to 5, oh you're a little bit more for the advance. And that way they can, you know they could play or play around with the need to go ahead and book your classes. Um For the most part it's it's the students talking about 70% of the time and be talking about 30% of the time. Um So that way they can, they it encourages
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: them to,
SPEAKER_L: a good ratio.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, especially for the more advanced students, because surprisingly they do really well, I mean they listened very well and they speak very well. Um Something something to my surprise that I didn't even think they could actually, you know, like no that much english at that age, that age group, which I believe it's anywhere between eight and 10 years old or something, but yeah, it's it's not bad. Um And then the writing uh side of it, it's it's pretty cool. The only downside is it's kinda kinda click baby, you know? So like I mean it's cool that I'm actually practicing rating um
SPEAKER_L: I actually did that. Yeah. So I can I can I know what you're talking about, right?
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I remember I had to write it 15 articles one time about monarchy knees and I was like 15 articles A holy crap. I don't know. Like I think I used up all of the version that the sorrows just trying to find like oh my God,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: how am I going to describe this? Like, one piece bathing suit over and over again for
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: 15
SPEAKER_R: give you like
SPEAKER_L: articles.
SPEAKER_R: like yeah, sometimes they give you like a, like a Youtube video that's like two or three minutes and it's like okay you have to do a minimum of 550 words here you go, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: that's hilarious. But it's great because both your jobs, you actually work at home so you don't have to, you know, worry about going out. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's beautiful. I did consider like maybe um teaching english to um kids in china, but I think one of the limitations in some of the places I applied to is that you have to be like some of the members are looking for english, like a native english speakers. So when I bring up the fact that I wasn't actually um I mean I've been speaking english since I was three, you know, in the Philippines, like a lot of people speak english at least conversationally, even when they, you know, and we we use english in schools, in our schools, So. But you know the requirements sometimes they get hung hang up on that so
SPEAKER_R: They're very picky when it comes to, especially the accent. Like they want to make sure that you're using a very clean, concise and clear
SPEAKER_L: write
SPEAKER_R: accent.
SPEAKER_L: a neutral accent. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Very neutral accent. Right, correct. Um But yeah, I mean if if you're interested in it's called V. I. P. Kids. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I've actually heard of them. Yes. Like I would go on I would go and read it and look for you know online jobs and that always comes up
SPEAKER_R: how nice you browse
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: Reddit?
SPEAKER_L: they have like them. I do like there's some subreddit, they're called Work Online. So I would always live there and I'll see V. I. P. Kids always remember they recommend um teaching english to other students.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Nice. Nice. Yeah. And I also couple that with obviously prolific and market research surveys and stuff of that nature. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I love prolific and I'm not just saying it because we're on it right now, but it's the easiest. I
SPEAKER_R: they do
SPEAKER_L: also
SPEAKER_R: a very good
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: job.
SPEAKER_L: I also do user testing as well, so that one is pretty cool too.
SPEAKER_R: Her software
SPEAKER_L: Like.
SPEAKER_R: just like random software or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but they have like a lot of filtering questions so you don't get a lot. But if you do accept it to a survey regardless of how short it is. It's $10. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. And then there was this one time I got accepted it's like a chat as well. Um, so so I was talking to the app developer, they sent me the link to the app and then I scroll through the app and they look at my reaction and then we talk about it and that's like an hour and that's $60. That's pretty good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: what's that card?
SPEAKER_L: do that user testing.
SPEAKER_R: Just use your testing. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. The logo is like a blue you. Yeah. So I was actually honored before I got on it on here. So,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Check it out,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you should, I mean everything you could get you a little bit more money would be, you know, it would be nice. So, and I've been telling people about that too. Um, so just similar for the fix, you have to just enter your demographics and everything and then they'll sort it out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I saw cool, interesting fact that I saw about prolific. I was looking through some of my submissions that I've done it earlier and I was like, wait, why am I not getting rewarded for these? It's been like over like three weeks or two weeks I think. And then then you go to like the information part of it and then it says for any submission that has not been approved over like 21 days or something, they automatically approve it for you. So it's like, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Holy crap. I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know the pretty cool fact that I actually like, like I actually found out about the other day, I was like, wow. They actually like care about the survey or the person who is participating
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: in the
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: research was pretty
SPEAKER_L: That's good. I'm actually glad they have a lot of service right now for me. At least like I see some people on Reddit complaining that they haven't gotten any in the past few weeks, but I was like, I've always gotten some and this week I've earned like almost $30. You don't just quick surveys.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, same. Same been pretty good for me as well. Can't complain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's good for my Starbucks budget. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow. It's been 25 minutes I think started 15. That's pretty cool. Time passed.
SPEAKER_R: It just kind of like that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was thinking, oh man, it's gonna be awkward, will just be staring at each other. Like yeah, but I think I felt comfortable when I saw the map behind you because I was like, okay, I don't know why,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: but I thought that was
SPEAKER_R: matter for my classes. Yeah, it's a little problem.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I figured I figured when I saw it, that's like that's a pretty cool background. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like your little flowers
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: the back for those magnolias.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I have no idea because it's it's just there when I got here, so I've never removed them. But
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they are flowers.
SPEAKER_R: I only say that because I know my my my mom has like minority achievement now in her front yard and it's like like white flowers, I kind of blossom like that. So
SPEAKER_L: that's probably yes. And I love I love here in the US that you have like so many flowering plants
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like in
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: the garden and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: everything.
SPEAKER_R: in, are you in northern California
SPEAKER_L: Northern
SPEAKER_R: and southern?
SPEAKER_L: California.
SPEAKER_R: More than nice. Nice, nice. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, it gets colder. Um There are a lot market trees, which I'm happy with. Like
SPEAKER_R: that's me.
SPEAKER_L: the heat in California is different from the Philippines because the heat and I think it's out to straight up murder you. Like it's so hot, it's dry, it pierces the skin. Somehow. The heat in the Philippines is like heavier, like it's humid sweater like florida weather, you know if you go to California, like somebody's stabbing you like everywhere. It's like, what the hell is going on? So I would walk around here with an umbrella, send the Philippines is quite normal. You know, 70 days, bring an umbrella, but people stare at me here like, I'm crazy and I'm like, you guys are crazy because I'm not like the one baking under the sound like a potato.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. How agree.
SPEAKER_L: But anyway, so I'm not sure what the next steps are now, I forgot.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I think we're
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: supposed to
SPEAKER_R: do you have your your tab
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: open with?
SPEAKER_L: instructions. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: do you have
SPEAKER_L: I do.
SPEAKER_R: the topic you say? How is the technical quality of the video chat? Any problems with audio, video connectivity,
SPEAKER_L: okay. So you're on the next page. The after the instructions. Right, okay, so and now I'm just moving. Okay? Ha Okay,
SPEAKER_R: just ask
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: you like
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: your,
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: is like
SPEAKER_R: of survey
SPEAKER_L: 20
SPEAKER_R: question
SPEAKER_L: minutes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: questions,
SPEAKER_L: 20 minutes of answering the survey. Do we end this? Do we end this chat? I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean we could,
SPEAKER_L: No issues. The partner showed up and he had a chat. I have no issues with technical problems
SPEAKER_R: no not at all. Everything was pretty much some point. All I have to do is click allow and then like my computer was allowing me to show video and show my microphone. So
SPEAKER_L: honey. Right well we've you had a conversation that lasted approximately 25 minutes I guess but now we're like gonna hit 30 I think. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm going for like 28. Think it's how I'm with your man
SPEAKER_L: This is funny. I don't know if they even consider that the you know the two people would um would two people would like collaborate on their answers?
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: They consider that.
SPEAKER_R: baby Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: funny,
SPEAKER_L: this has been a fun conversation. I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_R: definitely, definitely same here. Same here. It's been very pleasant and well, I mean if you want to add me on facebook or in social media, I'm not very big on it, but hey, you know, we could probably keep up and talking to you, see what happens. I'm gonna be kind of close to you. You know, I'll be in Tacoma Washington. So
SPEAKER_L: I know. Um I I do plan on visiting um Washington as well one day um I've been hitting places where I have people I know of course I can have four guys and such so yeah
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: that'll be pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, at me, um, you could take down my name, it's Jonathan. Yeah, I'll take 10 years to, so first name would be Jonathan, it's spelled J O N A T H A N. And then my last name is a like apple are like Romeo are like Romeo a like apple. That's like sam he like tom I like in the girl and a like apple. Yes. It's a it's a uh it's actually a basque name from the basque region in spain. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know I was going to say the last name. I'm familiar with that as well because we have a rest here in the Philippines to
SPEAKER_R: No way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we do. So I don't know if they were your relatives or not. You might want to check them out or what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know. I know the spanish were in the Philippines. The spanish were you know.
SPEAKER_L: 400 years so they read that last name.
SPEAKER_R: definitely, definitely. That's that's awesome. That's a fun factory today. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool. Yeah it is, it is actually like a lot of spanish stuff, you probably see them in the Philippines do. So I'm pretty sure that maybe Havana and the Philippines would have a lot more similarities than I know about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hopefully I had some Philippine friends back in like high school uh
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: not on there but they're you know they were descendants that there were you know ancestors um are from the Philippines. But um no I I watched my call it. I have a friend who actually went to Manila and they told me amazing things about the amazing things about.
SPEAKER_L: As someone from the Philippines I would always say people want to visit their like it's an amazing place like especially if you're into nature and mountains and beaches and everything um just give Manila, I always say that
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: give me
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: glad your friend, I'm glad your friend enjoyed Manila. But maybe because I'm a manila girl, I don't really have any provinces. I'm a city girl myself. So I'm like, I guess I know that now. It's like I can't I can't separate myself from an L. S. I know
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: what's going on or whatever. And I'm like, just get out of Manila at the moment. You arrive. Just get hop on another plane, go to another island. You have like 7100 islands to choose from. So just go go to one
SPEAKER_R: wow. It's crazy. Nice. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: if you're up to a great vacation, you know, and if you plan on going to the Philippines, you can let me know and I can maybe hook you up to some places there.
SPEAKER_R: I will man. I will obviously like it's on my list and it could be, it could be in the near future. Could we? Maybe sometime this summer.
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: Maybe next summer.
SPEAKER_L: the borders start opening up again. Yeah, but that's going to really awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I like, I like, I like I'm excited now is so excited.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. Maybe. What's been really fun. I really appreciate the time you were taken here. I hope to hear from you soon.
SPEAKER_L: Sam All right, Jonathan will go black to your move to your new job and everything, so I hope you have fun. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: we'll do, we'll do best of luck to you. And uh, and me up.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I will for sure after I finished the survey.
SPEAKER_R: All right. We'll take care.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So are you going to close the tab? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um, yeah, I guess you just close it. There's no other way to like submitting. I think it just takes the recording of it at the
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: end
SPEAKER_L: true. Yeah. Okay. All right. Talk to you soon.
SPEAKER_R: already by