yes I can. Can you hear me?
Awesome? Excellent. Let's see. I just got to the reading it now.
Uh really good now. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah, I think we're just supposed to wait I guess. Uh The timer goes down. Yeah.
Okay. And well, how are you today?
Yes. My name is Jonathan by the way. It's a pleasure
Babel.
Where
are you?
Where
are you from?
Oh, nice. Cool. Uh I'm from originally, I'm from Havana cuba, but I moved to uh the United States when I was four years old, so I was raised in Miami and then now I'm living in Sarasota florida.
No
family.
Okay. That's
it's nice. It's nice. It's a lot um has a lot of beaches and a nice beach towns and and the weather that was always really great here. So
Okay. All right. So I believe, I think we're just supposed to have a conversation for 25 minutes. Um It doesn't really say like what to talk about. Um And then at the end like once we once we click the the page after it just says whether or not we had any issues with our with our video footage. So I guess we're just supposed to be talking for about 25 minutes. Okay.
Okay. But that's after after we talk, right?
I guess it doesn't really say you know what to talk about. Okay. So
um basically actually um you know since you're out in California, I'm actually going to be going to Washington and about uh about three weeks from now to relocate to relocate over to Washington.
So um I mean I've always wanted to you know, check out the west coast just kind of see how everything was. Just because I feel like I've already I've already been in florida for too long and I'm kind of already kind of taught not tired but I'm just like I'm looking for something different something a little bit more. Uh I don't know I guess it's different from like how I experience life. Uh Right now I have my cousin who is actually working over in in Tacoma Washington, she's working for like a school, she teaches Children and she offered me
to stay with her. Yeah so I'm gonna go ahead and just pack my bags and go in june.
So I've only I've been in uh I've been up north before, I've been to like Quebec and Canada and like new york and in Washington D. C. I've been there during like december, so I know like what the code feels like. Um the thing is I'm you know I'm not really prepared for a long period of it being cold so I'll have to get used to that. Um
But I think I'll be I'll be fine, I think I'll be fine. I I uh I'm not I'm not a complainer, I don't really get upset with with things, I just like you know my best and just like kinda work with it. So I think that I don't think it will be an issue is just it's just gonna be a lot of patients and I'll get used to it.
So my plan is uh currently right now I'm studying like coding, I'm studying like learning
different coding languages for like other web development or mobile app development. So I plan to just kind of take those skills over um
and find like
some
right. Mhm, yep. So I I plan to have some sort of like resume and maybe get some certifications once I get there uh in order for me to go ahead and make sure I can apply to these companies and hopefully land a good job there. Um But right now I'm already graduated, I graduated about three years ago from the University of florida. Um and that was nice. Um
So no
so
so in college I I kind of went through different majors, my ended up graduating and ended up graduating as a spanish major. Um And like at this point like you know, it's something that I've always liked languages, so I think that uh huh my passion for learning languages and my like my ability to learn languages will translate into like learning coding and doing these things, so that way I can basically like expand on that. Um Yeah, so it was kind of like a career change later on after I graduated because I was kind of like not knowing what I wanted to do with my life in terms of like work or employment. Um As soon as I started to get out of my interest together, all the things I was interested in um that kind of became my realization after college and so now I'm looking to go ahead and kind of settle in that and become a little bit more familiar with that industry. Um and you know, really plant my feeling while I still have time, I'm only 27.
All
thanks.
so fast.
No,
Yeah, I've actually been there, yeah,
yeah, I went
there,
I went there last year, well actually I went there two years ago for a trip for my birthday um for about like a weekend we're gonna have or so, um but it's really nice, it's it's a really really really beautiful place um Obviously
it's cold but yeah.
yeah it's a pain,
And
then
like its own little world.
They said oh
I think
um I think my body
is actually doing that you buy products and you review them
who,
That's cool, that's cool. I've always been a very metal reeds person probably why I decided to go and stick with Cody, you know?
No.
Yeah.
Mhm. That's
interesting.
An interesting path. It's cool.
Yeah definitely definitely. I also think it's a step by step process. I mean for like I feel like it's a good thing though to like never stop defining yourself or stop china like at least look for something that you're interested in. Um You know that keeps that's what keeps people going sometimes, like you know further on in life. Um I think it's always a good thing to kind of, you know, be comfortable, not comfortable but be challenge yourself in terms of saying, okay, well, you know, now I'm a little bored and now I think that I can find this or find that and uh you know, it's always get to step out and and chase these things and and and go for them, even if we have a little bit of I guess have a motivation to do so because you know, something in you is telling you, you know, maybe you should go for this, maybe you shouldn't, you know, and it's it's how much attention we, we paid, you know, how much we pay attention to these things and how much we tune into these things that at that point it turns out to you know manifest itself in like reality and things that you do and what you can accomplish.
Boys,
you
know,
and you said you've only been here for two years since.
But uh yeah.
it's fine, it's
fine,
definitely.
yes june june june three, it is my day that I'm supposed to be traveling. Um So right now I'm scheduled to leave june 5th at 7:30 a.m.
yeah, I mean a lot of it, you know, obviously there's there's fears of uncertainty, there's there's I mean
I don't really, I don't really try to pay too much attention to those things. Obviously I recognize the fact that you know right now we're going through a very very tumultuous time in the country with demag and obviously um it's tougher for the job market out there. Um but right now I'm pretty sustainable in the sense that right now I actually have to remote jobs and I'm also working with, I'm doing one hand, I'm with a company that does articles, they write recurring articles for people to read. And I also teach english to students over in china. Um Yeah,
Hey,
yeah, it's, it's one of those things that you have to be pretty patient with. I mean, it's not, it's not rocket science, it's just pretty much as long as you stick to the script and you're not um you're not being, you're not distracted by the fact that these are kids who tend to be very distracted often. Um
you know, if you have that sort of, you know, patience and diligence and at that point becomes a little bit more bearable. Uh but at the end really it's it's it's not it's not bad and it's pretty rewarding in the sense that um you know, I feel pretty satisfied and pretty happy whenever I see these these students actually reciprocating or actually learning and making strides to to improve their english and and they're also very interactive. Um They're always out there kind of you know playfully interacting with you either either be a chit chat sometimes or um sometimes they like they get a little bit excited whenever they get like a right answer, we can give them like a like a little uh like rewards because you're you are recommended for you to go ahead and give them rewards for every time they actually accomplished something well. Um So that it's pretty cool, it's pretty cool in that sense, it's pretty rewarding in that in that manner. Um Right now it's it's um the summer so I don't think they're booking as much, however it's pretty easy to go about the certification process like um there's actually a a method that you can get certified through them and that way and that way like whenever you sign up for open slots for bookings, parent parents could see that, oh you're certified at level 2 to 3, oh you're certified at level 4 to 5, oh you're a little bit more for the advance. And that way they can, you know they could play or play around with the need to go ahead and book your classes. Um For the most part it's it's the students talking about 70% of the time and be talking about 30% of the time. Um So that way they can, they it encourages
them to,
yeah, especially for the more advanced students, because surprisingly they do really well, I mean they listened very well and they speak very well. Um Something something to my surprise that I didn't even think they could actually, you know, like no that much english at that age, that age group, which I believe it's anywhere between eight and 10 years old or something, but yeah, it's it's not bad. Um And then the writing uh side of it, it's it's pretty cool. The only downside is it's kinda kinda click baby, you know? So like I mean it's cool that I'm actually practicing rating um
Okay.
And
they
give you like
like yeah, sometimes they give you like a, like a Youtube video that's like two or three minutes and it's like okay you have to do a minimum of 550 words here you go, you know, so
Yeah.
They're very picky when it comes to, especially the accent. Like they want to make sure that you're using a very clean, concise and clear
accent.
Mhm. Very neutral accent. Right, correct. Um But yeah, I mean if if you're interested in it's called V. I. P. Kids. Um Yeah,
how nice you browse
Reddit?
Okay. Nice. Nice. Yeah. And I also couple that with obviously prolific and market research surveys and stuff of that nature. Yeah.
they do
a very good
job.
Her software
just like random software or
What
what's
what's that card?
Just use your testing. Okay.
interesting. Check it out,
Yeah. I saw cool, interesting fact that I saw about prolific. I was looking through some of my submissions that I've done it earlier and I was like, wait, why am I not getting rewarded for these? It's been like over like three weeks or two weeks I think. And then then you go to like the information part of it and then it says for any submission that has not been approved over like 21 days or something, they automatically approve it for you. So it's like, yeah.
Yeah. I know the pretty cool fact that I actually like, like I actually found out about the other day, I was like, wow. They actually like care about the survey or the person who is participating
in the
research was pretty
yeah, same. Same been pretty good for me as well. Can't complain.
definitely.
It just kind of like that, you know?
That's
matter for my classes. Yeah, it's a little problem.
I like your little flowers
the back for those magnolias.
I
I only say that because I know my my my mom has like minority achievement now in her front yard and it's like like white flowers, I kind of blossom like that. So
what
are
you
in, are you in northern California
and southern?
More than nice. Nice, nice. Okay,
that's me.
yeah. How agree.
I
think
you
do you have your your tab
open with?
do you have
the topic you say? How is the technical quality of the video chat? Any problems with audio, video connectivity,
just ask
you like
your,
this
is
of survey
question
questions,
Yeah, I mean we could,
no not at all. Everything was pretty much some point. All I have to do is click allow and then like my computer was allowing me to show video and show my microphone. So
I'm going for like 28. Think it's how I'm with your man
this
baby Yeah, that's
funny,
definitely, definitely same here. Same here. It's been very pleasant and well, I mean if you want to add me on facebook or in social media, I'm not very big on it, but hey, you know, we could probably keep up and talking to you, see what happens. I'm gonna be kind of close to you. You know, I'll be in Tacoma Washington. So
definitely.
Yeah, at me, um, you could take down my name, it's Jonathan. Yeah, I'll take 10 years to, so first name would be Jonathan, it's spelled J O N A T H A N. And then my last name is a like apple are like Romeo are like Romeo a like apple. That's like sam he like tom I like in the girl and a like apple. Yes. It's a it's a uh it's actually a basque name from the basque region in spain. Yeah.
No way.
I
know. I know the spanish were in the Philippines. The spanish were you know.
definitely, definitely. That's that's awesome. That's a fun factory today. That's cool.
Yeah. Hopefully I had some Philippine friends back in like high school uh
not on there but they're you know they were descendants that there were you know ancestors um are from the Philippines. But um no I I watched my call it. I have a friend who actually went to Manila and they told me amazing things about the amazing things about.
Just
give me
that.
No.
wow. It's crazy. Nice. Nice.
I will man. I will obviously like it's on my list and it could be, it could be in the near future. Could we? Maybe sometime this summer.
Maybe next summer.
I like, I like, I like I'm excited now is so excited.
Alright. Maybe. What's been really fun. I really appreciate the time you were taken here. I hope to hear from you soon.
we'll do, we'll do best of luck to you. And uh, and me up.
All right. We'll take care.
Um, yeah, I guess you just close it. There's no other way to like submitting. I think it just takes the recording of it at the
end
already by