30? Yeah. Yeah. Right yeah yeah thank you. Uh huh. Oh yeah wow. All right hey can you hear me okay?
Yes I can.
you're just reading it now Okay that's fine. I think you still have two minutes. I don't know if you have to start at exactly 5 15.
the timer I think there's a timer at the bottom. It's already started since I opened the instructions page.
Good, hi good to meet you.
My name is Mabel yeah,
good to meet you. Yes
old
fashioned name,
but
I'm from the Philippines but I'm in California right now.
Oh that's pretty cool. Yeah I have a I have one friend exactly one friend in florida,
he
lives in Fort Lauderdale.
Um That's the only place I've been in in florida. Mhm.
it is actually when I stepped off the plane I thought I was back in the Philippines because it was humid and I was like hanging on my back in Manila because I wasn't sure what was going on.
Right. I think it says yes. The survey would be in the instruction and stab like I think I don't know if it's in the yeah, the blue button afterwards.
Yes. After this conversation. But then we have to keep it going for 25 minutes and I guess we can talk about anything.
No.
Oh, that's interesting. Why are you relocating?
That's pretty
Oh, that's so much fun. The temperature is it's different from florida and Washington. I know Washington a lot cooler. Um Havana is also hot. So are you going to be used to it? How you handle the call?
I want
That is so cool though. Do you have any like work lined up already for you when you go there?
I don't know.
Yeah, I guess
there's
something you can do right? That's something you can do like I guess online, so you can take it anywhere, right? It doesn't have to be like a totally classroom setting or anything like that.
What is it also um computer related what
you took
in college?
That is so cool. I figured this. I was just thinking, so he graduated three years ago. He's probably around that age. I'm glad I was close. You have a lot of time, you have a lot of time to figure it out because I don't think that people actually know what they're doing even if you know they're in their thirties late twenties. So yeah, that's a lot of fun. I mean I can relate a bit I guess because I've only been here in the U. S. For two years, maybe 2.5 because I moved here 2017 Decembers. I have um back from back in the Philippines, I have like a whole career going on. But my dad um my dad petitioned me and my siblings actually uh he'd be about 10 12 years ago and seriously we didn't think that it would push through. You know especially the climate in the U. S. You're thinking oh it's just gonna be you know it's
going to be rejected so let's just go on with our lives and then suddenly you know the lawyer called and said oh you have an interview with the U. S. Embassy that was like March
2017. And then december we were on our way over on a plane to California so we were like what the hell are we doing? Because we had to quit our jobs because we figured you
know we might as well try. I mean my dad worked hard to get upstairs so the least we can do is you know um see see what the U. S. Has to offer and when I got here I felt like I didn't want to go back to corporate because I was working in corporate before like I was in business process and analytics. So I was thinking I was burned out like when I got up, so I was thinking let me just try and see if I can explore the US first, you know, So I went to new york, I went to florida, I met met up with some of my friends there um because in in my work in the Philippines, I have colleagues from the U. S. Like I worked for I worked for Dell. They have they have um an office in the Philippines I worked there so I have colleagues from the U. S. Coming there to work with us you know and then they come back. So they invited me over the florida that I had worked in down before. So anyway um so now I'm trying to figure out like I was really relating to you because I was I am in the same spot so I'm I think maybe I'm back to close to zero like after I graduated trying to figure out what I can do. And um my old boss who's in America, she she works in Denver. The analytics
department actually is headquartered in Denver. So she's been reaching out to me and asking if you know I want to come back, I can reach out to her. But you know Denver is close to Washington? And I was thinking man, it's cold in Denver?
Oh you have,
I'm
like
I know
but all I can think of is like always known but you know a lot of trees, a lot of nature which I'm really into. Um but I was thinking like in California we got here december right? And it's just super and I know like they say that California like California winter has nothing you know to compare it to like new york or maybe even in Denver or Washington. But I was like this is speaking cold and I hate I hate that I had to wear so many clothes you know? And I'm like oh my God, taking it all off if you have to go to the bathroom, you're like oh my God you have to give like time
to take everything off before you can use it. And I'm like I don't know. So um I just stayed in touch with her because you know, I was thinking at the back of my head that's a good option to have, but at least let me see what else is here because you know corporate is a different animal than other kinds of jobs. Like I was realizing the stress you have in there kind of in retrospect feels you know, insignificant, like why why did you stress about a presentation? You know that
kind
of thing?
Yeah it is. So now I've been doing like some independent contracting work um after I'd shopping for amazon, so that was fun and you know it pays well and it's a very simple job like you literally sharp
and
you get
like
no no it's actually just I'm in whole foods so you get an order and then you do the grocery list for the customer, so you get a grocery list and then like five cans of tomato sauce and pass stuff and then you put it in the bag, you put it in the fridge and you're done. That's it, and they pay like $15 an hour. So that's a very cool part time job.
Um Yeah, and then I have um a full time job with a company I worked for here, but it's very, you know, different from my course, my background in analytics. So I'm kind of thinking maybe I should try getting back in because I do miss working with Excel and Numbers of the data. So. Yeah.
I'm actually not.
My course in college was anthropology and I was um I was aiming to become a forensic anthropologist, you know, when I was back in college. But um, I guess as I wanted to support myself after college in the Philippines, your parents, you know, usually will help support you up until whenever, you know, until they say okay, stop.
But I was thinking I feel guilty. I wanted to support my parents as well. So I got a part time job in the, in the corporate world and I kind of like I lost my path because I was already taking like 11 year of master's degree and you know, and my steps going through forensic anthropology. But but yeah, I hated my, but then I was quite surprised that I was very good at at it. I guess business processes, state analytics. I was like, what have I gotten myself into? But
so
yeah, no, I can't say
it is, I'm so afraid of when you, so that's why I said to you like I think it's, you're always going to be looking for paths. Sometimes I get bored easily, but you know, you just have to continue just looking for it.
And I have to be careful because I don't really have a good concept of the future. You know what I mean? Like for me six months is a long time. It's hard, it's hard for me to imagine our lb. So every time I would go to job interviews, they would ask me questions like where do you see yourself in five years? I'm like, I have
no idea. I hate that question.
So
I always have to keep that in mind right now. I'm just, I'm just really like floating, see where things take me. But then I have to remind myself that, you know what you do has to be sustainable. You're not you're not in a you're not in an environment where everything is controlled because that's what cooperating this, right? Like everything doesn't care of for you, like when this pandemic kid. Um I was thinking, oh now if my jobs get canceled, what do I do? You know, I was lucky that because I work two jobs now, so both jobs were deemed essential so I'm still working, but I was like, I was scary for a bit because I was like, I wouldn't um I would be in in big trouble if if that stuff, but you know, in corporate, when things like this happen, like nothing close to a pandemic happens like when we have the same type foods and everything gets canceled back in the Philippines, I don't have to worry because I always have my job, even if I don't work, I get paid, you know, so it's really, it's very um I'm still getting used to a lot of things here in the US.
Yeah, I'm december 2017 like maybe 2.5.
Yeah, I've I've learned for several jobs already just you know, just just in the water and see what I like, but I think, yeah, but I think business processes calling, calling me back, you know, my old boss because we were like remotely, you know, I work in the office, I had my clients before my last clients was Paypal and HP. So my last boss she was and she is in the UK, so even you know, talk over the phone with your conference and then a few days ago she reached out to me so I was like that was pretty cool and she was saying hi how I um you know, I am I still in California and you know and then my director of analytics you know reached out to me as well just you know saying hi what's up? You know what's going on? I was like maybe that's a sign because both of them I break together you know And yeah I said if I want to come back with analytics since I've been away for two years I'd like to know how I can you know you know update my resume and I have some catching up to do I'm sure. And they're like okay let me get back to you with certifications like what you noticed as well. I'm sorry in my mind you know the clip on broke
yesterday
but I hope you can still hear me? Okay good. So yeah so now and just I guess the pandemic thing is like kind of makes everything unsure. So
I don't know. Yeah. I'm surprised you like you're moving Jr said right? Or july
name. Yeah.
Been.
Oh my God. That's awesome. How is it like I consider doing that, but
I don't know if I have enough patience.
Uh huh.
That's
a good ratio.
I actually did that. Yeah. So I can I can I know what you're talking about, right?
I remember I had to write it 15 articles one time about monarchy knees and I was like 15 articles A holy crap. I don't know. Like I think I used up all of the version that the sorrows just trying to find like oh my God,
how am I going to describe this? Like, one piece bathing suit over and over again for
15
articles.
that's hilarious. But it's great because both your jobs, you actually work at home so you don't have to, you know, worry about going out. Yeah,
that's beautiful. I did consider like maybe um teaching english to um kids in china, but I think one of the limitations in some of the places I applied to is that you have to be like some of the members are looking for english, like a native english speakers. So when I bring up the fact that I wasn't actually um I mean I've been speaking english since I was three, you know, in the Philippines, like a lot of people speak english at least conversationally, even when they, you know, and we we use english in schools, in our schools, So. But you know the requirements sometimes they get hung hang up on that so
write
a neutral accent. Yes.
I've actually heard of them. Yes. Like I would go on I would go and read it and look for you know online jobs and that always comes up
because
they have like them. I do like there's some subreddit, they're called Work Online. So I would always live there and I'll see V. I. P. Kids always remember they recommend um teaching english to other students.
I love prolific and I'm not just saying it because we're on it right now, but it's the easiest. I
also
do
I also do user testing as well, so that one is pretty cool too.
Like.
Yeah but they have like a lot of filtering questions so you don't get a lot. But if you do accept it to a survey regardless of how short it is. It's $10. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. And then there was this one time I got accepted it's like a chat as well. Um, so so I was talking to the app developer, they sent me the link to the app and then I scroll through the app and they look at my reaction and then we talk about it and that's like an hour and that's $60. That's pretty good. Yeah.
I was
like,
do that user testing.
Yes. Yeah. The logo is like a blue you. Yeah. So I was actually honored before I got on it on here. So,
yeah, you should, I mean everything you could get you a little bit more money would be, you know, it would be nice. So, and I've been telling people about that too. Um, so just similar for the fix, you have to just enter your demographics and everything and then they'll sort it out.
Mm. Holy crap. I didn't know that.
that's
good.
That's good. I'm actually glad they have a lot of service right now for me. At least like I see some people on Reddit complaining that they haven't gotten any in the past few weeks, but I was like, I've always gotten some and this week I've earned like almost $30. You don't just quick surveys.
Yeah, it's good for my Starbucks budget. Mhm.
Yeah, wow. It's been 25 minutes I think started 15. That's pretty cool. Time passed.
Yeah, I was thinking, oh man, it's gonna be awkward, will just be staring at each other. Like yeah, but I think I felt comfortable when I saw the map behind you because I was like, okay, I don't know why,
but I thought that was
Yeah. I figured I figured when I saw it, that's like that's a pretty cool background. Yeah.
So
okay. I have no idea because it's it's just there when I got here, so I've never removed them. But
they are flowers.
that's probably yes. And I love I love here in the US that you have like so many flowering plants
like in
the garden and
everything.
Northern
California.
Yes, it gets colder. Um There are a lot market trees, which I'm happy with. Like
the heat in California is different from the Philippines because the heat and I think it's out to straight up murder you. Like it's so hot, it's dry, it pierces the skin. Somehow. The heat in the Philippines is like heavier, like it's humid sweater like florida weather, you know if you go to California, like somebody's stabbing you like everywhere. It's like, what the hell is going on? So I would walk around here with an umbrella, send the Philippines is quite normal. You know, 70 days, bring an umbrella, but people stare at me here like, I'm crazy and I'm like, you guys are crazy because I'm not like the one baking under the sound like a potato.
But anyway, so I'm not sure what the next steps are now, I forgot.
So
I think we're
supposed to
the
instructions. Yes,
I do.
okay. So you're on the next page. The after the instructions. Right, okay, so and now I'm just moving. Okay? Ha Okay,
so
there
and then
this
is like
20
minutes. Mhm.
20 minutes of answering the survey. Do we end this? Do we end this chat? I'm not sure.
No issues. The partner showed up and he had a chat. I have no issues with technical problems
honey. Right well we've you had a conversation that lasted approximately 25 minutes I guess but now we're like gonna hit 30 I think. Mhm.
This is funny. I don't know if they even consider that the you know the two people would um would two people would like collaborate on their answers?
They consider that.
Well
this has been a fun conversation. I enjoyed it.
I know. Um I I do plan on visiting um Washington as well one day um I've been hitting places where I have people I know of course I can have four guys and such so yeah
that'll be pretty cool.
you know I was going to say the last name. I'm familiar with that as well because we have a rest here in the Philippines to
Yeah we do. So I don't know if they were your relatives or not. You might want to check them out or what
but
400 years so they read that last name.
Oh that's cool. Yeah it is, it is actually like a lot of spanish stuff, you probably see them in the Philippines do. So I'm pretty sure that maybe Havana and the Philippines would have a lot more similarities than I know about.
mm
As someone from the Philippines I would always say people want to visit their like it's an amazing place like especially if you're into nature and mountains and beaches and everything um just give Manila, I always say that
but
I'm
glad your friend, I'm glad your friend enjoyed Manila. But maybe because I'm a manila girl, I don't really have any provinces. I'm a city girl myself. So I'm like, I guess I know that now. It's like I can't I can't separate myself from an L. S. I know
what's going on or whatever. And I'm like, just get out of Manila at the moment. You arrive. Just get hop on another plane, go to another island. You have like 7100 islands to choose from. So just go go to one
if you're up to a great vacation, you know, and if you plan on going to the Philippines, you can let me know and I can maybe hook you up to some places there.
When
the borders start opening up again. Yeah, but that's going to really awesome.
Mhm. That's pretty cool.
Sam All right, Jonathan will go black to your move to your new job and everything, so I hope you have fun. Okay,
All right. I will for sure after I finished the survey.
Okay. So are you going to close the tab? Okay.
That's
true. Yeah. Okay. All right. Talk to you soon.