SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. They feature, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mm. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Tonight. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. And yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, there. Thank you. Thank you. I know that that that that what about the losers? Mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. She didn't state republican convention. I'm going to try to this in one take because if we were doing this live, I wouldn't have the option of doing any edits or transitions or anything like that. A little bit about my background for 20 years of law enforcement experience. I started out as a patrol officer. I personally dealt with many of the issues that continue to plague our communities, such as mental illness and drug addiction. I rose through the ranks to sergeant and later lieutenant uh and my experience leading and managing people in large government agency will serve me well. Leading the attorneys, investigators and support staff of the attorney general's office. I went to law school and pass the bar while working full time as a police officer. So I'm not afraid of long hours and putting in hard work. I have a combined seven years experience conducting internal investigations for the city of Seattle Police Department and also for Seattle public schools. I would say that government accountability is a passionate, violent, actually accountability across the board. It applies equally to everybody. I ran a solo law practice in Lake stevens where the majority of my clients I served with either reduced rates or free. Um, so what will I do as attorney general will be guided by our federal and state constitutions. Every action I take will be with the recognition that our government exists to protect the rights of the individual and I will view the people of our state as my ultimate clients. I'm sure there are constitutional laws are applied to everyone equally. I will serve as a check on the governor when needed. And I will certainly serve as a check on the Legislature. If the legislature doesn't have the courage to pass their laws in full view of the people, they should not necessarily expect that I will enforce their laws. I work with everyone I can to make improvements to our courts, including family law. Courts are criminal justice, mental health and social services systems. I will work with our next Republican governor to address crime and disorder in Seattle King County, which has been allowed to fester and has become a regional, if not statewide problem. We'll never compromise when it comes to our constitutional rights, especially the Second Amendment. And I will investigate our state's response to the covid outbreak. Top to bottom, including the actions of jay inslee. We can never allow our state's economy to be shut down and our schools and churches closed over a highly questionable quote unquote emergency. It's a little bit about why I'm running. I'm the first time candidate. I'm not politically connected. The damage that bob Ferguson has and continues to do to our state is too lengthy list during our conquer today shocked that no Republican ran against Ferguson on 2016. We can't win if we're not even on the field. And I decided at that time if nobody else stepped forward in 2020 I would, I watched and waited waiting for an established candidate to test the waters, maybe take some public shots in Ferguson and explore a possible campaign. And I never saw that. So in april 2019 I decided since I had no political experience. I better get started, um, far from a household name, but I have grassroots support across the state. As I've traveled, a statement with people, I notice there's a lot of anger over how our state is run, but there's also a lot of apathy. Recently I met a young man in Yakima was 27 who finally registered to vote. He finally had enough. He'll be voting for the first time in august and he will be voting republican. I have much more experience as a voter than as a candidate. So from that perspective of voter ID like to consider this, I think we are partly to blame the Republican voter apathy. We have repeatedly given inches in the name of reaching across the aisle only to have democrats pick miles when they have near complete control of our government. We can no longer afford to play by the democrats rules and accept their apprentices. We need to get off the ropes, stand up for ourselves and fight for our ideals and our beliefs. That's the kind of candidate I am and that's the kind of attorney general out. B mm. So in closing again, my name is Brett Rogers, right for Washington State Attorney General. I thank you for the time you give me here today. Uh, you learn like to learn more bombing. Please go to Brett Rogers for H G dot com. You can also find me on facebook and twitter. Uh, I'll appreciate your vote and of course I would greatly appreciate your financial support. Thank you again. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hey, Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Right, Good thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Good. You do anything good today?
SPEAKER_L: No, just relax slow. The normal stuff, you know. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Same old, same old kind of boring right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of people,
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay with boring.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, boring. Is the new safe, I guess at least. That's what I've been told.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I had I had kind of a I lived kind of a guy I used to work in a crazy kind of job, so I am okay with the downtime. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm a schoolteacher. We just finished for the year. About a week ago. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I used to work in special ed, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I worked with adjudicated kids and mental
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: health kids, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: and I'm in my fifties now and I'm I got pretty burned out,
SPEAKER_R: I can understand that.
SPEAKER_L: yep, not from the kids, from the admin,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get that too. Yeah, I'm trying to I don't know, reading a lot of articles about next year and what it's gonna look like and argument so far has come out with like three plans, what is supposed to be um what is it in school full time? Like nothing is happening in the second plan is like a hybrid of in school versus um like remote learning and then the third option is straight up remote learning, so let's see what happens.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was thinking, I would imagine a lot of teachers who are thinking about retiring will be retiring. Am I wrong on that?
SPEAKER_R: That's what I was thinking. Um Yeah, I know of five that have retired already, but I don't know if, I think if I could go out, I'm 42 I probably would as well. This will be my 20th year coming up. I just don't think they have to go back. I know it, but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I retired early because in my state we can retire anytime after five or 10 years or whatever. 15 years. Yeah, and it's a lower amount of retirement, but to me it was worth it because it was too much stress, it wasn't worth it anymore,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get that. So do you work now, like, do you have a new job since you're done with teaching?
SPEAKER_L: I work online and I super super downsized, so my expenses are really low and I just, I'm very frugal and uh I sold my house, so I invested many in the in mutual funds and so that's been doing okay for the past few years, so, you know, it's all right. Yeah, I know a bunch of teachers who are staying with the school district because there, I guess not enough new teachers were being hired because they can't find people and so they were staying in their jobs, but I imagine now they're like, no, forget it.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I'm no, I'm a mentor teacher and my Bt is dying to get back in there in august and she's only like, what, 23? And I'm like, you're crazy,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well that's okay. Well, hey, they can have it.
SPEAKER_R: it's gonna be a Petri dish. I mean, we all have kids whose parents um you know, we'll slip them to Tylenol to bring their fever down and then send them to school anyway. I can only imagine what this is going to look like and I know online learning is not the best, but what happens when a teacher gets it from my kid and it kills them, or a teacher gives it to a kid or you know, and they go home and infect grandma and granddad or whomever, that's just
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: think where I live, it's pretty much run its course,
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: lucky.
SPEAKER_L: heart, the virus. That's what it seems like anyway,
SPEAKER_R: No, it's just getting ramped up here.
SPEAKER_L: okay, because where I live, we had it here back in like january or before that. So it's been here for like 67 months, six months now. So,
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, our cases are going up every day,
SPEAKER_L: uh they say, I don't trust it
SPEAKER_R: you don't,
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: do you think it's a hopes
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think they exaggerate the numbers. I think the the mainstream media, they think they try to make it something, you know, how they're always trying to make something out of something.
SPEAKER_R: like sensationalize it? Okay. Got you.
SPEAKER_L: And maybe the government and the state governments of the hospitals or maybe are exaggerating to get more federal money. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just skeptical. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: our cases keep going up, but yet, and
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the bars like we have a lot of bars downtown, a lot of young people are there and they're not, you know, doing what they're supposed to be doing. I don't know. It is a very scary time I think. Yeah, there's a lot
SPEAKER_L: our
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: governor, I'll go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm done.
SPEAKER_L: Our governor, he just mandated that everybody wear masks, but really it's not legal. I mean, a lot of people, I know, I mean it's not legal what he's doing because there are a whole bunch of exceptions, like if you have a disability, if you have a, you know, a medical issue like asthma
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: or whatever, you don't have to wear the mask. And I'm thinking the virus has been here since january, and now we're supposed to wear masks in june. It I mean it doesn't even make sense. That's me. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm worried about my grandmother getting it because she's she'll be 95 in september and she's an assisted living home and nobody can get in to see her or anything and she actually broke her nose two weeks ago trying to get out of her bed. She didn't pull the little wrote for assistance she tried to do it on her own and now you know they had to rush her to the hospital and I don't know what's going on because we haven't been able to see her a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: certain
SPEAKER_L: think it's horrible that people cannot see. Mhm. Um their grandparents, I think that's absolutely horrible.
SPEAKER_R: I'm worried about it. I don't want her to catch it though. If somebody were to go in there and be infected they spread it. I worry for her.
SPEAKER_L: I also worry about foster kids because um
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: I heard that some states are taking foster kids, like um taking them away from families and it's something about they're trying to get more federal money by doing that. I'm not really
SPEAKER_R: look why
SPEAKER_L: about details, but like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: if they say the kid or the parents have the virus, they can get federal money. And then, I don't know, it's a bunch of, to me it's horrible.
SPEAKER_R: oh my gosh. Uh huh I haven't heard
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the mainstream news, I
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: don't think they want to talk about it,
SPEAKER_R: probably not because I know people would go nuts mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, There was some people
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I live in Washington state and there were some people in Olympia that had a baby and the state wanted to take the baby because they said the parents tested positive for the virus.
SPEAKER_R: What? Oh my gosh you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then um somebody she did her own live videos so we could find out about it and posted it on facebook
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy
SPEAKER_L: because in the free media won't talk about it.
SPEAKER_R: mm That's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: to me really scary when I mean there might be more stuff going on that we don't know about.
SPEAKER_R: Probably I'm sure all the time. Yeah. Um what are your thoughts on the vaccines that might be coming out
SPEAKER_L: I don't trust vaccines anymore. I used because of the jobs I used to work out. I used to work in a gel and a prison and stuff and I got all my vaccines every year and now I don't know if I'll ever get another vaccine again because I heard that they put the coronavirus like bits and pieces of the virus in the r vaccinations. I don't know if this is true. That's what I heard. So then if you take the test for the coronavirus, you're going to test positive because that's what was in the vaccinations. So I don't know what's true and what's not true. I just, I'm like, oh maybe. I don't know, I don't know about all this vaccination stuff anymore.
SPEAKER_R: I get my flu shot every year. I've only had the flu twice and I just laid on the floor and prayed for death because it was horrible. True.
SPEAKER_L: I had it in january and it was really bad. It was bad and I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: had had my flu shot. Yeah. So yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah they heard a rumor that if you um go get tested for Covid and you've had the flu shot you'll test positive. I I got the flu shot and then I donated blood two weeks ago and I was negative.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I didn't have any antibodies or anything and I was actually secretly hoping for some antibodies because I wouldn't feel as vulnerable. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but no I didn't have anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I guess I'll try again in august and when um I can donate again and see what happens. Yeah for the most part we're just staying home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. I work online on you know, different surveys and stuff and then I bought this fixer upper mobile home. So um I'm almost done with it and then I plan to move and across country to a Republican state.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. What are you thinking of moving just east coast or?
SPEAKER_L: Um, savannah Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's affordable there. And yeah. And there's a, my daughter lives near the army base there, so that's, yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: movement.
SPEAKER_L: I refused to, I pretty much, well, I don't know. I pretty much refused to fly on an airplane and where I'm asked. So I'm waiting for the mask thing to go away.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. I wouldn't get on an airplane right now.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want to just because of all the, like right now there's antifa in Portland Oregon. And
SPEAKER_R: It's not the past thing
SPEAKER_L: so what,
SPEAKER_R: that the chairs thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, they left.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, They're either left or they're leaving Seattle something. I don't know. And now I don't know if they moved to Portland or there's a new group in Portland Oregon. I don't know. Yeah. The other is no way I'm going anywhere right now because it's just too crazy right now.
SPEAKER_R: I read about the Chaz thing and they the people there had taken over six blocks and we're urging people to get in. Is that right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're, um, telling the businesses, you know, give us money, give us food, let us use your shower or whatever. I mean, I hear all kinds of crazy things.
SPEAKER_R: What's the reasoning? Mhm. What
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: do they want?
SPEAKER_L: think what they're trying to do is be uh disrupting until the elections. That's
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: what I think,
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: I think they're paid agitators and it's a conspiracy theory, I might be wrong, I don't know, but it just seems like it's too over the top to be normal, like it's something more to it than what they say.
SPEAKER_R: Didn't like two people get shot out there recently.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Three or four. Yeah, like two or three people died. One guy is in the hospital saying he wants to sue the police or whatever, and one guy got shot in blood out because they kicked out the police and paramedics said you can't come in our zone, but then somebody gets shot and he's bleeding out. And the place where the police are like, it's not safe because you guys have assault rifles and you want to yeah they have assault rifles.
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: I saw it on the video and so they're like you know the paramedics they're not going to go in and get shot. So and now they're crying because somebody blood out. But when I worked at the prison there's a area in Seattle called the Central District and also there's an area called South Park and there is a lot of gang violence and all kinds of violence and this is pretty much the state has not really addressed the issues. They say they are but they don't really it's all it's a lot of bureaucracy and but I mean there's a lot of shooting all the time anyway. Not to say it's not bad but I mean I guess I don't know I mean it's good they're having media like attention on it on the problem because maybe they'll do something about the problem but I don't know it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: That's so avoid Seattle at our costs basically. Okay. That scared my husband.
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: I went out there in 2000 and 17 from a taco kirkirt.
SPEAKER_L: it's right,
SPEAKER_R: We went out my husband I went out there we flew to Seattle in 2017 from Metallica Concert. Yeah I mean we enjoyed it but I wouldn't go right now it seems it's really unsafe. That's scary.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The last few years there's been a lot of like hypodermic needles and human waste on the streets so
SPEAKER_R: Ooh
SPEAKER_L: every morning yeah the city employees got every morning and pick everything up off the floor off the ground and yeah there's lots of disease there right now. Like almost every disease you can probably imagine it comes up from California. Yeah and so a lot of you know I'm thinking you know the governor didn't care then about that problem, why is he caring now about this virus? Like yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay
SPEAKER_L: and then yesterday I saw that um the guy who's in charge of the Chaz chop whatever it is, he got a grant from the city of Seattle for $83,000 back in november
SPEAKER_R: what for what?
SPEAKER_L: he says for a restaurant, an all black restaurant or something. And I I somebody was like oh this is not true. So I looked on his facebook page and his name is raz Simone and I found I found the post on his facebook page where he says he got $83,000 from the city of Seattle. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: mm It's weird almost sounds like the mafia, you know how supposedly the mafia would make you pay for um protection? This sounds like interesting.
SPEAKER_L: that's exactly what I think it is, yep. And then where I live we have the militia out which you know I'm okay with, the militia is out to protect us from Antifa and the chief of Police told the militia to keep their rifles out of the view of the public and I'm thinking no because that makes us a target. I mean the answer if I had they have rifles. So you know.
SPEAKER_R: jeez I don't think we have a militia if we do I've seen it or heard
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: think we didn't either. But all of a sudden I heard about it. I saw it where the chief of police talked to them and I think that was wrong of him to say that because I think you know we have the right to defend ourselves.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah thank you. I wonder how much longer this is going to last. I hope it's over in at least a year
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm hoping like after the election I hope it's over.
SPEAKER_R: I hear a lot of people saying that this is gonna be done in november.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Maybe december depending on who gets elected, december are january. I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I heard that Canada won't let United States citizens in and neither europe much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I live near the Canadian border and no Canadians are allowed and I mean maybe they can go to work if they have a job or something. I'm not really sure about that. But. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: dang. I don't believe them. I probably block us two. Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay with it because the grocery store is less crowded because their groceries are expensive. So they come here and buy a groceries. Which you know I don't care. But the story gets really packed full of people sometimes. But now I can go to the grocery store and I have arthritis so I can walk around and not be in pain with like thousands of people. Mm hmm. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You need to move to the country.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I kind of live
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: out in
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the country, but it's like more and more people are moving here from Seattle so more and more crowded. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we live out in the country we probably 30 minutes from the nearest city and I mean it's quiet, I like it, it's just boring but like I said before I think boring is the new safe so I'll just stay board. I watched reruns or something and just
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what I do. I watch a lot of videos.
SPEAKER_R: now and just not get shot or caribbean.
SPEAKER_L: I think about that. I think about that when I go to the grocery star, I'm like, am I gonna get packed today?
SPEAKER_R: God that's terrible. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: And I mean also it's like because the kind of work I used to do, we would being an environment where it's very it can be very, um, like a violent aggressive environment. So that kind of messed up, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. I don't know. That sounds like a lot to deal with. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'll look forward to moving to Georgia because I think near the military base to me that would be safer. But I mean military bases get targeted also by extremist groups. So I don't know. Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: my mom's sister lives in Georgia and they lived there as God I'm 42 they lived there my whole life and they seem to enjoy it so I hope you have a good experience with it too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I look forward to it. I couldn't move there sooner.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did you have any plans that got canceled for this summer?
SPEAKER_L: No. Oh, I was going to try to move this summer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're
SPEAKER_L: What about
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna go to New Mexico because we've never been just a hang out for like five days or so. But I'm not comfortable getting on a plane. All
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I'm not. I wouldn't even drive across the United States right now. There's no way. Oh, no
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: way.
SPEAKER_R: a lot going on too much. I don't even want to go to Virginia right now. There's a lot of um I don't know the the whole statues and things like that and a lot of liberals and it's dangerous. Mhm. Walk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I saw videos about how they were taken down statues of people who freed slaves. We put in care. They're just taking down statues.
SPEAKER_R: It seems like every statue was um up for grabs now.
SPEAKER_L: It doesn't even make sense.
SPEAKER_R: No. And I mean if you think about it, people have been picking up for the past what, 34 months and there's probably a lot of pent up energy and there's nothing else to do. So here we're just gonna do what we can. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yet
SPEAKER_R: we want. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've seen job ads on craigslist and stuff too for protesters, but I think it's more like rioters.
SPEAKER_R: Yikes.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they're going to hire you as a protester but you're gonna end up rioting. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No, thank you. I'm good. I'll just take four mics surveys. Yeah. Oh my gosh I don't know anybody in my real life that does prolific besides myself.
SPEAKER_L: I don't either. I also do amazon turk.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I've heard of that but I haven't done it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I make a little bit of money on there.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. What do you have to do?
SPEAKER_L: Um, there's a lot of research for colleges and uh like some of it is like when you see a blue dot press b, when you see a red dot press are, you know, they're just like, maybe they get government grants to do research and so they'll ask you, you know, what do you think about the virus? Covid virus? I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hate
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: saying that word. Covid.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're in coronavirus, it's just weird to say it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it doesn't roll off the tongue.
SPEAKER_L: No, it doesn't.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And I'm too much of a, I would call it a nonconformist. It's like I refused to go by their rules. Yeah. I'm not going to do what they tell me to do.
SPEAKER_R: the virus. Oh
SPEAKER_L: But I think like, you know, to me, it's like I'm older so I could get away with calling it the china virus but then younger people they correct me and I'm thinking you know back in my day I wouldn't have corrected somebody older than me but kids shouting
SPEAKER_R: days are gone.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah those days are totally gone. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like my daughter she's pretty good but other people I don't know. Yeah things are different nowadays for sure,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's definitely a different world. Okay mm I'm ready for it to be post virus though.
SPEAKER_L: yep me too, I want to get a lot of people, there's a facebook page, we join in our state, it was like 100,000 people and so we're trying to, you know it's like the governor, he works for us, he's supposed to represent us and what we want is to get back to our lives and he's holding his back and he shut down unemployment for a while and and like business owners are not eligible to get unemployment because their business owners and they're having trouble getting loans and their businesses are shut down and yeah, people are not happy at all.
SPEAKER_R: I get that I get that I have a friend who has her own dance studio and she hasn't been able to open up at all and she's tried to get unemployment or a business loan twice now and has been denied, so I don't know what she was going to do and I feel for her and on
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: his
SPEAKER_L: horrible.
SPEAKER_R: farm, I don't
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: know how
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: horrible.
SPEAKER_R: moving. I did hear there might be another round of stimulus checks coming. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I heard that too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And then somebody said we're going to get one every month for the next six months or so. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: that would be nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know what's going to happen.
SPEAKER_L: That would
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: be real nice. Yeah, I encourage people to like apply for um, like food stamps or whatever because a lot of people are so broke right now and,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like, you know, we pay into that, so now it's time for us to get something out of it.
SPEAKER_R: that's true and unemployment comes out of, you know your um yeah, I'm just trying to say you're oh my gosh, what is the hard unemployment
SPEAKER_L: I know what you mean.
SPEAKER_R: or um uh contributions, jeez, I mean you should be able to get it anyway because it's yours.
SPEAKER_L: right. In our unemployment system, the governor says it got scammed by Nigerians.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like they still millions of of dollars and
SPEAKER_R: word.
SPEAKER_L: now it was shut down for a while and people weren't able to get money, their unemployment benefits and even the $600 from this federal government, they weren't even getting that.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So we're thinking like what is the, what's wrong with them? That they can't have a secure, you know, being going where it's safe from internet hackers or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Doesn't seem? That's
SPEAKER_L: And we're like, you know, is the governor in on this? You know, what's going on?
SPEAKER_R: thank you. All being lied to.
SPEAKER_L: I think so. Yeah, a lot of people are like, no, this doesn't even sound right.
SPEAKER_R: uh it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: You know, I'm worried about my state retirement because it's, my state's going broke because, you know, business owners are not paying into their taxes. Well, I guess they're supposed to be paying their taxes, but they're like, how can we pay our taxes when we're not getting when we can't open our business?
SPEAKER_R: yep, I feel you get that to my state is five billion in the whole, I don't know how how this is gonna work and I saw were in Georgia, teachers were gonna get a pay cut in Oregon teachers, we're going to get a pay cut, they probably pay cuts across all 50 states, that's what I'm doing, I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: heard that. Yeah, I read that to the state employees were getting furloughed
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_L: anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: we're across the United States are set to lose 300,000 teachers, maybe more. Yeah, they'll lose a lot more if they make you go back in the classroom, because that's it's just mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A lot of people around here talking about home schooling their kids. Because to me, if you make kids, I'll be separate from each other to me in a worst case scenario that could make them vulnerable to being abused. Like if Children are by themselves alone to me, that's just, I don't know, my grandma grew up in an orphanage and she told me a lot of stories about, you know, going to live with farm families and you know, the dad wanted to like molest her and she was like 12 years old and she didn't know what it was about because she grew she was in the orphanage, they didn't talk about that kind of stuff. And yeah, I just remember all these stories she used to tell me and I'm like, wow, this is the whole thing just, it drives me crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure the domestic violence cases have gone up.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, and the suicide,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I bet I can see that. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: And the media won't talk about any of those things, I haven't heard anything.
SPEAKER_R: mhm Humans weren't meant to be this separated from each other. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of an introvert so I'm okay with it. But what really ticks me off is I wanted to move to Georgia this summer. Well
SPEAKER_R: the only way you could rent a car and drive,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I thought about that, I thought about that,
SPEAKER_R: that's why you're safest option
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: maybe.
SPEAKER_L: thought about that. Yeah because uh I was looking at U haul, I can have like I got rid of a lot of stuff because I've been rehabilitating mobile homes for like three or four years now, so I just really super downsized so I could I had a lot of stuff in one of those U haul boxes, it's called au box I guess.
SPEAKER_R: They want
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, so I don't know, I'll think about it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: wait till it gets a little cooler though because I'm gonna tell you one thing in the south is hot
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's what my daughter told me,
SPEAKER_R: already
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: sort of like wait for october
SPEAKER_R: she's got a point and even more it'll still be warm. We don't we don't have to wear coats down here until about november december. If then I don't know. It depends on how much you can take. I guess it's really hot right now and during july it's worse. Yeah. Mm
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it has not been hot here and somebody said they're spraying stuff in the air and I'm like, I don't know maybe.
SPEAKER_R: We're supposed to get
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that Sahara desert dust storm coming our way soon. Yeah. I wonder what you lined august will bring because it seems like every month we had something crazy going on. The murder hornets disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I was like what we thought about
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I know it's like are they making this up is a real thing you know? It's like it's hard to tell what's real nowadays, like
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: what's real and what, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: we're living in 1984. The book.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, exactly. Yes, we are. People keep saying that totally.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. History gets rewritten every single day. You don't know what's true and what's false. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, yep.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I just want to wake up every night I go to bed and I think maybe tomorrow I'll wake up and there'll be a treatment. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Well they have that, what is it, hydroxychloroquine or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that one's them and a proven ineffective. That one's off the table now. It's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: another
SPEAKER_L: bad.
SPEAKER_R: one. Yeah. It begins with an R. I can't think of what what it is, but.
SPEAKER_L: because I know the military uses it then. I'm thinking well if you're gonna die anyway you might as well try whatever you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: have figured out. Go ahead. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I was just thinking, I mean if the virus has been here since january I'm sure like I was really sick in february. So yeah. Anyway.
SPEAKER_R: You can put your blood, get an antibody test for free.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I could do that. I get
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: hypoglycemic though. Would they allow, would they let me donate blood?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I would call and ask. Then it might be worth just to know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Because I know they're also, um, they want plasma. They want people to do the plasma thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think people they they're needing blood real bad right now. So something about and you'll get working like a week. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want my governor to have any more positive tests because I'll then I'll say, oh no, we're shut down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I don't think our economy could take another shutdown where I live.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I think we shut down again. We're toast. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where I live, there's a lot of people in the tech industry, like, so that's pretty much, I mean that's a lot of the economy right around here. And if it wasn't for the tech industry, we would be really bad right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was gonna I was thinking a lot of them can probably work from home and they can,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A lot of, yeah. So what grades of school do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: Right now I do third grade, but I've taught second through fifth. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's a good age. I used to like the middle school kids because it's like, there's still kind of kids, but there and they say funny things because it's like they're almost adults that, you know what I mean? Like, Oh my gosh, they crack
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: me up sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: they can dish it out and they can take it to, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: I understand where you're coming from. Well,
SPEAKER_L: I worked at in school for a little while, but um, I was just to burn out. I couldn't do it anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I get that. I've got 10 more years and then I'm done. And actually I'm thinking, well, it might be none because one year with and I have 100 and 86 days. It must eat. I can do, I can take 186 days and get paid a year. So I might just do that. That's my plan.
SPEAKER_L: that's my dad did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, best of luck to you.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you too.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you have an enjoyable weekend.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I just feel blessed that I already downsized and I don't have expenses like other people do. So, I mean it was hard doing it like the downsizing, but
SPEAKER_R: in room.
SPEAKER_L: I just feel blessed that I already went through all that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're definitely off on the right foot. But you just get to Georgia, you'll be good to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I can't wait.
SPEAKER_R: Well, good luck.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_R: They're safe.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, you too.