Hey, Hey, how are you?
Good. You do anything good today?
Um Same old, same old kind of boring right now. Yeah,
A lot of people,
Yeah, boring. Is the new safe, I guess at least. That's what I've been told.
Yeah, I'm a schoolteacher. We just finished for the year. About a week ago. Yeah,
that was crazy.
Yeah.
Well,
well,
I can understand that.
Yeah, I get that too. Yeah, I'm trying to I don't know, reading a lot of articles about next year and what it's gonna look like and argument so far has come out with like three plans, what is supposed to be um what is it in school full time? Like nothing is happening in the second plan is like a hybrid of in school versus um like remote learning and then the third option is straight up remote learning, so let's see what happens.
That's what I was thinking. Um Yeah, I know of five that have retired already, but I don't know if, I think if I could go out, I'm 42 I probably would as well. This will be my 20th year coming up. I just don't think they have to go back. I know it, but
Yeah, I get that. So do you work now, like, do you have a new job since you're done with teaching?
I don't know. I'm no, I'm a mentor teacher and my Bt is dying to get back in there in august and she's only like, what, 23? And I'm like, you're crazy,
it's gonna be a Petri dish. I mean, we all have kids whose parents um you know, we'll slip them to Tylenol to bring their fever down and then send them to school anyway. I can only imagine what this is going to look like and I know online learning is not the best, but what happens when a teacher gets it from my kid and it kills them, or a teacher gives it to a kid or you know, and they go home and infect grandma and granddad or whomever, that's just
and
so
Oh you're
lucky.
No, it's just getting ramped up here.
wow. Yeah, our cases are going up every day,
you don't,
do you think it's a hopes
like sensationalize it? Okay. Got you.
I don't know.
our cases keep going up, but yet, and
the bars like we have a lot of bars downtown, a lot of young people are there and they're not, you know, doing what they're supposed to be doing. I don't know. It is a very scary time I think. Yeah, there's a lot
more.
No, I'm done.
What?
I'm worried about my grandmother getting it because she's she'll be 95 in september and she's an assisted living home and nobody can get in to see her or anything and she actually broke her nose two weeks ago trying to get out of her bed. She didn't pull the little wrote for assistance she tried to do it on her own and now you know they had to rush her to the hospital and I don't know what's going on because we haven't been able to see her a
certain
I'm worried about it. I don't want her to catch it though. If somebody were to go in there and be infected they spread it. I worry for her.
yeah
look why
and
oh my gosh. Uh huh I haven't heard
that. That's crazy.
Or
probably not because I know people would go nuts mm.
Well
What? Oh my gosh you
that's crazy
mm That's
weird.
Probably I'm sure all the time. Yeah. Um what are your thoughts on the vaccines that might be coming out
I get my flu shot every year. I've only had the flu twice and I just laid on the floor and prayed for death because it was horrible. True.
And
yeah they heard a rumor that if you um go get tested for Covid and you've had the flu shot you'll test positive. I I got the flu shot and then I donated blood two weeks ago and I was negative.
Yeah I didn't have any antibodies or anything and I was actually secretly hoping for some antibodies because I wouldn't feel as vulnerable. Yeah
but no I didn't have anything. Yeah.
Yes I guess I'll try again in august and when um I can donate again and see what happens. Yeah for the most part we're just staying home.
Mhm. Yeah. What are you thinking of moving just east coast or?
Okay. Yeah it's pretty
The
movement.
Mhm. Mhm. I wouldn't get on an airplane right now.
It's not the past thing
that the chairs thing.
What
I read about the Chaz thing and they the people there had taken over six blocks and we're urging people to get in. Is that right?
What's the reasoning? Mhm. What
do they want?
No
that makes sense.
Didn't like two people get shot out there recently.
Who?
That's so avoid Seattle at our costs basically. Okay. That scared my husband.
I went out there in 2000 and 17 from a taco kirkirt.
We went out my husband I went out there we flew to Seattle in 2017 from Metallica Concert. Yeah I mean we enjoyed it but I wouldn't go right now it seems it's really unsafe. That's scary.
Ooh
Okay
what for what?
mm It's weird almost sounds like the mafia, you know how supposedly the mafia would make you pay for um protection? This sounds like interesting.
jeez I don't think we have a militia if we do I've seen it or heard
of
it.
Yeah thank you. I wonder how much longer this is going to last. I hope it's over in at least a year
I hear a lot of people saying that this is gonna be done in november.
and I heard that Canada won't let United States citizens in and neither europe much.
dang. I don't believe them. I probably block us two. Yeah. I don't know.
You need to move to the country.
What?
What?
yeah we live out in the country we probably 30 minutes from the nearest city and I mean it's quiet, I like it, it's just boring but like I said before I think boring is the new safe so I'll just stay board. I watched reruns or something and just
now and just not get shot or caribbean.
God that's terrible. Mm.
Yeah. Right. I don't know. That sounds like a lot to deal with. Mm.
my mom's sister lives in Georgia and they lived there as God I'm 42 they lived there my whole life and they seem to enjoy it so I hope you have a good experience with it too.
Yeah. Did you have any plans that got canceled for this summer?
Yeah. We're
gonna
we're gonna go to New Mexico because we've never been just a hang out for like five days or so. But I'm not comfortable getting on a plane. All
Just
a lot going on too much. I don't even want to go to Virginia right now. There's a lot of um I don't know the the whole statues and things like that and a lot of liberals and it's dangerous. Mhm. Walk.
It seems like every statue was um up for grabs now.
No. And I mean if you think about it, people have been picking up for the past what, 34 months and there's probably a lot of pent up energy and there's nothing else to do. So here we're just gonna do what we can. No,
we want. I don't know.
Yikes.
No, thank you. I'm good. I'll just take four mics surveys. Yeah. Oh my gosh I don't know anybody in my real life that does prolific besides myself.
Okay I've heard of that but I haven't done it,
that's good. What do you have to do?
I
know.
Yeah, we're in coronavirus, it's just weird to say it's
true.
Yeah it doesn't roll off the tongue.
No.
the virus. Oh
days are gone.
Yeah those days are totally gone. Oh yeah.
Yeah it's definitely a different world. Okay mm I'm ready for it to be post virus though.
I get that I get that I have a friend who has her own dance studio and she hasn't been able to open up at all and she's tried to get unemployment or a business loan twice now and has been denied, so I don't know what she was going to do and I feel for her and on
his
farm, I don't
know how
she's
moving. I did hear there might be another round of stimulus checks coming. I don't know.
And then somebody said we're going to get one every month for the next six months or so. I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know what's going to happen.
No.
Thank you. Yeah,
that's true and unemployment comes out of, you know your um yeah, I'm just trying to say you're oh my gosh, what is the hard unemployment
or um uh contributions, jeez, I mean you should be able to get it anyway because it's yours.
What? Yeah.
word.
What?
Doesn't seem? That's
thank you. All being lied to.
uh it doesn't
yep, I feel you get that to my state is five billion in the whole, I don't know how how this is gonna work and I saw were in Georgia, teachers were gonna get a pay cut in Oregon teachers, we're going to get a pay cut, they probably pay cuts across all 50 states, that's what I'm doing, I don't
know.
Yeah, I think
we're across the United States are set to lose 300,000 teachers, maybe more. Yeah, they'll lose a lot more if they make you go back in the classroom, because that's it's just mhm
Yeah, I'm sure the domestic violence cases have gone up.
Oh yeah, I bet I can see that. Uh huh
mhm Humans weren't meant to be this separated from each other. Yeah,
the only way you could rent a car and drive,
that's why you're safest option
maybe.
They want
wait till it gets a little cooler though because I'm gonna tell you one thing in the south is hot
already
is
she's got a point and even more it'll still be warm. We don't we don't have to wear coats down here until about november december. If then I don't know. It depends on how much you can take. I guess it's really hot right now and during july it's worse. Yeah. Mm
We're supposed to get
that Sahara desert dust storm coming our way soon. Yeah. I wonder what you lined august will bring because it seems like every month we had something crazy going on. The murder hornets disappeared.
I don't know
what
we're living in 1984. The book.
Yeah. History gets rewritten every single day. You don't know what's true and what's false. Yeah.
I don't know. I just want to wake up every night I go to bed and I think maybe tomorrow I'll wake up and there'll be a treatment. Well,
yeah, that one's them and a proven ineffective. That one's off the table now. It's
another
one. Yeah. It begins with an R. I can't think of what what it is, but.
have figured out. Go ahead. Sorry.
You can put your blood, get an antibody test for free.
And
I don't know. I would call and ask. Then it might be worth just to know.
Yeah. I think people they they're needing blood real bad right now. So something about and you'll get working like a week. I don't know.
Yeah. Um I don't think our economy could take another shutdown where I live.
I think we shut down again. We're toast. Uh huh.
Yeah. I was gonna I was thinking a lot of them can probably work from home and they can,
Right now I do third grade, but I've taught second through fifth. Mm hmm.
like
they can dish it out and they can take it to, Yeah,
I understand where you're coming from. Well,
yeah, I get that. I've got 10 more years and then I'm done. And actually I'm thinking, well, it might be none because one year with and I have 100 and 86 days. It must eat. I can do, I can take 186 days and get paid a year. So I might just do that. That's my plan.
Yeah. Well, best of luck to you.
I hope you have an enjoyable weekend.
in room.
Yeah. You're definitely off on the right foot. But you just get to Georgia, you'll be good to go.
Well, good luck.
They're safe.