Oh world, I hear you kid, That's great. Yeah. All of yeah, I yeah, walk up. Okay. Uh One of the rescues lost a riverboat bra. Uh huh. Yes, yeah, Yeah.
The movie. How are you doing today?
My name is Kai
You know, frequent,
I'm as good as it can be for monday and you know, that's, that's like that's like drinking a couple of flavored bleach. It's it's still brutes. Yeah. Okay.
Okay, what can you do?
Hopefully. So hopefully, so, so
where are you located?
I'm I'm in um pretty close, I'm in new york, so it's not far from you.
Portuguese places, definitely. I mean it's 10 years, it's been a while, so I'm quite sure it's probably, I wouldn't it's probably a lot different though, I mean it's it's driving and everything now so it's
probably
lot
more. It's um it's definitely I would say um yeah, it's definitely expanded a lot because for a while it was just you know, maybe a mile mile and a half, but it's probably like three or four miles and it's out some more too. So um we
go we
go here. Mhm.
I didn't
hear
because I mean yeah because it means the businesses are thriving and you know it's their own little community so as that gets bigger, that's their community and everything getting bigger I would think and
they have
a lot of the shops and you know they have a lot of um you know main main main mainstream stores and stuff like that before. They used to have just mostly you know, community stores and stuff like that which they do, they still have a lot of those, but they also sprinkled a few, you know, mainstream stores in there as well
pretty
That's cool with it,
I
don't know
what
you're talking because it's coming back. Unfortunately,
reason
this is
true.
But I think, I think the second wave is going to come more so because the people who were paying much attention to it before, when it was like really bad and then
as soon as any type of restrictions were lifted, they went back to being crazy. So, and like, so I knew it was like, I'm more in agreeance with you. I don't think it's a second wave. I think it's the first wave just coming back because it's a virus, It's not going anywhere.
Not all of them. All,
of course. And one of the things that bothers you a lot is people who get offended, like, you know, like I might have my mask down a little bit if I'm like somewhere where I'm not around a lot of people, but if someone starts coming anywhere in my vicinity, I put my mask on and had a young lady, I don't know why you put your mask on. I'm not going to give you anything. I'm like, how do you know what I don't have?
That's how
it's supposed
to be.
And then like, it was cool though because I think I really legitimately saw a light bulb pop over and so hopefully she went home with some, with the way to do things, you know, don't look at it as from your perspective.
good.
and
that's
right. And, and like that, you know, when, when it first was being discussed and everything, that's, that was the main thing that stuck in my head. You know, you're not only protecting yourself, you're protecting mothers. I'm like, okay, that's what we do, because that's how we'll get rid of it. As you said, it's practical thinking and unfortunately practical and common sense aren't that common.
Not at all.
definitely. The disaster is definitely amongst us. And as you said, you don't have you don't have to have a particular political leading you political leaning, you just it's like you're not supposed to do that. You know, it doesn't matter if they were crowded, Republican libertarian, whatever, you're just not supposed to do that. And then
you
had,
you
know
them. And then remember when it was like, not too long when he had what was it in? Um I want to say it was in Tulsa Oklahoma when he had the thing and then all his people were sitting with them and they didn't have a mask. Like three of them died. Since then. Like you you shouldn't have to be be over the head to believe in science. I mean it's it is what it is therefore it's not gonna affect. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. Wasn't work.
I mean even if you if that isn't your thing, you have to put forth the guys of you know this is what you should do. I'll do it any time you see me, I might not do it, you know? But I'll do it every time you see me because this is what you should be doing as well.
that's
That hazmat
suit or something.
Good
deal
good deal
hopefully. So bro,
I was I was a little smoke though because I was actually one of the first people to um to do the mail in. And then we hear a few days later about the guy with the truck or the mail guy who had like a whole bunch of balance and stuff and
he tried
this whole,
oh boy, you know what, I'm just like I said by the early Earl five was in there, but I
think it was somewhere down, I think it was South Jersey. I'm not your story
pull them. I'll
definitely look the product
who
I
got
to get
out of the yeah, because
it
Hello?
Course.
it should matter and it's it's um it's something that you should exercise. I mean, I mean, I've been a pretty big advocate for people voting for quite some time because I've always told people, you can't just come out in droves to, you know, the for the big elections, you have to every one of those elections because those have as much to do with who gets up at the top is anything that's
To
control
all those people, you got to exercise your right to vote every time you have it because if you didn't have it, you have to complain about what you
mean.
I can't
vote,
What do you mean? I can't well, you know, you've been voting, why do you want to vote now? Because but that that's our society as a whole, as soon as you're told you can or can't do something, we're gonna unpractical people will do the opposite
and
it's right here, bro. Two weeks from tomorrow. That's great.
favorite thing um Well, one of my favorite things that came out of um the Covid was one of the, someone said that ever since the Covid hit every day has been blurs day. I love that.
I like that. Ever since the corporate
head every day has been blurred today, Which is true bro. It it spend it seems to have been creeping along so slowly and then all of a sudden it was july, it was like the individual days were slow, but somehow the whole passage of time in itself is fast, it was great. It
was
I'll
smoke
linger.
The only thing I'm not mad about is I don't think we can get 2020 out of here fast enough bro. So the
thought
he hasn't been going to be best for a lot of people. Mhm.
because if it goes another way it will be just the continuation of blurred today.
I don't think it will be either, but we were hoping for the best and like I said, I encourage everyone I know like you know vote like because we're gonna have each one of the past three presidential elections when they elected Obama, when they elected trump both of those who due to the highs ever voter turnout. And that was uh so we're gonna need we're gonna need one more higher turnout than the last two we've had. You just
got
correct.
You
know,
take
advantage of your right, you know, don't just
they don't
just say well he's gonna win anyway or they're going to win anyway, so I'm like no you don't know because it made, if it's enough of you people that think that to actually vote, it may make a big difference, it can make a big
and if those millions of each one of them can get their mind frame in the correct way, then that would make a big difference.
That's awesome.
Glad
to meet
you too. And it's awesome chap.
It does nothing like good old summertime weather in late october huh.
There's these
weather is the worst our weather is the worst.
And
you
have a lot of like internal weather stuff, tornadoes and stuff like that as well so. Right.
look
it's
trouble.
Yeah. What do you what do you use that on? Is that when a regular No no not that type of drill exercise type of drill.
Good. The roof of the schools called But I'm under this desk.
All
That's crazy
I mean but what else is there to do honestly? You know?
it is funny if you think about it like wait a minute this 20 opening up this whole school but I'm cool under this desk. Good stuff. I'm
good. Oh yeah it's crazy thanks. We're
part of Canada's deliver
Lawrence.
Guys,
it's
I would like
giving
you some of my height bro, I was 64 from now. I'm 64 I wasn't integrated basketball. I would love to have donated some of my height that other people would have gotten a
better
job
out
of the
truck,
got to hook you right on up. So uh
right on up and all I get out of being told most is the ability to see how many things I can knock my head up against during the course
of the right now. That about it, that's the bottom
mark.
There's car door tomorrow might be the cabinet, It's fun, keeps you on your toes. Mhm.
There
is almost gonna put me on my back. Yes.
About the fact it's terrible.
Ah boy, No, I'm pretty big football friend, even though it's hard to be nowadays, but we,
we,
it wouldn't matter right now, but now I'm a
giant but it well,
let me
see.
We got no, we got our first nine loss, we didn't win that
game. Riverboat,
Ron gave us that game. Hey, let's go.
What are you going to go ahead and go straight to them? I'm like, people go for to go for two because you're not gonna get it, we'll get a win or a non loss.
We'll be the non
hearts today.
That's
when we're in love
check with his work. So y'all todd didn't know we didn't try either. So you want, oh, we didn't move. Mhm
Because because because dave Danny dimes was trying to give it to you all. Mm I
was telling my buddy, I'm like, he's gonna find a way and like, I'm like, what you have to do appreciate is how creative the interception was. It took him a while and getting out of his system. You had to like the level of of where he went to do that. You know
I mean
it wasn't
it
was a
joke,
it
wasn't it wasn't a dime store interception, you know it was all in the quarter, end zone, druggie street and everything was spectacular. It's still an interception.
Hey
dad,
this is the only place he could catch you any card. It was really facing catching, he caught it. Good job there Danny. But we got off the schneid but yeah yeah. Mhm
I did.
All
suffering
friend bro, you get it correct? I'm long, hopefully I'm not a bang rak. Mhm Uh huh.
Wait
we're not getting cut out this game.
You know,
you know you know
it's difficult to hear just how down some dude like I mean I would probably be too but I'm more of a fan and a fanatic so I don't go overboard. It bothers me. But my day would have been one if I would have been the type of person overreacting stuff like that. I'd be all right anyway because by now I'd be nothing to. It gives me a little bit of time to get used to it so I'd still be okay. Mhm.
Um.
Of,
I don't know either because it was hilarious because like oh he's about to be the M. V. P. We might move your head in the stands, the rust and then he goes out here and I'm like you know obviously I've seen the games he played in before that but you know what I mean? I'm like, this is the dude you were talking about because he must have thought it was like 13 people on his team because he kept throwing it to the buccaneers. So I
guess
two
of
them must
have had all, He must have just looked at the number and then look at the jersey color over. Well that's no, that's number 35 but he's, he has a buccaneer uniform or oh,
I was going into the number. That's my bad. Yeah,
I was just throwing the numbers. I wasn't paying attention to uniform colors. I thought
that was something doing
and
come
back.
It
got out of hand
real fast.
I didn't watch it too much. Um, I'm like, I need, I need my rest. So I'm not going to be stated that cool thing for you today. You got a monday night on pretty much in the middle of the afternoon today,
expect
both of five o'clock. Yeah. That's crazy.
That's cool.
All right. Pretty
much
pretty
much, you know. Yeah, pretty much for the fallen tents and purposes, as with any other um, you know, champion from the previous season. They're going to get every team's best game. Yeah.
Every
every
team
is going to give them the best game that they got on them and then in them for that season and then, you know, everybody, you know that a little bit of variants can make a big difference in the outcome of the games. But um, he's awesome. So I don't see him being in any right for too long because he's just,
excuse
me.
He's an
incredible,
it's awesome.
It's
what
you
Chiefs
fans deserve that for that long suffering
from
Lupron. You deserve the patty Mahomes.
I mean it's about tom you guys deserve that patty moons
and
everything
bro. Uh
like my
Yankees
got out of here unfortunately.
Yeah. The devil's never got started to share in the next. Yeah. You
don't even talk about the next. Yeah. Mhm.
about the pickle.
those were the days. Yeah.
56
again. Dammit Charles smith, you million 16 bro. What are you going? Yeah
Step we one of those situations where it can only get better. It's not too many basements below the basement. All
I hope you guys don't create a sub basement. That's too much what
it was awesome talking to you buddy.
You didn't say bro.
Take it easy bro.