Hey, how you doing, man?
I'm well, I'm Ian how are you
talk any time?
How are you this fine, monday morning?
I like your attitude, man. Um
Yeah, this is uh this is the second one of these that I've done. The first one didn't go so smoothly, but uh, I have a feeling this was going to go much better.
so
uh, I'm in Central New Jersey. How about you?
Okay. All right, cool. Um yeah, I don't know, it's a little bit, I used to go through the past station all the time on the way to work, so. And uh, my buddy used to live in ironbound, um, lots of restaurants down there. I've been uh, been eating around there for at least 10, 12 years, so I don't know what it's like now, but uh yeah, but I mean we used to love going down there uh, Iberian Peninsula, like all those uh, like the Brazilian steak houses, things like that, stuff for the Portuguese places.
Good.
Good to hear
it.
Is that
thing?
Is that
thing?
Sorry? Is that a good thing?
Good
to hear.
Right. Right, cool, cool. I'm uh I'm in basking Ridge, which is uh maybe 2025 minutes west. You drive down
78. Yeah.
Uh Yeah. All right. So how are you holding up during this corona madness? Mhm. Uh huh.
Doing the best
you
can.
Yeah, I know, I know
it's everyone's talking about the second wave and everything, but I don't think it ever really went away,
you
know,
and
right until we have a vaccine, until people do the right thing. Um You know, I've seen a lot of what you're describing to, it's like as soon as any sort of restrictions are lifted, they're going crazy, right? It's as if nothing's going on and that's not going to help anybody.
Yeah, it doesn't make sense. But I mean, I guess you're you're a practical person and your ballistic and I'd like to believe that I am too. It's just, you know, until everybody thinks the way that we do, it's gonna be challenging to overcome this.
Right. So, I'm trying to protect you too. It's not just me protecting myself.
I'm trying
to help other
people.
Right. Right. Well, good. Good for you. Hopefully, hopefully that light bulb did go off. But, uh,
you know, it's I I respect people's opinions on things, but when you're trying to do the right thing to help other people out, it's not about you anymore. So, um,
and that's
I think a lot of people are failing to see that. Yeah.
It's unfortunate, especially uh you know, because you look at the leadership, right? At the federal level, that's certainly not helping.
you know, regardless of where you fall on the political spectrum, you need good leadership from the top, otherwise it's going to be a disaster and I think we've seen that come to play here.
I
think
that's
the
thing,
Yeah, it's pretty bad. And then so not only Tulsa, but then he continued to do that in other places with these rallies and even even after catching it himself. All right, so it's uh pretty, pretty insane. Uh
Right, Right. It's not it's really not that hard either, right? Like people are saying it's, you know, infringing on their freedoms and all that stuff, you're just putting a mask on my
friends like that, that's it, It's really not that big of a deal, you know, I'm not asking to lock yourself up and you know where these like crazy scuba gear things or whatever it
Well,
right, right. Uh So I don't know man, I really don't um on on that note, um I did uh drop off my vote the other day last week, so
I'm pretty
happy about that. Hopefully,
you know, if we get out in enough numbers we can make a difference here and
yeah get our country back to where it needs to be or it should be.
couple
100 or 1000
whatever just yeah.
So
yeah, there is a place online where you can check to make sure that they received it too,
so
Yeah, one of my friends told me about that. If you just search for the uh I think it's on the New Jersey voting website, um
you just put in your either your voter I. D. Or your license driver's license number and it'll tell you the status whether it was received when it was received, if it was processed, all that stuff. So give you a little
bit
of peace
of month.
I mean
it's very discouraging and I think that's what some people
want is to discourage people, right? Like not knowing
whether or not the effort that you made to vote even matters, but it does matter. So.
100%. Right. Uh I mean, you look at some of the uh the question of activities that are going on in the Senate right now, it's because of uh one side being the majority, right? So to your point, like it does make a difference at every single level, and your local mayor, that's that he or she is going to be the one that goes to the next level and the next level,
and
kind of you.
I
couldn't
agree with
you more.
you're right, Right. What do you mean I have to do this or I can't do this?
Uh Yeah, so, I mean that's that's part of the root problem here, too, it's not just the politicians, but these politicians are being put in power by people who don't care or don't care to understand all that's involved and they don't get involved, so, yeah, it's challenging, but uh I guess uh you know, we'll see what happens in a couple weeks, uh fingers crossed, man.
Yeah, I know, again, I can't believe it. Um you know, it's been a challenging year for sure, but there's a lot of the line in in two weeks of the day. Oh, man. Mhm.
I haven't heard that, that's pretty good,
and
and now
now, yeah, now it's november who
was
july
yesterday, It is november, basically,
I'm
just
yeah, so you know, if things go well in a couple weeks, then we can end 2020 in a good way and start 2021 in a better way. That's
yeah, and it will get even worse, I'm trying to think of some other words beyond blur. Uh and I'm not sure I should be repeating them, but it's gonna get worse. If that happens then it's not gonna be pretty,
I
mean, I'm seeing encouraging numbers, yeah, you're seeing early, early voting is higher than it's ever been. Um But it could be a little bit misleading because the early turnout is people that are 100 they were going to vote anyways. Right?
So hopefully we'll get the people that, you know, the first time voters or the people that have been on the fence and and didn't know who to vote for the past actually come out and cast their votes. I'm not going
to
tell you who to vote for, but you should cast a vote, like the right
thing to do.
So
you
I had I have a close friend who thinks like that is like, oh my one vote doesn't make a difference in like we we had an argument for hours over this and like if everybody felt the way that you do, then you're right, it wouldn't matter. But it's the power of the collective votes is like, you have to go out and do what you can, you can't tell millions of other people to vote. You can't force them to vote, but you can make that decision for yourself, but
Right. Right. So, well, uh, this is a good start to the conversation. Uh,
yeah, I'm glad I met you task a good
good
shot.
So, uh, this week the weather is going to be nice. We got that going for us.
that won't see That's crazy, too right.
But
I mean, I was I was born and raised in Kansas, all right. So I moved to New Jersey when I was 11. Now, let me tell you about the first um, this is a long time ago obviously, but in the winter it would get to like 10 below in the summers it would get 210. So, uh, yeah. So you don't have it that bad here. It's not the greatest, don't get me wrong, but it can always be worse. That's, that's how
I see
it.
In grade school we used to do like tornado drills. Like, I don't know if they ever had him in, in Jersey, but um, you know, I asked my friends
here like they're like, what are you talking about
tornado drill? What do without
that?
Right. And the best thing is they would tell us to get under our desks like that would make a difference in a tornado. Right,
So I'll be okay. I'll
be just fine. Oh
man.
I mean, I guess in fairness, like what else could we have done? Like that's, it's something right. At least at least they tried.
This desk, it's lighter than I am, but it will protect
So,
uh Lawrence, so both
my parents were students at the University of Kansas, so it was about half an hour of Kansas city. So that, that part of Kansas isn't what everybody else pictures, you know, just flat farmlands and everything. But you go outside of that immediate area and it's exactly what you think of. Um, just nothing but like going west there towards Colorado. It's just well that nothing farmland. Uh, I didn't see that part of the state too much thankfully. But you know, Lawrence is like, it's like any other college town, right? Um, not as much like not as much like Rutgers, Newark, but maybe Rutgers, new Brunswick or
Rutgers scattered like just the college town. Um, so it wasn't it wasn't that bad. There wasn't much to do though. Um You know I did was play basketball all day long and then uh I love basketball man and then I stopped growing and that
was it for my basketball career. Oh. Uh
it was
it's like
If I met
you
30 years ago
I met
you
30 years ago we could we could have traded.
That's
No.
that's
funny.
you gotta stay off your toes. You got
to stay low.
That's funny.
Yeah. So what else is going on? Sad
You're
not a Jets fan, are you?
huh.
Hey
they
want
good
good play.
Good point.
Not
much.
Okay. That's a good way to put it. That's
hilarious
here.
That's funny.
Well
he
had
to do a lot of, a lot of
homework,
of
film study to get
that right.
He, he read the defense and threw
it in just the right
place.
but listen, at least you've had a couple of super bowls in your lifetime, you know, you watch them. Yeah.
All right. Like I was a chief's fan and you know, people that don't know me, they're like without the background, but I told you being from Kansas, um, like, oh bandwagon fan over here, like no, you don't understand like I suffered through
my whole
lifetime.
I mean, I want some garbage garbage
use for years under marty schottenheimer like they scroll like three points and be high five and for a game like you kick a field goal. Yes, Yes, we're going the right way.
Yeah, exactly. Oh, I celebrated that a lot. Um So but yeah, I mean the Giants will turn it around and you know, I don't root against Giants or Jets like I want both teams to do well, you know, unless they're playing my team, but like you don't want to see anybody like downtrodden
and just
no.
Yeah. Uh
But yeah, I mean I love football though, I just love watching, although yesterday, I don't know if you're watching yesterday afternoon, but the second set of games, the four o'clock games, they were both hard to watch. I mean,
well the Jet was the Jets dolphins, right? And it was over before it started. Uh And the pack and the books like that got out of control pretty early too. I don't know what happened. Aaron Rodgers.
That
one
pick
six
was
Oh.
my God.
I mean
I mean
he could have been
thrown to
a spot. Yeah it was pretty bad
and I
didn't
yeah. Yeah. Um I didn't want to want to last night's game either The Niners and the Rams but
Yeah I think it's
at five o'clock.
Yeah. Yeah we get wrapped up early and get ready to watch that game so
we'll see. But yeah my home has been having kind of a tough season two you know he definitely hasn't been looking like himself the last couple of years but hopefully you can start turning that around. I mean it's not easy like if teams are just they're gearing up to stop you
it's
not going
to be
that's just the way it is. You got
to get ready
for
it.
well he's got, he's
got the
right attitude to, he's got
great
attitude.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so
we'll see how
that
can
you go.
Thanks
buddy. I appreciate that.
Thanks man.
Yeah, yeah, it hasn't won. And the Royals one, I don't know if you're in a base blown up, but the Royals won
in
2015
so that, that was a good feeling, but yeah, so
it
worked.
Yeah, I'm a Yankees, I'm a Yankees fan to the I man, I need a couple hours to tell you about all my issues with, they've done Oh shit,
uh and yeah, I'm a lifelong,
yeah, I'm going to expand to, there was the Kansas city Kings were in Kansas city when I was really young and then they moved out of there, they went to Seattle. Um so I moved to New Jersey and became a knicks man. So I've been struggling with that ever since. Two uh Charles
smith Charles smith get rejected like five times underneath the basket. Oh God I'm sorry to bring these things up. Oh man. Right.
wow we made we did 25
minutes ready to,
it's 6 10 playing like 5 10. Uh Uh huh. Uh Yeah
Right. Right. Yeah hopefully that's it that's it hopefully
yeah yeah but Todd it was great talking with you my man. Um
Yeah stay safe and be good. All right
all right take it easy man.