SPEAKER_L: quick. You could see me okay, can you make it better? Oh, I see. I'm not sure if I am a baby. Yeah, do not disturb. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Bye. Oh yeah. All right, okay. What? Thank you. Hello.
SPEAKER_R: How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: It's going okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know what you mean,
SPEAKER_L: I was like, how Randall does this?
SPEAKER_R: I think yeah. You know what I was I was nervous about doing this. I was like the past couple of times two. I was I was scheduled earlier in the week first but didn't show up so I was like maybe it's not going to happen. So I had time to like doubt myself to the, I was like maybe it's just by a screen, go through it, but who knows?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. I'm like, yeah, I was nervous to, I'm not that good at chatting and stuff, so I was like, what are we going to talk about? It doesn't even give you know directions or nothing, it just says has to be for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: gonna be I think we'll be alright. I promise. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: where are you located or what state?
SPEAKER_R: I'm I'm in Illinois like around Chicago. Like uh hurt the suburbs. It's pretty much like the middle of nowhere, but it's like close enough to Chicago where you can tell
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: people that and you really get away with it. But like if it's someone coming away then they're going to grill you a little further and be like, okay, because they
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: that many times.
SPEAKER_L: I thought Chicago was pretty rough. Um I have a cousin who is from Houston. I'm from texas originally, but I'm in Wichita Kansas. Never come here like ever, but it's super
SPEAKER_R: I had
SPEAKER_L: boring.
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: There's nothing to do at all at
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: from this part Attackers to you from originally.
SPEAKER_L: san Antonio. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Actually I was there my uh my school, they went pretty far in March Madness one year. So I ended up in san Antonio had the final four. I made my way down there was really pretty. I've never been there before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's nice and there's like all kinds of stuff to do around their here, their buses like stop running at six
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: and yeah, I mean the only thing that they have like a lot of liquor stores,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: can imagine.
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: I mean people need
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: a film that makes it nice.
SPEAKER_L: bars, well because in san Antonio you can't buy liquor during the week after eight or not. Yeah, I think it's like eight and on the weekends like nine here is like 11 and then 12 on the weekends
SPEAKER_R: Uh Are they
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: open on there's the liquor store.
SPEAKER_L: and they're open on Sundays here, which I thought was kind of weird cause they're supposed to be part of like the bible bill or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How did you end up in in Wichita from san Antonio?
SPEAKER_L: Well, okay, so I grew up half my life in 1213 in California and then I moved to Texas and my dad and my oldest sister moved from California to here because she has teenagers and they were getting in trouble and she talked me into her. She was like, it's a place to save money. Which I mean, Yeah, because there's nothing to do. Like nothing.
SPEAKER_R: it's his right here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: true. That's true.
SPEAKER_R: Tell you would be like exciting or?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, I just thought it would be like more stuff to do. She was telling me like they have all these festivals and no, like I have seen none of those and study because of the corona or whatever. It's just there's methods
SPEAKER_R: Uh have you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: you got
SPEAKER_L: to have
SPEAKER_R: district, has it been a couple of years and you've been out there?
SPEAKER_L: Um Let's see, I moved out here. It's been like a year and a half because november was either. Yeah, so I mean, but I do save money though. That's
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: true
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we gotta keep the positives in mind. Let's go.
SPEAKER_L: because other than that, I probably wouldn't have made that these last couple of months being stuck at home. So taxes.
SPEAKER_R: So what you've been, you've been stuck at home this whole time to you don't have to work or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Since um Right, like the middle of March, like my birthday is March 15 and I think it was like the week before we were off work. So of course like that first week I was like, yeah, I'm partying.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When did they start shutting down over there?
SPEAKER_L: um I think they started, I think everybody pretty much auditioning down like beginning March Middlemarch. Well I worked at a call center. So um you know, we're too close to each other, but like the restaurants and stuff in like stores and bars, they didn't really start closing to like last month at the beginning of last month. But
SPEAKER_R: Were you still able to have a good time for your birthday then? I know a lot of people
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I made factories and stuff. It was cool. But I can invite people over and stuff. So like people that I work with, that, you know, I made friends with, they came over and we chilled, so it
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: good. For sure. Yeah, I feel so bad for a lot of, I mean a lot of people now like they just missed the cut off for like, like things were shutting down but it was still like kind of chill relatives in them, so.
SPEAKER_L: So that, y'all reopened, y'all back open and everything around there.
SPEAKER_R: no, no Illinois. I think I got to have one of like the stricter uh like programs in place for what they're gonna do. They just came out with like a plan, it's supposed to be like five steps or something. And like of course I think we're at step one right now or to like we're still pretty early on
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: think are starting on the 15th. They
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: have like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh something I start reopening.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's like, like for the restaurants, they only like five people can dine in at a time or something like that and it's like
SPEAKER_R: It was strange as honestly, I mean I never thought that like things would go back to normal just like that. Like it was
SPEAKER_L: brings
SPEAKER_R: always going to be like a gradual thing. But at the same time like, I don't know, I feel like I can't I don't have a choice in the matter because like I'm I'm home from school uh like I live with my parents so they're pretty X tricked about everything going
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: on. So like I I know that they won't let me be first in line to any places, you know? Yeah. I can't imagine. I mean even if you were like just five, everyone's wearing masks and everything, like that would be excellent.
SPEAKER_L: mhm And then, yeah, I mean if people are breathing on stuff or touching stuff and then, you know, they leave the story and you go and touch it that that's what they're saying, like you can still catch it. But I don't know, I'm kind of nervous because they just got like a spike in Kansas city like of like cases. Yeah. So I was like, maybe we should like hold up for a little bit longer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but it's like one month maybe a little more. I don't know, I'm losing track of the days here, especially since I just finished the semester, like last friday as actually, since then my life, my
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: concept
SPEAKER_L: do it over.
SPEAKER_R: what's going on, It's just completely going out the window. Like that was the only thing that was giving my day. And he started like structure because I'd be like, okay, I'll get up, like I still have classes like over like Skype or zoom or whatever, like I gotta do this, this and that. And like, I would have to get out of bed and do these things.
SPEAKER_L: Now your life
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm just like, literally, I was like, what am I gonna do with myself?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: It's just like,
SPEAKER_L: can only clean and straighten up stuff so much and Oh my gosh!
SPEAKER_R: seriously? Yeah, supposed to be somewhere because when summer feels like,
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know. And I heard I saw something that says they may be trying to make none of the kids out here for like going to school at home. Like my friend, he has three daughters and I'm like what are they like studying at home? He's like no, so they're like talking about making them go back to school like in june or something.
SPEAKER_R: really? Like are they like uh younger than?
SPEAKER_L: Um But I know two of them are in elementary and big ones in middle school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's uh I think colleges are like cool with doing the video lectures, but like no uh no like younger school, even like high school that I've heard has done an actual. Yeah I guess they maybe they can. I'm not sure what the rule is
SPEAKER_L: Well they fool you on my tv because like 80 MTs like hey, you know everybody's doing work from home, it's
SPEAKER_R: this tower
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: was.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: It's like I'm sitting here like I have a desk in my room where I've been doing all my work, but just
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: the fact that like I'm literally 2" away from my bed at any given time, it's just
SPEAKER_L: that list,
SPEAKER_R: so dangerous.
SPEAKER_L: well I don't like I just applied for a work at home job um which it pays pretty good so I might try to keep it, but
SPEAKER_R: christian.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, I don't know how that's gonna work because my friend works for your pizza hut like years ago from home in texas and he didn't last very long.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was like how are you not like he wasn't getting up on time, his brakes were too long and they like here the tv in the background and I was like that's ridiculous. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like certain jobs I guess you can get away with like you know, I was zoning out a little bit of all the time. I mean how can you really stay focused for like eight hours straight? That's crazy. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah especially with just people ordering pizza and stuff like how hard is that to be. But I guess he'd have like breaks in his day where he really wouldn't get any calls and stuff. So he kind of tried to timing out and sometimes you know you get that one call and you think like I haven't got to call like two hours I'm going to go. And he got that one drop call because you were like missing in action somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: alec.
SPEAKER_L: But I will be all right. Hopefully I'm not ready to go back out in the world yet. I mean
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: just like I go to the store every once World, but just like no.
SPEAKER_R: anybody is. Yeah it's gonna be so I see like like tweets about people thinking they're gonna be like shy when they see their friends again. And it's like seriously? It's like I don't know it's so strange at least like I'm here. I have like a couple of brothers that are home to so like I'm not going crazy so much compared to like I guess how other people might be because we can hang out but I totally see where people are coming from. It's just like
SPEAKER_L: We'll see my kids are we
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: split time with their dad and so my son just turned 18. So he's with his, he wants to there like right before all this happened for like spring break or whatever. So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: he got down there so he was like all sax, he's like a mama's voice and he was like ready to come back. But I'm like, there's nobody flying or bus it or anything. Like I don't know how you're going to get back. So I'm pretty much here by myself. That's the only bad part.
SPEAKER_R: Doing that place or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A lot of netflix. Real cool. Like my best friend. Yeah. And then I do like surveys online. So an egg.
SPEAKER_R: then you and I with you get this was prolific,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, prolific. Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: prolific is like this is shit honestly it's like I've been doing it for a couple of years now and it's just like it compared I never really tried another side but like it's I'm surprised like especially things like a lot of times the first thing you search is like when you say like make money online it's like people they're all scanned. Listen to that but like I was
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: surprised legit is there?
SPEAKER_L: this one and I thought like okay at first when I signed up I went to go check and it's like it will notify you when you get a study in the first couple of weeks. Like I didn't get a study, so I'm like are crap. This is one of those. But yeah, except I felt bad for the last one. I did okay, so there was a thing, right? And they're like match you up with the person and then like they gave you that $20 and then you were like post to split it or share it or steal it, right? So I was like okay in my head I'm like okay we're gonna I'm gonna say split it. And then my friend was like What if they steal it and then you lose your deny. That was like, but I already told them because you have to chat with them for a little bit and I was like, I already told them that we were going to just split it and we each get 10 And you're like, they're gonna they're gonna still watching, you're not gonna get nothing. So then I put steel and they put shares. So I took $13 to, I felt so bad. It was like a random person, so I couldn't even be like, I was just kidding, give them
SPEAKER_R: Imagine
SPEAKER_L: their 10 gallons.
SPEAKER_R: what they're like, oh my God, I can't wait. We're gonna both. Thanks so much money
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: and then no.
SPEAKER_L: was so nice. He was like, people always, he said they would say he was like, I would say that I was going to share it or split. It was like, and then I'd steal it and I was like, no. And he's like, yeah, people suck. And then I was like, no, I suck. So
SPEAKER_R: I should break up at least nice time. That's hilarious,
SPEAKER_L: I was like, Oh my goodness. I went to like email them and be like, can you please give that person there 10,000? Like I was just kidding. They might have needed that. I don't know. But I like Prolific Survey Junkie is pretty good. All you have to do it $10 and you can cash out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty good too. For prolific. Do you like, so when you like are looking for a survey, do you like wait for it to pop up? Like how does that work?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like, well it it emails
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: me sometimes and then like I'll go and sometimes like, you know, they close on this out. But most of the time like I just look for the email or I'll be like, you know, looking through the service in which one can I make a little bit of money on or did they are pretty fun. And then I'll see one. But I hate when like it's for the computer. And like I always started on my phone and then when I go to get on the computer it's like gone or it's like you already tried to survey and I'm like, what the hell. Well
SPEAKER_R: You should
SPEAKER_L: then.
SPEAKER_R: not computer. It's like it's like especially now like I usually like just have my laptop open like most of the day just like doing something out. And uh if you have like chrome or whatever and maybe there's one for like another browser too. But there's like an extension. If you google prolific assistant, it's called it literally like if you have like prolific opening like a window, it will literally have like a pop up whenever a survey like opens like, so then like, because I know before I would have to like, yeah, either way for an email or just like actually refresh the page and look at it. But like with this like I literally just do whatever other thing I'm doing. And then if something pops off like it'll
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: philadelphia.
SPEAKER_R: it makes a noise. It's like and change the settings on it. But the way I was like, it's a voice and it says it's like new study available and prolific. Mm It's honestly my eyes like I hear that noise. I just like, I literally, I just like light up.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. See now I don't feel so bad because like my messenger, okay, everybody's messengers the same little think it's so like if it goes off like everybody is like looking at their phone, well martin says hello. It's like a little kid. He's like, hello. So tired, sit here. They'll be like hello. And they're like, what, what did that kid come from now? It's my messenger. Don't worry about it so
SPEAKER_R: What happened
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: I don't feel that I
SPEAKER_R: silent.
SPEAKER_L: have that too. That's terrible. I gotta figure out my computer though. Like I went to update it and now it won't boot up so that's going to be what I'm going to be doing after this.
SPEAKER_R: Let's go. Hey something that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. Cause I can't like rearrange my heart heart room anymore. I'm like, oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm just not every layout.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like moved it to back. It wasn't like that. Forget it
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: when we come back. I don't know. And I don't know where nothing is. Like, everything is like in a different spot.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I think getting irritated yesterday. I was like, I can't find nothing in this room. Like I shouldn't, I should have just left it along from that's what happens when your voice. I hope it gets this job because I did this.
SPEAKER_R: fingers crossed. What have you been watching on netflix?
SPEAKER_L: So I like, like the marvel stuff like flash. I like then bend washing flash and Supergirl and the crisis and then I found the runaways.
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: that superhero cell?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was on Disney. Like the kids like little kids, but they have like powers. So uh huh. And then Lucifer, I like it was pretty funny.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some of my friends like loose for a lot too. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: cracks here. But
SPEAKER_R: Did you watch like Tiger King when that was a big thing?
SPEAKER_L: well, somebody told me about that the other day and I was gonna wash it, but every time I see the preview for it, I was like, oh my God, it's going to be retarded.
SPEAKER_R: Like your reaction to the entire time? And I'm like, I don't know for me, it's like just from other people talking about it before I actually
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: watched myself. I feel like I already knew a lot of what happened. I was wrong. Honestly I was wrong like because no way even with the amount of stuff people have said about it, there's just like so many others that just like the big things like there's so many other random little things which like I guess they're little only compared to like this like, you know this gay tiger owner in the middle of like Ohio or whatever. Like like insane. Like there's so
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: many
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: times just hits the floor.
SPEAKER_L: I saw like in the preview, he's like, but she does the exact same thing and you like, see her like all these animals like in cages and her and I was like, what the fuck is she complaining about?
SPEAKER_R: So much they make you like, like they talk about her like killing her husband or whatever but they also make you like they show her no sympathy about it. Like I'm pretty sure they probably think that she did it but like she herself any favors either she obviously
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: is like let
SPEAKER_L: looks
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: like she has like a attitude and she's probably
SPEAKER_R: Him at the beginning to with that I'm gonna go back on it because like he's there all kind of scumbags like in the show it's unreal how all these people like actually exist. Just like the type of stuff that they were doing. I can't imagine just the fact that like at the beginning they just tell you about like how there's always different like private zoos that have tigers and all these different animals. Just like my face and that blows my mind. Like I always thought there would be like especially with like those like endangered species, you would think that there's like a an agency charge of that. It's just by one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's what I was wonder because I saw a dude riding an elephant and he was like the monkey people are the crazy people. And I'm like, oh they're the crazy one.
SPEAKER_R: Here's a guy. Oh my God there's a guy who. Yeah and every every interview he has there's a little monkey like a little baby monkeys just got wrapped around his like a shoulder and he's like he's like feeding it like crackers or something and it's just like so normal for them.
SPEAKER_L: Remember like I remember that Michael Dyson had like one monkey and like everybody was tripping and this man has like 1000 months
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: like a tiger or something one time. I don't know if you owned it just for the picture. But like that blew my mind and then it turns out that all these random people just like they don't tell you where he got his money from. These kind of has it and now he's like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: sells
SPEAKER_L: gonna ask that too. And then he had songs about his tigers or whatever. Like he still see these
SPEAKER_R: Yeah about that. I started watching and maybe just like start rolling music videos and I was like, I was like what's happening?
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: world. I was like the world is coming to it. So tigers really aren't in danger. They're just like stuck on these like random private farms that nobody knows about.
SPEAKER_R: It might be both. There's only like a couple of 1000. But like the fact is like they're not the way to like make that a couple of 1000 more than that is not like let random dudes in Oklahoma on them. I don't think.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I feel like
SPEAKER_L: can even have like more than two pit bulls without getting in trouble. But you can have like 120 tigers and it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: period seriously there's one guy who like he was like a in jail for a while and then he gets out, he was in jail for like and I was like this huge drug drug ring he was running but he gets out and the first thing he does is by like it wasn't a tiger, it was just some like other exotic animals. But then he starts buying a bunch of other ones and it's just like he made it seem so easy. It's like if you know one of these people then they'll just like hook you up.
SPEAKER_L: But I'm like where did they get this money from? Because I would ask for the money to buy a tiger. But I like legit would not buy a tiger if I like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: buying a car. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's not a good idea because they start out because there's a couple of shots of like a baby tiger and there so Like not even kidding. They're adorable. I understand like 111, but then they're like that they'll probably stay that way for about six months. And then like because they would have baby tigers, I'd like to do to like uh like petting zoos basically for people to buy tickets. But they're like after they hit like six months and they're like too dangerous to have around people without like a handler. And
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: when it like a year they just like balloon and then you have a full last tiger.
SPEAKER_L: well that the doors, the circus dudes names. You know the ones that were like they had those tigers for like ever And then the tiger like a them whatever. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's true. You you watch the show and you just wonder how like none of these people were eaten by a tiger because like it's just crazy. They're not like these aren't like Einstein's running these operations, the stuff this is just insane.
SPEAKER_L: this is terrible. This is the thing that I was thinking about. Watch the preview. I was like, here I am like go to school and get a job and you know trying to be a decent pair set. And then these like random people who are like not the best people on earth, they just like out here living it up like it with
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: tigers and monkeys
SPEAKER_R: do. You
SPEAKER_L: and chimps.
SPEAKER_R: know that guy is like a treat? There's everybody like they dig up dirt on everybody pretty much and just like just the way that they run like I mean it's a private zoos, like they kind of make their own rules, it's free
SPEAKER_L: But he
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: had all that land and stuff. So like that's what I'm saying, like what is he doing? He needs to like give his like how did you make all this money? Like that's what you should be putting on the internet. I mean I guess before they killed you or whatever, but because he owned, he owned the farm that was big enough for him to have all those animals on and he's like legit there chilling with him like he doesn't go to work or anything. So
SPEAKER_R: Yes. And they built they build the whole zoo and like there's so much, so many questions like honestly you're watching it and just build more questions than answers.
SPEAKER_L: He has to have like a weed field or something like way in the back that they didn't show like and that's how you doing buddy.
SPEAKER_R: I was like I did like the
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: zoo made money I guess like often because people would pay a lot of people have to pay to go and like hang out with the tiger or just even like see them I guess. But
SPEAKER_L: And he probably gets like a lot of rich people, they're like board and you know, they like to do that like exotic stuff and if you make stuff costs more than of course they'll.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They talked about that a lot too actually. Yeah. It's this whole like culture.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. I've watched we've Country before and I've seen just the same thing though like you know Oregon colorado? And I think it's like what other state that's like the little triangle where they like sell louis and they can grow it and all that. And there was one guy like he was like an old dude, He kind of laid willie nelson but he had that were just like in the front like, like you walk up to his door and he's like on the side. But apparently in the law books like he got away every single time because it says like one kind of weed and he has like the other times or something like one like I think it says like set even the law books and he was like indicator, right versa. And I'm like, man, what the hell?
SPEAKER_R: Well we did him, he probably tried to get him so many times and he's like you thought
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. They like, he had first, he had like lawyer lawyers like now they said the federal government doesn't even like go fucking with him, which I thought was kind of stupid for them to let the state legalize it within the federal government can still like attack I think kind of setting people up. But he was like, he read all the all the law books and they couldn't touch them every time. They were like just wasting their money and they had to pay his like court fees and stuff. So I was like well and he was helping people out though. Like this lady had a kid who was like four or five and he had like a lot of seizures every day and he come how kind of strained the stuff out and made it like oil and she would give him the drops and like his seizures went down. So I think that's where CBD came from.
SPEAKER_R: he's doing, he's doing something to go with his whatever he's doing. This color guy. Yeah like there you can tell I'm like yeah the thing just makes him out to be like pretty like self centered too. It's just like you kind of want to take a shower after you watch it.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: It's like yeah
SPEAKER_L: what I was. Yeah, I was noticing that he just like, he is like saying stuff and then the woman, she looks like one at one point she looked for all professional and then the next one, she looks like she like just rolled out a trailer like legit.
SPEAKER_R: seriously it's like the shit they just like how much they got like how much footage they got of them and like the types of things that they got her to talk like she would talk about because she was accused of killing her husband but they never approved it and like they would ask her about it like so the amount of footage that got her just talking about that, like I would think that she would be like offended that they would bring it up.
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: It's like she
SPEAKER_L: or at least act offended. But that's the same thing. Oh they did and he wrote a whole book like what if I did it?
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: guys.
SPEAKER_L: like why are you submit it on yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I guess like the first time that they asked like about her getting accused and she's like the way she deflects it is so like unconvincing. She's like me kill my husband. No, that's crazy. And you immediately we're all brothers was like, that's it. You don't like you think she'd be like emotional? It was just the mostly robotic like scripted
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: there was another woman who did that. She killed like or she, she didn't personally kill the body, but she had like on three different occasions people killed somebody for her and then like they were like take the fall and she was like, like it was like two guys and a girl and like they were so in love with her like they would not tell her even after they told them like well she had like him do this and that and they were still like that. She just disappeared. I was like some people just have that whatever. They can just convince you to just do whatever and you're like okay,
SPEAKER_R: you got it.
SPEAKER_L: maybe she just got tired of people asking everybody somehow. She's like, or she's like, y'all can't double jeopardy. So I mean it really doesn't matter what I say.
SPEAKER_R: okay. But they're like they said as soon. So the dude wrote a will well the owner will supposedly by him and it's usually it says like upon my passing or whatever But this one said upon my like death or disappearance, which they're like, okay, why does it say that if like there's so many breadcrumbs that are like maybe she didn't like there's something fishy going on it. I think she had to wait like a certain amount of time just like legally before she could declare him
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: dad and like
SPEAKER_L: beard.
SPEAKER_R: money. She like they said like a day after the day that she finally was able to do it. She was like, yeah, she declared him dead after he's missing. So she
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: was just
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: gone girl.
SPEAKER_R: she really I mean now she just got much of tires though. So
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: whose
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: line?
SPEAKER_L: gonna spark that show like how to get away with murder. Watch. You probably write a book here shortly. Like my
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: husband's missing and the tiger guys missing. What
SPEAKER_R: seriously?
SPEAKER_L: are you going to the and then if she didn't actually perform the murder and she has Maria's doing she's still kind
SPEAKER_R: She's
SPEAKER_L: of good.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, she's not working. She's
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: like, I'm well
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: then.
SPEAKER_L: go snitch on somebody right now. Like it was him. He didn't, but in the book she's like uh it was him. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: You know this is all you what am I gonna do?
SPEAKER_L: data log about. I hope he doesn't have like family. They're like looking for him still. That's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: there's the interview like his family. Like I get his daughters they're just like she did it, they're like convinced. I'm sure they I don't know, I'm sure they know more than we do but she's
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: handle
SPEAKER_R: soul. They hate her.
SPEAKER_L: she looks like she's kind of like one of those like evil mean people that are just like mean for no reason but like play like they're nice so
SPEAKER_R: No, she crossed that way. For sure. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna have to watch the whole thing now because they're I just got to see
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I what I just told you there's like maybe a couple spoilers in there but like there's so much more so I left
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: out and like they did one of those like because like I didn't know if they expected to blow up as big as it did, they did one of those like after the show like talks with all the cast members and I was like I tried to watch it a little bit and I was like no like I just think of these people as like movie characters and the doctor like that they're actually real people.
SPEAKER_L: I was going to watch that. What about the football player that like supposedly killed his sister in law or brother in law or something? And then like went in place like I think he was on the Patriots.
SPEAKER_R: Aaron Hernandez. Yeah. That
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: was crazy. Too
SPEAKER_L: he was like on the phone with his mom and was like, blaming her. Like, y'all never showed me love or something, but like, This is like 20 years later, like why did you kill over there? Just go chill it. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: More is crazy. I haven't seen that one but like I just from when that story was in the news. Yeah, it's insane.
SPEAKER_L: That's ridiculous. But I mean there's that guy that I'm a Dallas cowboys fan, like Cards and like 96. So there was a guy that was from here actually that was in the cowboys and he was the one that was like beating up his girlfriend and like in Dewey's and showing up high or whatever. So I was like really, really like there's nothing to do with here, like you can't find something to do besides just going around beating up people. And
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: was that like was it Greg hardy? Who was that?
SPEAKER_L: I think I think that is his name, like he didn't last very long like the first year that he was done the cowboys, like he got in trouble like every other month and he came down here to get his stuff from his baby mama or something and it was like chasing her with his car. It was weird.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, man, if I had all that money, I feel like how chilling Somewhere like on the island something.
SPEAKER_R: You gotta just let things go. I think this is.
SPEAKER_L: If I got bored, I like flying to ITaly or something like that's where I want to go. So I'll just be like, I'll be, I'll be back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, forget this out like it's that easy.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? You wanna argue? I'll be in ITaly. Tell me when you call me, call me,
SPEAKER_R: Well hey
SPEAKER_L: it's calling before the plane takes out like I'm out.
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: I'll bring your back if you're nice. I don't know. But I like it. That's crazy. Well I'm gonna fix my computer now, but it's been like talking to you. I'm like never just talking to you. So this is kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: What what's your name by the, I'm christian. I don't think I mentioned
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Giovanna
SPEAKER_R: It's really good
SPEAKER_L: UK. I hope you get out the house soon and you're not stuck in here forever. Hoping
SPEAKER_R: bigger.
SPEAKER_L: the 15th is first. I mean I probably would just go like to the grocery store instead of getting delivered. I'm not gonna go too far, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hope you hit the town in which it's all pretty soon.
SPEAKER_L: I know I'm gonna hit all the clubs or bars. Did I say I'll have some visit Chicago one day. I've never been there. But I heard it was really, really rough. So I try
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: to nudge.
SPEAKER_R: a it's a pretty city though
SPEAKER_L: Well I've seen, I've seen, I watched that. What is it? Uh the black ink in Chicago. Which doesn't say, I mean it does kind of seem rough but it doesn't seem that rough. But my cousin from Houston, he works on buses and he was down there working on the buses in Chicago and he was like, you don't want to come down here
SPEAKER_R: plus I'm sure. Yeah you see a lot of shit for sure,
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, all the city buses and stuff, but he's like a mechanic so he works on that part. But he was just like, and I was like, I heard there was a place down there though that like at nighttime it closes or not closes like an apartment complex or housing or something and the police don't come into like it's daylight again or something. But I was like,
SPEAKER_R: I'm not even
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: sure. I know like there's definitely I mean
SPEAKER_L: don't go to that place.
SPEAKER_R: your neighborhood anyplace but yeah, I think, I mean like the main when people like if you think of like, like the bean, like the big sculpture and stuff and like millennium Park like that put that area is like, you know, that's
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: it was really pretty. I mean and I stayed in I've stayed in L. A. When I was younger so it can't be that much worse than that. And there was a lot of pretty places they're like exhibition park like the dinosaurs and stuff and all the beaches of just stay away from the hood I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Are Russia.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it was nice to me to you. I don't know what I'm supposed to do after this. I think we're supposed to go back to the other window.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think, I think it's just like other questions probably after
SPEAKER_L: I skimmed the indirection.
SPEAKER_R: come on your computer.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well you have a good one. They
SPEAKER_R: care.
SPEAKER_L: did