quick. You could see me okay, can you make it better? Oh, I see. I'm not sure if I am a baby. Yeah, do not disturb. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Bye. Oh yeah. All right, okay. What? Thank you. Hello.
It's going okay.
I was like, how Randall does this?
Oh my goodness. I'm like, yeah, I was nervous to, I'm not that good at chatting and stuff, so I was like, what are we going to talk about? It doesn't even give you know directions or nothing, it just says has to be for 25 minutes.
where are you located or what state?
but
I
was,
I thought Chicago was pretty rough. Um I have a cousin who is from Houston. I'm from texas originally, but I'm in Wichita Kansas. Never come here like ever, but it's super
boring.
There's nothing to do at all at
all
san Antonio. Mm
Yeah, it's nice and there's like all kinds of stuff to do around their here, their buses like stop running at six
and yeah, I mean the only thing that they have like a lot of liquor stores,
like
lot
in
bars, well because in san Antonio you can't buy liquor during the week after eight or not. Yeah, I think it's like eight and on the weekends like nine here is like 11 and then 12 on the weekends
if
and they're open on Sundays here, which I thought was kind of weird cause they're supposed to be part of like the bible bill or whatever.
Well, okay, so I grew up half my life in 1213 in California and then I moved to Texas and my dad and my oldest sister moved from California to here because she has teenagers and they were getting in trouble and she talked me into her. She was like, it's a place to save money. Which I mean, Yeah, because there's nothing to do. Like nothing.
Yeah, that's
true. That's true.
Well, I mean, I just thought it would be like more stuff to do. She was telling me like they have all these festivals and no, like I have seen none of those and study because of the corona or whatever. It's just there's methods
and
you have
to have
Um Let's see, I moved out here. It's been like a year and a half because november was either. Yeah, so I mean, but I do save money though. That's
just
very
true
because other than that, I probably wouldn't have made that these last couple of months being stuck at home. So taxes.
Yeah. Since um Right, like the middle of March, like my birthday is March 15 and I think it was like the week before we were off work. So of course like that first week I was like, yeah, I'm partying.
um I think they started, I think everybody pretty much auditioning down like beginning March Middlemarch. Well I worked at a call center. So um you know, we're too close to each other, but like the restaurants and stuff in like stores and bars, they didn't really start closing to like last month at the beginning of last month. But
I
mean,
yeah, I made factories and stuff. It was cool. But I can invite people over and stuff. So like people that I work with, that, you know, I made friends with, they came over and we chilled, so it
was
So that, y'all reopened, y'all back open and everything around there.
I
think are starting on the 15th. They
have like, yeah.
Yeah, but it's like, like for the restaurants, they only like five people can dine in at a time or something like that and it's like
brings
It's
mhm And then, yeah, I mean if people are breathing on stuff or touching stuff and then, you know, they leave the story and you go and touch it that that's what they're saying, like you can still catch it. But I don't know, I'm kind of nervous because they just got like a spike in Kansas city like of like cases. Yeah. So I was like, maybe we should like hold up for a little bit longer.
They
do it over.
Now your life
I
can only clean and straighten up stuff so much and Oh my gosh!
Oh I know. And I heard I saw something that says they may be trying to make none of the kids out here for like going to school at home. Like my friend, he has three daughters and I'm like what are they like studying at home? He's like no, so they're like talking about making them go back to school like in june or something.
Um But I know two of them are in elementary and big ones in middle school.
Well they fool you on my tv because like 80 MTs like hey, you know everybody's doing work from home, it's
It's
like
if
that list,
well I don't like I just applied for a work at home job um which it pays pretty good so I might try to keep it, but
I was like, I don't know how that's gonna work because my friend works for your pizza hut like years ago from home in texas and he didn't last very long.
Yeah I was like how are you not like he wasn't getting up on time, his brakes were too long and they like here the tv in the background and I was like that's ridiculous. But
Yeah especially with just people ordering pizza and stuff like how hard is that to be. But I guess he'd have like breaks in his day where he really wouldn't get any calls and stuff. So he kind of tried to timing out and sometimes you know you get that one call and you think like I haven't got to call like two hours I'm going to go. And he got that one drop call because you were like missing in action somewhere.
But I will be all right. Hopefully I'm not ready to go back out in the world yet. I mean
just like I go to the store every once World, but just like no.
We'll see my kids are we
split time with their dad and so my son just turned 18. So he's with his, he wants to there like right before all this happened for like spring break or whatever. So
he got down there so he was like all sax, he's like a mama's voice and he was like ready to come back. But I'm like, there's nobody flying or bus it or anything. Like I don't know how you're going to get back. So I'm pretty much here by myself. That's the only bad part.
Yeah. A lot of netflix. Real cool. Like my best friend. Yeah. And then I do like surveys online. So an egg.
Yeah, prolific. Yeah, that's right.
Well
this one and I thought like okay at first when I signed up I went to go check and it's like it will notify you when you get a study in the first couple of weeks. Like I didn't get a study, so I'm like are crap. This is one of those. But yeah, except I felt bad for the last one. I did okay, so there was a thing, right? And they're like match you up with the person and then like they gave you that $20 and then you were like post to split it or share it or steal it, right? So I was like okay in my head I'm like okay we're gonna I'm gonna say split it. And then my friend was like What if they steal it and then you lose your deny. That was like, but I already told them because you have to chat with them for a little bit and I was like, I already told them that we were going to just split it and we each get 10 And you're like, they're gonna they're gonna still watching, you're not gonna get nothing. So then I put steel and they put shares. So I took $13 to, I felt so bad. It was like a random person, so I couldn't even be like, I was just kidding, give them
their 10 gallons.
He
was so nice. He was like, people always, he said they would say he was like, I would say that I was going to share it or split. It was like, and then I'd steal it and I was like, no. And he's like, yeah, people suck. And then I was like, no, I suck. So
I was like, Oh my goodness. I went to like email them and be like, can you please give that person there 10,000? Like I was just kidding. They might have needed that. I don't know. But I like Prolific Survey Junkie is pretty good. All you have to do it $10 and you can cash out. Yeah.
Yeah. So like, well it it emails
me sometimes and then like I'll go and sometimes like, you know, they close on this out. But most of the time like I just look for the email or I'll be like, you know, looking through the service in which one can I make a little bit of money on or did they are pretty fun. And then I'll see one. But I hate when like it's for the computer. And like I always started on my phone and then when I go to get on the computer it's like gone or it's like you already tried to survey and I'm like, what the hell. Well
then.
In
philadelphia.
Oh my goodness. See now I don't feel so bad because like my messenger, okay, everybody's messengers the same little think it's so like if it goes off like everybody is like looking at their phone, well martin says hello. It's like a little kid. He's like, hello. So tired, sit here. They'll be like hello. And they're like, what, what did that kid come from now? It's my messenger. Don't worry about it so
that
I don't feel that I
have that too. That's terrible. I gotta figure out my computer though. Like I went to update it and now it won't boot up so that's going to be what I'm going to be doing after this.
Yeah, definitely. Cause I can't like rearrange my heart heart room anymore. I'm like, oh
yeah, like moved it to back. It wasn't like that. Forget it
when we come back. I don't know. And I don't know where nothing is. Like, everything is like in a different spot.
I think getting irritated yesterday. I was like, I can't find nothing in this room. Like I shouldn't, I should have just left it along from that's what happens when your voice. I hope it gets this job because I did this.
So I like, like the marvel stuff like flash. I like then bend washing flash and Supergirl and the crisis and then I found the runaways.
All
Yeah, it was on Disney. Like the kids like little kids, but they have like powers. So uh huh. And then Lucifer, I like it was pretty funny.
cracks here. But
well, somebody told me about that the other day and I was gonna wash it, but every time I see the preview for it, I was like, oh my God, it's going to be retarded.
As
But
then
I saw like in the preview, he's like, but she does the exact same thing and you like, see her like all these animals like in cages and her and I was like, what the fuck is she complaining about?
she
looks
like she has like a attitude and she's probably
Yeah, that's that's what I was wonder because I saw a dude riding an elephant and he was like the monkey people are the crazy people. And I'm like, oh they're the crazy one.
Remember like I remember that Michael Dyson had like one monkey and like everybody was tripping and this man has like 1000 months
and
I
had
I
was
gonna ask that too. And then he had songs about his tigers or whatever. Like he still see these
the
world. I was like the world is coming to it. So tigers really aren't in danger. They're just like stuck on these like random private farms that nobody knows about.
You
can even have like more than two pit bulls without getting in trouble. But you can have like 120 tigers and it's fine.
But I'm like where did they get this money from? Because I would ask for the money to buy a tiger. But I like legit would not buy a tiger if I like
buying a car. Yeah.
And
that
well that the doors, the circus dudes names. You know the ones that were like they had those tigers for like ever And then the tiger like a them whatever. So
this is terrible. This is the thing that I was thinking about. Watch the preview. I was like, here I am like go to school and get a job and you know trying to be a decent pair set. And then these like random people who are like not the best people on earth, they just like out here living it up like it with
tigers and monkeys
and chimps.
But he
had all that land and stuff. So like that's what I'm saying, like what is he doing? He needs to like give his like how did you make all this money? Like that's what you should be putting on the internet. I mean I guess before they killed you or whatever, but because he owned, he owned the farm that was big enough for him to have all those animals on and he's like legit there chilling with him like he doesn't go to work or anything. So
He has to have like a weed field or something like way in the back that they didn't show like and that's how you doing buddy.
I'm
And he probably gets like a lot of rich people, they're like board and you know, they like to do that like exotic stuff and if you make stuff costs more than of course they'll.
That's crazy. I've watched we've Country before and I've seen just the same thing though like you know Oregon colorado? And I think it's like what other state that's like the little triangle where they like sell louis and they can grow it and all that. And there was one guy like he was like an old dude, He kind of laid willie nelson but he had that were just like in the front like, like you walk up to his door and he's like on the side. But apparently in the law books like he got away every single time because it says like one kind of weed and he has like the other times or something like one like I think it says like set even the law books and he was like indicator, right versa. And I'm like, man, what the hell?
Mhm. Yeah. They like, he had first, he had like lawyer lawyers like now they said the federal government doesn't even like go fucking with him, which I thought was kind of stupid for them to let the state legalize it within the federal government can still like attack I think kind of setting people up. But he was like, he read all the all the law books and they couldn't touch them every time. They were like just wasting their money and they had to pay his like court fees and stuff. So I was like well and he was helping people out though. Like this lady had a kid who was like four or five and he had like a lot of seizures every day and he come how kind of strained the stuff out and made it like oil and she would give him the drops and like his seizures went down. So I think that's where CBD came from.
that's
what I was. Yeah, I was noticing that he just like, he is like saying stuff and then the woman, she looks like one at one point she looked for all professional and then the next one, she looks like she like just rolled out a trailer like legit.
Hi
or at least act offended. But that's the same thing. Oh they did and he wrote a whole book like what if I did it?
I was
like why are you submit it on yourself?
well
there was another woman who did that. She killed like or she, she didn't personally kill the body, but she had like on three different occasions people killed somebody for her and then like they were like take the fall and she was like, like it was like two guys and a girl and like they were so in love with her like they would not tell her even after they told them like well she had like him do this and that and they were still like that. She just disappeared. I was like some people just have that whatever. They can just convince you to just do whatever and you're like okay,
maybe she just got tired of people asking everybody somehow. She's like, or she's like, y'all can't double jeopardy. So I mean it really doesn't matter what I say.
No
beard.
That's
like
gone girl.
I mean
she's
gonna spark that show like how to get away with murder. Watch. You probably write a book here shortly. Like my
husband's missing and the tiger guys missing. What
are you going to the and then if she didn't actually perform the murder and she has Maria's doing she's still kind
of good.
she
could
go snitch on somebody right now. Like it was him. He didn't, but in the book she's like uh it was him. Okay.
data log about. I hope he doesn't have like family. They're like looking for him still. That's terrible.
you can
handle
she looks like she's kind of like one of those like evil mean people that are just like mean for no reason but like play like they're nice so
I'm gonna have to watch the whole thing now because they're I just got to see
it
I was going to watch that. What about the football player that like supposedly killed his sister in law or brother in law or something? And then like went in place like I think he was on the Patriots.
But
he was like on the phone with his mom and was like, blaming her. Like, y'all never showed me love or something, but like, This is like 20 years later, like why did you kill over there? Just go chill it. I don't know.
That's ridiculous. But I mean there's that guy that I'm a Dallas cowboys fan, like Cards and like 96. So there was a guy that was from here actually that was in the cowboys and he was the one that was like beating up his girlfriend and like in Dewey's and showing up high or whatever. So I was like really, really like there's nothing to do with here, like you can't find something to do besides just going around beating up people. And
if
I think I think that is his name, like he didn't last very long like the first year that he was done the cowboys, like he got in trouble like every other month and he came down here to get his stuff from his baby mama or something and it was like chasing her with his car. It was weird.
I was like, man, if I had all that money, I feel like how chilling Somewhere like on the island something.
If I got bored, I like flying to ITaly or something like that's where I want to go. So I'll just be like, I'll be, I'll be back.
Hello? You wanna argue? I'll be in ITaly. Tell me when you call me, call me,
it's calling before the plane takes out like I'm out.
I'll bring your back if you're nice. I don't know. But I like it. That's crazy. Well I'm gonna fix my computer now, but it's been like talking to you. I'm like never just talking to you. So this is kind of cool.
I'm
Giovanna
UK. I hope you get out the house soon and you're not stuck in here forever. Hoping
the 15th is first. I mean I probably would just go like to the grocery store instead of getting delivered. I'm not gonna go too far, but
I know I'm gonna hit all the clubs or bars. Did I say I'll have some visit Chicago one day. I've never been there. But I heard it was really, really rough. So I try
to nudge.
Well I've seen, I've seen, I watched that. What is it? Uh the black ink in Chicago. Which doesn't say, I mean it does kind of seem rough but it doesn't seem that rough. But my cousin from Houston, he works on buses and he was down there working on the buses in Chicago and he was like, you don't want to come down here
like, yeah, all the city buses and stuff, but he's like a mechanic so he works on that part. But he was just like, and I was like, I heard there was a place down there though that like at nighttime it closes or not closes like an apartment complex or housing or something and the police don't come into like it's daylight again or something. But I was like,
so
don't go to that place.
I think
it was really pretty. I mean and I stayed in I've stayed in L. A. When I was younger so it can't be that much worse than that. And there was a lot of pretty places they're like exhibition park like the dinosaurs and stuff and all the beaches of just stay away from the hood I guess.
Well, it was nice to me to you. I don't know what I'm supposed to do after this. I think we're supposed to go back to the other window.
I skimmed the indirection.
All right, well you have a good one. They
did