How's it going?
Yeah, I know what you mean,
I think yeah. You know what I was I was nervous about doing this. I was like the past couple of times two. I was I was scheduled earlier in the week first but didn't show up so I was like maybe it's not going to happen. So I had time to like doubt myself to the, I was like maybe it's just by a screen, go through it, but who knows?
gonna be I think we'll be alright. I promise. Okay.
I'm I'm in Illinois like around Chicago. Like uh hurt the suburbs. It's pretty much like the middle of nowhere, but it's like close enough to Chicago where you can tell
people that and you really get away with it. But like if it's someone coming away then they're going to grill you a little further and be like, okay, because they
heard
that many times.
I had
that
you're
from this part Attackers to you from originally.
Actually I was there my uh my school, they went pretty far in March Madness one year. So I ended up in san Antonio had the final four. I made my way down there was really pretty. I've never been there before.
No,
I
can imagine.
I mean people need
a film that makes it nice.
Uh Are they
open on there's the liquor store.
Yeah. How did you end up in in Wichita from san Antonio?
it's his right here.
Absolutely.
Tell you would be like exciting or?
Uh have you
have
you got
district, has it been a couple of years and you've been out there?
Hey,
you know
what?
Yeah, we gotta keep the positives in mind. Let's go.
So what you've been, you've been stuck at home this whole time to you don't have to work or anything?
Yeah. When did they start shutting down over there?
Were you still able to have a good time for your birthday then? I know a lot of people
more
like,
that's
good. For sure. Yeah, I feel so bad for a lot of, I mean a lot of people now like they just missed the cut off for like, like things were shutting down but it was still like kind of chill relatives in them, so.
no, no Illinois. I think I got to have one of like the stricter uh like programs in place for what they're gonna do. They just came out with like a plan, it's supposed to be like five steps or something. And like of course I think we're at step one right now or to like we're still pretty early on
and
and
uh something I start reopening.
It was strange as honestly, I mean I never thought that like things would go back to normal just like that. Like it was
always going to be like a gradual thing. But at the same time like, I don't know, I feel like I can't I don't have a choice in the matter because like I'm I'm home from school uh like I live with my parents so they're pretty X tricked about everything going
on. So like I I know that they won't let me be first in line to any places, you know? Yeah. I can't imagine. I mean even if you were like just five, everyone's wearing masks and everything, like that would be excellent.
Yeah, but it's like one month maybe a little more. I don't know, I'm losing track of the days here, especially since I just finished the semester, like last friday as actually, since then my life, my
concept
what's going on, It's just completely going out the window. Like that was the only thing that was giving my day. And he started like structure because I'd be like, okay, I'll get up, like I still have classes like over like Skype or zoom or whatever, like I gotta do this, this and that. And like, I would have to get out of bed and do these things.
Yeah, I'm just like, literally, I was like, what am I gonna do with myself?
It's just like,
seriously? Yeah, supposed to be somewhere because when summer feels like,
really? Like are they like uh younger than?
Yeah, I think it's uh I think colleges are like cool with doing the video lectures, but like no uh no like younger school, even like high school that I've heard has done an actual. Yeah I guess they maybe they can. I'm not sure what the rule is
this tower
was.
It's like I'm sitting here like I have a desk in my room where I've been doing all my work, but just
the fact that like I'm literally 2" away from my bed at any given time, it's just
so dangerous.
christian.
I know.
Yeah like certain jobs I guess you can get away with like you know, I was zoning out a little bit of all the time. I mean how can you really stay focused for like eight hours straight? That's crazy. But
alec.
I think
anybody is. Yeah it's gonna be so I see like like tweets about people thinking they're gonna be like shy when they see their friends again. And it's like seriously? It's like I don't know it's so strange at least like I'm here. I have like a couple of brothers that are home to so like I'm not going crazy so much compared to like I guess how other people might be because we can hang out but I totally see where people are coming from. It's just like
what?
And
Doing that place or something.
then you and I with you get this was prolific,
prolific is like this is shit honestly it's like I've been doing it for a couple of years now and it's just like it compared I never really tried another side but like it's I'm surprised like especially things like a lot of times the first thing you search is like when you say like make money online it's like people they're all scanned. Listen to that but like I was
surprised legit is there?
Imagine
what they're like, oh my God, I can't wait. We're gonna both. Thanks so much money
and then no.
I should break up at least nice time. That's hilarious,
That's pretty good too. For prolific. Do you like, so when you like are looking for a survey, do you like wait for it to pop up? Like how does that work?
Hi.
You should
not computer. It's like it's like especially now like I usually like just have my laptop open like most of the day just like doing something out. And uh if you have like chrome or whatever and maybe there's one for like another browser too. But there's like an extension. If you google prolific assistant, it's called it literally like if you have like prolific opening like a window, it will literally have like a pop up whenever a survey like opens like, so then like, because I know before I would have to like, yeah, either way for an email or just like actually refresh the page and look at it. But like with this like I literally just do whatever other thing I'm doing. And then if something pops off like it'll
say
it makes a noise. It's like and change the settings on it. But the way I was like, it's a voice and it says it's like new study available and prolific. Mm It's honestly my eyes like I hear that noise. I just like, I literally, I just like light up.
What happened
with
silent.
Let's go. Hey something that
I'm just not every layout.
Hi
and
fingers crossed. What have you been watching on netflix?
What's
that superhero cell?
Yeah. Some of my friends like loose for a lot too. Mhm.
Did you watch like Tiger King when that was a big thing?
Like your reaction to the entire time? And I'm like, I don't know for me, it's like just from other people talking about it before I actually
watched myself. I feel like I already knew a lot of what happened. I was wrong. Honestly I was wrong like because no way even with the amount of stuff people have said about it, there's just like so many others that just like the big things like there's so many other random little things which like I guess they're little only compared to like this like, you know this gay tiger owner in the middle of like Ohio or whatever. Like like insane. Like there's so
many
times just hits the floor.
So much they make you like, like they talk about her like killing her husband or whatever but they also make you like they show her no sympathy about it. Like I'm pretty sure they probably think that she did it but like she herself any favors either she obviously
is like let
me
Him at the beginning to with that I'm gonna go back on it because like he's there all kind of scumbags like in the show it's unreal how all these people like actually exist. Just like the type of stuff that they were doing. I can't imagine just the fact that like at the beginning they just tell you about like how there's always different like private zoos that have tigers and all these different animals. Just like my face and that blows my mind. Like I always thought there would be like especially with like those like endangered species, you would think that there's like a an agency charge of that. It's just by one.
Here's a guy. Oh my God there's a guy who. Yeah and every every interview he has there's a little monkey like a little baby monkeys just got wrapped around his like a shoulder and he's like he's like feeding it like crackers or something and it's just like so normal for them.
No
there's
my
like a tiger or something one time. I don't know if you owned it just for the picture. But like that blew my mind and then it turns out that all these random people just like they don't tell you where he got his money from. These kind of has it and now he's like
he
sells
Yeah about that. I started watching and maybe just like start rolling music videos and I was like, I was like what's happening?
No,
It might be both. There's only like a couple of 1000. But like the fact is like they're not the way to like make that a couple of 1000 more than that is not like let random dudes in Oklahoma on them. I don't think.
I feel like
period seriously there's one guy who like he was like a in jail for a while and then he gets out, he was in jail for like and I was like this huge drug drug ring he was running but he gets out and the first thing he does is by like it wasn't a tiger, it was just some like other exotic animals. But then he starts buying a bunch of other ones and it's just like he made it seem so easy. It's like if you know one of these people then they'll just like hook you up.
I
it's not a good idea because they start out because there's a couple of shots of like a baby tiger and there so Like not even kidding. They're adorable. I understand like 111, but then they're like that they'll probably stay that way for about six months. And then like because they would have baby tigers, I'd like to do to like uh like petting zoos basically for people to buy tickets. But they're like after they hit like six months and they're like too dangerous to have around people without like a handler. And
then
when it like a year they just like balloon and then you have a full last tiger.
Okay. That's true. You you watch the show and you just wonder how like none of these people were eaten by a tiger because like it's just crazy. They're not like these aren't like Einstein's running these operations, the stuff this is just insane.
they
do. You
know that guy is like a treat? There's everybody like they dig up dirt on everybody pretty much and just like just the way that they run like I mean it's a private zoos, like they kind of make their own rules, it's free
like.
Yes. And they built they build the whole zoo and like there's so much, so many questions like honestly you're watching it and just build more questions than answers.
I was like I did like the
zoo made money I guess like often because people would pay a lot of people have to pay to go and like hang out with the tiger or just even like see them I guess. But
Yeah. They talked about that a lot too actually. Yeah. It's this whole like culture.
Well we did him, he probably tried to get him so many times and he's like you thought
he's doing, he's doing something to go with his whatever he's doing. This color guy. Yeah like there you can tell I'm like yeah the thing just makes him out to be like pretty like self centered too. It's just like you kind of want to take a shower after you watch it.
It's like yeah
seriously it's like the shit they just like how much they got like how much footage they got of them and like the types of things that they got her to talk like she would talk about because she was accused of killing her husband but they never approved it and like they would ask her about it like so the amount of footage that got her just talking about that, like I would think that she would be like offended that they would bring it up.
It's like she
All
guys.
I guess like the first time that they asked like about her getting accused and she's like the way she deflects it is so like unconvincing. She's like me kill my husband. No, that's crazy. And you immediately we're all brothers was like, that's it. You don't like you think she'd be like emotional? It was just the mostly robotic like scripted
as
you got it.
okay. But they're like they said as soon. So the dude wrote a will well the owner will supposedly by him and it's usually it says like upon my passing or whatever But this one said upon my like death or disappearance, which they're like, okay, why does it say that if like there's so many breadcrumbs that are like maybe she didn't like there's something fishy going on it. I think she had to wait like a certain amount of time just like legally before she could declare him
dad and like
money. She like they said like a day after the day that she finally was able to do it. She was like, yeah, she declared him dead after he's missing. So she
was just
like,
she really I mean now she just got much of tires though. So
whose
line?
All
seriously?
She's
like, yeah, she's not working. She's
like, I'm well
then.
You know this is all you what am I gonna do?
there's the interview like his family. Like I get his daughters they're just like she did it, they're like convinced. I'm sure they I don't know, I'm sure they know more than we do but she's
your
soul. They hate her.
No, she crossed that way. For sure. Sure.
Yeah, like I what I just told you there's like maybe a couple spoilers in there but like there's so much more so I left
out and like they did one of those like because like I didn't know if they expected to blow up as big as it did, they did one of those like after the show like talks with all the cast members and I was like I tried to watch it a little bit and I was like no like I just think of these people as like movie characters and the doctor like that they're actually real people.
Aaron Hernandez. Yeah. That
was crazy. Too
More is crazy. I haven't seen that one but like I just from when that story was in the news. Yeah, it's insane.
Was
was that like was it Greg hardy? Who was that?
That's crazy.
You gotta just let things go. I think this is.
Yeah, forget this out like it's that easy.
Well hey
I am.
What what's your name by the, I'm christian. I don't think I mentioned
that.
It's really good
bigger.
Yeah. I hope you hit the town in which it's all pretty soon.
It's
a it's a pretty city though
plus I'm sure. Yeah you see a lot of shit for sure,
I'm not even
sure. I know like there's definitely I mean
your neighborhood anyplace but yeah, I think, I mean like the main when people like if you think of like, like the bean, like the big sculpture and stuff and like millennium Park like that put that area is like, you know, that's
pretty
Are Russia.
Yeah. I think, I think it's just like other questions probably after
come on your computer.
care.