girl. Okay. Bit warm. Hi scientists. Wait yeah mm. Mhm. Okay thanks. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah yeah. Hi
how are you doing today?
I am just fine. A little warm. I just got back from going to the store. Don't mind my ridiculous glowy headset. I would never
wear one of these but my bluetooth headset doesn't work with this service. So this this thing is this thing is ridiculous. It's my brothers.
It does glowy lights on the side. What is the purpose of that? I don't understand. It's all good. So what's your name man?
Yeah. Hello Elias my name is Griffin.
Right Griffin's. Mhm. So what kind of stuff are you into man?
You too? Okay,
sensible. I'm really I'm a really big gamer myself as you can tell by my epic gamer headset.
Have you been playing anything recently?
I have not played that but I have a hacked three DS so I could
get it. Yeah
I have I have my three DS a couple of years ago because I'm a horrible person and then I just get all the games for free. So I actually, the last game that I played on on the three Ds was Pokemon Ultra Moon
because I
yeah because I played Sun and Moon and then they made the ultra versions and I was like why not? That was that was pretty good. There's some good RPGS on there to bravely default and bravely second our killer. And
I recommend them
uh they're they're like the spiritual successors to old school final Fantasy. So they have turn based combat and a job system and uh really good. Really good.
Fire emblem is, yeah, they're they're a bit more like tactical but firearms a pretty good series. I just recommend bravely default if you if you're playing three D. S still, I'm sure you could get that on the super cheap, you know?
probably
like five five bucks or something.
Mhm. Well because now there's the switch which I
which I only have like two games for, I have a switch but I only have like two games for it. Animal crossing and breath of the wild. Uh huh.
it's great. But what I've been playing recently on Pc is getting an impact which is like a free to play breath of the wild with anime characters. I would look it up. You can play it on your phone and on the Pc with the same account and it's free to play. It's
beautiful.
Gin, gin G. E. N
yep gets an impact. Yeah, if you don't mind anime aesthetics, it's great. It's a Gotcha game so they want you to pay money to buy characters and shit but you don't have to, I'm not going to pay them, I'm not going to pay them any money. And I've gotten a lot of, a lot of hours out of it already and you get, they
give you lots of the premium currency, they give it to you for free all the time. So there's not really,
unless, you know, unless you're a whale and really want to get a specific character maxed out or something, there's no reason to to give them any money. Fuck that. Yeah,
no, no. And, and it's especially if you're not going to get super deep into it, like you can just play it and it's just perfectly fine, like only really extreme coop content and game stuff might be benefited by paying money, but fuck that, it's just a big pretty world that you get to fly around in and kill stuff and there's wife who's, if you like anime girls, you know, it's it's a it's good. I recommend it.
Get
no, it runs on your phone too.
So I have a like, I I prefer to play it on the gaming pc because I live in the guest house, there's a gaming pc in in the main house and I prefer to play it on that, but I can play it on this crappy laptop that I'm on right now.
it's
you'll be fine. You'll be fine. I recommend it. What? So where are you from, Delaware? Delaware? Yeah,
I
don't
Okay. It's one of those places I forget exists. Like, like Nebraska, like, you forget Nebraska even exists, like what is? And I'm not being insulting. I'm really not trying to be insulting. It's just like one of those places that you're like, I never hear about Delaware. Yeah,
I'm
from Arizona. I live in the second biggest city because there's the twin cities in Arizona, I live in Tucson, so I'm really close to the border. It's really south. It's hot.
It's especially with the climate change going on, man. It was like the hottest and driest year in history. Yeah,
But it's finally cooling down now. I'd be wearing a sweater or something, but I just got back from the store, so I'm a little warm. Mm hmm.
Well, last week it was 95 I would say it's probably in the high 80s today, but it's been cooling down and like for example, last year it stayed cold. Like it got real cold around mid december and stayed real cold until like february. Mhm. And then it gets hot when it gets hot again, it's real hot, No snow or anything because it's southern. Arizona up north in Flagstaff and stuff, they get snow but not here, not like maybe three times in my entire life and I'm 30 right?
Yeah well Arizona is actually pretty weird because it's it's um the sonoran desert but to the east and to the north you get pine, the eastern Arizona is all pine forests and the northern Arizona is pine forests and totally it's like a different world. It's it's where like all the fancy people live who think that their high and mighty live in Flagstaff. Like rich people go to Flagstaff because it snows there and stuff. I'm like wow it's not hot up here
you know like okay it's also not even like there's nothing going on in Flagstaff besides old people and resorts and shit. We have a pretty cool like this is Tucson is my favorite city in the entire world and I've been all over the place. It's really cool. It's very laid
back and very west coast E and like a big stoner society kind of thing.
You know like everybody is just really chill. The guy I was recently in in the bay Area like a year and a half ago and in san Francisco and it drove me crazy how the modality of people were. Like everybody is in a big rush like everybody is like like what they're doing is really important and here everybody is just really chill and I like that.
Tell me about your city.
Yeah.
so now
I can I can I can picture it now. Mm
Snow and stuff.
you can
So it just sounds fairly temperate at least because I hated the south when I went to the south, the humidity there was just murder MS, Because Arizona is dry heat and everybody says, well, it's a dry heat. I mean it's unbelievably hot here, like 120° in the middle of the summer, but when I went, when I was like in Louisiana, Like the 80% humidity makes it feel so much worse. It's like uh like just my hot moisture, like a steam house
probably.
And and in the winter, the winter was weird because I've been through the south a couple of times when I went through the south in in like, I think it was late november, early december, everything was wet, like, like the whole world was saturated with moisture. I remember we were staying at this, this old country house in Louisiana and they had a boardwalk and when you stepped on the wooden planks of the boardwalk, they like leaked water, like everything was just moist and I hated it. I hated the food was amazing. The food changed my life in Louisiana. And my favorite food is because of that trip to Louisiana, red beans and rice. But the climate is not for me, not for me at all. What kind of music do you listen to?
Well. Nice.
Oh that's cool. I understand that. I used to listen to a lot of chip tune back
in the day which is using like video game chips to make music, not directly like video game soundtracks. Rost so much.
Yeah. Chip teams. All right. Uh I was a raver for five years back in the in the in the mid two thousands. So
I listened
to a what?
Oh you don't know what raving is?
Oh. Um uh That's a hard heart, kinda hardest way. Uh It's a subculture, raves are big electronic music parties where people do, where people do drugs. I I dropped out of high school when I was 16 and I moved, I moved to feed, I graduated and I've been to college and stuff, but I dropped out of high school when I was 16 and I moved north to phoenix because that's where the big parties were and uh did it full time, like I didn't have to have a job or anything, I was a raver full time. Uh And uh like we helped throw the big illegal warehouse parties with electronic music. It was a resurgence at that time, I'm not sure, I'm sure it's all weird college kids and shit now, but at that time it was a really, really cool place to be when you were a teenager, Lots of pretty scantily clad women and loud music. And and a lot of the parties were illegal, like they like, they forged permits for us to use these warehouses and it would be a big or like out in the desert desert. Party's our thing to where it's just like a whole bunch of people go out in the desert and set up stages and the party ends when the helicopters come and then everybody leaves.
Yeah. Yeah.
But you know, like, you don't you don't get individually arrested for that, they try to go after whoever the throwers are, but it's all indefinite, it's all indefinite. So everybody just kind of like scatters. Uh see uh riva raves are connected with the drug ecstasy, which I'm sure you've at least heard of. Yeah.
Mhm. So we did a lot of ecstasy and listen to a lot of loud music and it was a fun way to be when I was young. I was a long time ago now. I mean, that was started in '06, so quite a while
ago,
people.
You know?
Mhm. You might want to look it up just because you can so you can look up like a rave party just so you can because it's weird. It's like a whole culture of of weird freaking young people. It's a
it was it was a fun time in my life and if I could go back in time, even though it's kind of cringe e to me now, I would do it again because it was fun
the
most
mostly I like punk rock as raised by two punks. So, I got a punk shows. I mean, pre covid I haven't been to a punk show in forever, but
Yeah. Changed everything. It made me super paranoid about pretty much everything. And now, I mean, I was always a bit of an introvert, but now I'm like a mega introvert, I don't want to do nothing. I have to go to this, I have to go to the store and it's like
now I'm like extra like people walking. Like if I'm waiting in line and people walk in, I like back up. I'm like, God, give me my room, give me my room friend. So um I'm not I'm not trying to I just want to uh I'm getting prolific notifications, so we're halfway through. But I think we should go to the 30 after Because they don't have they don't have wiggle room and it has to be at least 25 minutes. So I think we should just go
to 30
after. And Is this your 1st 1?
think this is my fourth, I think
it's
my fourth.
Okay cool. I just like to go, I just like to go over because then we don't have a chance of the data not being worth it and wasting both of our time and it's not getting paid. These are my favorite studies, it's the easiest. And they pay the same day 15,
15 bucks, we'll get 15 bucks at like eight o'clock tonight, which
But
yeah it's not a pain, it's not really boring, I mean even if we don't particularly click or whatever, you can kill a half an hour talking to somebody where I can um are you familiar with the elder scrolls games? Like
like
oh you haven't played them though?
Yeah, it's not a big deal then if you were a fan, I was going to recommend you some cool stuff but it's all good.
Oh sure. Um well that the fourth one in the series or the third one in the series more wind was one of my like growing up games and I played it a whole lot, but they recently like fans have taken the older games and put them onto new engines for free and made them a lot better and a lot less buggy and a lot more playable, like uh elder scrolls to Dagger Fall, which is a DOS game was just recently ported onto unity which makes it awesome and way better and it's totally free.
because the first ones arena and arena sucks and the second one, the second one is Dagger Fall and it's famous for having the biggest in game world of any game. It's the end Game world is literally the size of great Britain. Like, like like literally the size of great Britain. It's unbelievably huge. If you were to try to cross it manually on foot. Mhm.
I'll look it up.
It was
1996,
Sorry, go ahead.
All
I didn't go to PC until 2001, so I was 11. Uh and so I mean I played a lot of, a lot of PC games but dagger fall was before my time. Like that was that was that's da serra like I had I think we started with Windows Millennium Edition Emmy, which is a terrible version of Windows.
Yeah, but you might want to check out dagger fall. Unity because if because dagger fall itself is three Bethesda gives it out for free. But it's unplayable in the modern it's unplayable on its own but with Unity and it has mob support so you can mod it it's actually a really fun dungeon crawler. It's me and the done a lot of the game is procedurally generated and the dungeons are huge and crazy and like unlike anything anything I've ever seen it's fun. You might want to check it out. It's no loss to you because it's also free.
so
quit.
I
have
not heard of landlord. My brother was really into dungeon crawlers when I was growing up so I might have seen her. I'll look it up. I might have seen it. Yeah.
I understand that. Yeah.
Yeah. Old school old school dungeon Groeller. Yeah I have not seen that particular game but I'm sure it's pretty fun. I don't like the the old dungeon crawlers where you move space by space. You know what I mean? Like the two D. Ones. I I don't know why I prefer especially like with with modern stuff the fact that it can be a crazy dungeon but I want to be able to move through it fluidly and turn around and look around and stuff you know? Yes.
very effective.
Tile based. But I remember my brother, my brother he played a lot of those like I said uh I remember he had he would map out the dungeons on graph paper so he had this this binder where he's like mapping out the dungeon on graph paper and like there's like a whole bunch of them and like puzzle answers and stuff like that's neat. I kind of like that like tactile like you gotta do it yourself kind of thing like that. There's not a map that's in the bottom of the screen or something. Like you got to, you got to map it out, you gotta
exile would be a good plan for that. Yeah, that's smart actually. I would still like that's keys. I hadn't even thought of that because I would like if I was going to do, if I was going to play through one of those, I would just get graph paper just have it like on a pad in front of me and you know gridded out and stuff. But that's that's smart especially
if you have like a second screen, you know a second screen with your excel on it.
Mhm. Sorry, I smoke a lot.
that's good. I'm glad you can't smell it. It's sort of a nervous habit, you know? So what do you do for work? Yes.
mm.
Right. Me that sounds fun. I do a gig work and
I'm
uh I'm a contractor, I am self employed. I I uh I do I. T. Services and like for example my most recent job was um
I was working for facebook actually I was working for facebook and training the ai to replace me. Yeah I was doing I was the job title was content administrator. So I uh I controlled what everybody saw on facebook and I classified what the posts were. I mostly worked in crime because there's a lot of different categories for content administration. I mostly did crime stuff because it doesn't it doesn't hurt my modalities and and you just use this complicated system to tag the posts so ultimately the ai will be able to do it instantly and better better than me.
But
it was
it was pretty good. It's pretty good.
How to how to turn the text, How to turn the text from a document into actual A. S. C. I. Text. Yeah
it's
sort of it's sort of a bummer but it's also I think that Ai is getting smarter is going to make our lives a lot better and make boring menial things. Just not a problem anymore. You know like you shouldn't have to we shouldn't have to look at a piece of paper and re type it. You know what I mean? Like you should be able to show it up to a camera and have that turned into a text document. That's the that's the that's the future.
Well
that would
be
great.
That would be great. Um Call be controversial. But I think that luxury space communism sounds awesome, luxury space communism where we have mega factories that just output all of the things that we need and we just live in luxury in space.
And and you know on an elective basis like you go and check up on on the on the automated factories, you know, you go and just make sure everything's working all right, poke around. Yeah. Yeah. Looks good time to go back to my flying space condo. That would
be wonderful.
We can dare to dream, so to speak. Yeah. Do you have any weird hobbies? I do. Yeah.
Yeah. Like 70s football games and stuff. Yeah.
My brother is a big sports fan. I've never been into it. But I always like those really old Like like watching the Buffalo Bills play in like 1980 or something, you know?
Yeah, I think that's pretty neat. Um Anything else besides old sports games, video games, old sports games. What else we got?
Come on. Do you like food? Do you cook?
Thank
you.
Okay.
a lot. Um I like metal working. I like making making knives and here give me a second. I can grab it. You sure you a knife I met? Yeah. Yeah. Earth.
This is from a, yeah, a spring from a truck. Okay. Yeah. The brass. It's a buck knife. Like a camping marry for something big honkin thingy. Um I make skateboards. Um,
I'm a published author. Um
Poetry, prose. I used to write copy for a billionaire, but then he died. It's okay. He was not a nice man. He was a, he was a billionaire. He was not a very nice man. Um I I play UKulele. Uh Yeah, I also drink a lot as you can probably tell but I'm not drunk right now my mind you I'm just drinking. We're almost done. Do you have any pets? Mhm.
Do you do you have any pets? Yeah.
Yeah.
Um I live with family, I live with my brother and my niece and my mom um in the big house. They have three cats, which are all pretty unpleasant because I don't really care for cats. I think they're kind of dicks. And my mom has two little dogs and they're amazing. They're not like yappy little dogs, they're just like sweet. She uh one is a shalini and she's old, she's like 12 years old. And she's just a just like, like I didn't know that dogs could like hugs but that dog loves being hugged just like hug and it's amazing. And then the other, the other little dog is a maltese, like a pure bred maltese girl and it's like a living teddy bear. It's like a like a teddy bear that walks on four legs and is real, it's sort of mind blowing how how cute it is, like you can't even like how can something alive be that cute? And she she usually has her hair tied up in a little ponytail on the top and it's just uh it's just it's crazy but I don't personally have pets because I don't like pet hair all over my black clothes. Yeah. So
cat
shed like crazy, like it doesn't matter because you can't you can't bathe cats like you're not you don't bathe cats, they bathe themselves and they're just going to be cat hair like all over your whole life if you have a cat and I don't uh know, and if my room was a little bigger, I'd probably have a dog or something. But it's, my room is pretty small, so I wouldn't feel good about having a dog in here even if it was a little one.
No,
I'm thinking
they do like a lot of work and I'm not always up for that. Yeah. Okay,
mm
absolutely, man. Absolutely. Well, we can call it here if you want. We went over.
That's good. All right, man. Well, I hope you have a really great rest of your day.
It was nice talking to you, man.