Hello.
Fine how are you?
that
that's fine.
My name is Elias
Griffith.
Mhm. Uh Well like playing video games. Um
um Sometimes I like listening to music and watching tv.
yeah that doesn't look neat.
Um I played this game uh Let me see what it is. Uh It's on the three DS It's called zero Escape Virtue's last reward
I remember.
Oh that's
Pokemon
open them.
All
I've heard of them. I haven't tried them yet.
Oh yeah that that is fun. I play games like that. Uh I think there's someone played like fire emblem I guess sort of.
Yeah I think it is yeah the
33
Yeah 33 DS games are I think are pretty affordable overall.
Of which, yeah.
yeah Breath of the Wild that's the must own game for the for the system.
What's
the name of the game again?
Thin and
All
that's me.
Yeah, I don't like paying for upgrades really?
Um Do you have to have a powerful
pc to run it?
Oh that's good.
Oh that that sounds good then. Yeah
my pc is like, I don't know, it's it's not that powerful. Uh Yeah.
that's where it lives. Yeah. Indeed
the
mid atlantic.
it's a pretty small state, there's not a lot of people
who live in it.
Yeah it's really hot there, isn't it?
wow.
What? Yeah, so it's now, I mean it's going to be winter and in a little over a month. So what's the weather like in Arizona?
So that's interesting. So up up north there's more snow.
What,
however
and
that sounds good.
So I live in new york in Delaware. And Delaware is on the east coast. Um
I guess it's it's south of new york and pennsylvania. Um Yeah
it's fairly
yeah it's close to pennsylvania and New Jersey and Maryland. Um Well what I mean when it's winter it gets very cold in the winter. Um
Yeah sometimes I mean not as much as uh some other parts of the country and when it's uh when it's warm it gets
hot and humid too but not as maybe not as extreme as in other parts of the country. Yeah.
Oh yeah I've heard that about Louisiana
gets really bad in the in the summer.
Uh Well rock music probably and and classical music to
um I guess I've been listening to video game music to some of the time.
All
Chip tune.
What's
that?
Well, what's that raber?
I'm not sure. I don't think so.
Uh What kind of helicopters like police helicopters or uh
All right.
Yeah, I've heard of that one yeah.
Now
yeah remember I mean when I was in college there were a lot of
um uh like uh it gets a lot of more extreme parties. Um I didn't go to that many party but sometimes like I went to some sometimes sometimes there'll be a lot of yeah a lot of people uh listening to music
and dancing and uh drinking a lot.
I am
Yeah you can see
the other
one.
Yeah. Covid 19 changed a lot of things. Yeah.
uh It's funny I already had a habit before. They had social distancing of not wanting to stand too close to people when I went to places now. It actually I feel validated what I do it.
I remember
that.
Uh This is it's like what have I done now? Uh
This is
number
five for me.
Yeah it is
yeah that's true. They paid quickly and um definitely
worth the time.
I've heard of
them
no but I've heard of you know Skyrim that that's the most popular one.
Okay maybe I mean I think I've been meaning to try them someday I guess I just never got around to it.
mm. Well I've heard of the I know the series started. I read that it started on the DOS in the mid nineties I mean.
That That's interesting. For I mean was that that was released in the 90s? Right.
Yeah. I mean some of those um reached the first elder scrolls I never tried but some of those early three d. games from the 90s sometimes they just seem fascinating me just because of now sort of like how three D. Looked then compared to now how
I didn't
even know. Yeah.
Uh Yeah I didn't even know when the game started coming out at the time. I was I was a kid. I didn't
even know they existed. I mean I didn't I didn't have a pc uh play games on a pc when I was a kid.
I remember that one. Yeah.
Oh yeah yeah maybe I'll try that out. Uh
There was some Or
there's some video game I played which is from um it's on dos and it's from the 90s was the first person Dungeon Crawler. And it was it's called Lands of Lore. I don't know if you heard that of
that
one.
and it was an interesting game. It was I just remember
it was by the company made command and conquer Westwood and it had I mean it's in two D. But it has um it has like large dungeons with a lot of puzzles and stuff.
I mean I I like those games but um yeah I make the whole movement
style it's clear it wasn't going to be used forever. They're eventually going to move to more natural movement and not do it that way.
Yeah that's what some of them are like you have to make your own map. Um I even used I played one of a couple of years ago and I used a computer like some Excel spreadsheet to make the map.
Thanks.
Oh yeah that would yeah that that is that's an even better idea. Yeah. Second screen
it's fine I can't smell it.
right now I'm in I'm looking for another job but I'm taking classes right now to be um an
oracle database. Um I'm taking trying to get a certification for that. So in the I think the job would be database administrator, that's what I could do. That certification.
Thank
you.
Yeah.
that
sounds
interesting.
Well I feel like it's been half my other job. The last job I had was data entry and I noticed they were you know they would scan papers too type that I'd have to you know see on the screen and then type what I see. And their machines were getting better over time. They could at first they needed us to type everything. Then their machines learn how to automatically read stuff.
Yeah and they started the machines kept learning more and more how to read stuff. So over time I could see like they need us less
and less for for input.
Yeah at some point I guess um the robots will just do everything
for us
or
do
a lot of stuff.
that could have happened. We just have the robots do everything and we just tax the robots and have like some welfare system that covers everything
you
know.
Let me think. Well the only I mean um I'm I've watched I mean replays of old sports games. I have a habit of watching that like games from from like years ago or 20 years ago, even more or something like that.
like that.
Oh yeah that yeah that are interesting
they think.
Yeah sure um well I like chinese
food
um and I think I like uh yeah
pizza, they don't like a lot of food. Uh Mexican food. Um Do you do you have any weird hobbies?
Right.
Skateboards.
Oh that's good.
Uh
no my well my sister has some cats so I see her cats sometimes. Um uh
If they were um one of them was was pretty nice. They would they would walk, they had a habit of walking up to people and rubbing up against them all the time, I like that.
that's have to be cleaned up after europe. Yeah, that's why I don't own one myself but it's
like.
Did
you take
a lot of work?
Yeah
I mean I mean when I visit my relatives sometimes I can see their cats I guess that's good enough for me right now.
Yeah it looks like we've uh going over now. Yeah.
You too
nice to talk to you too,