Okay. Uh huh. Right. Look. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Help. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. But mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Mhm. No. Yeah. Yeah. Hi.
Oh, that's okay. Hi, my name's Cat. What's your name?
Lauren? Lauren. Where are you from?
Okay. I live in ventura.
That's all. So uh Lauren, what do you do?
How old is your kid?
Girl. Girls or boys?
I'm a teacher. Well, I'm teaching online right now. Not like it's the classroom. Yeah.
Middle
School, 6th, 7th and 8th. Yeah, It's fun, but it's hard online. It's really the challenge. Are your kids doing online school? Yeah. Do they like it or?
Where'd you move from?
I
mean
it wouldn't
get that.
How do you like Burbank?
Gas.
All
congratulations. Mm hmm. Do you know the gender is a boy? A girl.
Oh, is that what you wanted? Or did you want another girl?
correct.
But
so you could raise them to not do that. Oh, that's great. When,
when are you due?
Okay. Okay. How does how does that make you feel during the pandemic having being pregnant? Mm.
well, congratulations. That is so, yeah. Uh are
you
um is it now? 12 years? Long time. Yeah. Long time. Yeah. But I love middle school. So it's so much
fun.
they can be a handful.
But it's good because you can still influence, you know their lives looking to girls. I feel like, you know, you can really get them on the right path where they think about themselves more than boys and other things. Yeah. That's good.
No,
remote the whole time. Yeah. It's
And they can get it. So like right now I'm homeschooling my five year old son too. So yeah, so it's a lot, but I I don't, you know, he's actually, my whole family actually got it already. Yeah, but he's, you know, he was four at the time and you know, everyone's like, oh then he's not going to get it, whatever. It's like he did get it. Yeah. So
Oh yeah, yeah, we're all fine. So
it was funny because I was super careful. I hadn't left the house in months. Like I didn't do any grocery shopping, I had everything delivered. It was just really bad. And the only time I left the house was to go get tested.
probably, um, my grandma came over to visit, we were distance. Like we were at least 20 ft apart, but she started coughing and she had been out, she has to go to doctor's appointments, she has to get shots in her eyes so she doesn't go blind so we think she got it and then she gave it to the rest of us. Yeah, it's like no, I've been so careful.
Yeah. How's your family? Is everyone okay?
mm.
Oh
No.
it doesn't and it doesn't have the kids like
see
and so you need to help those kids. They
cannot.
You,
you have to be able, yeah. Oh
man.
that's good. The when did you move to California? Mhm. Okay,
do you like it here or?
Mhm.
It's
hard to afford a house there, yeah, mm.
Mhm.
Sorry, can you say again?
ventura I went to L. A. For college but then I moved back up here So venture is so mild like like 10° difference at the most.
City
so
chill. I can't, the traffic in L. A. Drives him crazy. I just,
um what does your husband do?
Oh wow, that's cool.
mm.
Thank
you.
because I
know the restaurant industry has been hit so hard.
Yeah that happened to my brother in law to he works at the restaurant and he I think a couple jobs he had and then they're like oh no sorry we can't actually keep
you.
especially
when you didn't do anything like
We still can't go inside restaurants but we can eat outside. Mhm.
Yeah. But I don't know are people wearing masks where you live,
you know?
How
about
No, it's so not worth it either. Yeah.
It's funny my mom went to the eye doctor yesterday and she said that they're finding people who are who don't wear glasses. There's a higher infection rate because so much is getting through their eyes. It's not just like the mask. It's like maybe I should go get a pair of glass is just
Have your kids been out at all?
That
was my fun too. He's like can we go for a car rival?
It's suicide.
It's really sad. I
feel like we're gonna have, they're going to have so many issues and all these kids from this.
Like you see like even in middle school students, we're seeing a lot more depression and just they're struggling and it's so hard. Thank
you.
No,
it's just, it's just him and me here during the day. So it's like, and I have to teach and I do other things. So it's it's hard.
Yeah, it's easy. He's really smart so I can, you know, give him some stuff to do and he, he understands it pretty cook pretty quickly so that helps. I
can uh it's just hard and it's hard for the parents to, especially if they're older kids because we don't teach the same way today that we did when we were in school, totally different. Yeah. So her, are your kids doing okay? Are you helping them? Are they doing it by themselves?
It
But how
you do, it changes? Yes, it's so, it's so weird. It's so different.
if you ever um have you heard of Khan Academy? Okay, that's like a good way because it explains that the common core way, so
it's a little bit easier to help them. Mm
I've
got that too. Like, okay, how do they want me to do? Uh
I said I teach um language arts and social studies. Yeah. So
yeah, what did you do in the restaurant industry?
Oh, wow, that must have been fun. Mm
Seven
man.
Yeah, that sounds fun. Yeah, getting opening events. That's awesome.
Do
you think you'll go back to that after? Everything is hopefully better?
Mhm,
and it's it's hard when you have your first kid, it's like you don't want to leave them, it took me a couple of years before I go back because it's like they're just, it's hard, it's you don't want to leave him, they're so sweet. Uh so um your parents, you said your mom lives in Georgia, yeah, is she coming out for um the birth of your baby? It was,
that'll be good, that will be good to have help, mm hmm,
no.
but it's really nice, how do they feel about having a new brother?
Oh, that's good,
that's great. Who's more excited? Your daughter or your son? Mhm
Oh, that's good. Have you thought of names yet, or?
that's great.
So
what? And oh, that's so great, So
William
as a teacher, I've seen so many weird names and then kids get made fun of for them. I know some parents think it'll be unique, but I don't know, I've seen a lot like we're going with something that's easy to say that is normal. Yeah.
Yeah. So,
so, um Is your 11 year old in Middle School? 6th grade?
Okay. That's cool. And then next year in middle school? Oh, wow.
Yeah. Right. Oh, that's hard. And that's such a social time. They really need their peers. Oh my gosh, I hope this is over by next year.
I
really hope we just survived till the end of the year. Yeah.
They've
discussed it, but they haven't said anything yet. Mhm,
hmm.
Well, yeah, because they say it's going to get worse because of the flu and we have people among us who decide not to wear masks and wonderful. It's like really not hard. Yeah.
It's uh yeah. So what do you do for fun while you're home with your kids?
about the same. Yeah. Just we watched a lot of movies. Um we can go out in our backyard, but like I'm not taking in the park or anything like that because there are people there without masks. I'm like, I'm not doing it.
Why would you do that? They're not supposed to even be close to each other in school. Yeah. Okay.
So did you um did you go to college?
Where'd you go?
Thank
you.
Where's that
I went,
yeah, I went to U. C. L. A. Yeah. Yeah, it was nice. Yeah, it was nice because it was like its own area in L. A. Because L. A. Is hard to live in. Like, I really, there's so many people, but everything was close enough. We could just walk. We didn't, Yeah.
It is. What do you do in Westwood?
I'm, wow.
gosh. I miss that. Yeah. Oh,
that's fun.
Oh yeah, that would
be great.
mm. That's really cool. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
We're not all day. Like a lot of it, some of it's like videos. So I do stuff in the morning and stuff later. But yeah, just like I'm so exhausted and then I'm like giving my son paper like here,
can
you do this? Oh, man. Is it just, I feel like so many students are gonna not have the knowledge to go on to the next grade after this year, there's, and there's nothing we can do, but everyone's going to be behind. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, major.
So what are you guys doing for thanksgiving or christmas Anything
for
me anyway?
Small.
brought the same. I think it will just be yeah like a couple of us outside. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to my sister lives in texas so she usually would fly back with her family but now we can't even see him and it's like and yeah and her son is like eight months younger than my son and they're like best friends so they don't get doesn't get to see his cousin um
uh What was the cost Canyon Lake? Yeah it's yeah
I think it's in between san Antonio and Austin. Mhm.
Mhm.
Excuse
me.
I
don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I can't imagine flying right now. Like my aunt and uncle are going to Wyoming, Wyoming this weekend I think. Yeah. And why would you get on an airplane right now? I just would not work.
Hey?
why it's
not worth it, but they're a little crazy like they're like hardcore trump supporters so they kind of believe every single thing that he says was like well
no
they're like well because Uh four of us got sick but we all like survived. So I feel like they didn't really get the impact of it, like this is serious because most some people want it and they're like oh yeah it's fine, it's nothing like no, no.
It's very true.
Yeah. I just hope there's no like civil war after the election, like I really would just like to make it to 2021 just
make it.
because this has been the worst year. Uh It's hard to think like you think back to january february, there was stuff going on then that was huge and it doesn't even feel like this year.
Also
look well enough. That's awesome. Uh Yeah, it's just oh, it's bad and
I feel like I told my mom, I'm like, I'm gonna get a T shirt that says I survived 2020, this is going to be something like my grandkids are gonna ask, how did you make it through that? I have no idea
it,
It was nice talking to you
and congratulations, you're going to be a great mom.
bye.