Hey sorry.
I'm Lauren,
I live in L. A.
But it's funny.
Uh Not much at the moment, I would stay at home mom due to the pandemic. So february.
I have a nine and 11 year old. Ah
Want to meet a girl and a boy. What do you what do you do?
But well
great
they seem to like it okay. Um We actually just moved so they switch, they just moved schools, you know pandemic. Um So it's an adjustment but yeah I mean it's pretty crazy.
We were just we
did
L.
A.
Move but we changed school district, we were in L. A. U. S. D. Which is not great. So uh we live to Burbank so it's a better better situation. So
great. It's like it's great. Um It's like a neighborhood which is what I grew up
in. I was I mean that's what I was doing, that's what we like. So we're also expecting. So it's nice
to have.
boy
I so I'm actually a step mom. Um So this is my first time doing the baby thing and I was surprised I was kind of disappointed when I found that I was a boy. Um I mean obviously I'm grateful to be pregnant and happy to have a baby. But it was funny that I think just because like I know what it's like to be a woman, I know how to like okay
someone and what bs that we all deal with and with a guy I'm like oh I don't want you to do all the things that I don't like
that a lot of men do. So.
Cora
March.
It's pretty crazy. On the one hand I wouldn't have been unemployed otherwise. And there's been days when I can't imagine like working full time being a full time mom. And like so on the one hand that's been I guess a blessing. But on the other hand like we're super isolated. I'm you know harry thinking about what will happen and obviously we have to be more careful about getting sick. Oh now so
how long
have you changed,
we'll
do because you need people who love it that's for sure. Let me
I
that then you've been remote the whole time you didn't start back at
all.
My hope there's nothing to talk about. You know there's a we got that we have a there's a parent meeting next week about like R. A. Q. And A. I guess. And it just makes me nervous thinking about going like you know I I know this is an ideal for the kids but also you know it's stuff
it's okay now,
man, it's so crazy.
And so do you guys know how it came into your house?
No, it's a that's very all right, well I'm glad you guys are all okay
so far. Yeah,
my sister is a teacher, she's in Minneapolis um
and so they she's not in Minneapolis, so it's cool. She's in a suburb school district and this is her first year going back after having kids like terrible timing, but so he's in person,
but the kids have like there's two cohorts I guess. So one day she has one group and the other ones are online and then the next day as the others, which to me makes no sense because she's just as exposed to as many people like
like
yeah, she has to support people who are online at the same time, supporting people in person, right? She teaches es el too. So like mhm
Hot.
You have a like a normal mask at first and she was like, they can't see my mouth like they can't, they
don't know what I'm saying. And I was like, yeah, absolutely. I have trouble and english is my first language. So um
sports
but there I mean you know knock on wood so far, they seem fine. And my nephew just right kindergarten in person over there. So crazy. Huh? And then my parents, my dad lives in Minneapolis and my mom is in Georgia and there so far so
2007. So
I do um
I don't love L. A. I think there's most, almost almost every other part of California is much more well that's not true but coastal California like the further north you go to me the more beautiful it is. Mm And it's you know like the older I get, the more I want to be able to afford, you know, house
and like God.
but yeah,
so, and there's a lot of things I can't imagine like the weather, I can't imagine going somewhere cold. But also now it's like, well it's almost the middle of october and we're like, oh it's 100 degrees fun. So I don't know like Our in Race two,
are you born and raised here?
Yeah, that's great. I mean every time I passed through there I'm like this
seems like a very nice and reasonable place
to live
that the people, Yeah,
he's a chef.
Yeah. So he's been working the whole time thankfully. Um
He was he's executive chef of a like fancy catering company. And so they
used to
like, you know, he went from doing stuff for the Oscars to all of a sudden like boxed lunches and meals for front line workers and stuff like that. So um he's probably bored but we're all grateful that he's working
so.
Yeah, yeah that's where I was and so I was I've been I was furloughed in March and then in july they were like this is back.
I
know that was like so heartbreaking people talking about getting fired once, it's terrible and then getting fired again. Come on.
Well
totally. Are you guys under the same level of like like has more of your stuff been able to open back up?
Yeah, that's the same here
where we moved from. People weren't really like um but where we are now, I mean in stores and stuff um
But yeah for the most part people
wear masks but
sometimes I see people and I like, like we were gonna we went for a walk and my husband was going to go in a little liquor store to buy some beer and like there were two guys there with no masks and I was like, you're not going in there, sorry.
Okay.
Yeah. I've been wearing I wear them for like distance our night driving. So when I go to the store I put those on. I mean I have been doing most of the shopping. But yeah, like when I read that I was like, okay, we're covering our eyes. This is so crazy.
No bless their hearts. Like we had
to pick up something at Lowe's and they were like excited to go and sit in the car
in there
and just comment, you know everything they see. And it's like, oh, this is Yeah. Mhm.
Movie,
totally.
your son
have anybody who can play with like, do you guys have a
little pot or anything?
How do you do that? That's incredible. Keep asking doing your own work. That's crazy.
So especially
They're doing okay. We're, you know, we're helping them. It's, I mean such a fine line between like you have to be responsible for this on your own versus, but I want you to get everything done. Um
but it's funny like when I sit down to try to help because like the fifth graders on long division and I'm like, okay, like common core. So I need to like get like figure out okay. And I was like, the numbers don't change, but
the
yeah, it's crazy. Mhm.
What?
cold uses sometimes, but I might need
to like go on there and watch the video.
But what with it?
There's this one
I was an events manager for a strong um We did like we had a private dining room so I coordinate all that and then also like offsite parties and catering and stuff.
Yeah. I had just, I was in a different catering company and we had a friend or like a kind of an acquaintance through a mutual
friend and she approached me about starting the catering and events for the restaurant. So I had only gone and then I started their last september so the
but it was fun, it was stressful and the commute was terrible and um she was a little bit nuts to work for us. Yeah, I mean I liked it, it was fun. So.
and
so
write a great question. I don't know. Um Probably just because I don't, I mean as far as like quantifiable marketable skills, that's pretty much what I've got. Um But I don't know, it's like hard to say. I mean my husband, he's a he's a chef, we do some stuff on our own and hopefully like more that can come back soon. Mhm. But
it's so crazy to know where. Yeah.
we're trying to figure out how that's gonna work, but. Yes.
Yeah, of course my vision was always that she would be with me, but right now they're only letting one person in the room with here, so
I guess that has to be my husband. But yeah, I mean just for her to be here for when we come home and to stay with the other two would be great,
we're excited.
Well
probably my daughter, I they're kind of like slipped from what we thought would happen which is kind of funny. Um But they're both for both excited so
we're like thinking but for now we're calling him bob
right she's like we're not we're not naming him that I was like no
but we're calling him that. Yes. Yeah.
What's your
name? That's nice. Classic.
Yeah totally.
Yes
he's in fifth.
Crazy. I mean I was grateful that it wasn't You know what a wild time to start kindergarten or to start 6th grade. I mean it's wild regardless but I was glad. At least we weren't also starting middle school like this.
and all
the rest.
Exactly. Does your system talk about going back in january or it's
like all up in your?
I'll be really
surprised I think.
Mhm.
Mm That's a good question. Uh huh. We like hang out outside a lot and I have a sewing machine that I'm trying to like do little projects. I haven't wrapped up making masks yet because I like I don't want to mess it up and I'm like still messing like I'm very new to sewing. So um yeah we like play games watch movies. Well. Yeah.
they just reopened playgrounds here and I'm like no.
yeah
I did. Yeah
I went
to Mcallister
College
Minnesota. What about you? He said
you can't.
I worked in Westwood for a little while actually. Yeah like a funny bubble. Yeah
I worked at an online law school.
Yeah it was like a while. Yeah. Um So we're on the corner of Glendon and Wilshire in the U. S. Bank building but I would walk over to like Diddy Riese or whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah and I'm actually going to be going to U. C. L. A. I just got transferred referred over there to the maternity clinic there so I'll be helping her.
What
or? Yeah.
so well is this your lunch break? Is this how you have to
There
is
it's definitely have long term. Yeah
that's for sure. Yeah
I
mean
we have an outdoor patio so we could probably safely have you know a few people over and we haven't talked about it. I mean No one you know we want like no one will be visiting from out of state. Um
We'll just be you know Loki lonely but you know what we want to do right now. Yeah.
Well we're part of texas.
or
Um Yeah
we have good friends who his daughter and her mom lives, They live in Austin and they're trying to figure out like she is, I think she's in 9th grade and she normally spends
the summer
comes for a chunk of the summer and obviously she couldn't come. They're trying to figure out like how to safely see her. It's just like, I don't
know, I don't know how you do it.
Like if you have to, it's ones or like if, you know, it's like if you have
to, but if it's like a vacation and like not
like,
Did it seems like after he got sick, did they
have a change of like,
Uh huh. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure that there, you know, it's sad that we all have to be apart for thanksgiving, but I'm sure there will be a lot of awkward family conversations that won't have to happen
between from the elections. It's not on it.
No.
What I'm surviving Vietnam.
Yeah. There's some funny meme of the actor from ant man and the wasp, the guy who talks really fast when he picked him up from jelly, like filling him in on what he missed. So the medium is like all the things that happened that none of us remember anymore. And you know,
paul reds characters like, oh wow. And he's like, I'm not through january yet. Yeah.
Get to the other side for sure.
Yeah. Did we do? All right. Yeah. All
right. Well, I think I think we're at or good on time. What?
Well, it was nice to wear.
Well, thanks so much.