Uh huh
Hi, how are you?
I'm
good,
yeah, pretty good. Uh Sorry,
wait
yeah. Oh usually when I'm not using my webcam I put a piece of tape over it.
yeah yeah that's what I did and then I started this and I was like oh no I forgot to take the paper off.
Uh Yeah I just moved outside. It's a little dark inside even with the lights on
Tennessee,
Mhm.
as
the sorry?
yeah I'm a little south of Knoxville, I'm in uh I'm in Chattanooga actually, it's uh
Yeah
you
did.
Yeah. How's the
weather
in
Virginia?
Is
this
your
I don't know, it seems like they said that there that they're recording like conversation, so I'm guessing maybe maybe it's some start up for a new video conference thing or something like that to see how it works. Uh But I haven't been able
but it's a yeah, I've been trying to figure it out myself. I was I was happy. I got the invite.
Mhm.
I'm gonna try and move a little bit. You're breaking in and out, you hear me? Yes, sorry, you cut out for a minute, You hear me
Yeah, the
screen
froze
for
nick,
it's pretty nice. It felt maybe a couple of weeks ago, it felt like it was going to get cold uh and it was like chilly at night for a couple of days and now it's just back to warm Southern weather.
anything
from, I'm actually a writer um that was my major at college, was writing and uh theater directing. Um So I moved to Chicago for a few years and uh then my my mom who lives in Tennessee, she got ill so I came back to Tennessee to take care of her. Okay. But
uh yeah that's uh being uh kind
of shut down during the pandemic has given me a lot more time to to work on writing. So that's one positive I guess I could take away from it.
How about you?
So
sorry. Breaking a little bit.
That's
Seriously, I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. It's
breaking
up a little bit. I'm trying to
I
can hear you, I can't um Yeah
that uh play plays and short fiction have been the two things that work done. Mostly. A friend of mine just recently started a new uh it's it's it's kind of like a sound form podcast um where they produce yeah you send in work and he mixes it with his own sound designs and uh it's he's been doing pretty well with it, so I'm contributing to that right now,
come on, so
I
don't know.
I bet. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a
it was a little bit uh at the beginning it was a little bit like, what am I gonna do? You know like during the son like, and then you just, it kind of like naturally just eased into that, like, I have to keep myself occupied somehow. So I guess in that way it was it was it was good and being productive because of that, like it forced me to be productive.
Um I have not. I actually um the last time I got a real haircut was january. I've been uh family has been cutting when I had my hair since then, and yesterday was the first time I actually went and got a real haircut, I've just been wearing a hat for so long, they like, my hair was sticking out the sides and I was just like, I can't do this anymore, so I finally a real hair cake. But uh restaurants I go to, I'll go to like get takeout from fast food or something, but blue. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. Yeah, in a way that that's happening.
It's uh Uh huh.
I
would do,
that's
that's uh
but I so I'm not completely comfortable with going to a restaurant and just hanging out there anything, I've got a couple of close friends um who I see uh occasionally, but
as
far as
uh just like going out in public and stuff like that, I'm not like super comfortable doing that right now, I am.
What
my.
I totally
totally agree with that, like it's
kind of strange, like uh I thought like I was getting a cold and then when you when you feel that way like you assume the worst, I was like oh no, and then I started thinking about where did I go? I didn't go anywhere, but it's a it's definitely been a year, that's for sure, I hope you can hear me get off again, okay. Mhm, mhm Yeah, wow. Yeah, but no I'm sorry, it's it's I've lost video but I could hear you kind of Hello, you've got exciting, mm Mhm Uh huh I'm still here if you can hear me Yeah Mhm Yeah Hello, yep, Mhm Yeah, yeah Mhm Yeah Oh yeah,
it's
I don't
know
what's going on,
Yeah, is this the first one you've done? Or
this is first one? This is my third, the first one I did work great, The 2nd 1, the person didn't show up, and this time it's it's uh breaking in and out, so maybe that's how they're testing it.
It's
been three.
Yeah, I'm definitely going to stay on here just just because I know if we stay on here and we have the conversation, we're still get paid at the end. Like it's it's a
I love Chicago. I really,
It's a great city. Um I lived right uh
I lived in a I got really lucky, I lived in a rent controlled uh Historical building that used to be a schoolhouse from
the 1800s. And uh I lived on the very top floor and I was about a 10 minute walk away from lake michigan where there was a beach right out there. So
it was it was great. And uh I lived upstairs from a bar there is here cut right across the street, like so many restaurants just coming downstairs. And then uh I lived in a, I had a 24 hour bus Right on my intersection and then the Red Line train was a five minute walk away. So it was, it was the perfect location.
I
it is, it's so much fun. I've still got friends who work at a Chicago Shakespeare out of the navy pew. And uh yeah, I miss it. I miss it. I haven't been there uh since last spring, but yeah, it was, there was, you're never bored, There's always something to do or you know, like even if you're just sitting at home, you could just hear the city go. Yeah, it was just, it was great. And I've got, I've had friends who've moved to Chicago and they moved into like the suburb sections of Chicago, which I never really understood because to me like the fun part of moving to the big city, like that was being in the big city. Uh
I do
well.
Yeah it was great. And like in the summertime you Uh you get done with your work at like five p.m. and you just walk to the beach. It's a weird concept when you think Chicago, you don't think beach,
but I mean it was right there and like I did when I moved into that apartment, I didn't even know it was there Like a friend of mine who had moved there around the same time one day she was like uh she's like do you know what's 10 minutes away? And I was like yeah the train and she was like no
went for a walk and all of a sudden you just see this, you know, lake michigan with this, this manufactured beach and it was amazing,
but
I can't.
Um
Yeah, it's a it's um like there was that statistic that happened like right, when all the shutdown, everything happened, you know, like how uh pollution and everything went down because of our emissions and all that stuff. And I was like, I was thinking like I'm like I would go to the grocery store like once a week and I would just see all these cars out on the road and I'm just like where are these people going right now, you know, they're not all going to the grocery. So it was it was surprising to me.
this
has
been
a super super weird year. Yeah. Yeah.
it would, it's uh it's almost the end though, so there's there's that I guess.
um I actually have a eight year old nephew and six year old niece that I have spent every Halloween with them. So I think we are not entirely they lived in like a gated community, so they usually do Halloween within their community uh because I think there's like a I don't know how many like 100 houses, so like it's just and his family based on all the families just walk around and huge thing. But uh I have no idea if it's on this year or if I feel comfortable this year or I don't know if my sister is comfortable with letting my niece and nephew like your trick or treating because you have to touch so much stuff and it's been crowded in the past, that's that's the reason I'm all we're worried about it because it's
no.
Yeah. Yeah. They're doing it from home.
That's
Jump.
definitely. And uh, I think a friend of mine works for the school board and he said that uh, there have been so many cases that have already popped up like right at the very start that they have to cancel classes, schools that were hybrid moved to online. Um, they just have to shift everything I could understand I guess in a way, uh, sorry. I never know where to look because the camera is up here in
the screen.
It.
Um, but I guess
I could, in a way, like parents who have to go to work. Uh, well maybe you understand Like I, I could, I realized that they must be in a really tough position like how do I provide for my kids if I can't go to work, but at the same time, how do I send them to school with all that's going on?
Yes,
I
think,
yeah, it's a
I've been working on a collection of short stories um that's a bit like longer form, I've never like I guess uh like if I have a beginning, a middle and an end, like I can't, I've never been able to stretch it out in a way, like I put all the details in as much as I can like. Right. And it just, it feels more cohesive to be like uh uh or more solid I guess than than trying to put like empty words just to fill it out, make it longer. Um They're not uh not dissing novels or novel writers or anything like that. It's just it's just been something that I've never been particularly good at um
product.
Thanks,
that is extremely true.
Is there a particular uh like non fiction genre that you're mostly involved in or?
that's really
Yeah and you you feel like like you put your entire self into your work because I mean it has to come from you, it's not like it's not like a company saying this is what you have to do, it's you saying this is what I have to do? Yeah, I completely agree, it's it's extremely rewarding.
So
that's really cool. There's a right down the street from where I live, there's a there's a gas station, it's A 32nd Drive away and uh there's some woods out behind the gas station where there are a lot of homeless people that live there. Like you could you could see their their tents and stuff set up. And uh, there are a couple of times where I've talked to a couple of people and you could tell like, like 11 of the guys was, was a veteran, um, from uh, and it's really interesting just just talking to these people and, you know, like they did all this stuff and now they were living like behind the woods in a gas station. It's, it just reminded me like, what you were saying about talking about talking paralyzed veterans and stuff like that, but
Yeah. You know, like nobody expects stand up in that place and
especially when you when you put yourself out like that and then that happens, you know, it's but uh,
there are other people that I mean there that I think they just they they'll just sit out there at the gas station just because I mean I guess you get to look at people and you're not in the woods and attempt Yeah that
yeah, it's a but they were nice people. Uh people have this like uh yes the word homeless has become kind of like this kind of terrible word to describe somebody, you know? And it's I mean basically what it means, it's it's somebody without a home, that's it, you know, it's it's not a terrible description of their character. Mhm.
Yeah.
wow.
that's uh I saw a movie recently um about that very it was about a military veteran, two suffer from extreme PTSD. So he was raising his daughter in the woods and then they get caught and uh she gets taken away from him because they want her to have a normal life. And so they get reunited and they put it in a house together. It's called I think it's called Leave No Trace but they find an apartment and stuff like that. And then uh he just can't deal with the PTSD aspect of it. So then he has to uh it's actually like it's it's a really sad movie because at the end she decides she just wants a normal life and he can't stay around other people because of his PTSD. So he ends up in the woods and then the neighborhood community uh takes up for the girl. Thanks Karen and
and
It's
yeah it is so hard to imagine like having like having to live like that you know, it's what must be going through your mind all the time. We're having even having those experiences like being in a war. It's a visual. Yeah.
Yeah. So I
started talking about this because you you said you would yeah
work
with
their veterans.
Mhm.
It really is, yeah, it's a it's really interesting stuff but uh I'm super glad that that's the work you're doing that's that's inspiring, you know like it makes me want to go talk to the the people that the the gas station and just ask them
about
their lives.
it's uh yeah, it's a good idea. It's yeah, I think if you if you lived around here like you would have a greater because it's so rich with characters that you could meet.
it's it's a small city but it it doesn't like it's the best of both worlds. Like you have this small city kind of mentality but it's also like a metropolis in certain ways there there are a lot of things to do here. Um Not not currently but it's
Yeah. Hey but I am, gosh, when was it? There's there's a theater program called S. E. T. C. Like when you're in college and you have to go audition for these different jobs where so in theaters and they hold it in different cities. So the last time I went it was in um Norfolk Virginia, I think it's Virginia
and Virginia
Beach.
And I went to Virginia Beach that night and it was it was a great time. And uh I went there with a friend who she drove there and at night she was just like you can borrow my car if you just want to drive around the city and I was like but I'll do it, it's better than a hotel room.
But uh yeah it was a good time but from what I saw I really liked it.
Yeah I was only for two days. And uh yeah the night I went to Virginia beach I went a friend of mine we both went and it was there was nobody around, it was nighttime and we saw this guy walking towards this with a whiskey bottle and it was like a you know like the guy was walking towards us and we were walking in the park that towards them and we saw him and were just like they were like we're in a brand new city like let's maybe go the other way and then there
was a sand dune and the guy just kind of like drop down to his knees in the sand dune. And we're like yeah well that was enough of the beach. Maybe it's better. Yeah. Right. Get a bit of completely nice guy who's just
So
you
At times. Well, I didn't catch your name. What was your name again?
Lynn, Clinton, Michael. Yeah,
nice to meet you
I know, it was super surprising. Uh you're right. And I was like, that is amazing though
too, was a tech person and I'm not really like that. Yeah, a super nice guy. We just uh it was it was, we talked about tv shows,
California.
Thanks.
I
yeah, yeah, I like it too.
It was nice to meet you too. And uh best of luck with your writing. I sincerely
mean that because I think what you're doing is uh really, it's a it's a really good thing. So super.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a they someone uh one of our other friends who had submitted something to on that podcast just won something called the third Best Coast Award. I have no idea what that is. He sent me an email and it was like, I've got to look it up because maybe I want to win, so I have no idea.
Yeah, It's it was very nice to meet you, Lynn.
fingers crossed in Youtube.
Bye.