Hey
Good how are you?
Can
hear me okay.
All right no problem.
Yeah I went black for a minute and I didn't know what happened. It's working now.
I don't think I'm so paranoid. I put like a post it note.
Oh wow. Are you you're outside
um Where are you? Like
what state? Okay. Okay I'm in Virginia. Yeah. Yeah Northern
Virginia just outside D. C. I
usually
no obviously so I usually come through Knoxville is the halfway point to visit my family. I always stay in Knoxville Tennessee so. Mhm.
Oh yeah last
time I let's see a couple of christmases ago somebody uh had I had a little fender bender in Chattanooga on my way christmas
because that
traffic is so bad through that. Yeah somebody hit me from behind. Yeah because it wasn't bad. So.
So
what
do you
think this whole survey is all about?
What
do
you think the surveys about? Okay
I didn't even think about that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
me too. It's kinda cool. Was for a minute. What? Right.
Mhm.
Now I can, yeah,
yeah,
I
can hear
you now. Yeah, it did. That was weird. Um
So yeah, the weather here is pretty, how about there? Yeah.
Yeah, that's kind of what it's doing up here to um I had those two days where you can turn the A. C. Off and that's always good welcome. No. Yeah. So well what do you
do for a living?
that's sweet.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
I am, I'm actually a writer as well, so that's kind of cool. Um I do nonfiction and stuff, but right now I'm I'm a storyteller for a non profit, so this is kind of funny. I do this kind of thing a lot of the time talking to are the members of our organization and getting their
stories and you know putting that out immediately. Okay. Um But no that's really cool. I can see or you I mean would you can see yourself?
I wonder
why um
Is
it
that you would you consider
yourself
Mhm.
That's
I agree about the downtime, you know, I was lucky enough not to have a a
job
that I lost during Covid and we just shifted to working home, but I do get you get so much more done because your work life balance is a little bit better. I mean it's weird to not have a social life really, but there's no commute, you know that's that's a big thing up here in D. C. Is the commute is horrible, so
just have a lot more time. Um Yeah,
that's cool.
Have you have you started to go back out a little bit like have you seen Friends or gone to a restaurant or anything?
it all broke up again.
And either anyway so you
said
you would go
get takeout
I heard that.
I've
tried
twice
twice to go sit at like an outdoor patio and have drinks and stuff and
um both times it rained
and we have to we have to go inside and of course there's not many people out anyway but it's just weird it's just not the same and then I would get home and feel really scared and uncomfortable that I might have gotten it so I just I don't like
it.
What?
okay.
Hi you're back gosh I hope
I
hope
this apps not working well if that's what it is it's not really cool so wow. Um
Yeah, this is the first one,
maybe, I don't
know,
I was, yeah, it cut off for a long time, so
yeah, I'll do the same, yeah, I'll stay on the same, I was asking you do you think you would go back to Chicago eventually?
I do too, Yeah.
Yeah.
Happy,
Oh, that's so amazing,
Yeah, that's the life, God, that is a it's
a fun fun city,
Mhm.
Yeah, like my my aunt and uncle
lived there and raised kids there for a few years out in vernon hills, and I understand that because they were established, they weren't like younger people starting their career. Yeah, but to live in the city is where that's where all the activity is, That's.
No.
No.
Yeah. That's cool. Uh
huh. I live about a half an hour from downtown D. C. Amount in the suburbs. But it's still fun to go in. It's still fun to go in every once in a while and do stuff. There's a lot of stuff to do here. But like the Smithsonian's been closed forever so um you can walk around and there's still there's still like a lot of tourists that come and hang and that's another reason why I don't want to be downtown because it's really
crowded and I feel like I'll pick something up if I'm with a lot of people and. Yeah. But
I don't know where all these people are coming from. Why are they traveling to dC. That I just don't understand. I don't know. It's.
It was amazing at the very beginning where I would have to go out and remind myself to like crank my car because I would leave it for days, you know? And with the battery, I was like, I need to make sure my car is still running because I was just locked in the house for so long and it was just so, it's still surreal. This whole year is just really, it's just weird.
It's
just
so,
I'm ready for, I don't know for there not to be such bad news and hysteria and I'll be great. It would be great.
So what's your, what we all do for the holidays?
Are they in school that they're doing homeschool
like, do they?
Yeah. Yeah. Um Most of the
kids around here are doing it at home too. At first they offered parents hybrid. They said you can send them the whole time or just half the time and then they just changed it and said forget it, just stay at home. So. Yeah. Which I
don't know if I had a little one. I don't think I would feel comfortable sending them. I would keep them at home with me I'm
I
don't
know.
Never.
Right. It's probably it's probably really hard. I mean there have been days where I've been on calls all day or I've had deadlines or urgent things to do and I can't imagine if I had a kid I was trying to teach or get settled or make lunch for I don't know what I don't know what I would do. They must be going crazy over all these months. It's gonna be crazy. But I wouldn't want my kid to be at school and have the risk of picking it up either, so um Yeah, lucky,
lucky in that
regard.
Well,
gosh, I hope I can, I hope you have a play one day soon or a book, do you think you would write a book? Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm not good at fiction, I don't think I'm just
strict, I'm almost strictly non fiction. Um Truth is often stranger than fiction
anyway, there's plenty of stories to tell that are real.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so so that's kind of cool. So I get to interview a lot of meet people and kind of learn about their lives and tell their story and
no, I've been kind of all over the place, but it tends towards the more emotional and the journey kind of thing. And then, and then like right now I'm I'm working for an organization that works on behalf of paralyzed veterans, so really magnet right now. Um
so yeah, that's cool. It's rewarding work, you know, you know, being a writer, writer doesn't really pay a lot of money, but you know, it's it's a happy reason to get up in the morning, I'm motivated by it, that's important. So Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. So stuff you have worked for different people over the years and gotten to interview of a wide variety of people and it just tends to be different stories
of different individuals, whether they're, you know, famous or not or just every regular, regular everyday people have done essays and stuff and that's just kind of my little, my little home where I reside. So.
and it's it's there. But for the grace of God go I like you don't just one small thing or one small trajectory in your life could have sent you there to it's really yeah.
No
that's
uh that breaks my heart I'm gonna.
mm
that's a very good point. Yeah I saw I think it was probably about a year ago on Reddit I saw a post from somebody who had posted a picture of his new apartment and he said I finally got out of the ghetto my daughter and I are spending the night in our first home that we've had and I saved it because I want to talk to that guy so bad to find out what his story is and how he got out to see how he's done you know and I pray he's still okay but just it was such a serene and such a sweet picture to know that he had some security now and his daughter was asleep in her bedroom and he was, you know, I just think I would love to know who that person is. So yeah,
that would be great.
Yeah. I talked to somebody the other day who had married a Vietnam War veteran and she
said that whenever they went to a restaurant he had to sit with his back against the wall so he could see everything going on and that he couldn't go to like a, he could never shop at a big box store or anywhere that would be crowded and too much going on because it just messed with his head. He couldn't be around
all those people.
Yeah. So I always learn a lot
grateful.
No, I'm glad
you didn't
know.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. It's a cool job. Um, and they're also, they don't ever want to be called inspiring, but I mean, those guys and women to, they could kick my butt. I mean they're in a wheelchair and they do every sport imaginable. I mean they play wheelchair rugby and um, the golf, you know, they swim, they race, I mean, I do and they're just like tough and it's cool to see. Yeah.
It's cool to say,
you
should.
Gosh, as a writer. Yeah, you should. And you're a personable guy. You could really make some friends and get some stories out of it. Yeah.
I have a friend up here from Chattanooga. She just came back, she was visiting her family there and she loves Chattanooga. She loves it. Um, she works for some shipping company up here, but she said if she could, she would go back in a heartbeat to hang.
I think it's pretty, I think that one of the prettiest drives is from Virginia to Tennessee. I really do think that's really pretty country through there. Yeah,
yeah, Yeah. Norfolk Virginia. That's down south by Virginia Beach and Hampton
roads
and
no kidding, wow,
I haven't been down there in a while. Um, but I wanted to go actually, I was planning to go this summer, but maybe next summer go down. Yeah.
And
But still,
you don't
know. That's kind of weird. Better to be careful. No. Oh
my name is Lynn
to meet you.
Glad I got to meet a fellow writer. I always love it.
And
Where did he live?
Okay, cool. Yeah. I just wondered about this prolific. I like it. I like taking these
surveys and we, and, and I think it's kind of fun
just in the morning with my coffee before I fire up my email. I always check to see really good school.
Yeah, whatever. Remember? Well, good. It was nice to meet you.
Yet.
Well, thank you. And I it's fun. And I do. I hope everything takes off for you and also your friends new venture. I hope that goes well. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Well, good luck.
You too. Have a good afternoon and a good rest of your 2020 fingers crossed.
Thank you. Bye Michael.