mhm
Yeah.
Yeah. How young
they are. We're back in the States. I
it's kind of frozen. Is it frozen for you as well? Yeah. What's up? Mhm.
Oh, I can tell you know?
Yeah. It's got like this little person icon.
How weird. But the audios.
maybe we can. Hopefully this still counts. Right?
Yeah. Sweet. All right. That's good. Sorry, I missed what you said in the U. S. You are
Georgia. Um I
understand in new york the moment.
What's up?
Yeah, I'm only here for like a week just visiting from Rhode island.
So
I'm not living in new york city, so I'm not really sure. I'm a situation. Yeah. I'm just out on Long Island at the moment and it's pretty chill here from
just everywhere, mosques and everything obviously,
but I think you and from a lot better in the last
samples.
What about Georgia? How's that?
What?
Yeah. And people are just, they're all going wild now or are people like starting to kind of realize,
this connection is so bad
I guess.
yeah, I can say now.
huh
I'm not
our
as long as we can hear each other so good.
What's that?
My favorite tv show uh
got to be misfits. Like you've
never seen misfits. Yeah.
Um it's about it's an english show and
yeah it's from it's from England and it's about a bunch of young offenders who
get cornered Storm and they're not getting superpowers and they have like a really
they're just like they're filling out their community service but like
keeps
the shit goes down and it's it's like it's just like a good I find it so hilarious. Um Yeah that's pretty much that's really like off the top of my head, my favorite show. What about you?
It's
man, you broke up towards the end, right?
Oh yeah. You know um the guy finally funny that you say that because the guy um
yeah,
man, that's so funny. Yeah, I love that. His name is robert Sheehan.
That's that's the guy. His um
he's
I found him so funny and
I think
I watched like one or two episodes Umbrella Academy
and
I find them as funny and that as in this book, but maybe I should watch more about other Academy.
Have
anything like one episode.
How many seasons does it have?
Yeah. And then they're still making seasons still filming.
Oh true. So pretty young.
All
It's really yeah, it is such a good actor.
It's
yeah. How are you working at all at the moment?
You finish working in two days? How come?
Uh huh. On tv show I you finished in two days home done?
That's
the
well it
you must have had like no sleep,
can you? Yeah
and
more.
That's a good question. Um
how well?
Uh Oh man, I don't know
I guess.
Uh No, honestly I can't think of anything that I've been like
doing
much
in the
last few months.
I kind of had to stop hanging out with people and um no, I'm sort
of skating a bit but I haven't scared it in like two months.
So that night
Yeah, I don't know if I can call that a hobby at the moment.
Yeah, I've got a I've got a kind of into coding recently just trying to keep myself out of code.
Yeah. Well like I find it so interesting, but at the same time it's like
show because like it could be the like you could just have a space bar in there that you don't know, is there? And
well
on
that,
it's hard because like, you're staring at this code for hours, right? And then um so so it's hard to pick up the
mistakes because you're so used to looking at it, you need like fresh eyes to come and look
at it,
see if the mistake there.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, so I've been doing a bit of that recently
sort of, yeah, I like styling online course and uh it's like a great to pass the time. Um you know, my my girlfriend, she's working from home, so I've got to like kind of um find something to do,
some more annoying her. So that's like that's a that's like a good thing to keep me busy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well,
what
well, what language, what language did you call them?
I'm teaching myself. I've done
and
like
I haven't, I haven't done, I did a little bit of our, you know, our, it's kind of like statistical um
program.
I did a,
yeah, I did a little bit of that evening, but
right, that's like the only coding.
Yeah, I lived like half and half, half indian and half in new Zealand.
color means like high school.
Yeah. Whereas yeah, you need, but I sort of understand it now. Like if someone said over here, if someone said college, I don't know what they're talking about
and just from like they around americans a bit more
happened.
All right. So in England,
I
like that there's always something to do, Like it's busy.
Um It's particularly, I used to live in London, so like,
there's always like, the nightlife is amazing. Um tons of like, hubs throughout the city, it's not like this, there is one city center obviously, but
you
could be martin away from it and still be next to like sort of a city center, kind of like um so
like Los Angeles of Los Angeles has the hubs within the city where there's like, like business attracts business and like there's sort of like high streets in different areas. Um London's like that, so I really like that. Yeah, at the same time it's just like more, it's just a faster pace than New Zealand. New Zealand's um bit more laid back, it's like the clock tick flour down there
and
everyone was just like, I don't know, I feel it feels like you could get in contact with a stranger a lot easier over there and it
does uh or even the mistakes. Um I really like that about new Zealand and I'm like how picturesque get it. And it just feels sort of, it doesn't feel very controlling at all, you feel pretty free of that. Um So I really like that, I've so many people have asked me which
one I prefer at the end of the day, I don't really know because you know, I like them both. But
Have you ever lived anywhere else apart from Georgia?
Oh wow. You've
looked
all
over this. Damn,
that's that's a lot of countries. Uh Yeah, I
can't see you anymore. You're just
outline again.
Mm Yeah. You mean like in terms of having long term friendships with people? Because I found,
yeah, I found that I found that challenging as well, like moving to New Zealand suddenly I don't have any friends that I was friends with for like my whole life, it's just sort of like the second half of it and you would have, I'm
you have the same thing.
Culture
Yeah. Yeah. What, what was it like living in Nigeria?
What?
Yeah. So you're, how old, how old were you when he left Nigeria?
Okay. Yeah, that's that's quite a long time then. Yeah, I was I was 11 when I left England.
but you like, are you liking the States now?
The public transport there is insane.
Zealand
Yeah, it's hopeless. Public transport.
Yeah, I'm sort of understanding that now that I'm living here.
Do
the driving. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Are there quite a lot of accidents in Georgia,
man,
They had to walk?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah,
that's
the, that's the other thing about the States is that you have to have insurance for everything. But
yeah, it's expensive like in New Zealand, I don't think I had any insurance, but like I didn't have a car, but like I don't have any health insurance because this public health, you know? Um
I didn't have any like personal property insurance, just like I had a little motorbike, but I didn't even have experience on that.
Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yeah,
I had, I had to get insurance to come here. It was like, because I'm because I'm a foreigner, I like it was part of the program that you have to get insurance if you come into the country, like I wasn't allowed to be here without insurance
Yeah.
Um I'm just here for a year. Um Just came on like a working holiday Visa. Yeah, so um my girlfriend, she moved to Rhode Island um so I moved to live with and so I'm just living with her for a year and sort of trying to find a job but it's kind of hard at the moment.
Yeah, so I'm just sort of chilling at the moment, during my coding and just trying to yeah, just past the time. But
I'm nowhere near good enough for that, I'm just I'm honestly just learning like maybe maybe in like a couple months if I've managed to complete this course than I do a bit more comfortable, but
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that that would be quite ideal like if I could train myself up this year and then when I go back to new Zealand pick up a job in that kind of industry,
that would be nice.
like the technical
in offices? I never worked in one of my life.
People have to code those computers. Oh
yeah, I go every man. Yeah. Yeah. It could be like a dying. But if you if you if you become a coda, like,
but if you if you do become a code of like, you'll probably start working in an office anyway, you know,
like
it's more, it's a slightly more creative. Yeah.
If
which which companies that you know
who,
that's pretty sweat.
I
yeah, this is a huge argument about what's more efficient at whether a five day week or four day week or like reduced hours. Because if you have four days then like you have three days off and then you feel pumped because you
only have
four days of work instead of like a monday, they feel so long.
So
I don't know I haven't sort of looked into that but I can see four days as being like pretty productive
um because sometimes the weekend, you know it flies by
and it
just it just feels like it's monday to friday constantly and so he had that extra day that a long weekend, you know
like a chance to properly wind down. Um
Maybe maybe on that fifth day you could be like answering emails or kind of like on call but not full day work.
wow, they probably probably uh yeah that's it, I don't see a bit pointless.
Yeah, for sure. For sure.
True.
man.
02, that's dangerous.
that's
great.
well I was just
What was this at college? What?
What did you study?
that sounds fascinating.
Is that like on the microscope looking through a microscope all day
you know what are still in the jena are are true. So at the end of this year then you sort of decide
what you want to do properly.
Well it's such a it's such a bummer.
Yeah. Quarantine.
I have a lot of friends in the union quarantine just
totally
disrupted everything.
Come
on.
Yeah. It was it all just online passes on. Yeah. It's so hard to pay attention.
Yeah. Yeah. That's like a practical kind of classic.
Yeah. I was lucky. I I graduated like two months before and dementia.
Yeah you're lucky. But a lot of my friends, their graduation got like canceled and everything. They just they just got their little degrees into them in the mouth.
However it doesn't continue like this. If it continues like this then this that,
I'm gonna wouldn't it? Yeah.
What
back?
Here
I did the same thing. I have to I have to recall it touch with you. Just say touch wood and same thing.
Yes but your hearts.
That
was the very last one out like on the on New Year's Day. That was like Shop one or the other. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh
it's been
really nice talking to you but I think we're good on time.
All the best with your studies.
Thank you. All right so. Yeah.