Yeah. Yes.
Oh
I'm good.
Yeah. Mhm. Forget it. Mhm. Mhm.
So I
can't see you know? But okay. No.
Shane.
Maybe it's like you know because of the internet or something. Yeah.
Right. It should we just have to tell them like why wouldn't like in the survey it's like the camera supported.
I'm George. What about you?
Yeah.
huh. How is it like
what's it like in new york now since like pandemic is like on the download over there?
Pete
do.
The book is its power.
She's your friend.
That's
good to hear. Uh So uh
Okay. Excuse My French What? Fuck No one is taking it seriously well people are taking it seriously but like other people
are not taking this seriously. And so basically in areas like we're like where it looked like it was like flattening out like early on now we're having spikes. Like a lot of spikes.
right. Yeah. Leave flag. Yeah. Yeah.
It,
I think
I can't see anything. Mhm
You're frozen again.
Yeah, you froze
is mark.
Mhm So voice?
What's your favorite tv show?
Yeah.
Misfits.
Never seen this.
An english home.
What is needed?
Just
Very
smart.
um that's a hard one. That's a hard one right
now. Okay, so like, yeah, it's really hard one because like it depends on my mood. Okay shit. But it's like enemy and that's like k dramas but I was like, you know, gore like it depends on my mood. Like if I'm
it depends. But like right now I'm in love with Umbrella Academy.
Is from misfits right?
When you were talking about it and then like you were talking about it and then my mind kept in connection between them because I remember them like talking about him being on that show and I'm like hmm what is that sound familiar?
Its
here's
what
See
anyone.
appreciate
it.
explores the values that you
can
values
two.
Um The latest season came out like on friday.
It also has the
same. Yeah. She is a beauty
crazy
as a soldier.
No I finished it in two days,
Well you see came out like three a.m. on like Friday. So like I watched like half of it on Friday and then I watched the rest on Saturday,
don't ask. I
was
watching it. I want to watch a show with like 300 plus episodes in one week.
It wasn't good for my house.
Let me get this. Uh shit. Oh like I hate right now you give up.
No no no I was trying like hell to like something on the side that was like
playing.
Yeah. So like mm what's your hobbies? Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
What host
or creative tension
in a statement there
because they said the trump.
We'll
work
it
out.
That's true.
What?
Event
they didn't like four years.
Hey, anything is a hobby if you put your mind to it.
Oh coding is fun. Corners are so bad, You can agree with that one.
Frustrating.
Oh like okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh like okay once I remember is to take hold in high school right? I made this entire code.
It worked the first time then crashed. I
try
to fix it like destroyed my entire code. I spent hours on just to find out the problem was I misspelled one word with a capital c symbol or Casey,
what
I
mean?
Yes. On the right side, it's like satisfying. Like once it works very satisfying.
Yeah. Yeah. But it makes you want to destroy a computer sam.
That's right.
Who's
That's nice.
Yeah. Oh
yeah,
I don't
believe me.
Um I use java, javascript implied town mostly, but I haven't done it since I left high school. What?
I also
look, he's going from
as much.
Uh huh.
I never
touched her
possibly.
Are you british?
Okay. Because like when you said uni, like, okay, when you said uni, I was like, is definitely british because like I could like your it in your accident, but then like my my okay. Uh Okay. So I have family lived in the UK, right? So like every time I'm talking about university, I always say college, college and then you like, do you mean college passing your college? I'm like, no, I'm in college. So every time we talk to the shop we have to like verify for a second. Yeah.
Damn.
The villagers. Yeah,
So like what do you like the shit of, I forget english, I curse a lot. I'm sorry. Um
so like what do you like best about like of all the countries you live in? Which one do you prefer? But most the pros and cons mm
Tradition come
on
people
experience
Just leave
it.
No.
It's
not
The
What?
It could be like that. Mhm Oh
uh I've lived in Nigeria, I was in Ghana, I stayed in London months. I've lived in South Korea
and
that's
it.
You're frozen.
You
hear?
Yeah. But then it affects your social skills, you know what I mean? Especially when you're like young.
Thank you.
And then
Yeah, the culture stuff
like that. Yeah.
Um I was born and I don't know if I okay. I was born there and I like staying there for like some of my confusing
well like, thank you. Like sheltered. So I didn't really like, you know, except being at home, old church hospital or whatever. My parents took me like, I never really got to experience explore the places. Like the people I knew were like people to my person. Something that
Um The first thing I left, I was like six. Then the second time I left I was like nine. And then the third time I left For good was like, when I was like 11.
it's really tough. Yeah. I mean
I like to state, but like I said, I went to like England, I fell in love with it because like, you don't need a car to get anywhere. Like you just hop on a bus and a train and you go anywhere you want.
It's amazing. And they're
like that, do you have to drive everywhere in new Zealand?
It's the same with the States.
Yeah, because like, no, because it's really frustrating because like sometimes I'm just not in the mood to like drive, you know what I mean? I just want like cropping a bus on the train and let someone like
dr
And then people don't know how to drive in the States sometimes. Well in Georgia basically in Georgia, basically signaling that you're going to switch lanes is basically telling the person you better speed up. Oh.
And then I wonder like why there's so much accidents
you,
it was so bad that to increase our all car insurance statewide,
it was so bad. You had to increase character and statewide. Yeah.
Yeah.
Not
funny.
And it's expensive.
Yeah.
that must be nice. Like just imagine all the money is saving. Having like old have insurance.
because, yeah.
because of covid or like just generally, yeah.
Wait, so what are you doing here? Like are you moving moving or you like here for school?
Very hard.
Maybe he'll be like a freelance coder or something.
Because they make money like good money. Especially if you like have a really good reputation and all that stuff.
shop
Because I feel like that's the future of jobs at this point because,
yeah. Because like, like, okay so like I don't know how people like work in offices, you know what I mean?
no I can't because like right now they keep on saying stuff like in a few years they'll need jobs like that because computers will be taking over those kind of jobs. You know what I mean? So I'm like
yeah, I mean Right.
No I'm not touching Cools again. You know I don't know
True. But
then it's like not all like status six and business and you know what I mean?
And then like most, most big tech companies like actually treat you know employees will, you know what I mean? Right? There's one
would only have to work like four or 5 days, four days a week.
I can't remember the name of the company but like the company, they only
work four days a week.
Yeah. So like
that encourage them to like work more and like we're happy in the workspace.
This
is,
I know what
you mean because like I heard in some European countries, I'm not sure if it's true, that only works like three days a week, 34 days a week.
What?
It
does.
What?
Yeah.
I don't know what you mean. And then like I also like so just like video about like having like most offices like having a five day weekend is like .5 day work days. Like point when I say Because most of them get done with your work by the 3rd day so you just sit there doing nothing
and then the nine and then the nine to like five hours doesn't work for everyone. I wish like jobs had a way of alternating shifts. We're like you could decide you want to work all night if you could decide you want to work all day. Because when people are more productive at night while others are way more productive in the daytime. You know what I mean? What?
Because if you ask me to do something at nine a.m. I'll probably ask them. Okay I'm not a morning person.
This is why I never knew what possessed me to take a chemistry lab at 7:00. AM. And then one day I one day I basically spilled hydrochloric acid on my body
because I was sleepy.
Not really if you actually touched it just melted shoots a little but like. Mhm wow.
It's
the truth. The most dangerous like we had was mercury nitrate one
g of that stuff will kill you. Yeah,
you're gonna. okay,
I'm still in college. I studied Microbiology. Mm
can you see?
No, I'm not going to that stage. I'm still doing my Janet.
what?
I'm behind because I basically filled last semester. Yeah.
Yeah. So basically what happened was I missed three weeks of school basically most of school because life happens. I came in, I was on the right track. Then we went under quarantine and then all my grave started dropping like flies. Mhm.
Yes.
Why
they
this one? They destroyed everything. Because like I already had plans with my professor to make up my missing work. Like some of the labs I missed would have, you know, helped bring my grade up. But then I said well I'm quarantine. Everything just went like off the rails. I couldn't pay attention in class anymore, where I end up like sleeping through class because
I'm going
to like, environments in our name,
And then some of those classes were not made to be online classes, like organic chemistry are not made for online. Yeah,
you, because like, you have to draw pay attention to your professor, you know what I mean? But then like when some wine, I like, you're just looking at a computer screen the first time, you might like, oh shit, I got a text message from johnny or some shit. Yeah, Yeah,
you're very lucky.
Yeah, man, this year was, this year's been wild, basically.
knock on wood, I miss the wood. Mhm.
Yeah, because I kept on like, making, I kept on drinking my friend's like, hey, what about you? Nicholas power plants, like, you know, blow off and it's
just like Michelle knock on wood, I'm
like, I didn't know this was like Michelle knock on wood. It
is like,
huh that's like, but this year has been like a dumpster fire recently.
It started out with a fire and now we have a pandemic what next? And let's not forget the World War Three scares. But hey.
Well,
so
bye.
Alright. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day.
Thank you. Good luck for your code in.
Alright, mice here.