SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Mhm. Uh huh wow. What? Yeah. Yeah. No thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Right. Hey.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you? It looks like you're eating breakfast, I don't want to interrupt.
SPEAKER_L: No just at lunch actually but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh hey, I'm Corey and it's nine a.m. Here. So I just got out the shower, so my hair is still kind of
SPEAKER_L: Glad to. Yeah now I'm on the East Coast so it's noon. Yeah. Uh Where
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: where exactly are you?
SPEAKER_R: California and how
SPEAKER_L: we're in
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: California.
SPEAKER_R: you? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Where in California are you
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm in Sacramento area, so it's gonna be like 100° today. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's, we're having like this resurgence of heat and I'm just like, it's october come on, you know?
SPEAKER_L: no it's like Maybe like 45° here today. I don't know how to
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: check the weather. Hold on, I
SPEAKER_R: I lived
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: to get warmer. But No it wasn't 70 but it was cold this morning so I guess I'm still this cold. I don't know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So I guess how was your day then, so far? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Um It's been okay. Haven't done much. That's too interesting. Um I'm watching a puppy for a client right now. Yeah. Uh huh. So I've been playing with the puppy. Um I don't know, I went for a long walk like just kind of basic hold up in my house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, it kind of feels like when you asked like, what are you up to this weekend, everyone just says netflix, like catching up on my shows. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: fun. Um Yeah it's at least like it's starting to be like nice outside like the leaves are changing here and everything so like I don't know it's a good time to go like hiking and every and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been able to since the pandemic started?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah I've done some honestly I had more of an issue with like I just am not very like heat tolerant and like um I
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: was having a hard time like being outside for too long during um like the really hot months but now that it's cooler I've done like a couple of tikes I think I'm going to I mean next week to do some more hiking. Um I don't know like nothing you like strengthening.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: Its are crazy though like it's a little bit touch and go and that like some places are super packed in, some places don't have anyone there at all so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: would say a similar thing in California, Like all my friends said they went to one place and it was just like packed with people and then another place it was like oh we have the whole part to ourselves. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's very like uneven I guess. Um I'm hoping that it kind of goes down some as like the weather gets cooler and like just people don't want to go outside because I don't mind like being out in the cold or whatever. But Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds like your adjusted to the east Coast. Like winter is just not the summers that get all humid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've always lived on the east coast so I am definitely. Yeah like Mr that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I lived in Washington D. C. Well actually I lived in Maryland for about year and then
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: commute to work in D. C. And I've pretty much spent my entire life in California. So it's like the wind hurts like what is this? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't prefer the south that I ever lived was like I grew up outside of philadelphia and since then I've only gone north so yeah or I went to college lake up in Rochester new york so like it was just like snow the entire time I was there like yeah I'm in like boston now and like compared to that it feels like mild but Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I love how the dogs like I want some of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well there pretty into food open working with her for about like three months now because like her owner wanted to get her like socialized and like trained somewhat. So like she doesn't get all like weird during the pandemic. So she's with me probably like three days a week. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And does she get to meet with other
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: dogs?
SPEAKER_L: plays with my actual dog who's right here. There are. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh
SPEAKER_L: maybe like acted like the tab
SPEAKER_R: no worries.
SPEAKER_L: something but it seems more work I like um All right. I think we're good now. Yeah. Um And but yeah sorry, just got like a lot going here with like my yogurt and the dog
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: worries.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So have you done anything today other than I guess showered?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, not really. I actually stayed up kind of late watching this horror movie. I'm trying to remember the name of it because it's october so I feel like Halloween watch scary movies. Um I think it was inheritance or maybe it was heritage or something like that, but it was basically about like demonic possession and hauntings and like why do I watch this late at night? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: right. I don't get to watch horror movies feel often, but I like them, my my boyfriend's afraid of them. Um And then we live together so he doesn't like watching them. But and I don't know, I don't think it's as fun watching by myself, but sometimes I'll.
SPEAKER_R: like it feels like horror movies especially or like a social kind of thing. Um and it's the,
SPEAKER_L: yeah like especially because I don't know like a lot of horror movies are so like bad that it's like. Yeah I don't know it's like fun to talk through as opposed to like I guess a really intense like drama or something where you need to be involved. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have maybe a few friends who can watch horror movies with me and then of that group, it's like two of them will only watch like the b ones where, you know,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: just like awful and not really scary. You're just like, oh, that's a guy in a t rex costume.
SPEAKER_L: get there. I don't really get too scared by horror movies in general. Like even the ones that I guess aren't like B movies I guess like I'll watch and like are sometimes just still funny to me a little bit but I don't know maybe
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that's a bit
SPEAKER_R: I'm with you on that.
SPEAKER_L: morbid.
SPEAKER_R: I remember watching paranormal activity when it first came out and there's that one part where they see the footprints and the flower and I just started cracking up for some reason. I was like, this guy is like, you know, this demons like a dude, like he's just doing this on purpose like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No I remember I actually remember seeing that in the theaters with like two of my friends I must have been like and early high school or something, I don't remember what year it came out but like they were like really scared and I was like, I feel like there was some scene with like, like a shower curtain or something. Maybe. I'm not thinking of paranormal activity but like one of the, it's like it was a popular movie, like horror movie that came out at like that same time. And like, I don't know, I was just like laughing at it and my friends are getting mad at me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was a friend to and he kept on being like stop tackling like you're scarier than the movie. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I've been there. Yeah. I don't know. They just uh I feel like I got
SPEAKER_R: continue.
SPEAKER_L: scared at movies that I'm not necessarily supposed to get that scared by sometimes. But then like actually
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: scary movies like don't usually scare me or have too much of like a lasting impact on me I guess. Right. Hey, she's report like such
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: a huge mouth.
SPEAKER_R: know she does.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: uh what they called a friend? She or uh
SPEAKER_L: she's a bulldog,
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she's an english bulldog. The french bulldogs are like a little smaller and they've got the point of years. But the same likes machine face.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we always get like unknown dogs from the pound, so it's like a guessing game as to what exactly they are um last
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My my actual dog, that is my dog is like that. But um I don't know, I've been doing like dog work I guess like kind of to varying degrees for
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: about the last four years.
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: So if I've hung out with a lot of dogs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my little sister is also like really into dogs and I'm always telling her like, you know, you could like, you know, work with dogs if you want to and just be like, you know, a pet sitter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I mean I think it's there's different degrees of viability with that like depending on where you are, but like I'm in like the boston area so there's like plenty of stuff. Um I actually started doing it because like I had another like day job like it wasn't paying me enough so I started like doing dog stuff and uh like freelancing and like it was like like the day job like isn't getting me as much money as like the dog sitting
SPEAKER_R: Millennial
SPEAKER_L: or the freelancing so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: story right there, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very millennial for sure. Over yeah. Kind of been through the wringer with all like I've had a very millennial job experience.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm feeling that like, I think um for me I guess I kind of got lucky in that after college, like I was able to go to South Korea and teach english there for a year. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's
SPEAKER_R: it was really fun and you know, people thought I was carrying, I'm like, I'm not I don't understand what you're saying, but you know, I can like do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was gonna say, did you know korean beforehand or because I know a lot of like english programs will just like, hi I'm like hire someone that knows english without necessarily like having too much of a grasp on like whatever the actual languages of the
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: area.
SPEAKER_R: was definitely my experience. Like I think I got off the plane in South Korea and I knew how to read the letter A um and that was about it Oh and just say hello because that was like all I picked up from the phrase book I bought, I was going to be there for like a year because that was the duration of my teaching contract and I remember going to a store to buy shampoo and if you don't know how read like anything that's in a bottle that's gooey and you know it has like flowers on, it looks like shampoo and then it turned out I was like using just regular soap to wash my hair with and the whole time I was like wow, the water here is really bad, like something's really messing with my hair mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was in Japan for like three weeks last year, like actually this time exactly last year I was there. But yeah, that was, I had a very similar experience with that, I wasn't there as long that I had to buy shampoo or anything. But like I definitely had like a weird like a couple of like food experiences where like I thought I was ordering one thing somewhere and it was like something totally different or like I don't know like one of the ones that was like a big one was like I was like getting like some street food somewhere and they're like these buns and like it was like decorated to be all cute on the outside. Like it was like a little like chick or something and like I guess by like the way it was displayed or being sold I thought that it was gonna be like sweet like have like a custard in the middle or something. Um But instead it was just like full of like pork or something. Like it was fine too. I was fine with like it was like not what I was expecting when I when I bid
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: you see cute things and you think, oh it's like a cake or cupcake? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was in like a booth that was all like pink and purple and stuff and yeah like all the buns like I think there was like a
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: bear 12 and like this like stuff like that. It looked like a dessert type of thing.
SPEAKER_R: mm why don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we get together?
SPEAKER_L: definitely had a few like experiences like that for sure.
SPEAKER_R: So um what part Japan did you go to? Was it like Tokyo or? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We kind of went all over um We started out in Tokyo. Um And then we went up like north. I'm not sure how familiar you are with like I guess Tokyo like geography or anything like that or not. Tokyo, I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: in Japan
SPEAKER_R: not like
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: I went to Japan but I went like from Tokyo to Kyoto using that bullet train and that was about it. Uh I ever went up north from Tokyo.
SPEAKER_L: we went up to like Nagano Prefecture which is like a more rural like it's like mountainous and like um it's where they have like all the Wasabi farms and stuff. Um So like um it was like a different like vibe there for sure than the cities. Um And we stopped in Kobe and Osaka and Kyoto
SPEAKER_R: You really feel
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: he we also went to like one of the small like mountain e towns like in between like the spot
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: towns that they have.
SPEAKER_R: you stay at Wannsee a traditional ends with like the on son?
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: did once for one night. Um and that was really cool. It was by like Mount fuji like it had like a view of Mount fuji so that was like very cool but it was just for one night. So but the rest we kind of just stayed in like regular hotels for the most part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I went to Japan actually after my teaching contract in Korea because it was kind of on the way back to the U. S. Um so I think like a week in Tokyo and that was like really interesting and super excited because I taught in rural south Korea and then go back to like this big bustling metro like place um because this is so neat and also I'm feeling a little overwhelmed now and then
SPEAKER_L: People.
SPEAKER_R: I went um to Gifu Prefecture which is kind of in Central Japan and my grandma's cousin was still alive at the time because I'm half japanese american. And so I got to meet her and I remember getting off the train and there's this little lady was like a little sun umbrella just like standing on the platform and she just like sees me and I'm like, I'm having my big giant backpack on me. So I clearly looked like a traveler. She's just like, okay, V and I'm like, oh, welcome home. Oh my gosh, you're so cute.
SPEAKER_L: maybe. Oh you speak japanese
SPEAKER_R: Um Not very much.
SPEAKER_L: or did you speak english?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty much a native english speaker. Um, I did one semester of japanese in college and I was not the best in the class. Like there were these guys who were like super into like anime and you know, video games way beyond me, just like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like what are you doing in 101? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah like I speak enough, I spoke enough to get by um You know I was usually able to just like if all else fails just be like oh America gee just like I'm an american able to stop to speak english like I could really use it.
SPEAKER_L: On this.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah I've stopped off in Kiev Ukraine pictures, stayed with like relatives I never met before. Um And they lived in like this rural farming town and I remember they were taking me around and showing me to all their neighbors and they were like oh yeah like she is a relative from the U.
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: S. And you know she's here to like visit and all her neighbors were
SPEAKER_L: Two?
SPEAKER_R: farmers. They'd be like oh wait a second like here's a yam, here's a squash and so yeah and so she went home and she made like a vegetable kind of stew using all the food that the, I guess village gave her. Um
SPEAKER_L: It's really cool
SPEAKER_R: and then after that like,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you know, I went to Kyoto and did the usual like temple um you know on some kind of route where I was like, oh look like there's deer in this Nora park who are kind of, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I went there too.
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: one's chasing me okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: They're yeah they're evidence.
SPEAKER_R: I was like I shouldn't have bought the biscuits, you know? Mm Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool. I don't know like that's cool that you were able to have that experience. One of my favorite parts about being there was like even though I don't speak any japanese or anything was just like kind of, I don't know. I feel like in Japan there's like a lot of like just small like restaurants and places like that and it's a lot more like intimate. Like I don't know like I we ended up like talking more with like I guess just like the few people that were around. Um or like I don't know when we were in Tokyo there were like a couple of times where we were in bars and like people were like where are you from? And like why are you here whatever. And like they were pretty like into like I guess the cultural exchange like kind of through like, like, like trying to communicate like kind of with two different languages. I don't know, I had a lot of fun with that, or like um And like, it would be really nice to like have someone like that that would like, I guess get to know like help me get to know like other people get to interact with other people because most of my interactions were like in bars or restaurants or something
SPEAKER_R: like it was definitely really cool to have my grandma's cousin, sorry, I've got a bit creek in this road um like showing me around because I'm pretty sure if I had just stopped in like the food by myself, they would have been like, oh you seem lost. Like let me help you back to the train station. Uh
SPEAKER_L: rushed.
SPEAKER_R: but it wouldn't have nearly been as like, oh like you know, come visit me after dinner, like we'll stay on the porch and I'll try and tell you in what little english I know about like your relatives who used to live here and farm, you know the rice paddies
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and by the way your relatives were cousins who married each other. I'm like, oh boy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I get that. I overwhelm like kind of just as a thing that I just started doing out of like quarantine or I did it a little bit before quarantine, but I started back up with it during the quarantine is um bye. My grandparents um are french Canadian. They lived in like
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Quebec and like, I don't know. Um I started doing like some genealogy stuff because like, my grandpa was like interested in it or whatever and like, I was like, I don't know, I'll look up but like has no idea how to use a computer or anything. So it's like, I like look up some stuff for you or whatever and I thought it was just going to be like, just this like, pretty simple like thing. But it turns out that the french Canadians kept really good records and like, there are and they all had like 10 or 12 kids, so it's just like been taking me like a really long time to get through everything and like, yeah, that's like all like cousins, like marrying each other and stuff. So like the trees like. Yeah. Very tangled.
SPEAKER_R: I also tried to do a genealogy um sort of background and I don't know what it is, but I suspect that one of my grandpas maybe the either messed up his name on immigration or he just chose a name that doesn't actually exist. Because when I went back to Japan, um I was kind of asking around like, oh, hey, have you ever heard of this family with my grandpas last name? They're like, no, no, I don't think that's actually a name that existing. And I actually asked a friend um, he like studied abroad in the US, but he's Japanese so he's like, you know this way around? I was like, hey, is there a way to like access to government records and see if my grandpa ever actually existed? He was like, um, no, I couldn't find him. So some kind of,
SPEAKER_L: Do you know if like the surname like translates into anything or like, is it like an unusual like name
SPEAKER_R: it's an unusual
SPEAKER_L: or something
SPEAKER_R: name
SPEAKER_L: like that?
SPEAKER_R: and I never learned the Kanji characters, like the chinese characters for it because that's usually where you can translate it to like heavenly wind or you know, whatever it is. So he, his side of the family is just like a mystery and I'm kind of like intrigued even know like why he changed his name and like made up a new one when he came over. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean like I know a lot of people like americanize their names or whatever but it doesn't sound like that was necessarily the case with this.
SPEAKER_R: I think he just like added some new things to it. So apartment is like dreaming up very romantic kind of things where I'm like oh like you got on the wrong side of the gangs and then you had to like flea and
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah. Maybe. Oh
SPEAKER_R: so yeah and then the chinese side of my family like they used um I guess they call them like paper sons where they just kind of like use fake documentation so that's also kind of a bit
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Kind of. Yeah mysterious. Yeah. I don't know. It's definitely crazy like the disparities just in different places with like documentation of that sort of stuff. My mom's side of the family is irish. And like when I got into like the looking into genealogy stuff, I was like oh no like if I found so much on like my dad's side of the family like maybe I'll find some cool stuff on my mom's side of the family and like it was just like nothing. I had the same issue with like one of my grandparents. There just wasn't any sort of record of them. Like before coming to the U.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: S. And No one seems to know how Like why they ended up here like like there's like an immigration paper something that they came like the end of the 1800s. But like other than that like nothing and like I don't know there are like some like irish records but like they're so like not informative in that it will be like mary had eight kids with Big Red O. Reilly or something like notes her name just like mary and like no actual name. Just like
SPEAKER_R: gosh
SPEAKER_L: Big Red. Like I literally found someone that was related to me named Big Red which was like well that's like that's pretty
SPEAKER_R: great,
SPEAKER_L: irish. Okay. Yeah like I imagine in Ireland like to get the name Big Red even like you gotta be pretty like Big and Red like but I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: It's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's uh about the extent I know my family history.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I would say what I managed to dig up was like the most I could find I was sharing with all my aunts and uncles and they're like oh like this is really interesting so it was pretty fun like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It definitely when you are able to like get something, it it is interesting and kind of exciting.
SPEAKER_R: it felt like being some sort of I don't know like library detective. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's especially cool because like I was able to get really far back and the thing about it is like eventually somewhere down the line, like you're related to someone that's at least kind of cool. Which like, I don't know, that's kind of need to think about. I like thinking about like, I don't know, like all the people that came before me that I don't have any idea like about them or whatever, but like I don't know that I could be like related to somebody that did something cool. I don't know, I guess I have like a big imagination with like that sort of stuff. I don't know, I like thinking about it even though it's not very productive
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: or anything.
SPEAKER_R: no worries. Like I that's actually one thing that kind of drives me crazy about the whole shelter in place. Pandemic thing is it feels I call it productivity porn where all of sudden people are like, oh you're stuck at home, you have nothing to do. Let's learn how make sour dough bread, learn french, get in shape and like by the way, have you decided to pick up guitar or piano yet? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I've tried I've tried to varying degrees with some of that, but I've mostly been like, you know, I don't know how anybody like focuses on anything. Like I did I did um I did know french for um but like I hadn't practiced it in a long time, I I knew it a lot better um when I was younger because it was both my grandparents first language and like I had taken it in high school and stuff, but I haven't taken anything like since then and I picked up like taking french like during this, but I would say that's like probably about the most productive thing I've done, like that's that's my exception.
SPEAKER_R: I took french troops I think two years in high school and all I can really remember is like charlie woo fiance and gymnastic pa
SPEAKER_L: What's about what you need? Yeah. Like um
SPEAKER_R: and fromage cheese. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: americans like, I don't know, like I'm american like no, it's it's pretty easy to get by there like
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: been to
SPEAKER_L: uh Yeah it was there for, oh I went for like a short or trip um like a few years ago but
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I've always been curious about going to France, but just I don't know, like never been able to. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I'm lucky in that like um like my I guess most breadwinning job is like I write about photography and stuff mostly. Um So I'm able to finance some of my travel in that or like not necessarily finance per se. But like I get a lot of like um like work out of traveling like stuff like for my Japan trip like for instance like I did a whole piece on like the Sony camera store that was there and I did like a couple other articles about like what do you photograph when you're in Tokyo or like things like that. So I like I like to travel but I also like kind of do some work and stuff while I'm at it. Or I guess it's more like doing work after the fact, but like related to the travel
SPEAKER_R: you get good like material by being in a different.
SPEAKER_L: are or Yeah, like or even just like, like the photography writing that I do, like half of it is like tutorials or like I do a lot of product reviews and stuff like that, so I need to like have like pictures that are mine that I can use for like things like that. So like even I guess like the like going out somewhere and like shooting is like kind of job related and I'm able to finance some of that and that's nice. Yeah. But yeah, France was like the little, I don't know paris was a little bit like overwhelming
SPEAKER_R: You mean
SPEAKER_L: for me honestly. Um There's a little too, like it's not a very friendly city I would say, but it is pretty easy to get around and stuff, I would say
SPEAKER_R: you're like this. I think you're the third person who said like it's not the most tourist friendly city, so I remember
SPEAKER_L: hello.
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wouldn't say that about like all of France though because we did go outside of France and like everybody we met outside of paris was like really friendly
SPEAKER_R: So it sounds like paris is just kind of over it.
SPEAKER_L: propagated. Well I think it's just kind of like a new york city type of thing where like I don't have a good like and west coast equivalent because I've only been there once but have like, it's kind of like a new york city where I think like people are a little like, I don't know like grumpy and just like doing their own thing and just try it get by and there's probably a lot of annoying tourists from all over the place and don't have much patience for them.
SPEAKER_R: That actually works for me. I remember taking a bus when I lived on the East Coast up to new york and stayed there for a few days and I was definitely the tourists who was gaping at all the sky scape skyscrapers and people are like come on move. So uh so yeah, okay. I get I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: get the image in my head now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I'm also like, I'm I don't know, I would have told you before that I wasn't much of a city person, but I did really like Tokyo I think is because like just even though there's a lot of people, they kind of stay out of your way or whatever. I think that was whenever possible. Or even when you're like crammed together in a place like it's like, I don't know, everybody is like consider it of your space or whatever. So but for the most part, I don't like cities that much so that might just be like my own bias with with that.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of on the introvert side as well. So it's like cities can be a bit overwhelming, but I like visiting them for a few days like okay, let me get a feel for the vibe. Let me check things out and now go go to where it's nice and quiet, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I like I like small cities and stuff like that. Like I think in just about any city I can find like stuff that I like but like yeah, I don't know. I find I guess the experience of like living or like being in a city long term or whatever to be like not enjoyable. Why? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Do you know if we were supposed to actually be talking about anything specific
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: during
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: was looking at the instructions beforehand.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I ran through it twice and I didn't see anything. But I was like, did I like miss like a
SPEAKER_R: No, I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: think it was just like free flow conversation. I suspect they're like seeing how people interact or something. Um Uh
SPEAKER_L: waffle? We must be like, I think it had something to do with covid too. So maybe it's like seeing how much people just talk about that on their own. Or like, I don't, I don't know. I'm not gonna pretend to know. I've never taken like a scion flourish whatever class that I've had to do an experiment on someone on.
SPEAKER_R: Like I just have to wonder how because I know this is being recorded. I'm like, it must be really interesting to be the scientist who is like watching this and I don't even know what they're looking for but just imagine like all these different conversations and like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I would I would love to be that person. I right. I like this kind of stuff. Or like, I don't know, I I did I studied photography in school and like, I don't know, I did a lot of like research on like surveillance and stuff like that. That stuff is like very interesting to me. But like I guess in like a more philosophical way than like a purely scientific one. Like the people that are watching this right now or in the future like.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it is a little bit scary to think about like I guess just how much surveillance we have already. Um And I don't know like have you heard about china and the like the like credit score, but for like everything that they do
SPEAKER_L: No, I I would like to know more about that though. Like what's
SPEAKER_R: so so
SPEAKER_L: what's the deal with that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to remember but from what I recall it's like a lot of the services that people use are kind of all under the same like company and it's kind of like semi state owned so like the equivalent of like Uber and lift is just like one company that's also with the same umbrella as the same like there.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. I'm familiar. I do have a friend that's from china and like has like I think showed me or like told me about like this kind of catch all like that uber facebook like act thing.
SPEAKER_R: and so apparently like the government has started collating that data because it's all in one centralized location and they started like assigning kind of like a credit score to people based off of actually don't quite know what's based off of. But they use a lot of the information from the apps like your shopping habits and like your travel habits and kind of like how much debt you have and all that to sort of essentially it feels like a black mirror episode but like to kind of like rank people and I don't know how they're going to use that data but I did hear from a friend, there's also chinese that like people are kind of like what the heck are you doing this for? Like what is the scoring system? So yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: it like accessible anywhere? Can you see your score or is it just like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: internal?
SPEAKER_R: think it is accessible. I feel like there's been some articles and like the BBC and wired magazine about it. I wish there was a chat function because I could just quickly google it and then send it to you but Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. I'm gonna I'm not going to forget about that. What I will be looking into that for sure. Yeah. That's three.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, go ahead. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huh. I don't know. Like the surveillance stuff is like very conflicting because it is invasive but also like I think that it's really cool that I guess the technology to be able to use photography like is so accessible now. Like I think it's a really exciting time like from an artistic perspective in that like a lot of people that like historically don't have access to the education or materials to make their own art like suddenly have like a camera in their pocket. Like I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So like, I don't know. I got mixed feelings about it all.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I definitely hear you like there's something about like the accessibility of like having this, you know, basically supercomputer in our pockets with a really excellent phone. Like people have made movies using their iphone Yeah, it's just like everyone
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: has their
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: own gallery of images that they can curate on, like instagram or whatever. So it is pretty cool from that perspective, yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I think about all this stuff like a lot. So wow. Hopefully, I don't know one day I would like to like write about all this stuff, but I don't have the brain power or capacity to do that right now during the pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, totally fair. Like there are definitely days where I'm like, you know what, I just feel like lying on the floor and thinking, so that's what I do. Uh
SPEAKER_L: um you said that you know some japanese,
SPEAKER_R: just a little bit, not a lot. Is there something?
SPEAKER_L: I have a question for you that you may not have like any sort of answer to. But I was thinking about a lot in Japan, like, so The thing that stuck out to me, I ended up like the day that we landed was the day that that big category five hurricane, like came down where we landed the night before and then it hit the next day. So I spent the first whole day that I was there like day and a half, like hold up in my hotel room. So
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like not being able to do anything. I like, like browse through like the television a lot. And like the first like, thing that I noticed was like how like text heavy, like so much of the programming is like, even the like news and stuff and how like, there was like a lot of just like text popping up and like in different colours and like, fonts and stuff like that. And like, I even tried like using like my google translate like, like holding it up because we've got like this function now, we're like, you can use the camera and like, it will translate, but like, a lot of it just wasn't making sense like, do you know like what sort of like, things like they might be like putting up or whatever like, is it just like things that are related to the story or like, words that they're saying or like?
SPEAKER_R: mean, I think on news programs, most of the stuff that you see scrolling underneath is kind of like what you would see in our news programs, where it's just like, oh, the newest update kind of thing, you're talking more about like those kind of panel shows, like where there's people reacting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's more what I'm thinking of. Like, I saw a lot of like, yeah, stuff like that, but it was like kind of, I couldn't tell if it was like a local news thing or like a
SPEAKER_R: like some of the stuff that you'll
SPEAKER_L: whatever.
SPEAKER_R: see is like reaction stuff, like I guess the equivalent is kind of like stickies in text message charges like L. L. And that's like the equivalent, let's popping up. It's like oh you know like that? Um sometimes I feel like the text on the bottom, it's I actually don't know enough japanese be able to translate that, but I do know like the little word bubbles that pop up just tend to be kind of like exclamation points usually if that makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, no, there's been a lot of sense and is like really helpful because like I have like tried to look into that and like you have not had the vocabulary to like properly like search what like is going on with that. I did notice like the panels I guess with people like reacting at the bottom and was like, oh, like that's like really weird but cool. Like I don't know like I like, I just like if ever there was a time that I wish I had like some goggles or something that could like translate everything for me. Like it was
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like watching japanese television like
SPEAKER_R: like it's very own, you kind
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: of thing.
SPEAKER_L: the time. Yeah, like I don't know like one that like stands out to me specifically that was like full of like I guess now I know that it's like reactions or whatever. Like just had like text popping up. But it was like a guy like, I guess in some sort of local restaurant, like making pickles and I was like, like, what could they be like saying about this? Like it was like clearly like a guy like talking to another guy about like making pickles or something like our pickled foods like, but it was just like constant, like, like text coming up and I was like, oh, like what does it mean?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually found that those types of programs are really like communist, where they like to sort of be like, oh like here's a craftsman who's like making kites and a lot of times it'll be like the sound effects of maybe the sound that it makes when he's cutting the board. Just like shaka, shaka, shaka kind of thing. Or it could be, you know what the host is like trying a pickle and he's like, oh like why she? And then you'll see like oh, delicious, like papa. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like uh yeah, okay. Thank you very much. That is like extremely helpful and something that's been like, like kind of on and off. Like I just think about and have not had an answer for for like the
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: past
SPEAKER_R: gonna say
SPEAKER_L: year.
SPEAKER_R: you've been thinking about this for a while.
SPEAKER_L: No, I definitely have. It's just like, I just, I don't know anyone with like enough japanese or like the context of like having seen japanese television to look like answer that for me.
SPEAKER_R: I remember, yeah, similar thing to when I was watching um like programming with my relatives and they were just like, oh like come over here and watch this and I was like, oh the guys like making mole cheesecakes and they're like always so interesting and then just like program runs for like half an hour, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just go on forever. I was like, I was fascinated by it though. Like, especially because like I just feel like with like there was so much of it that I have to believe that like there's got to be a big audience for things like that. But I feel like if that played like here, it would just like be like, like immediately like, um like passed over, like not even like
SPEAKER_R: breathe.
SPEAKER_L: two seconds of like attention and like, I don't know, I have to like go back to japan or talk to more people or something to like figure out what that means culturally. But like
SPEAKER_R: I mean if they
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: add in a few explosions like I guess people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like maybe they just need the like, yeah, the box. Maybe that's the cool. The other thing that surprised me was like, I saw like a ton of horse racing, which like I would like I saw it like multiple times like at different times. Like I was just like surprised like in that I didn't think that it was like much of like a thing outside the U. S. Even. Like I thought that was like a pretty american thing and I don't know there was a ton of like horse racing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think in Tokyo there's actually like a really big famous horse racing track, I never went there because it's just not really my thing, but it wouldn't surprise me of like, yeah, I guess there's enough interest to have a giant horse racing track in the middle of the metropolitan cities. So
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I have no idea. Like I'm just trying to like it must be like on the outskirts or something because I don't know where they would fit that. But like.
SPEAKER_R: I can't remember what line it was on, but it was like, he was like the core, like you know that circle of the main Tokyo and then we're like here, but it still was accessible like you could get there and maybe uh like 40 to 50 minutes. I think it was, they were staying at a hostel that was on the outskirts because it was like cheaper so that's, that's the only thing I know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No my boy. Uh huh. Okay. Well I mean that I guess that makes more sense with like the horse racing then. I don't know. I just found like if I was like because after this first day I was just like so curious about like the japanese television that like whatever like hotel we were staying at or whatever. It was like flipping through the channels, what was there? And I feel like even at the ones with like only a few channels available, like there was always like a horse racing channel and I was like, not what I was expecting. Okay. Like of any sport to be like being, you know, featured. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are there other countries that you've been to? Just out of curiosity since it sounds like you've traveled a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Um yeah, that trip to France, like I've split up at that time, like I was only in France for a little bit of it and I was also in Belgium during that trip and I've been to Canada several times and I went to Iceland several years ago and I think that's it. It's all been within the last few years. Like, yeah, like post graduating college before that I hadn't like gone anywhere or done anything
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was saying
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: similar
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: spot, like my family doesn't really like to travel. My sister like is scared of airplanes and my dad will say he's too old to sit on and playing for that long. So I never really left I guess basically my home state until after college. Um and then I just remember like part of it was, you know, the economy just wasn't that great and my options were like work at T. J. Maxx or go teach english in south Korea. Um so you know, I went off to go teach english in south Korea and I just remember my mom would send me these like news articles about North Korea's nuclear weapons
SPEAKER_L: Thanks mom. Like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what I want to be thinking about right now like I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: and I guess I was kind of
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like as much as like people worry about that sort of stuff in the U. S. Like it's got to be like a million times more prominent in like south Korea. Like just with like I don't know like all the unification stuff and you know like literally bordering
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I actually talked with some of my, like I end up making some friends in South Korea about like, hey you have this like angry neighbor that's not too far away. And a lot of them were like, oh, I'm kind of used to it because like he always does this kind of stuff and nothing's ever come a bit. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of relatable. Well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't know like Yeah, like that sounds like something my mom would do one thing like articles about North Korea weird like stuff wallowing in South Korea like.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I think when I came back she was, you know, definitely happier. But I also got tattooed while I was like in Japan. So yeah, I actually let me see if I can show it. Um I don't know if you can see that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can see or I can see like to a degree, I can't see like the details or tell like okay. Yeah, it's like a flower and son and like a brief type of thing. Yeah. Well I'm just surprised because like I know that like tattoos are like such a like stigmatised thing in Japan specifically, I don't know about elsewhere, but like,
SPEAKER_R: no, I um
SPEAKER_L: thank you with all this stuff like, oh, if you have a tattoo, like you gotta like cover it up, whatever.
SPEAKER_R: so I got this done in Japan when I was in Tokyo and I'm pretty sure the tattoo of which I saw was like associate with the Yakuza, which is the mafia there because it wasn't advertised really at all. Like I just heard about the artist through like word of mouth and I was wandering through this alley and you know how there's all those like little bars and restaurants in the alley and it turned out to be up a flight of stairs again, no sign whatsoever. And there's this guy like standing in the stairs just like smoking a cigarette with like sunglasses on. I just started like okay.
SPEAKER_L: whoa,
SPEAKER_R: And I was just started like, I don't know, I like definitely did the lost tourist thing. I was just like, oh like hi there like I'm a tourist and just like us like tattoos like early zooming upstairs like he was just like, oh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: wow, whoa.
SPEAKER_R: And so I went up there and this took actually five hours for them to do.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, yeah, that's a long time to like, I haven't had a tattoo, so I haven't gotten a tattoo. So I mean, I don't know, I guess on the scale of tattoos, it's like it could be a lot longer, but like that seems like a long time to like the yeah, I just gotta get tattoo from like some guy in a stairwell far more
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I was expecting um I guess for them to use like a tattoo gun because I think that would have gotten it done in probably about three hours. But they used a tattoo gun for like some of the darker like border stuff. But then the detailed work, they actually had like these needles on a stick that they would dip into the ink and then they were just
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: do this kind of motion and that's why it took so long because they were just like popo, popo poke.
SPEAKER_L: well a lot of that sounds like not fun.
SPEAKER_R: It was definitely an interesting sensation. I was just like, well, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty Yeah, like in that like, I don't know like the tattoo guns, like it's going so fast that like, I'd feel like it wouldn't feel like getting poked by needles as much I guess
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of more like,
SPEAKER_L: as that's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: deliberately
SPEAKER_R: like Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: poked with the needle like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so that, that was, I remember the first, maybe 2.5 to 3.5 hours. I was like, okay, this isn't too bad. And the last like hour and a half, I was like, oh okay,
SPEAKER_L: My way.
SPEAKER_R: kind of clenching my teeth here, they're like here take some tea, okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, What t for
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: were actually
SPEAKER_L: there?
SPEAKER_R: pretty nice about it. Um and then they banned it, they put a bandage over it so I was able to get into a own send for like the first couple of times because they just thought like I had some sort of thing but after that they actually did serve be like oh like you need to actually do you like your own separate bath because there is still that stigma of like you might be the girlfriend of a gangster or something so they just don't want any trouble.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I didn't like know that. I don't know. I had seen this stuff like that you had to like, cover up your tattoos and I knew about it going like prior. But um since I don't have any, like, I didn't have that issue. Um And I was kind of yeah, wondering like, I mean, I knew that it had like, the kousa like stigma to it, but like, I don't know. I didn't know that they like, actually asked you to like, leave and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: I was surprised to, I kind of wonder if part of it is because you know, I'm like half japanese and so they thought maybe there could be some sort of connection there because I think we give, I wasn't, they just be like, oh, you're like a foreign tourist and you know, people get tattoos elsewhere um because I was trying to, I did make a point of just like walking into the zone sense and only talking english, just like, hey there, you know, I'm from the US and could I get back here? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But I do remember people in Korea were saying like, no, you could pass and people might just assume that like you went and studied abroad and have really good english, so I guess I couldn't couldn't pull it
SPEAKER_L: Whatever.
SPEAKER_R: off.
SPEAKER_L: Who knows? Yeah. Yeah. Well, we definitely got the 25 minute like
SPEAKER_R: that's right. For some reason I thought it was an hour,
SPEAKER_L: mark.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, but like I don't know. I really enjoyed talking to you and stuff. It was cool. I
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: it was great to talk with someone who like isn't part of my work soon group. I feel like that's the only people I talked to normally over a video. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't I I work independently so I don't talk to anyone from work. But I'm just like yeah, but in my house with my boyfriend and my roommate every day like okay
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: bye.
SPEAKER_R: good to talk with like I guess a stranger. It just feels more like a little taste of normal, like when you would be in a grocery store line or something, you know, or at the
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's also nice to because like you mentioned being an introvert but I am also and I usually have like a hard time talking with like new people and stuff. But I think um may be coming from a similar place and also just I don't know maybe it's being online or something. But like yeah, I don't know. It was nice.
SPEAKER_R: And Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't have as much of the uh blanketing social anxiety that I usually experience.
SPEAKER_R: like I I definitely can understand that. I'm usually the person who's like at a party and I'm like, I'm gonna talk to one person this entire time. Uh Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Would
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: talk with the people that I came with usually and like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, this was definitely good. Like it just yeah, it was nice and show and I think we both like also had like travel in common, so that was fun too. Yeah, but I will let you get back to things and I probably have a million emails waiting in my inbox to suck away the rest of my day, so.
SPEAKER_L: You know to I hope not, but like probably I gotta finish my yogurt. Yeah. Yeah. All right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: bye. It was nice to talk to you and meet you and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: too. II