Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Mhm. Uh huh wow. What? Yeah. Yeah. No thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Right. Hey.
Okay.
No just at lunch actually but yeah. Yeah.
Glad to. Yeah now I'm on the East Coast so it's noon. Yeah. Uh Where
where exactly are you?
we're in
California.
Where in California are you
Really?
no it's like Maybe like 45° here today. I don't know how to
check the weather. Hold on, I
want
to get warmer. But No it wasn't 70 but it was cold this morning so I guess I'm still this cold. I don't know. Uh huh.
Um It's been okay. Haven't done much. That's too interesting. Um I'm watching a puppy for a client right now. Yeah. Uh huh. So I've been playing with the puppy. Um I don't know, I went for a long walk like just kind of basic hold up in my house.
fun. Um Yeah it's at least like it's starting to be like nice outside like the leaves are changing here and everything so like I don't know it's a good time to go like hiking and every and stuff like that.
Um Yeah I've done some honestly I had more of an issue with like I just am not very like heat tolerant and like um I
was having a hard time like being outside for too long during um like the really hot months but now that it's cooler I've done like a couple of tikes I think I'm going to I mean next week to do some more hiking. Um I don't know like nothing you like strengthening.
Its are crazy though like it's a little bit touch and go and that like some places are super packed in, some places don't have anyone there at all so. Yeah.
Yeah it's very like uneven I guess. Um I'm hoping that it kind of goes down some as like the weather gets cooler and like just people don't want to go outside because I don't mind like being out in the cold or whatever. But Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've always lived on the east coast so I am definitely. Yeah like Mr that
All
I don't prefer the south that I ever lived was like I grew up outside of philadelphia and since then I've only gone north so yeah or I went to college lake up in Rochester new york so like it was just like snow the entire time I was there like yeah I'm in like boston now and like compared to that it feels like mild but Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well there pretty into food open working with her for about like three months now because like her owner wanted to get her like socialized and like trained somewhat. So like she doesn't get all like weird during the pandemic. So she's with me probably like three days a week. Yeah.
She
plays with my actual dog who's right here. There are. Yeah,
maybe like acted like the tab
something but it seems more work I like um All right. I think we're good now. Yeah. Um And but yeah sorry, just got like a lot going here with like my yogurt and the dog
and
yeah. So have you done anything today other than I guess showered?
right. I don't get to watch horror movies feel often, but I like them, my my boyfriend's afraid of them. Um And then we live together so he doesn't like watching them. But and I don't know, I don't think it's as fun watching by myself, but sometimes I'll.
yeah like especially because I don't know like a lot of horror movies are so like bad that it's like. Yeah I don't know it's like fun to talk through as opposed to like I guess a really intense like drama or something where you need to be involved. Yeah.
and
get there. I don't really get too scared by horror movies in general. Like even the ones that I guess aren't like B movies I guess like I'll watch and like are sometimes just still funny to me a little bit but I don't know maybe
that's a bit
morbid.
Yeah. No I remember I actually remember seeing that in the theaters with like two of my friends I must have been like and early high school or something, I don't remember what year it came out but like they were like really scared and I was like, I feel like there was some scene with like, like a shower curtain or something. Maybe. I'm not thinking of paranormal activity but like one of the, it's like it was a popular movie, like horror movie that came out at like that same time. And like, I don't know, I was just like laughing at it and my friends are getting mad at me.
Yeah,
I've been there. Yeah. I don't know. They just uh I feel like I got
scared at movies that I'm not necessarily supposed to get that scared by sometimes. But then like actually
scary movies like don't usually scare me or have too much of like a lasting impact on me I guess. Right. Hey, she's report like such
a huge mouth.
It's
like
she's a bulldog,
she's an english bulldog. The french bulldogs are like a little smaller and they've got the point of years. But the same likes machine face.
Yeah. My my actual dog, that is my dog is like that. But um I don't know, I've been doing like dog work I guess like kind of to varying degrees for
about the last four years.
So if I've hung out with a lot of dogs. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I mean I think it's there's different degrees of viability with that like depending on where you are, but like I'm in like the boston area so there's like plenty of stuff. Um I actually started doing it because like I had another like day job like it wasn't paying me enough so I started like doing dog stuff and uh like freelancing and like it was like like the day job like isn't getting me as much money as like the dog sitting
or the freelancing so. Yeah.
Yeah, it's very millennial for sure. Over yeah. Kind of been through the wringer with all like I've had a very millennial job experience.
Oh that's
Yeah, I was gonna say, did you know korean beforehand or because I know a lot of like english programs will just like, hi I'm like hire someone that knows english without necessarily like having too much of a grasp on like whatever the actual languages of the
area.
Yeah, I was in Japan for like three weeks last year, like actually this time exactly last year I was there. But yeah, that was, I had a very similar experience with that, I wasn't there as long that I had to buy shampoo or anything. But like I definitely had like a weird like a couple of like food experiences where like I thought I was ordering one thing somewhere and it was like something totally different or like I don't know like one of the ones that was like a big one was like I was like getting like some street food somewhere and they're like these buns and like it was like decorated to be all cute on the outside. Like it was like a little like chick or something and like I guess by like the way it was displayed or being sold I thought that it was gonna be like sweet like have like a custard in the middle or something. Um But instead it was just like full of like pork or something. Like it was fine too. I was fine with like it was like not what I was expecting when I when I bid
in.
Yeah it was in like a booth that was all like pink and purple and stuff and yeah like all the buns like I think there was like a
bear 12 and like this like stuff like that. It looked like a dessert type of thing.
I
definitely had a few like experiences like that for sure.
We kind of went all over um We started out in Tokyo. Um And then we went up like north. I'm not sure how familiar you are with like I guess Tokyo like geography or anything like that or not. Tokyo, I'm
in Japan
like that.
we went up to like Nagano Prefecture which is like a more rural like it's like mountainous and like um it's where they have like all the Wasabi farms and stuff. Um So like um it was like a different like vibe there for sure than the cities. Um And we stopped in Kobe and Osaka and Kyoto
and
I think
he we also went to like one of the small like mountain e towns like in between like the spot
towns that they have.
We
did once for one night. Um and that was really cool. It was by like Mount fuji like it had like a view of Mount fuji so that was like very cool but it was just for one night. So but the rest we kind of just stayed in like regular hotels for the most part. Yeah.
People.
maybe. Oh you speak japanese
or did you speak english?
What?
Yeah.
On this.
what?
Two?
It's really cool
and
I went there too.
That
Yeah. Yeah.
They're yeah they're evidence.
that's really cool. I don't know like that's cool that you were able to have that experience. One of my favorite parts about being there was like even though I don't speak any japanese or anything was just like kind of, I don't know. I feel like in Japan there's like a lot of like just small like restaurants and places like that and it's a lot more like intimate. Like I don't know like I we ended up like talking more with like I guess just like the few people that were around. Um or like I don't know when we were in Tokyo there were like a couple of times where we were in bars and like people were like where are you from? And like why are you here whatever. And like they were pretty like into like I guess the cultural exchange like kind of through like, like, like trying to communicate like kind of with two different languages. I don't know, I had a lot of fun with that, or like um And like, it would be really nice to like have someone like that that would like, I guess get to know like help me get to know like other people get to interact with other people because most of my interactions were like in bars or restaurants or something
rushed.
it's
Oh yeah, I get that. I overwhelm like kind of just as a thing that I just started doing out of like quarantine or I did it a little bit before quarantine, but I started back up with it during the quarantine is um bye. My grandparents um are french Canadian. They lived in like
Quebec and like, I don't know. Um I started doing like some genealogy stuff because like, my grandpa was like interested in it or whatever and like, I was like, I don't know, I'll look up but like has no idea how to use a computer or anything. So it's like, I like look up some stuff for you or whatever and I thought it was just going to be like, just this like, pretty simple like thing. But it turns out that the french Canadians kept really good records and like, there are and they all had like 10 or 12 kids, so it's just like been taking me like a really long time to get through everything and like, yeah, that's like all like cousins, like marrying each other and stuff. So like the trees like. Yeah. Very tangled.
Do you know if like the surname like translates into anything or like, is it like an unusual like name
or something
like that?
I mean like I know a lot of people like americanize their names or whatever but it doesn't sound like that was necessarily the case with this.
What? Yeah. Maybe. Oh
yeah. Kind of. Yeah mysterious. Yeah. I don't know. It's definitely crazy like the disparities just in different places with like documentation of that sort of stuff. My mom's side of the family is irish. And like when I got into like the looking into genealogy stuff, I was like oh no like if I found so much on like my dad's side of the family like maybe I'll find some cool stuff on my mom's side of the family and like it was just like nothing. I had the same issue with like one of my grandparents. There just wasn't any sort of record of them. Like before coming to the U.
S. And No one seems to know how Like why they ended up here like like there's like an immigration paper something that they came like the end of the 1800s. But like other than that like nothing and like I don't know there are like some like irish records but like they're so like not informative in that it will be like mary had eight kids with Big Red O. Reilly or something like notes her name just like mary and like no actual name. Just like
Big Red. Like I literally found someone that was related to me named Big Red which was like well that's like that's pretty
irish. Okay. Yeah like I imagine in Ireland like to get the name Big Red even like you gotta be pretty like Big and Red like but I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
that's uh about the extent I know my family history.
Yeah. It definitely when you are able to like get something, it it is interesting and kind of exciting.
Yeah. It's especially cool because like I was able to get really far back and the thing about it is like eventually somewhere down the line, like you're related to someone that's at least kind of cool. Which like, I don't know, that's kind of need to think about. I like thinking about like, I don't know, like all the people that came before me that I don't have any idea like about them or whatever, but like I don't know that I could be like related to somebody that did something cool. I don't know, I guess I have like a big imagination with like that sort of stuff. I don't know, I like thinking about it even though it's not very productive
or anything.
I've tried I've tried to varying degrees with some of that, but I've mostly been like, you know, I don't know how anybody like focuses on anything. Like I did I did um I did know french for um but like I hadn't practiced it in a long time, I I knew it a lot better um when I was younger because it was both my grandparents first language and like I had taken it in high school and stuff, but I haven't taken anything like since then and I picked up like taking french like during this, but I would say that's like probably about the most productive thing I've done, like that's that's my exception.
What's about what you need? Yeah. Like um
americans like, I don't know, like I'm american like no, it's it's pretty easy to get by there like
I don't
know.
uh Yeah it was there for, oh I went for like a short or trip um like a few years ago but
I
don't know.
Yeah. Yeah I'm lucky in that like um like my I guess most breadwinning job is like I write about photography and stuff mostly. Um So I'm able to finance some of my travel in that or like not necessarily finance per se. But like I get a lot of like um like work out of traveling like stuff like for my Japan trip like for instance like I did a whole piece on like the Sony camera store that was there and I did like a couple other articles about like what do you photograph when you're in Tokyo or like things like that. So I like I like to travel but I also like kind of do some work and stuff while I'm at it. Or I guess it's more like doing work after the fact, but like related to the travel
are or Yeah, like or even just like, like the photography writing that I do, like half of it is like tutorials or like I do a lot of product reviews and stuff like that, so I need to like have like pictures that are mine that I can use for like things like that. So like even I guess like the like going out somewhere and like shooting is like kind of job related and I'm able to finance some of that and that's nice. Yeah. But yeah, France was like the little, I don't know paris was a little bit like overwhelming
for me honestly. Um There's a little too, like it's not a very friendly city I would say, but it is pretty easy to get around and stuff, I would say
hello.
Yeah, I wouldn't say that about like all of France though because we did go outside of France and like everybody we met outside of paris was like really friendly
propagated. Well I think it's just kind of like a new york city type of thing where like I don't have a good like and west coast equivalent because I've only been there once but have like, it's kind of like a new york city where I think like people are a little like, I don't know like grumpy and just like doing their own thing and just try it get by and there's probably a lot of annoying tourists from all over the place and don't have much patience for them.
Well,
but I'm also like, I'm I don't know, I would have told you before that I wasn't much of a city person, but I did really like Tokyo I think is because like just even though there's a lot of people, they kind of stay out of your way or whatever. I think that was whenever possible. Or even when you're like crammed together in a place like it's like, I don't know, everybody is like consider it of your space or whatever. So but for the most part, I don't like cities that much so that might just be like my own bias with with that.
Yeah. I like I like small cities and stuff like that. Like I think in just about any city I can find like stuff that I like but like yeah, I don't know. I find I guess the experience of like living or like being in a city long term or whatever to be like not enjoyable. Why? Yeah.
Do you know if we were supposed to actually be talking about anything specific
during
this?
Yeah. I ran through it twice and I didn't see anything. But I was like, did I like miss like a
like
waffle? We must be like, I think it had something to do with covid too. So maybe it's like seeing how much people just talk about that on their own. Or like, I don't, I don't know. I'm not gonna pretend to know. I've never taken like a scion flourish whatever class that I've had to do an experiment on someone on.
Yeah. I would I would love to be that person. I right. I like this kind of stuff. Or like, I don't know, I I did I studied photography in school and like, I don't know, I did a lot of like research on like surveillance and stuff like that. That stuff is like very interesting to me. But like I guess in like a more philosophical way than like a purely scientific one. Like the people that are watching this right now or in the future like.
No, I I would like to know more about that though. Like what's
what's the deal with that?
Mhm. Yeah. I'm familiar. I do have a friend that's from china and like has like I think showed me or like told me about like this kind of catch all like that uber facebook like act thing.
it like accessible anywhere? Can you see your score or is it just like
internal?
Mhm. Yeah. I'm gonna I'm not going to forget about that. What I will be looking into that for sure. Yeah. That's three.
huh. I don't know. Like the surveillance stuff is like very conflicting because it is invasive but also like I think that it's really cool that I guess the technology to be able to use photography like is so accessible now. Like I think it's a really exciting time like from an artistic perspective in that like a lot of people that like historically don't have access to the education or materials to make their own art like suddenly have like a camera in their pocket. Like I don't know.
Uh huh. So like, I don't know. I got mixed feelings about it all.
it's
all.
Yeah. I don't know. I think about all this stuff like a lot. So wow. Hopefully, I don't know one day I would like to like write about all this stuff, but I don't have the brain power or capacity to do that right now during the pandemic.
um you said that you know some japanese,
I have a question for you that you may not have like any sort of answer to. But I was thinking about a lot in Japan, like, so The thing that stuck out to me, I ended up like the day that we landed was the day that that big category five hurricane, like came down where we landed the night before and then it hit the next day. So I spent the first whole day that I was there like day and a half, like hold up in my hotel room. So
like not being able to do anything. I like, like browse through like the television a lot. And like the first like, thing that I noticed was like how like text heavy, like so much of the programming is like, even the like news and stuff and how like, there was like a lot of just like text popping up and like in different colours and like, fonts and stuff like that. And like, I even tried like using like my google translate like, like holding it up because we've got like this function now, we're like, you can use the camera and like, it will translate, but like, a lot of it just wasn't making sense like, do you know like what sort of like, things like they might be like putting up or whatever like, is it just like things that are related to the story or like, words that they're saying or like?
Yeah. I think that's more what I'm thinking of. Like, I saw a lot of like, yeah, stuff like that, but it was like kind of, I couldn't tell if it was like a local news thing or like a
whatever.
Okay, no, there's been a lot of sense and is like really helpful because like I have like tried to look into that and like you have not had the vocabulary to like properly like search what like is going on with that. I did notice like the panels I guess with people like reacting at the bottom and was like, oh, like that's like really weird but cool. Like I don't know like I like, I just like if ever there was a time that I wish I had like some goggles or something that could like translate everything for me. Like it was
like watching japanese television like
at
the time. Yeah, like I don't know like one that like stands out to me specifically that was like full of like I guess now I know that it's like reactions or whatever. Like just had like text popping up. But it was like a guy like, I guess in some sort of local restaurant, like making pickles and I was like, like, what could they be like saying about this? Like it was like clearly like a guy like talking to another guy about like making pickles or something like our pickled foods like, but it was just like constant, like, like text coming up and I was like, oh, like what does it mean?
Yeah, like uh yeah, okay. Thank you very much. That is like extremely helpful and something that's been like, like kind of on and off. Like I just think about and have not had an answer for for like the
past
year.
No, I definitely have. It's just like, I just, I don't know anyone with like enough japanese or like the context of like having seen japanese television to look like answer that for me.
Yeah. Just go on forever. I was like, I was fascinated by it though. Like, especially because like I just feel like with like there was so much of it that I have to believe that like there's got to be a big audience for things like that. But I feel like if that played like here, it would just like be like, like immediately like, um like passed over, like not even like
two seconds of like attention and like, I don't know, I have to like go back to japan or talk to more people or something to like figure out what that means culturally. But like
that.
Yeah. Like maybe they just need the like, yeah, the box. Maybe that's the cool. The other thing that surprised me was like, I saw like a ton of horse racing, which like I would like I saw it like multiple times like at different times. Like I was just like surprised like in that I didn't think that it was like much of like a thing outside the U. S. Even. Like I thought that was like a pretty american thing and I don't know there was a ton of like horse racing.
Uh huh. I have no idea. Like I'm just trying to like it must be like on the outskirts or something because I don't know where they would fit that. But like.
Yeah. No my boy. Uh huh. Okay. Well I mean that I guess that makes more sense with like the horse racing then. I don't know. I just found like if I was like because after this first day I was just like so curious about like the japanese television that like whatever like hotel we were staying at or whatever. It was like flipping through the channels, what was there? And I feel like even at the ones with like only a few channels available, like there was always like a horse racing channel and I was like, not what I was expecting. Okay. Like of any sport to be like being, you know, featured. Yeah.
Um yeah, that trip to France, like I've split up at that time, like I was only in France for a little bit of it and I was also in Belgium during that trip and I've been to Canada several times and I went to Iceland several years ago and I think that's it. It's all been within the last few years. Like, yeah, like post graduating college before that I hadn't like gone anywhere or done anything
like
that.
Thanks mom. Like
what I want to be thinking about right now like I don't know.
I feel
I feel like as much as like people worry about that sort of stuff in the U. S. Like it's got to be like a million times more prominent in like south Korea. Like just with like I don't know like all the unification stuff and you know like literally bordering
it's kind of relatable. Well
yeah, I don't know like Yeah, like that sounds like something my mom would do one thing like articles about North Korea weird like stuff wallowing in South Korea like.
Yeah, I can see or I can see like to a degree, I can't see like the details or tell like okay. Yeah, it's like a flower and son and like a brief type of thing. Yeah. Well I'm just surprised because like I know that like tattoos are like such a like stigmatised thing in Japan specifically, I don't know about elsewhere, but like,
thank you with all this stuff like, oh, if you have a tattoo, like you gotta like cover it up, whatever.
whoa,
wow, whoa.
It's like, yeah, that's a long time to like, I haven't had a tattoo, so I haven't gotten a tattoo. So I mean, I don't know, I guess on the scale of tattoos, it's like it could be a lot longer, but like that seems like a long time to like the yeah, I just gotta get tattoo from like some guy in a stairwell far more
Well,
well a lot of that sounds like not fun.
Pretty Yeah, like in that like, I don't know like the tattoo guns, like it's going so fast that like, I'd feel like it wouldn't feel like getting poked by needles as much I guess
as that's
deliberately
poked with the needle like that.
My way.
Oh, What t for
you
there?
Yeah. Yeah. I didn't like know that. I don't know. I had seen this stuff like that you had to like, cover up your tattoos and I knew about it going like prior. But um since I don't have any, like, I didn't have that issue. Um And I was kind of yeah, wondering like, I mean, I knew that it had like, the kousa like stigma to it, but like, I don't know. I didn't know that they like, actually asked you to like, leave and stuff.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Whatever.
Who knows? Yeah. Yeah. Well, we definitely got the 25 minute like
mark.
No, no, but like I don't know. I really enjoyed talking to you and stuff. It was cool. I
don't know.
Yeah. I don't I I work independently so I don't talk to anyone from work. But I'm just like yeah, but in my house with my boyfriend and my roommate every day like okay
bye.
Yeah. I mean it's also nice to because like you mentioned being an introvert but I am also and I usually have like a hard time talking with like new people and stuff. But I think um may be coming from a similar place and also just I don't know maybe it's being online or something. But like yeah, I don't know. It was nice.
I didn't have as much of the uh blanketing social anxiety that I usually experience.
Yeah. Would
talk with the people that I came with usually and like Yeah.
You know to I hope not, but like probably I gotta finish my yogurt. Yeah. Yeah. All right,
bye. It was nice to talk to you and meet you and
stuff.