Mhm.
Hey, how are you? It looks like you're eating breakfast, I don't want to interrupt.
Oh hey, I'm Corey and it's nine a.m. Here. So I just got out the shower, so my hair is still kind of
Mhm
California and how
about
you? Uh huh.
Oh, I'm in Sacramento area, so it's gonna be like 100° today. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's, we're having like this resurgence of heat and I'm just like, it's october come on, you know?
gosh.
I lived
in.
So I guess how was your day then, so far? Uh huh.
Yeah, I know, it kind of feels like when you asked like, what are you up to this weekend, everyone just says netflix, like catching up on my shows. Yeah.
Have you been able to since the pandemic started?
Mhm.
Not
would say a similar thing in California, Like all my friends said they went to one place and it was just like packed with people and then another place it was like oh we have the whole part to ourselves. Okay.
That sounds like your adjusted to the east Coast. Like winter is just not the summers that get all humid.
Yeah. I lived in Washington D. C. Well actually I lived in Maryland for about year and then
commute to work in D. C. And I've pretty much spent my entire life in California. So it's like the wind hurts like what is this? Mhm.
Yeah. Mm hmm.
I love how the dogs like I want some of that.
And does she get to meet with other
dogs?
Mhm. Oh
no worries.
no
worries.
Uh No, not really. I actually stayed up kind of late watching this horror movie. I'm trying to remember the name of it because it's october so I feel like Halloween watch scary movies. Um I think it was inheritance or maybe it was heritage or something like that, but it was basically about like demonic possession and hauntings and like why do I watch this late at night? I don't know.
like it feels like horror movies especially or like a social kind of thing. Um and it's the,
I have maybe a few friends who can watch horror movies with me and then of that group, it's like two of them will only watch like the b ones where, you know,
just like awful and not really scary. You're just like, oh, that's a guy in a t rex costume.
No,
I'm with you on that.
I remember watching paranormal activity when it first came out and there's that one part where they see the footprints and the flower and I just started cracking up for some reason. I was like, this guy is like, you know, this demons like a dude, like he's just doing this on purpose like
Yeah, it was a friend to and he kept on being like stop tackling like you're scarier than the movie. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
continue.
Thanks.
I
know she does.
She
uh what they called a friend? She or uh
yeah.
yeah, we always get like unknown dogs from the pound, so it's like a guessing game as to what exactly they are um last
I'm
not.
my little sister is also like really into dogs and I'm always telling her like, you know, you could like, you know, work with dogs if you want to and just be like, you know, a pet sitter.
Millennial
story right there, you know.
Yeah, I'm feeling that like, I think um for me I guess I kind of got lucky in that after college, like I was able to go to South Korea and teach english there for a year. So
it was really fun and you know, people thought I was carrying, I'm like, I'm not I don't understand what you're saying, but you know, I can like do.
that
was definitely my experience. Like I think I got off the plane in South Korea and I knew how to read the letter A um and that was about it Oh and just say hello because that was like all I picked up from the phrase book I bought, I was going to be there for like a year because that was the duration of my teaching contract and I remember going to a store to buy shampoo and if you don't know how read like anything that's in a bottle that's gooey and you know it has like flowers on, it looks like shampoo and then it turned out I was like using just regular soap to wash my hair with and the whole time I was like wow, the water here is really bad, like something's really messing with my hair mhm
like
you see cute things and you think, oh it's like a cake or cupcake? Yeah
huh
mm why don't
we get together?
So um what part Japan did you go to? Was it like Tokyo or? Mhm.
I'm
not like
I went to Japan but I went like from Tokyo to Kyoto using that bullet train and that was about it. Uh I ever went up north from Tokyo.
You really feel
like
the,
did
you stay at Wannsee a traditional ends with like the on son?
I'm
I went to Japan actually after my teaching contract in Korea because it was kind of on the way back to the U. S. Um so I think like a week in Tokyo and that was like really interesting and super excited because I taught in rural south Korea and then go back to like this big bustling metro like place um because this is so neat and also I'm feeling a little overwhelmed now and then
I went um to Gifu Prefecture which is kind of in Central Japan and my grandma's cousin was still alive at the time because I'm half japanese american. And so I got to meet her and I remember getting off the train and there's this little lady was like a little sun umbrella just like standing on the platform and she just like sees me and I'm like, I'm having my big giant backpack on me. So I clearly looked like a traveler. She's just like, okay, V and I'm like, oh, welcome home. Oh my gosh, you're so cute.
Um Not very much.
I'm pretty much a native english speaker. Um, I did one semester of japanese in college and I was not the best in the class. Like there were these guys who were like super into like anime and you know, video games way beyond me, just like, okay,
like what are you doing in 101? Um
But yeah like I speak enough, I spoke enough to get by um You know I was usually able to just like if all else fails just be like oh America gee just like I'm an american able to stop to speak english like I could really use it.
So yeah I've stopped off in Kiev Ukraine pictures, stayed with like relatives I never met before. Um And they lived in like this rural farming town and I remember they were taking me around and showing me to all their neighbors and they were like oh yeah like she is a relative from the U.
S. And you know she's here to like visit and all her neighbors were
farmers. They'd be like oh wait a second like here's a yam, here's a squash and so yeah and so she went home and she made like a vegetable kind of stew using all the food that the, I guess village gave her. Um
and then after that like,
you know, I went to Kyoto and did the usual like temple um you know on some kind of route where I was like, oh look like there's deer in this Nora park who are kind of, yeah,
this
one's chasing me okay.
Yeah,
I was like I shouldn't have bought the biscuits, you know? Mm Yeah.
like it was definitely really cool to have my grandma's cousin, sorry, I've got a bit creek in this road um like showing me around because I'm pretty sure if I had just stopped in like the food by myself, they would have been like, oh you seem lost. Like let me help you back to the train station. Uh
but it wouldn't have nearly been as like, oh like you know, come visit me after dinner, like we'll stay on the porch and I'll try and tell you in what little english I know about like your relatives who used to live here and farm, you know the rice paddies
and by the way your relatives were cousins who married each other. I'm like, oh boy.
But
I also tried to do a genealogy um sort of background and I don't know what it is, but I suspect that one of my grandpas maybe the either messed up his name on immigration or he just chose a name that doesn't actually exist. Because when I went back to Japan, um I was kind of asking around like, oh, hey, have you ever heard of this family with my grandpas last name? They're like, no, no, I don't think that's actually a name that existing. And I actually asked a friend um, he like studied abroad in the US, but he's Japanese so he's like, you know this way around? I was like, hey, is there a way to like access to government records and see if my grandpa ever actually existed? He was like, um, no, I couldn't find him. So some kind of,
it's an unusual
name
and I never learned the Kanji characters, like the chinese characters for it because that's usually where you can translate it to like heavenly wind or you know, whatever it is. So he, his side of the family is just like a mystery and I'm kind of like intrigued even know like why he changed his name and like made up a new one when he came over. Yeah,
I think he just like added some new things to it. So apartment is like dreaming up very romantic kind of things where I'm like oh like you got on the wrong side of the gangs and then you had to like flea and
so yeah and then the chinese side of my family like they used um I guess they call them like paper sons where they just kind of like use fake documentation so that's also kind of a bit
All
gosh
great,
It's yeah.
Yeah I mean I would say what I managed to dig up was like the most I could find I was sharing with all my aunts and uncles and they're like oh like this is really interesting so it was pretty fun like
it felt like being some sort of I don't know like library detective. Right?
No,
no worries. Like I that's actually one thing that kind of drives me crazy about the whole shelter in place. Pandemic thing is it feels I call it productivity porn where all of sudden people are like, oh you're stuck at home, you have nothing to do. Let's learn how make sour dough bread, learn french, get in shape and like by the way, have you decided to pick up guitar or piano yet? Uh
I took french troops I think two years in high school and all I can really remember is like charlie woo fiance and gymnastic pa
and fromage cheese. Mhm.
have
you
been to
to,
because
I've always been curious about going to France, but just I don't know, like never been able to. So
you get good like material by being in a different.
You mean
you're like this. I think you're the third person who said like it's not the most tourist friendly city, so I remember
that.
So it sounds like paris is just kind of over it.
That actually works for me. I remember taking a bus when I lived on the East Coast up to new york and stayed there for a few days and I was definitely the tourists who was gaping at all the sky scape skyscrapers and people are like come on move. So uh so yeah, okay. I get I
get the image in my head now. Yeah.
I'm kind of on the introvert side as well. So it's like cities can be a bit overwhelming, but I like visiting them for a few days like okay, let me get a feel for the vibe. Let me check things out and now go go to where it's nice and quiet, you know?
Right. All right.
I
actually
was looking at the instructions beforehand.
No, I
think it was just like free flow conversation. I suspect they're like seeing how people interact or something. Um Uh
Like I just have to wonder how because I know this is being recorded. I'm like, it must be really interesting to be the scientist who is like watching this and I don't even know what they're looking for but just imagine like all these different conversations and like
I mean it is a little bit scary to think about like I guess just how much surveillance we have already. Um And I don't know like have you heard about china and the like the like credit score, but for like everything that they do
so so
I'm trying to remember but from what I recall it's like a lot of the services that people use are kind of all under the same like company and it's kind of like semi state owned so like the equivalent of like Uber and lift is just like one company that's also with the same umbrella as the same like there.
and so apparently like the government has started collating that data because it's all in one centralized location and they started like assigning kind of like a credit score to people based off of actually don't quite know what's based off of. But they use a lot of the information from the apps like your shopping habits and like your travel habits and kind of like how much debt you have and all that to sort of essentially it feels like a black mirror episode but like to kind of like rank people and I don't know how they're going to use that data but I did hear from a friend, there's also chinese that like people are kind of like what the heck are you doing this for? Like what is the scoring system? So yeah. Um
I
think it is accessible. I feel like there's been some articles and like the BBC and wired magazine about it. I wish there was a chat function because I could just quickly google it and then send it to you but Okay.
Sorry, go ahead. Yeah.
No,
I mean I definitely hear you like there's something about like the accessibility of like having this, you know, basically supercomputer in our pockets with a really excellent phone. Like people have made movies using their iphone Yeah, it's just like everyone
has their
own gallery of images that they can curate on, like instagram or whatever. So it is pretty cool from that perspective, yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, totally fair. Like there are definitely days where I'm like, you know what, I just feel like lying on the floor and thinking, so that's what I do. Uh
just a little bit, not a lot. Is there something?
No.
mean, I think on news programs, most of the stuff that you see scrolling underneath is kind of like what you would see in our news programs, where it's just like, oh, the newest update kind of thing, you're talking more about like those kind of panel shows, like where there's people reacting. Yeah.
like some of the stuff that you'll
see is like reaction stuff, like I guess the equivalent is kind of like stickies in text message charges like L. L. And that's like the equivalent, let's popping up. It's like oh you know like that? Um sometimes I feel like the text on the bottom, it's I actually don't know enough japanese be able to translate that, but I do know like the little word bubbles that pop up just tend to be kind of like exclamation points usually if that makes sense. Yeah.
It's
like it's very own, you kind
of thing.
Yeah, I actually found that those types of programs are really like communist, where they like to sort of be like, oh like here's a craftsman who's like making kites and a lot of times it'll be like the sound effects of maybe the sound that it makes when he's cutting the board. Just like shaka, shaka, shaka kind of thing. Or it could be, you know what the host is like trying a pickle and he's like, oh like why she? And then you'll see like oh, delicious, like papa. Yeah.
I was
gonna say
you've been thinking about this for a while.
I remember, yeah, similar thing to when I was watching um like programming with my relatives and they were just like, oh like come over here and watch this and I was like, oh the guys like making mole cheesecakes and they're like always so interesting and then just like program runs for like half an hour, you know?
breathe.
I mean if they
add in a few explosions like I guess people.
Yeah, I think in Tokyo there's actually like a really big famous horse racing track, I never went there because it's just not really my thing, but it wouldn't surprise me of like, yeah, I guess there's enough interest to have a giant horse racing track in the middle of the metropolitan cities. So
I can't remember what line it was on, but it was like, he was like the core, like you know that circle of the main Tokyo and then we're like here, but it still was accessible like you could get there and maybe uh like 40 to 50 minutes. I think it was, they were staying at a hostel that was on the outskirts because it was like cheaper so that's, that's the only thing I know.
Yeah. Are there other countries that you've been to? Just out of curiosity since it sounds like you've traveled a lot?
Yeah, I was saying
similar
spot, like my family doesn't really like to travel. My sister like is scared of airplanes and my dad will say he's too old to sit on and playing for that long. So I never really left I guess basically my home state until after college. Um and then I just remember like part of it was, you know, the economy just wasn't that great and my options were like work at T. J. Maxx or go teach english in south Korea. Um so you know, I went off to go teach english in south Korea and I just remember my mom would send me these like news articles about North Korea's nuclear weapons
and
and I guess I was kind of
go ahead.
Yeah. I mean I actually talked with some of my, like I end up making some friends in South Korea about like, hey you have this like angry neighbor that's not too far away. And a lot of them were like, oh, I'm kind of used to it because like he always does this kind of stuff and nothing's ever come a bit. Yeah. Yeah,
Yeah, it's,
yeah, so I think when I came back she was, you know, definitely happier. But I also got tattooed while I was like in Japan. So yeah, I actually let me see if I can show it. Um I don't know if you can see that. Yeah.
no, I um
so I got this done in Japan when I was in Tokyo and I'm pretty sure the tattoo of which I saw was like associate with the Yakuza, which is the mafia there because it wasn't advertised really at all. Like I just heard about the artist through like word of mouth and I was wandering through this alley and you know how there's all those like little bars and restaurants in the alley and it turned out to be up a flight of stairs again, no sign whatsoever. And there's this guy like standing in the stairs just like smoking a cigarette with like sunglasses on. I just started like okay.
And I was just started like, I don't know, I like definitely did the lost tourist thing. I was just like, oh like hi there like I'm a tourist and just like us like tattoos like early zooming upstairs like he was just like, oh. Mhm.
And so I went up there and this took actually five hours for them to do.
I mean, I was expecting um I guess for them to use like a tattoo gun because I think that would have gotten it done in probably about three hours. But they used a tattoo gun for like some of the darker like border stuff. But then the detailed work, they actually had like these needles on a stick that they would dip into the ink and then they were just
do this kind of motion and that's why it took so long because they were just like popo, popo poke.
It was definitely an interesting sensation. I was just like, well, okay.
it's kind of more like,
just
like Yeah.
Yeah, so that, that was, I remember the first, maybe 2.5 to 3.5 hours. I was like, okay, this isn't too bad. And the last like hour and a half, I was like, oh okay,
kind of clenching my teeth here, they're like here take some tea, okay. Mhm.
they
were actually
pretty nice about it. Um and then they banned it, they put a bandage over it so I was able to get into a own send for like the first couple of times because they just thought like I had some sort of thing but after that they actually did serve be like oh like you need to actually do you like your own separate bath because there is still that stigma of like you might be the girlfriend of a gangster or something so they just don't want any trouble.
I was surprised to, I kind of wonder if part of it is because you know, I'm like half japanese and so they thought maybe there could be some sort of connection there because I think we give, I wasn't, they just be like, oh, you're like a foreign tourist and you know, people get tattoos elsewhere um because I was trying to, I did make a point of just like walking into the zone sense and only talking english, just like, hey there, you know, I'm from the US and could I get back here? Mhm.
But I do remember people in Korea were saying like, no, you could pass and people might just assume that like you went and studied abroad and have really good english, so I guess I couldn't couldn't pull it
off.
that's right. For some reason I thought it was an hour,
but yeah.
no,
it was great to talk with someone who like isn't part of my work soon group. I feel like that's the only people I talked to normally over a video. Yeah,
it was
good to talk with like I guess a stranger. It just feels more like a little taste of normal, like when you would be in a grocery store line or something, you know, or at the
And Yes.
like I I definitely can understand that. I'm usually the person who's like at a party and I'm like, I'm gonna talk to one person this entire time. Uh Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah, this was definitely good. Like it just yeah, it was nice and show and I think we both like also had like travel in common, so that was fun too. Yeah, but I will let you get back to things and I probably have a million emails waiting in my inbox to suck away the rest of my day, so.
yeah,
you
too. II