I
No, it's fine. I've got the air conditioner in my camper running to
background noise. Yeah,
name is Jennifer.
I am. I'm in colorado. It's
hot and dry wine.
Well,
we're, I'm in Colorado Springs, so you know, right in front of, right in front of pikes peak. Yeah. So I mean we get it all, you know, and but the summers, they have tended to get a little hotter, you know, in a little dryer every year passed like 20 years.
You
know,
I mean, I would still prefer this to the south. You know, where it's that hot, humid, you know, it's wet
and
about the door you're instantly covered in wet sweat.
Yeah. Right. Yeah, it's unbearable. It really is. I don't see how people can be. I mean, I guess you get, you can get used to anything and your body can acclimated. But I don't know, I mean, it was kind of like it's pushing it. It's so extreme.
Well I've been here since I was 11 months old so
I'm basically you know I consider myself to be from Colorado. I was born in New Orleans though you know. So yeah my
dad had some work, you know roofing work in pueblo. So he went and you know took a trip into the work and then they took a day trip up to Colorado Springs and he loved the mountains, just fell in love with him.
So when he went back to Louisiana and my mom was pregnant you know with me at the time uh he told her like look when we move we're moving up there, we're moving
to colorado
experience and then you know right right after I was born, well almost a year old we had to move
and that's what we took us.
We've
been ever since.
I mean the accents are another, you know, curious thing. The southern accents because like I find it weird. I get asked so often by people who are strangers are like Where are you from? And then I tell them I'm like well I'm from Colorado Springs, but I was born in New Orleans and then and then I have to explain to them, they're like because yeah, you have a southern accent. And so I'm like well that's weird because I didn't even know how to talk when I left Louisiana.
You know, I was 11 months old and I learned how to talk in Colorado but yet people can still here even to this day
accent.
Well
uh we went back to Louisiana when I was four, we went back there. I don't remember much of the trip, you know with some court. My dad had to go to court and pay off some you know judges and stuff so that he wouldn't go to prison. So we took a family trip down there to deal with that. And then I remember meeting my aunt Sheila down there and she had one of those old old vans that I had the T. V. S. And the company
reforms in the back of them when those things come out you know and I remember going to chuck e cheese with her but I don't remember much of the scenery at all
you know And then but that was new Orleans that we went back to. And then when I was 16 after Hurricane Katrina hit we had some issues you know here in our in our lives you know so my mom and one of my brothers and I we decided to uh go live in Miami with my mom's friend who was uh he had some medical problems and and had his half of his uh under his knee cut off like years and years ago. And so he just and it wasn't getting any better. He was just you know deteriorating and needed help. So he sent us the money to bring us over to Miami and we had to rent a U. Haul and we were telling her little chevy cavalier uh to Miami you know and we drove through we drove through
um you know Louisiana, Alabama Mississippi I mean somebody some of texas to it was it was so crazy you know seeing Louisiana that way because I mean I know Louisiana in my head based off of what I've seen the pictures you know from tv in books but I don't remember exactly the feel of being in the place but I still feel a connection to it. And so when we drove through it and it was just abandoned, I mean a ghost town, all of them, all the little towns, you know New Orleans was just nothing, there's nothing
and
but I mean we were driving around for hours trying to find, you know, like a gas station or something that was open and the place was deserted. It was eerie.
locked
down whatever around
kind
of that's kind of scary how you know the people will listen to the government as easily as that you know and stay home put your mask on you know and look at what everybody's doing. They stay at home putting their mask on
what
to
do.
Yeah, to a to a certain degree, absolutely. Um some a lot of people focus on the wrong parts of it though. The, uh, irrelevant, you know, things like, for instance, with the masks, we've got these little like sides now, like things I guess you got the mask wears and you got the non mask wears, you know, you've got the people who believe that you should wear the mask and they get really offended and upset if you don't wear a mask and then you got the others who are saying, oh, you know, it's a government conspiracy. F the masks, we don't need them. We don't want them, you know, and, and there's been like fights and stuff in walmart, like between people, you know, over, hey, you're not wearing a mask and one is, and they end up, you know, socking each other and cops getting cold. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a really
weird
way.
And then like for the riots, you know, for the black lives matter, like that's been a weird too because so like we had it was a few weeks ago On southbound I-25 right
downtown
in the middle of the city, you know like when you're on when you're heading, you know north up to go to convert. So they had some cars block um one or two of the on ramps heading northbound to where other cars couldn't get on there. And then they had their friends and their other protests for people, you know, get their vehicles up there and they like park them all like facing each other, you know like every which way or like 30 vehicles or something, you know, and just took over all of all of the north bound lanes, Nobody could even get through if they wanted to. And then and
then they
were pulling their masks out and they were standing on their cars and they had signs, you know, and I I was heading southbound on 25 I drove up to it and I'm like what is going on here? It looks like some freak crazy, you know, multi car accident or something, you know, with with how all the cars were facing
each other. But then I saw the two big signs that
read black
lives matter and then you got, you know the chilled little chickie on top of the car, you know with their little mask on and she's yelling, you know, all kinds of stuff like like running the, you know riot, getting them all geared up to protest
and
it was just, it was crazy I
could
that's
not the intelligent way, you know, to deal with these problems no more than writing in walmart over not wearing a mask, you know I mean,
and the and inciting them to become violent as well, you know, because because I mean you can protest and riot, but there are two different things and rioting is what's going to turn violent and cause destruction, you know?
What
I've noticed at least here in colorado springs with the whole riots and black lives matter is it's predominantly a bunch of young kids. I mean, probably between like 25 18, 17, you know, and they, I don't know if they're just have some misconception about the whole thing or if they're just holding grudges or if they, if they just are out of the loop on, on what it's really about or if they just want, I just get involved in something because there's a pent up, you know, from everything that's been going on, so they're just doing something to do it, you know? And yeah, I mean you would think that that they would know that, you know, not by blocking an interstate, it's not going to help anything and then and then the cops have to find out all of their names and then they had to go and issue tickets and citations do them all, you know? But that took a couple of weeks
and
and
you know
when that was happening, the cops didn't do anything because it was right after the the incident with the dude uh with
the cops
standing on. Yeah. Yeah. So the cops are like and we had been having our protests and and stuff like that, you know, and it had just like calm down so we had started thinking everything was going to be chill, you know? And the next thing we know, we got 30 cars on 25 you know? So when the cops rolled up, they just basically stopped before all the protesters and didn't let anybody you know past but nobody was trying to pass anyways because there were so many cars and the way you couldn't pass, you know? So like it was like the protesters and then you got a line of cops and then you got a huge flooring out of all the cars
that can go anywhere, you know? And
I mean I guess when it backed up enough some of them were getting off the uh getting off the off ramps, you know, way further back. But yeah, it was backed up for miles
and miles and it's like what are the cops doing? They're just sitting here watching you guys, you know because they don't they don't want to act I guess
what
they went back, you know, and they gave them all tickets smack on the wrist.
We're
right in town. Yeah. Yeah. Well we're on the southeast part of the city, but I mean I'm everywhere I go, roger live everywhere. I'm all over the place.
Yeah.
Yeah. We have restrictions. Well, I mean we're under the safer at home orders. Um We have, we have a statewide mandate to wear masks now. Um you who are being denied service if you don't wear a mask inside of an establishment, grocery stores, you know, food places, health places, you know, many of it. And then uh let's see the schools have all delayed, you know, they've all been sent back more
and then they're transferring to the E learning more and more, you know, as if to prepare us for never going back to school and then um I mean we have all the same, you know, hygiene protocols in place and stuff like that. Um They had to threaten to close down all the hiking and stuff because we had too many people on trails at once. You know, who weren't distancing even on the trails. You know when you get everybody who's been locked up inside and then you're allowed to be safer at home but can go outside. Where is everyone going to go? They're gonna go to all of the mountains. You know, they're gonna go hiking. So when you think it's gonna be desolate and you know, you've got 80 other people you know around
you all trying to hike. So
you governor had to crack down on that and he's like, look man, if you
guys don't ourselves are distancing themselves, I'm gonna have to shut all the trails down. I don't want to do that. But
Yeah. To limit the amount of people you can do stuff, you can do stuff, you can even do stuff with more than 10 people. But as long as everyone's six ft apart, you know,
I
mean people could be creative if they wanted
to. We're coming up with, you know, ways to hang out with large groups of people that isn't close, you
know, walking talkies, you know, two way radios. I've come to really like those lately. You
know,
like, I mean you get some miles, you know, range and you don't have to worry about nothing. So like I could have my home, you know, way far over there and they got a radio, I got a radio and I can have the whole time we're kicking it. You know, we're hanging out with our radios and
I'm not watching you.
But
yeah, I mean, I don't know, there's there's ways people could think of to you know make this better since we're living through, we were being forced to look through it for whatever
reason.
Um Pretty decently. Yeah. Has. Yeah I've seen a lot of business businesses closing their doors and then um like they're cutting a bunch of funding to the schools.
Um And then well the unemployment you know that that's where the mess, real mess
construction
but I guess we're like the number three
like place one
of
the best place to
live in America right now what we have been for a while but we still are so like they've been just building houses and houses and houses and houses like all over the place and and not just houses but new restaurants, you know and new uh senior living facilities and you know all kinds of stuff so
like I mean it's skyrocketed in the past like four years, it's skyrocketed and we had like a normal growth, you know? I think like what I read yesterday was that we now have a 1.8% yearly growth in El Paso County. And and and so I mean I guess that's high, I don't know much about percentages and stuff, you know with that, but 1.8%
a year. One year. Yeah and we had this growth rate for like four years now, you know, so we're uh let's see Um El Paso County has 740 I think 748,000. Yeah, we're almost got a million. Yeah.
three quarters. Uh
So El paso County mix up Colorado Springs, Manitou Springs Falcon Callahan. You know all the little places you know, that can barely qualify as a town honestly, but you know, they still do. Yeah, so, but Colorado Springs alone, we have 668,000 and something people
as a 2020.
probably
not. I'm
sure they do. I mean, well,
I don't know what the census though. I mean, I'm not sure because they move around a lot, you know, I mean, I guess wouldn't it be how long you're there if you're, if you're there for a year or not?
because
I never even thought about that about if the mill, if the military personnel who are stationed here and stuff, they get counted as the population, you know?
And they'd be coming and going all the time. Yeah.
And then when we have troops to come back, you know, who have been gone for a while for years, you know, I mean, how did they get counted back into? How does that work? Not like the government's going to answer our questions though.
I'm like 20 minutes.
We are literally right right on the bottom. You have the foot hills. Yeah
yeah you can just drive right up there and
be at the top
to the top of pikes Peak. Um I don't know, I mean it all depends really because Denver you got Denver, you know everybody is going from Denver to Denver so the traffic is always bad and they got a bunch of construction going to now to make another lane
so that makes it hell you know, no matter what you're doing. So the trip when you go to Denver is like twice as long as it normally would be. But to like if you wanted to like drive from Colorado Springs
to the
top of pikes Peak and I'm gonna look that up real quick actually because I'm kind of interested to know because it's been years since I've gone to the top of pikes Peak, I was like four years old and then I had I had an altitude sickness so I had to be raced back down the mountain. Oh and alcohol. I remember from that was laying on the floor and some restaurant while my parents and brothers while eating around me just feeling so sick. I was I felt like I was about to die man and everybody just ignoring me, the waitresses, I was just looking at me kind of weird and concerned you know? And I'm like, oh my God dude, like I felt horrible and and then they are like all right, we gotta go now and then you know, drove down the mountain as fast as I could. But yeah, so it's a hell of a trip though. I mean it can really, it's a hard trip on your body, you
know,
go there. Yeah. Because of the altitude change so fast, you know, especially when you're in a vehicle now. How long does it take to drive to the top of pikes Peak? From Colorado Springs? There's light traffic from Colorado Springs to pikes Peak Summit House. So it'll take about one hour and 10 minutes, one hour and 10 minutes.
There's so many other places too. You know, like you've got, you've got trying mountain state park, you've got uh, Nora's right over here, you know? But
you can't
like,
you can't see NORAD or anything, but you can look at the mountain. Yeah, But then we by seven polls. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Helen. Not for seven falls at seven falls I think.
Hang on, let me see. What are the mountains in Colorado Mountains frequently mentioned on the web include pikes Peak, Mount Albert, Lungs Peak and others and others. Hang on actually I have a better idea. I'm just gonna look at my maps and it will tell me I think it's seven polls because isn't Helen that falls the ones that's in Canada or something. I think Helen Hunt Falls in Canada. We have seven falls. Let's see when we go up here over to Fort Carson there shining mountain State Park and we've got no it's over by the zoo which Arzu just got named like the number four best in the nation.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's beautiful. It really is. Yeah, it's called seven foals
all and there's seven waterfalls you know and you can you get to hike up to them you know and then walk them.
Yeah, that's right in the broad more and then you and then there's always the garden of Gods. Yeah,
that's a famous one. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a beautiful place to live you know? I'm a little bit irritated with the growth rate and with the bad driving you know because you got all these people moving to hear from all these different states in their own ways that they drive in their own states and so everybody is like doesn't know what they're doing anymore, you know? And us and the people who are from colorado were just like super disgusted and especially parking man, like what is it with people in parking? They
just will park
anywhere and they don't
care how they park.
Yeah. Yeah. And it trips me out too, it bothers me because like I remember when Powers boulevard was the end of the city, you know, when you're heading east powered boulevard was you're done. You know, there's nothing else left. And
then
now
you hit Powers boulevard and you can go for miles, you know, until until you're not in colorado springs
anymore, it's
more and ups more, you know, all the weapons black forest now, you know, and then they
built
up monuments
and uh,
you
have to have a car in the city basically. Now, you know, it's gotten so big, not just in terms of the amount of people, but in terms of the size around us, you know, this is the square footage, you know, so we spread out like if we wanted to we could go and touch Denver and then go touch pueblo. You know, if we if we could get the illegal, you know stuff and you know, I'm sure that they just be like, we're just gonna keep growing, we're just going to overtake all you guys, you know, we'll just border you because what it feels like though, you know, I
mean,
I
can
keep building more and more of north. Yeah.
there's there's bits and pieces of land, you know, especially between Monument and Denver, but there's the construction on the interstate though, but on the other side there's a little bit of open land, you know, And then, and then when you get further east, you have these little towns and stuff like that, you know, in the farming and stuff like that. But but yeah, there was there slowly making it all go away pretty soon. I'm not
going
to
yeah, there won't be any land left, at least in the foothills and the planes, you know, because it's, I mean, it's so hard to build up in the actual mountains, you know, it's a real pain in the ass, you know? Yeah, trying to build up there because the inclines and the angles and then just three you got to cut down a bunch of trees,
you
know? So yeah, so yeah, it's easier to build and just take over whatever land is available here, you know, and fails and they do,
you
know, I know that's what I wanted to stop like let's just stop. Yeah.
same to you,