I'm tired. Yeah. Thanks, everything. What is this? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, come on. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. First you can do for you. Mhm Yeah, Yeah, you can. Mhm Yeah, like the phone. Mhm Yeah. Hey there,
Hey, I apologize, I've got my air conditioner running in the background, so if that's making too much noise to hear, let me know, I'll turn it down.
Great, Great.
Hi, my name is Ryan Mhm
Jennifer, nice to meet you, are you in the midwest? I've done a couple of these before and they seem to paris by region. I'm just wondering if you're
wow, I'll take your weather today, whatever it is.
or even some
kind of southwest or
I grew up in Arizona and I've actually got a lot of friends in Colorado Springs and up in your boulders. Well, my niece is up there too and they said the same thing, they went there right after college and so it's just, they can't believe how much hotter it's gotten there since they first went. So I feel
for you, feel for
it,
I
can't,
I can't be a humidity. I had to go there. I think one of my best friends again from Arizona moved down to Florida when he was just late 20s got married and I went down for the wedding and I went for his bachelor party I think in january and we walked out of the apartment to go play golf and I could not believe the heat and humidity was absolutely unbelievable. I swore I would never go back.
Yeah, I know, you know, I never got used to Arizona, I never liked it even as a kid, I couldn't stand those summers and swore I'd get away as soon as I could, I'll never go back there again. That's just too too hot. Too hot. Are you actually from? Uh
you're from them?
stood.
Done.
Back
off.
What?
That's cool.
You know
I had a grandmother who was from, I don't know if she was born in Mississippi, but like she was essentially from Mississippi, even if she wasn't born there and then she lived a few years decade, maybe out in Colorado Springs and then she got older, which really surprised me. She went back to Mississippi and I don't understand, I can't believe she's a 90 year old woman and she went back to that humidity from Colorado Springs, I about fell over but it takes all kinds of uh
Ready
little bit
that I do hear a little bit, but unless you dimension that I probably wouldn't have noticed, I'm surprised other people do I pay attention, that kind of thing, It's kind of a, I don't know, I get a kick out of knowing where people are from and that kind of thing, that's interesting
to have you and all that time, Have you ever thought about leaving there and going anywhere else or do you like that,
Well,
look,
Maybe,
Mhm. That's
incredible,
that's uh you know, it's funny when this whole covid thing first started, I live right on the lakeshore, I look out over the lake in Chicago and where there's a highway that runs right along there and I can hit it with a stone from my apartment. And the first night when they called the curfew, I don't remember what it was here 10 o'clock or
something like that.
And look out the window and they're literally a major highway. There was not a single card in Chicago Illinois on the highway and I've never seen anything like that in my whole life. It was really eerie. You know, nine million people around here and not one person on the highway. It was it was
bizarre.
Are
they? How is it?
Wasn't
there? They see I don't really know much about, you know like the culture of colorado springs, Are they pretty independent people? Are they paying attention to this at all or is it?
I
didn't
see.
Yeah I saw the one the other day about the old woman or something that somebody should ask somebody to put on a mask and I was afraid I'd seen that. But
You know
what? Okay.
Like
you.
differently.
I
like that
you need to
cooperate with you.
we had
just
like more.
The sad part is I was all it does is upset people and kind of prove their point, right? So there are better ways to go about it. I agree. You know, I get, I get I can understand even being that mad. We've obviously we've had a lot of those rides here. We have another one just last night. They shot somebody on the south side and every time they shoot somebody, the police shoot somebody, they have another riot. And so we gotta close downtown tonight at like 8:00 or something like that. Everybody has to be out. And it just I think part of it is is those people you know they said that there are instigators that are coming from other places and they're going to all these cities and they're just starting it just for the hell of it, you know, they're just starting these riots and start, you know pollutants.
I I understand getting angry like the last minute you know if somebody gets shot and you have the riot and I get it's crazy but I get where it comes from but to shut down a freeway for no reason. Out of the middle of nowhere you're not making
I don't think you're making any point.
Yeah. But you can't let it go. You know? That's the hard part
is it just kind
of feeds
on itself?
Nothing.
There's gotta.
Harris,
The last,
Three.
It's, you know, I think it's, I don't know, there's no good solution, right? But the best solution sometimes is not to cause more violence and wait it out. We all pay a price for it. But you know, I don't know. Like said
it's better just not that violent solution.
Well, so
are you, are you guys kind of isolated where you are? Are you right in town?
Did you have any restrictions right now because of Covid in Colorado Springs? Oh, really?
Still, wow,
What?
All
I think
you
gotta do what you gotta do. They did the same thing here with the parks. They had the whole, make sure there's a 14 mile park here in Chicago that runs all along the lake shore and they had a closed for months. And when they finally did open it up, it's like you said, where's everybody going to go? They went right to the park and you know, you got people out there playing soccer games and volleyball games and everything else. You guys, you got to stop that kind of stuff, you know? Yeah.
was gathering.
That's great.
How's
it? Um
that's funny. I thought about
that.
Waiting
to do Tyler while you're
doing it. That's funny.
What
is it, is it affecting the economy pretty big there too
Because
So
there really
not
for
them
back.
Wait, how much is the population grown since you were a kid? Yeah.
Like a walk with me?
crap. I
mean there is no other major city in El paso County, is there just Colorado Springs? So
Home
Cap, I would swear to you when I was a kid. I swear Colorado Springs did not have,
I don't think they had 100,000 people when I was a kid,
they count them? Do they count the military people?
that's
I would assume so. Whoever they, maybe they have some kind of formula for whatever the
averages or so. I don't know. I don't know.
because that's got to be, I would assume that's got to be tens of thousands of people between.
wow.
How far, you know, never, I've only been through Colorado Springs like two or three times and I never I don't think I've ever stopped there. How long has it if you wanted to go hiking up and you know, literally up in the rockies, how long does it take me to get up there? Thank you.
That's it. So you're like right on the edge of
so it's just like boulder or something like that. It's just right there
you
get there quicker again get to Denver. Right. Yeah.
catcher
Thank
you.
All
back
Still though. I mean that's that's cool to have something like that in your backyard though, you know?
We'll
try
it.
I've not heard of that. Yeah.
that's a great place to live. I love that whole area. My niece grew up in Arizona too. She said she'll never leave
seven falls.
I wanted to look it up, I'm not really that before.
they're right about now.
Seven fold.
we
thought,
well
I grew up in actually not in phoenix, been in Tempe uh where issue is an issue was kind of small and Tempe was kind of small as a kid and it was a nice little, I thought I didn't like the summers, it was a nice little hometown to grow up in. And the same thing happened as everybody from back east wanted to get away from the snow and they started moving to Arizona and We went from like, I don't know what it was like maybe 50,000 people. And now it's like over 200,000 and it just I went back a couple years ago to see if I can spend some time with family and I just couldn't stand it. I couldn't stand having you go from 50,000 people to 200,000 and it's a landlocked city so that you know the driving and all the students and everything was making me crazy so I wouldn't do that again. Yeah.
from
your
island.
I
lived right on the edge of our town.
I
worked
on
I lived on the edge of our town and we could walk out, we could walk a couple blocks and we were out into the desert and then you can just keep on walking all the way to Tucson and now it's just city, city, city, city and all freeway. Pretty much all the way there. It's nuts. Like
just.
Who
knows? People
keep
moving in there.
Is there any land left between those places to to acquire or will they start an accident or?
they
won't
be happy until all the land of gun.
You
can build
Yeah. We I apologize. We've hit our time and I have to be somewhere else at 3:30, which is just hit. But let's talk to you. I hope things work out. I hope it doesn't grow too much
for you that.
Let's stay safe out there for goodness sakes. I hope things get back to normal for you guys pretty soon.
All right. Thanks. Take care.