Thanks. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Car. Oh God. Oh, but yeah, my nipples are getting hard, getting close to give. I Oh god, I love it. The newest member, it's never too early to start branding covers my book. So that's yeah, he's gonna be a good little door knocker, I can tell you. You know, I don't know we're speaking of actually, so I have a little surprise for you to twins. No, I wish actually, no, you know, I kind of do not if they're like you. So I actually got a cake for all of you guys and it's going to be a six center of gender sex. I don't get it. How does it gonna say it's going to be pink or blue? Oh, blue, Yes, come on. Hope for everything is good and healthy. I'm looking forward to meet him. I'm happy. I'm very, very excited. I'm really actually so unfortunate day and never touch you either. What's going on? But not much just excited for Maya and her, you know, we'll see how that works out. Uh So, you know, some of the girls were saying they felt like kind of a little bit of tension in the office between us. I don't know, do you feel like they're essential? I'm not gonna lie. Yes, I do feel like there's a little tension. Yeah. Um My assumption is that you just don't like me. I don't know, that's not true. I mean, I don't know you, so how could I just not like you? But I feel like the same time of what? S he makes me a little like assistant, just trust you because when you first joined us and married him in the office and she had the whole, you know that dinner with remain where they talked about their future and stuff, she's crying, you know, you were so um thanks to her. I think that was really sweet then you kind of question the relationship and I were talking, I felt like you were them, you know, hey, that's where everything is coming from because I think that's so weird that you say that we were having a conversation of private conversation that was asking me questions and then you turned it around to marry and made it sound like I was talking bad about her and just now you said that I was and I wasn't, I was asking questions in a private situation because I didn't know. So I was thinking it was a cool, a lot to like asking private, but I also feel like the way you asked was not necessarily control. It was kind of like you had an opinion about I think you were saying she should get it for you. I think everybody should. I don't know that. And you don't know me either. So it's kind of like, you know, lost in translation maybe. I don't know. But it seemed like it wasn't a neutral opinion. It seemed like it was an opinion, right? I don't like to face people and I'm not saying you are two faced, but it's going that direction. And I was like, wow, you were super nice to her. But then you didn't actually tell like you were very supportive here. So I was like, wow. Like at least I'm like direct, you know, like, wow, that was a lot. Okay. Yeah. At least I'm honest. You know, I'd rather that than have to guess like where you step. Okay. So you think then on toothpaste, I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I said, I'm not saying you are, but it's going that direction. Okay, Well I will leave it at that. I don't feel like anything. I have to say past this point. You're going to change your opinion. It's clear that this is going the wrong way. All right. Well, I'm sorry, dad. Go that way. And what can we do? You know, what can we do? Okay. It's almost impossible to be friends with Davina at this point. My hands are I just give up and I see who she is and I'm just gonna do what I can to work with her in a cordial way. But I now know that there's no mistake and we're not what's going on? I always had a little conversation about the vibe in a weird vibe between, you know, a little bit person is my first by you heather. Yes, Yes. Are you leaving? Yeah, you are unnecessarily tonight. Well, I'm not going to go outside for one second. Okay. I know, so dramatic. I just feel like you know, so we're back in the office shall stay. I mean kind of you know. Yeah. I told you I basically said she's going down the path of the two face. Yeah. And it makes my trust her. It's like you say things and then you don't know it up to them. Like the dinner that we had when I asked myself what she said, she wouldn't own up to it and I'm like really? You were that locked out? You don't so I'm not the only person, you know. Come on. What happened? Three? Mhm.
Hi. Hi there.
good. How are you? How's it going?
Oh really? Oh wow, that's nice. Let's get to here. So it sounds like you had a busy day.
yeah. I totally get it.
Just getting things done before the weekend.
At least
you're set
down right now,
it was actually um not bad. But I also feel like super tired because I also got a lot of things done and like in terms of like uh like working and I also like going to school right now so like taking
classes, it was it was a lot, but I'm glad got like majority of my list checked off so ready to head to the weekend.
I'm sitting marketing. International marketing. Yeah.
Inter international.
International.
Uh No not as much as um what other people thinking, it's like such a bummer industry right now. Yeah.
totally.
tell me about it.
Wait
so you said your cousin is so much younger than you and he just graduated. Wait, how old are your? You
look so young.
you look like you're just like fresh off the high school or something.
You look so young.
Are you having you like young face? Like that's a good thing. I wish I could have that faces.
Okay. No, I am
28. Yeah, I'm 28.
No,
I, I'm finishing my Bachelor. Um yeah, finally because I took a couple a couple years off like between the semesters and um, yeah, family drama and I also don't feel like the piece of paper is going to do anything about my rest of my life. And yeah,
and like just finally decided just when I get through this before that I turned dirties, you know,
like yeah. Yeah,
that's hard.
that's
amazing.
I'm
you. Don't worry.
I don't like, Okay, so here's what I read the other day. So like the current 20, it's not really counting us 30 because our age is not as the same as used to be like you have to. So uh like the new calculation is that um from your age that you mook divided by a, I forgot. I'm sorry. Like there's like
the whole calculation point, but like basically we, if you're 30 means that you're still like 24 or something like yeah, so
here you go.
I
totally
When I was like in high school, like uh like even like when I was 21 I would have thought that by 20 like latest 28 I would like get married have kids like cars and houses and everything, like none of it right now like, But I feel great you know Like I don't feel like um I'm under pressure although my my my mom's like what are you doing stuff like that like I don't really give a shit you know? Uh huh.
It's just we're living in totally different work right now.
I agree.
No.
I'm
No. Yeah. I am also like my last semester right now and it's like definitely the pressure like after you got up that like the school life and then also the pressure of like oh I have to get this done like things done like squeezing you like in the middle. So it's like um Yeah it's a little much. What do you do? I'm sorry. I didn't ask you,
Group. Yeah.
my
That's another surprise right after you real, your age like 30. And then I'm like looking at like 20 something like face. And like
I
I would think,
it's so
much
more.
how old is he again?
my
God, those cheeks,
his arms are so adorable. It's like,
Oh, that's so adorable.
Stop!
That's so
amazing.
my God.
God.
That's so amazing. What's his name?
Pretty. So cute. So cute. So I used to work at pediatric office like uh two years ago. I miss her. I miss so much. Like I like, the only thing is I'm missing is like those kids. Oh my God. Oh my God, he's gorgeous. I
my God. So to he
must get all the tensions that wherever you go.
That's the
thing.
That's
so sad.
And
Oh, that's like a full time job.
The covid thing is totally like get into our lives. Like, especially like, like for you, like you're taking care of your child. Like you want to get outside sometimes, but like there's no way, you know, like thank you said there's no access to the health. Like the care and you don't live nearby with your families. Yeah. I um like I totally get it because like I said, I used to work at a pediatric office and I see those moms with like, like they're all over the place and I'm like, oh, I would tell them like because I love kids. My germ is like, um at least have three kids and I tell them and they're like, you don't want to have three kids like
huh.
it's just
wow, that's so cool. You get to hang out with that little handsome guy all the
time like
you
thank
you.
why not?
You
need to have your own time, you know? That's
funny.
That's funny. Oh yeah,
no, that's the thing. Um I am the only child and I
for many reasons um so like my family came from china so it was their policy back then and then um
when we moved to here, I like all of my friends, they had to have like uh like brothers and sisters and like I was super jealous about it because like someone's like backing you up right like and also like it looks so good whenever I go to their house having dinners with them like there was like a full table like I always I guess that's why that's where like my like ideal family which is like
three kids coming
So Okay.
That's crazy.
But
yours
up
it.
So any plans for a second? No,
just
yeah, because we're in like 67 months in right now. Oh my
God, I was
so like I'm so glad that you got everything over like before like pandemic. Like quarantine.
was a scary
time. Like people
start wearing masks.
when you when you got in and you came out as a different world? Oh
like they were in the island or something. Yeah. Yeah, I heard about that too.
That was crazy. Like they were traveling and they didn't know what was going on in the world. And it's just like,
that
was funny.
For like the covid the virus?
leg
like right before the pandemic started. Um I watched the show on an Affleck's called A Lost in Space. And
like have you seen that?
So in the beginning of the show like that kind of shows us like why they're going to the space and um like in the show like the world has like coming like almost to the end. And there was like the virus going on like the pollutions and errors. Like it's almost like you can't, the condition was like, no, you can't make actual living in the earth, right? So that got into my head and then the quarantine started and like people wearing masks like um there's no oxygen blah blah blah. So I was like really in the mood of like oh my god maybe this is it, you know? Yeah.
It
was
so crazy.
my
Wait
it's
it's
crazy like all those shows and movies like those um like the legend, what is that like the Legend with the will smith? It's not like I am legend. Yeah
and
like
those things like and then the bird and all the stuff like you know like they're trying to like running survive right? I kind of like start understanding like white or acting in a certain way because of the primary like this is this is like, I don't know, maybe eventually we're like someday the human being is going to get there. But like I feel like this this thing came too early
hopefully. Um it'll get better vaccine coming out soon. I hope what they're saying, it's going to be another second quarantine happening on november, which is like next
month.
There's
no, so I am living in New york city. Um Yeah, so there's a lot of people on the street like I feel like people just date, they are giving a shit. But I feel like In general like people are just so tired of the idea like you have to stay home, you can come on stuff like that and restaurants are reopening slowly. Um we're doing like 25% of the indoor dining And yesterday I was really got scared because I was going to visit my friend and the subway. It was so packed. Like there wasn't even a space you can stepped in so I had to like wait for the 2nd 1 to to get on. But oh my God, like I don't know what those people thinking, they're just like squeezing it all together, Although like majority of people had a mask, there's like
one or two idiots, they don't have a mask. Um but yeah, I can tell
something's gonna happen. Yeah.
Mhm,
exhausted.
I like your tattoo by the way.
I
like, I like the little J I think. Yeah, That's
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, that's such a great idea. So both of you and your husband has the initial here. That's amazing.
You
our uh huh.
Oh, that's cute.
No, not at all.
I've
in Chicago, like I've always wanted to go to channel, but like hopefully
hopefully next year after like get things get slow down.
No.
we're
close, we're closed.
That's
can describe to me.
I think something's
wrong.
I do not. But I really admire people have like with the tattoos, like this
is so
Like
I, okay. So I'm really like um scared of things like needles and stuff like that little phobia. But um, I was so close almost too good. Has had to like here and then I freaked out as soon as I see the needles, you know, like, no, I can.
that's another like the part that I want to get, because I saw one day I was walking on the shape. This girl has like uh, a little hanger on
like that.
Yeah, That's so cute. And I was like, that's a good idea. Yeah.
More
do you think it's because they're so like more like um fats and you feel the vibrations more or like
there's more nerves?
That makes
sense.
same.
that's why I freaked out. Like I saw the needle was like, you know, it's so scary. Like every year I go to the hospital
to get a flu shot. It's like, it's really hard for me. I have to like prepare for a couple of days. It's, it's really hard. I don't know why.
I haven't, I haven't gotten mine for this year too. I might do that. I don't know. Next month. Uh Oh,
I read the one.
Yeah. Let's do it. Okay. I'll do it with you like next next next week or next week. Yeah,
let's
do it.
I
said okay. Perfect, awesome. It was really good to talk to.
I'm
glad
it's just dropped out. Okay. All right. I hope that you will have rest of the night as peaceful as you can.
Yeah, finger cross.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
That's very sweet. All right,
you two main.