Hi
what's up?
I'm good, it's good. Um I was like I feel like this is like the first time I've sat down today.
Yeah and it's also like I don't know what I did all day too, it's like one of those right? Um
But um it's also friday so I feel it's just like
yeah but uh but yeah who like
just
like
that regard um how how was your day?
I was
relax. Yeah. Um What are you what are you studying?
What is it interaction
interaction
international, That's cool. Um
Arms well everything about this year is really messed up right? So
um yeah I I my cousin, my cousin there's so much younger than me so sometimes I forget if they're like my nieces and they're but they're my cousins. Yeah.
Um He graduated high school and then like started college like in this year right? So it's like I just feel for them so much because it's like for that class, right?
Because it's like
I'm
I'm 30 I guess. It's not that much younger than me, 18. But in my mind he's a lot younger than he is, I guess. Well, it's not
People
always say that and I don't understand why like
Well, I'm trying I'm like, you're like 24
stream.
young folks here. So, are you are you in graduate school? Are you in
an underground?
The
for
Yeah.
Yeah. I felt like turning I just turned 30 this year's. I mean, obviously, I guess well, that
now
that I see that happened, of course, of
course, I think Like, how
long 30? I'm just so tired. Um But what am I trying to say is that I relate to this idea of like Turning 30 is this big thing, right? Because I always thought that and then I turned 30 this year. What I mean? And then it was like it wasn't a big deal. So it's I don't know. But I also like I guess I I just don't feel like I'm that old. I don't know.
That's
Good.
I wonder if it's like, well I think about, I don't know, like previous generations and like how like all the stuff that they had done by this time too, it's probably a standard of the american dream or whatever. It's like you can finish school, we'll get married and like
to have kids and
all this stuff right? Like. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like
well and like even outside of before the pandemic and everything, it was like all of that stuff too was just like those kinds of aspirations were just so unrealistic and I totally relate to the like struggling with the like oh I'm gonna like what is this piece of paper really gonna do for me? Right? Because it's like so I feel like so many people they're like forced to or like pressure to go you know to college and then spend a bunch of money on it. And then it's just like
we're like return on. That is not what I don't know like was promised or it's just like there's so much that
you can do and you don't need all that for. But it's at the same time too. It's like it's also good like my my friend stopped with like one semester to go and he's like in a field that like you really need to finish like to be able to work. And it was just like dude what are you doing? He said no but I can get work. I already have gotten work and I'm like okay well it's not gonna work up so it's like hard, right? It's like it's applicable in some situations and then
it's just like there's no like uniform think that's gonna work for everybody I guess. But.
Okay you're right in right. What do I do?
well I do have a kid. I have a seven month old baby.
Who just what I'm like
where's
my baby
here? I'm gonna try to because
I
just
put her to sleep. But wait where is today? And where is my here? Let's get a good
seven months. Hold on. Are
you ready for this cuteness? Can you see? Yeah.
So like that's what I do out there
dude. Super chubs. Uh
Wait
six. So we just like, we just like all day just hang out. Um Hold on
There's
gotta be another good one. Yeah
we'll go to the park, we go to the coffee shop. Um
Okay hold on.
Rudy.
It's like super blondie.
We're sick.
Oh yeah. And like it's so it's so interesting because because we don't see people anymore like we don't we don't
go
out,
we
don't go out a lot. But we were in the last couple of months we started to go out a little more and we will like go to the coffee shop and like because we're not really around other people when there are other people just just like like taking it off and it's like but it's like so mellow and
like I don't know I guess well behaved was like, I also feel weird about being like, oh yeah, my seven month old baby is like choosing to behave in a specific way, right? Like they're just like tiny little humans that are just like learning right? So but um yeah, but so I'm primarily doing that which I'm like super uh
it totally is especially because like we don't like have access to like child care right now and like we don't live near any family. And so it's like pretty much just me doing like I love it, it's so great. But I'm just like, I don't know, it's like really like I'm exhaust.
That's fucking, it's like, I don't know, I feel that way too. I also was like, I wanted to have a lot of kids and now I'm just like, oh my god. But I also, like my, both my parents come from families that have a lot of kids and then like, I have a lot of friends who are, I mean like I have two siblings and I have a lot
of friends who is definitely like, I totally get it and I think it's doable, you just have to, like, if that's what you want then just do it. Like I don't care, like I don't
like don't care about what other people say, right? Um
I
know,
I'm lucky honestly. And
also
it's like, I feel like I peeked in kindergarten and I mean, I feel like that was my best year of my life, so they were just like sitting around watching the other night, I was like watching PBS kids, but after my kid had already gone to bed and I was just sitting there like watching it myself and my husband came downstairs and he was like, are you just sitting here watching Arthur? I'm like, yep.
that's what I'm doing.
He's like, okay.
It's
like this, this is what I choose.
Do siblings or like you have a big family?
So how? Mhm.
Mhm.
prepare
for right,
That makes sense. I think it's like when my whole family gets together for like a holiday, it's like 50 people. So
it's like, so like I was saying like, are they my cousins, are they my nephews? Like, I don't know. So it's like, I think that maybe it's like the opposite of you where it's like, I feel like I'm good with just like
my
one
and like we're just like our little pob,
my kid is like my best friend right now. It's like, okay, we need snacks. We did crafts. Like, well, I mostly do the crafts and just like, bangs on the table or whatever, but we'll get there, we'll get there. Yeah,
I
don't know. I mean like, probably not anytime soon. Just because like, everything going on right? Like I had a baby and then it was like the next week, everything shut down. So it was like, right?
It was like right in the middle of March, right?
It was,
yeah. It was like it was still it was so weird though, because it was like, right in the week where like all the little stuff started happening, like people putting up the plexi glass and the stores and stuff like that where
we're in
try
and now it's all just like, well, I mean like, some people are still, you know, it's all like whatever now, but like Yeah, like we're in the beginning when everyone was like, just didn't understand what was going on. Not that we do now, but so yeah, it was like I went into the hospital and we were in there for a long time. We were in the hospital for like five days and then we didn't leave at all. We were just there for the whole time and then we came out and it was like we had been on the moon or something and came back or we heard okay.
That's how I felt. I mean we knew what was going on and stuff, but it's like I don't know you hear you hear about stuff on the news where it's like someone has been, What's that show? It's like I'm trying to remember what that's like Big Brother. It's like they were I don't know I read something where it's like oh yeah the contestants on this like reality T. V. Show are cut off from the world so they don't know that the pandemic is happening or something. I don't know that.
Is that funny?
I know. They're like going
to find
out. The other thing I saw was like I can't remember it was like when some space thing was happening like they were sending someone to the space station or something but they I was like watching it and like everyone had been like triple tested for Covid and like like we're all in like these crazy suits and stuff because they didn't want to send it to the space station.
Yeah so I think it was fine but I just remember watching that and I was like oh my God, like are we going to send this space?
What are they gonna do?
Earlier
I know about it. I I don't think I've watched any of it.
Yeah.
That
like
It was one I remember I read some headline that was like that like some guy with Covid like went crazy and he was like, he like ran naked through the street and like fit someone and I was like, is this the start of the zombie apocalypse? You know? Because like zombies? Another thing
I'm not afraid of, like, I'm so afraid of them. And when I read that headline, I don't know, it was I think it was in India, I can't remember what the circumstances were. There was something else wrong with him. It wasn't Covid, but it was it was like at the beginning when they were like someone was Covid like went rabbit. It's one I'm like, this is it, this is it. We have to get in the bunker, like, you know what I mean?
Like I can't zombies creeped me out.
I can't
do it.
Like
it's like
there
Yeah. I don't know. It's like
I got
it. I know. It's like now well, and I mean it's like flu season is going to happen and it's just like everyone, everyone is so exhausted, but it's just like so it's so bad and it's like there's no other, there's no other solution, like, I don't
know.
sharing.
This is
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
yeah, Yeah, that's the word. But it's just exhausting and it's but it's just like you have to just stay, just keep going. But
oh, I have so many. I have
like,
that's our that's our last initial,
we have that instead of um instead of wedding rings.
and then I'm going to do
the other ring finger with an R.
my little blue.
But yeah, I have so many tabs, but actually it was like the last big trip that I went on before everything was I went to Toronto to, this is so silly, but like I like found this tattoo artist on instagram that I really liked and I was like following him and stuff and then I was like why don't I just go get a tattoo, Like it's not that hard to go to Toronto, right? And like
I went and I did this big trip and Toronto is like super dope. Um It's like, it reminds me a lot of Chicago. I don't know if you've ever been to Chicago, but
like
it's great.
and it's like really not. I feel like the plane ride from New york city would not be that far because
they're like right next to each
other,
like across the lake or lake. Erie. Anyway, so I like I went to Toronto and got a tattoo from this here. It's where is it? Oh wait, I can't get out of my
arm anyway. But
yeah, it's like cursive and like he did like all this stuff freehand, so he does like really amazing typography. And then then when you get a tattoo, they like it, they like do the rubbing on your skin. So they're like fought with lines and stuff and I think he did that and and then after he was done, he's like, all right, I'm just gonna like do some little extra touches here, which like for a second I was like, oh,
and I was like,
I was like freaked out a little bit because I'm like, yo that whatever you do is like, you can't take it back, you know what I mean? And but then it was like beautiful, it was like, and honestly, do you have tattoos or?
I have
like, they're
everywhere.
I have one here and it's um it's it was the first one that I got, and um I wouldn't recommend one on your neck being the first one that you get, especially behind your ear because it's like really, really loud and like the vibration against your skin, if it's like, it's kind of freaky and like, you can feel the vibration of the needle in your jaw. So I would, you could do like, if you did the back of your neck, like the nape of your neck, that's a good start with. Um Or
I was
funny
yeah, back in the neck is a good spot. Fingers don't really hurt that much either, um ones on your hands. And then of course, you have a tattoo on your hand, right? Um than um anywhere that has a lot of like fatty tissue, like thighs are like your stomach or that kind of stuff. It's actually going to hurt kind of
more than it's like, if it's kind of just like impossible, it's like, I don't know what it is, but
maybe
or it's like, I don't know if it's like, if if it's something that's like leaner or like with more muscle that it's like, you can take it more or something. But then
like
the then then then like, they're really like, right by your your jaw and your neck and stuff was hard and then I also have like chest pieces and right over my heart. I was like, I can't breathe. So right. It's really not that bad. I actually I don't like needles except I don't I don't like getting shots. Yeah, it's so every time I get a shot and I'm like freaked out, the technician, people are like, I don't have to get blood taken or something. They're always
like, they're always like, what? You are covered in tattoos. Why are you afraid of this needle? Like different that's like surface. You're like jamming and needle into my body.
No.
No, I'm there with you. Yeah, I keep I need to get mine before the end of the month and I keep putting it off because I don't want it. Good.
Let's
do it. Let's make a pact. Let's do it.
Yeah. Next week. Let's do it.
We're gonna
do it next week. Perfect. I think we um we're good. I think we are good. I would do a time where we're at 27
minutes.
Yeah. Yeah, it was fun. It was a good like I said, I don't talk to adults, it's
just like like
that roulette, Right?
So see
yeah, I hope that things stay safe for you in new york
city
and stay healthy and don't worry too much about school.
All
Cool. How we might.