Hello.
Good how are you?
indiana. How about you?
Mm. Uh The what's it called? The what part of michigan I guess?
okay. Yeah I'm in the middle of middle of nowhere indiana. Southern indiana pretty close to Kentucky actually. Mhm.
Uh It's kind of cold. It's ah this area um kind of fluctuates a lot. It's last year around this time had already been snowing for a while but this year it's um not too long ago we were getting weather in like the 70s and 80s but today it's pretty chilly.
Um We
have gardening to do still but uh it's uh it's not the best gardening weather still still still trying to get some stuff done outside before before spring but very very quickly uh approaching uh Snow. Hopefully I hope it snows. Mhm.
I originally born in north Carolina but I've lived in new york for a while. Um And so I got a lot of snow. It was great and then I moved to florida and for um how long did you live in florida For like 10 years? I didn't get any snow and I missed it a lot,
so I'm living up here for a few years now and I really I really like the snow.
correct. I well for you said a couple of years like about how old were you, like you remember
it well?
Yeah. How was that?
Also have you uh lived other places as well when you just keep moving back
and
so you do you just prefer it and judge everywhere else you've been so far?
Mhm. Well whereabouts in California?
Yeah okay so definitely definitely different from michigan?
um I don't know if it's getting like it's getting, it's getting bad again, it's getting worse, but I mean it's getting worse pretty much everywhere else. I don't know if it's getting worse than other places though, but so uh it's still it's still pretty bad. Um I think a
lot of people aren't taking it seriously. Uh huh.
I feel the same way. Ah I'm immunocompromised because I have Crohn's disease and I take medication that also
uh nukes my immune system. So I'm also pretty much uh to the best of my ability, avoiding people as much as possible. Which means I pretty much not going out unless I absolutely have to,
but when I do go out um like sometimes I'll try and I'll try and
like just pick up some food from like a restaurant, just walk in the door and get the food and leave. But You know, I walked into our local barbecue place and I saw like the staff weren't wearing masks or distancing at all. None of the, I think two of the people in there I saw were wearing masks, so like maybe like 15% of the people in there I saw were wearing masks or and no one was doing any sort of distancing um so that actually may be quite worried. Um But
yeah, and um we just ah um got a new house and so we of course we're going to lose and uh at one point I had to go in and again, a lot of people in there weren't taking it seriously. Um but the words was this one, this one person they walked um within like next to me, like almost touching my shoulder without a mask on coughing all over the place. And yeah, and it was just, I couldn't I couldn't believe it, I I was I was going to lose my mind.
Yeah,
um people just don't take it seriously,
like we're doing a lot of um curbside pickup, like ordering it online and then you go to the like uh we do a lot of walmart and they just load it into the back of your car from the parking lot, we do a lot of that pretty much primarily for groceries, so we don't have to, so we don't risk it. But I I remember like when it first started to and um quarantine a lockdown started happening. I think it was Something like five months or something like that where I didn't go to the store at all. Um And then yeah, like five or six months I didn't go to the store at all, and then the first time I go back was when this person started coughing on me. Um Yeah, so it was it was ridiculous
and
I don't know. I asked like I because I got I got upset with them, so I asked them like, where's your mask? And they just ignored me and went about like continued shopping. Uh So I guess they were just not interested in uh the outside world.
I see a lot of people um who don't think it's who don't think it's like deadly. I hate when people say it's just like the flu. Um
Yeah, it's not like it's the flu has like, I don't know there were I think in 2019 because I was looking this up to check recently and into 2019 uh flu season. Um It was like a .0.04% mortality rate for the people who catch it. And so it was it was always something like 20,000 deaths or something like that for um for dozens of millions of people who contracted it. And then for coronavirus, this current covid um in the U. S. Uh it's 2.2.3 mortality rate. So Of like the 13 million people who have caught it so far 250,000 have died. So it's it's obviously not just as bad as a flu. Like this is this is way more fatal than a flu.
I don't understand
it.
Well it's ah people also ignore the fact that like even if you don't die from it, it can it permanently damage is like a lot of people who get it are permanently damaged like their heart and their lungs um have like have like severe long term damage. And so you get people who are people who are advocating like oh just um it's not that bad. Just let it forget about lockdown. Don't bother quarantining. Just let people catch it and it'll be fine. But you know it's like millions of if everybody in America caught it, it's like I don't like seven million people would die and and and like millions and millions and millions more people would have permanent like severe uh a little bit of leg, millions and millions that have we like have permanent and severe uh damage. No it's yeah I don't I don't get it either how people don't take it seriously. But I guess it's just like people um
anti I guess that's kind of the same like anti science people. So I don't know. It's very it's difficult to kind of to explain it when you know if you if you lay out the facts for somebody and they just don't believe like that they don't believe the numbers, then there's not much else you can do aside from like trying to scare them and to scare them into believing.
I mean like even uh even if you don't want to do quarantine and lockdowns, like if you're afraid that doing a lockdown will hurt your local businesses, which it will like that's true. It will will hurt the economy. But there's people who won't even yeah, they won't even wear masks. Like just
like if you look at places like um like Singapore is like many times more densely populated than like new york city, but it has almost no issues because basically literally everybody wears masks so there's just there's just not that many people catching it, but americans for some reason, I just can't just can't wear masks.
No, thankfully not to my knowledge. Um No, I am married but we don't plan on having any Children.
I'm sorry
to hear that.
I could imagine.
six is a lot though.
I couldn't I couldn't imagine having even that big a family.
That um I suppose that close no. Uh in terms of like not having not not uh not extended family but you know, I never really knew any of my grandparents. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. I never I never really knew any of my grandparents and I don't know any of my cousins and
I only
have yeah, I only have um half brother and half sister and I haven't seen either of them in years. So it's basically just been um myself and my mom in terms of like immediate family, like actually blood relatives. So I couldn't imagine having like Children and like so many grandchildren and although.
correct.
All right. That's good.
He said
he'd
I'm sorry go
on.
I would say that it took him up north like to northern michigan or Canada. Okay, that is all.
Uh Kind of the same thing for me really. Um uh when
I moved like I left um my mom and her boyfriend and um a lot of my friends down in florida and where I live now, I don't know anybody. So. Yeah. Yeah. I don't really have we
don't really get any company. Um
I've heard of things like that, especially not especially not really see anybody since obviously the virus, but that hasn't really bothered me too much.
Yeah. I can imagine I couldn't I
uh Never never never in my life could I ever raise multiple Children and if I did raise multiple Children, I would never talk to you. As soon as I hit 18, I'm going to go live by myself for the rest of my life. I don't I don't even talk to anybody ever again. Yeah.
Of course.
Why
not?
Why couldn't you get ah child support
and he couldn't, he couldn't be uh like forced by the judge or anything like that,
guess. I mean and I'm simply can't garnish wages if there's nothing to garnish.
We're having
to
travel, travel for the hearings.
Do you have any like travel for the hearings and although.
I imagine how frustrating that is.
Right. He should have to pay for it, shouldn't he? He's the one trying, he has to prove it. Right.
Oh that's
He should definitely, definitely like the burden of proof is on him. He's the one making the accusation. He should have to prove
it.
That sounds incredibly frustrating to deal with,
but that would have broke his knee caps for that money.
Did he ever get like visitation rights back or? Uh
no. Next.
That's
really unfortunate how that turned out jesus. Yeah.
Yeah I sort of ah sort of agree with the sentiment but um like my dad wasn't around for A lot either and got divorced and I was like
four. Um
I only saw him like a few times up until um this year uh actually um but now he intends on uh moving nearby. Uh
Yeah. Um but he was a whole, it was a whole thing with him and child support also. Ah he didn't actually finish paying it off until the last couple of years, sometime in the last couple of years. Yeah
but uh it was frustrating for everybody involved because um and like this is sort of like a failure with like the system is he was required to pay a certain amount of money and when he couldn't pay it he would get punished for it just by like the court and even though my mom didn't want him to be punished for because that just makes it harder for him to make money to pay the child support. So eventually you know he'd be in jail he likes so he'd lose his job and then he wouldn't be able to pay child support so he'd have to like go back to jail for 60 days. however long you're basically so you can't can't pay the child support. So it was just the whole the whole system, like with your with your story to with like trying to get him to pay the child support is just impossible. And other people who are actually trying to pay it can't can't pay it because of the way it's designed like it's it's a mess, a mess.
ah I think so. 28.
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. So we should be ah ah almost 28 minutes.
All
It's very nice talking to you also.
Thank you. You, too.