Hi, how are you doing?
Not too bad. Where are you from?
Michigan
I'm in the capital, Lansing, mm.
Yeah. How's the weather there?
Yeah, that's how it's been here until we have some 70° days too. What is chilly today so? Yeah.
Yeah.
You like to snow? What?
What?
Yeah. Yeah, I I don't mind it either, I mean I'm used to it you know, I was born and raised here so um I like that you know, I don't like it real hot anyway. I don't like it, you know? I mean I'm sure I've been to florida, I lived there when I was a kid but for a couple of years but I don't know, I like the four seasons, you know?
I
was wild I think. Yeah, I was about 12 and we lived in Clearwater now
it was okay. I mean, you know I liked then I liked it, you know? But um, now that I'm older, I don't know, I always end up back here, you know?
Yeah. Well, yeah, I lived in, when I lived in California to when I was a kid and I moved to texas about seven years ago. Um my some of my family lives there and I lived there for about a year and then I come back. I wanted to be back here, so I'm
back. Michigan's my home, you know? So
yeah, I would say, you know,
Yeah, Garden Grove. It's by Long Beach.
Yeah. I was a kid then too, but we only lived there for about a year I think. All right. We always, I always end up back here, so just it's home, you know? So how is um coronavirus there? Is it getting bad?
More
right. That's how it is here too, you know, and people don't, and then it's, you know, it's getting bad again, so I stay in as much as I can disable, so I can't I don't work anymore, so I stay in as much as I can, you know? And I do everything I'm supposed to because I want to get rid of it. Yeah.
Not.
Now,
no.
We need more.
Right. I hear you, I'm diabetic so, and I have other problems, you know? But yeah, I can't catch that either, you know, because it's um and I know what you mean, I stay away from people in the stores, it's like I'm it's an obstacle course, you know? But I get a lot of food delivery, like grocery store deliveries and stop. So um
I'm afraid to catch it. I really am. I'm just. Yeah,
but.
I mean why did
somebody do that? I don't get that you know.
Yeah They don't care about other people ridiculous. Yeah.
No I'm
It is it is yeah people are they think it's not I was reading something or I seen a headline about some people or even um a nurse was it was a video and some people even don't they don't believe it even when they're dying they don't believe that it's you know I'm thinking what else are you dying from? You know I mean I don't know I
don't
get it.
Yes.
All right. Yeah. I don't know. I know I don't want to catch it and I don't want my family to you know so I do want to go to I mean we have to wear a mask in the store. They won't let us in. So here I don't know how it is there but if we go in any public place we have to have a mask on. But I'm sure there's a lot there's been people that's gotten an arguments over it. There was somebody that got shot because they didn't want to wear a mask here. You know it's ridiculous. Everybody do what they're supposed to so we can get rid of this. You know I don't get it.
19
and it's not that big of a deal. I mean I don't like wearing the mask. Nobody probably likes it but I do it anyway. You know I mean I don't wanna even if I mean I don't have it but nobody you know if I did I don't want to infect somebody with it you know um It's just you know you're you're harming other people you know I don't get it but I don't know. But anyway so do you have kids?
okay my youngest son I He said it he probably he's 29 but I don't think he's going to have any either so some people don't you know want to and that's fine. Bye. I had three. Um my oldest son got murdered 11 years ago
are
still very hard on me. You know
My daughter has four Children And then my youngest son he's 29 he lives with me helps take care of me. So um and my oldest son had two Children so I have six grandchildren and I doubt I'll have anymore. So
yeah and it's enough it's enough. So and Austin my youngest he says he does he'll have Children so there definitely won't be any there
What? Or
no
war.
All right yeah I don't see him a whole lot. You know my daughter she has four I don't know how she does it but me and her kind of uh our relationships rocky you know but long story but anyway I don't see them a lot you know
um my son that got killed his two Children they moved she took him in the mother of them and moved up north so I don't see them a lot one of them just turned 18 So he'll be back down here because this is where he's from eventually he'll be here the other one is 14 so I talked to him on the internet a lot but
I miss them all you know But
I'm
adam, go
on,
go on.
We say up north because from you know, us michiganders down here, you know. Um But yeah, it's just me and my son most of time here I don't have a lot of color. I don't have company because of this virus and. Mhm.
Yeah.
More
What?
Yeah. I'm a loner. I like to be alone a lot. I've always been like that. So I don't associate with a lot of people and I lost, you know through the years, you know the friends I had is when I was in high school and stop, I've talked to him on the internet but I don't really associate with him anymore, you know? So I was a single mother so I was too busy raising my kids, you know, so and I did it. I don't know how I did, but I did now I just want peace and quiet
or
it was it was good and bad. I mean I wouldn't take it, I wouldn't change it for nothing, you know? But
I love them all and I miss my oldest son terribly you know, but it was also very hard on me, you know, I didn't get child support and
so
I I did it myself. So it's a big accomplishment for me, you know,
they wouldn't pay. He just won.
we tried you just wouldn't do it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So he somehow just got out of it And then once they turned 18 he old like $40,000 or something and it just went away. You know, I don't I finally gave while they kept calling me down there for these hearings and finally I said, you know what, I don't have time for this. I really don't I'll just do it myself,
you
know?
What was that?
No it was right here you know um I got tired of I had kids. I got up on time and just walked out. I said you know what I got kids I gotta get from school, I don't have time for this you know? Oh
he would while he would make up things. Um He would say that I was a drug addict and I wasn't I never did drugs or nothing. I never drank, I never did nothing but he would do this you know? But he was an alcoholic you know. Well they didn't know me so when he accused or said I did all this they wanted me to go to a drug assessment thing that costs money and I said you know what if he's gonna pay for it I'll go. But I don't have the money. I'm trying to work.
Well no but they told me I had to pay. I said I'm not doing it. I
I got I told them I said you know what? I know you don't know me and it's not your fault but I'm not a drug addict. And if he wants to prove that I would say that I am then he can pay for it until then I gotta go. I don't have time for this. You know? Yeah.
Why?
That's what I said he was just saying it because and then he comes down there for one. It was a show cause hearing because he wasn't paying child support. No he put in a visitation complaint because I wouldn't let him go because every time that he would he had restricted visitation and he was an alcoholic. But every time he'd come he'd be drunk so I just I wouldn't let him go you know? And so they called me down there and he comes into that hearing drinking smelling like beer. I couldn't believe it. I just looked into how dumb are you you know? So they suspended his visitation so but that in years and years ago but he's he was really something I'll tell you,
I got tired of it. I finally got and they're saying oh calm down, miss Tracy, calm down. I said no I'm telling you right now I'm not doing this again. So don't call me again.
And the problem you'll have to put me in jail because they are not going with him when he's drinking. They're not I have a he goes well they have he has a right to see his kids And I said yeah and I have a right to make sure they're safe and I'm going to, oh I don't care what you do, don't call me anymore. It just, you know, they never made me do it. You know
Wolf
well number and my kids can't stand him to this day. They can't stand him. He treats him like crap and they never see them. They don't ever see them. He he never wants to see him or his grandchildren. So
what?
You know, yep it's sad really. But like my younger son said you can't miss what you didn't have so it doesn't bother him, you know?
No.
Yeah.
that would be good.
mm.
And it is crazy but well I think we're past our time here. Yeah.
I think the water. I clicked in right by solved.
Yeah. Almost new studies available on prolific. Oh yeah, I got another one.
All right. I'm talking to you.
Yeah. Have a good night.