Thank you. It's not starting yet, so. Okay. Mhm. It's Uh huh Uh huh It's Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh It's yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. It's Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Four. Yeah. What's your name?
My name is Elie. Let's meet you.
Have
you done
have you done this before?
I'm um I googled this before because I googled like what is better off labs?
so the first result is better up lab. Uh They do groundbreaking research into flourishing in the workplace. So I think they do something about like um like it's some version of like zoom or something that's supposed to be like psychologically better for the workers. But I don't know like I don't know how that works. This
is any different.
What?
Well
I was in a study like that one
Team work study. But the there was like some chat ai that was actually in there and it was an in person study and so they had like cameras on you to watch your reaction. Uh It took you to figure it out. It was a really weird study.
Thank
you. You would be very realistic.
definitely lazy. Yeah just among us with my cousins and that was really fun. So I don't know if you've ever
but
well yeah you know it's really for me it's like really easy with friends to lie but when it's with my family they just know right away
What?
Oh I asked how is your day going? What have you done? Oh
Yeah. Yeah for sure
when you're productive what do you do? What's your productive thing?
totally.
I just think really realistic ai like drinks all the food drinks? Okay. Yeah.
Uh huh. What have you got there?
If I had to guess I would say like blueberry bananas movie
What?
Uh
Yeah. I sort of my guess is still like they don't actually get anything from it. They just want to have some like research for your like we did a study on 300 people and it showed that were our company. Like I don't know what they can. I still don't know what they can. I
good
water.
And I mean
this is my only my second time doing this. Have you done a bunch? We ever come across like really weird people? Yeah.
What?
Right.
Okay. That happened to me too. I was I just sat there.
What
have you? I don't know. I do a lot of these survey research studies and stuff. Have you ever had collapse? But studies boredom.
Yeah it's like just these really long
boring
tasks to see if you'll finish them or not. Right.
I do I do a lot of in person ones. I even had one where they put electrodes all over my head and more uh they had to watch um Bridget jones's diary with electrodes on my head again.
What they got from that? But.
Well I don't know. I go to University of Maryland and so they're just
like fire you my households loud by the way.
Um I go to University of Maryland and just around campus there are kind of studies like you know sign up for the K. G. Lab and you will make 200 kgs. Those are definitely the ones where they have to be like a political thing. pay like way more money like. Yeah I got my blood drawn the other day $85. Super
easy.
Where do you live?
Who?
Um Well you look like maybe you live in a dorm
but
sorry if I just insulted your house by calling
line.
I have no idea.
Well I do think you live and you sound like you have an american accent so
I don't think you have like a hidden british accent in there. Um But you also seem like maybe a midwesterner. I don't know. Ohio.
Cool. Mhm.
That's true
now.
I don't know. Maryland is a state.
No
no no it's a it's a state in America
between Virginia and pennsylvania.
No we're very chill.
yeah.
Yeah. The Australia of America. Yeah.
Good. All states.
Well you're better off than someone I knew. You know, who was 100% sure that there were 26 states.
No,
no, no, she was my face. Yeah. Right. She just thought there were 26 states. I was like no, where did you get that from? She's like, no, I'm not totally sure. But
Yeah. Yeah. What? I don't think or
I definitely couldn't name all of them. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. We help.
Oh my goodness. I have been baking, I've taken up baking, which is
yeah, I made biscuits this morning, that was really fun activity.
It was really hard, it's a lot harder than other things. Just
like
Oh my mom actually taught me, I'm living with my parents because I'm embarrassed. So um yeah, it's really good. Yeah.
Oh I'm sorry uh is that better?
Okay, sorry about that.
Have you taken any quarantine hobbies? Right,
that's impressive. And I think he's really hard to be
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right,
Oh, for sure. Yeah.
Is there something more, something
that really has gotten me through?
Mhm
Yeah, all that variety?
Well I just watched as a really long tv show is called jane the Virgin, but it was yeah
Yeah, she gets pregnant in the first episode, so
Michael,
mhm Yeah, no, I feel like it was like intention or like tastefully trashy administration.
no
recommended it was it stayed good throughout like the best of the show too, so highly recommended.
Everyone is telling me to watch this. Yeah.
yeah
that sounds good. I sort of thought it would be like a chess uh
that show that sounds boring to me but I
like it.
please
I think yeah,
what
Well
that's good right, that's better than crying from life. Yeah,
for sure, it's like starting Yeah
Oh man, I don't know if I room there, Oh you know honestly I got in a fight with a friend who was just
like finally and so I I cried all over that, I was like oh ok, now
definitely a crier I will cry at like so
actually like this is like all of embarrassing because it's just like there's no good reason to cry at it, but I cried at multiple points during jane The Virgin, like even though it's like essentially a soap opera, I was just like, so I got so into it, I still cried it.
Yeah. Just like, it's so, so cute. It's so, you know, awesome.
only lost like one episode,
This
is
Yeah. What's happening?
I know what,
No, it's like nothing happens in my life now. Like, you know, like I call someone, they're like, what's happened with you? And I'm like nothing.
Is it bad? Has it gotten washed in florida right now?
Mm hmm.
What?
I feel like we have not been hit as bad as other places in terms of like cases like not people have gotten sick, but we're definitely, I think like on the more cautious end of states because our governor was like really um I told everyone to stay home right away and all that, so I think we're like we're pretty shut down and hence we haven't had many features so
but
things, but also it is like, you know, we're still second five. Yeah,
Blue. Yeah. Well we're a little weird because we're blue, but we love Republican governor. Uh
But he's like a really moderate Republican. Um But we have like a blue State legislature, so we're almost totally work.
Yeah, not necessarily surprising I guess.
Yeah. Well, other countries don't seem to have this problem, so it's really frustrating time to be in America.
What?
With everything? Yeah.
What do you mean? Uh like both square of your face and uh
Okay, that makes more sense. Yeah.
Yeah. In case you weren't self conscious, you know? Man?
What? Mhm. Right.
I know. I hate that. I wish there was a way to turn it off. Right.
Good. There isn't zoom but not on not on the better up. Um
I'll meet you. I can't stand this week. Plan boy.
Oh, that's a huge compliment. You also have a nice voice. You know, totally like what
impact.
All right. Well, it looks like we hit our time. So thank you so much for having this conversation.
This is really