um then what's the name?
Hi kelly. Nice to meet you
and
say that. Say that again.
I have, yes, this is not my first rodeo. Okay, so do you want to break the 4th wall? Let's do it. Let's smash it right open. So like what do you think they're possibly doing with these conversations? Like what, what could they possibly get from this?
Yeah. What are the results? Mhm.
Hot,
interesting. I thought it was something more evil. Like they were training a
robot algorithm to take over the world by
listening to our conversations or actually like you're not real, you're a simulation and it's a test for the real people like me. Mm
No way.
that is so exciting, wow. Okay, so there if you are an ai they're doing a phenomenal job of like fooling us.
But
great, thank you. Thank you. I'll take it. Um but how's your lazy? Well, my Sundays lazy, I don't mean to imply that yours is. How's your sunday going?
among us is so fun. It's
actually, it's kind of the game gives me anxiety to play as the impostor because I just feel bad about lying blatantly and killing people. It's
no, yeah, it's it's different playing with people you're close with. But yeah, that game has taken the world by storm. Oh, did
you say something? I
uh it's also yeah, just been a lazy sunday, trying not to fall down the rabbit rabbit hole, but I I did I felt so deep down into the randomness things. Um But yeah, it's been nice. I think in my head I always want to be productive and like doing something like I gotta, I don't know, but sometimes it's just good and better to just take it easy and relax.
I need to do that more
okay, when I'm productive, I feel like I'm doing something or contributing, but like cleaning or organizing things or creating something. Yeah, I feel bad or guilty when I'm just consuming, consuming,
well I'm r o say that, Say that again, sorry.
Yes, I've been trained.
Mm. Oh, take a gander. It could be anything.
Oh, you're on the money. That's exactly it. So it's a it's a blueberry banana smoothie with a bunch of other stuff because I want to live forever. So there's a spinach tail
uh so it's like kind of balances out with the fruit, but it's more of like a health healthy drink after I've destroyed my my arteries eating out. Mhm. But Oh,
fascinating. Thank you for doing the research into the, like what this is because yeah, I've always been curious like what could they possibly do with just two people talking like, what could they get from that?
But also I think it's fun like if they do watch it that like we're breaking the fourth
wall and
I think they would get a real kick out of us like, hey,
big brother. Yeah. Mm
Yeah, no weird people. I think I'm the, I think I'm the weird person on the other side. Like people are freaked out to get me um
every I've only done this three times or really two
times. You're the second person. The second time was like I was ghosted. I just sat there by myself. Yeah,
but I thought, or
I think maybe that's part of the test. They just want my reaction to being um stood up. I don't know.
Studies boredom. Oh, I think I've heard of that. Yeah,
Thank you
for this.
I haven't gotten them or I think anything they put in front of me, I just do because I want that sweet pocket change. I think it adds up to like it's false. Ah small fun stuff you can buy online and yeah, it's nice. Mm hmm,
interesting,
wow, how can I sign up for that
one?
Oh, I can't really hear it. Or I just hear you, so you're good.
And
wow, that sounds cool. But also, yeah, I don't interesting. I wish I could do that because I want to be a part of science and also get paid at the same time. That's really nice.
Oh, that's a thick, chunky
smoothie. Oh, take a guess. It could be anywhere.
No,
not a dorm.
No,
no, I'll take it. I think that's a compliment, dorms are like young and hip, so that's, that's the message. Oh
so you can just throw a dart on the map. It could be any state or a country.
I'm american track.
Yeah. Oh your clothes. So I am from the west. I am from florida. Yeah
you are from because you're near Maryland. Maryland, is that right?
Maryland
is a state like oh I'm I'm an uneducated hick like I only know about florida and that's about it.
Merrill. Oh my god I'm gonna get canceled for this. No I I didn't know. Wait I thought Maryland was like I think it's also a county or a capital somewhere.
Oh it's it's it's own place, sovereignty.
Got it.
Oh so I guess maybe I don't hear about it because it's not a popular state or it's not in the news which is a good thing.
No. Yeah like florida I think you here not so nice things about or that were okay.
We're like Australia, but yeah.
But wow, today I learned that Maryland was a state. Mhm. Or yeah, there are 50 states and I only know like the major ones, like new york, California, texas. Yeah.
And then that's all hawaii.
26, probably different time then, don't
you think?
Well, yeah, I'm sure there's definitely like 50, states if we're counting like territories, but I don't know them all off the top of my head.
Okay, so I don't feel that bad then.
No. Yeah, I think Maryland is one of them that I didn't know.
But what have you been doing to keep saying as recently during these fun times?
Oh, baking is fun.
Oh, I love a good biscuit, but it's also intimidating because it can clump up and you have to get the right consistency.
Did
you follow a book or a youtube video?
Oh, the audio is kind of um scratchy
much better. Yeah.
Yeah, no worries, baking is fun, I've dabbled in it, but I think I prefer other people's baking or tasting the baking rather than making it because it's just so much work and cleaning, but also yeah, the fruit of your labors and like other people eating it, I think I get a big kick out of that too, but
quarantine hobbies, um kind of like body weight exercises, so handstands, um stuff like that.
No, it's actually still really hard and I can't do it, but I cheat and I use like a wall or a door, so yeah, I'm getting there hopefully once. Actually, I don't know when uh will ever escape this hell, But yeah, I have time to perfect the biscuit in the hands.
But um yeah, it's been a roller coaster. I think I've watched I've consumed a lot more media than I normally would have.
Um Yeah, it's a roller coaster.
what
is there something that I've been watching that has gotten me through? Um mm I wouldn't say one thing but I feel like um shows on netflix documentaries like kinda nerdy stuff that I can fall into like to forget about the world. Um
But something that has gotten me through. Yeah, I wouldn't say it's one thing I would say it's many different things.
How about you? Is there anything in particular or? Yeah.
also watched that as well but I think I stopped midway through because um okay I it was a it was a really fun show. I don't know why I stopped watching. I think I watched it in college and she was about to get pregnant and right now I think she did get pregnant.
Yes. That's right. Exactly. And then there's like this really good looking guy that that she falls in love with I think and then there's rafael. Exactly. You're triggering triggering my memories. There's another guy, right?
Yes. And I think that's kind of where I left off. It's really spicy. Like it's that's what I think of when I think of drama and it's like a good drama. It's not it's not trashy not to say that actually. Yeah some drama to be a bit trashy.
Tastefully trashy. I like that. I may just pick that back up because I feel like there's nothing good on anymore and you just forget about the classics. People just new, new, new,
that's Me.
But a recent show that I've watched on netflix was um The Queen's Gambit.
I think there's like a good reason for it. One but one factor I think is because it's new and like there's a hype train and everyone wants to ride that train. But yeah, I feel like watch it on your own time and it's a solid good film. Um
it's not, it doesn't have that much to do with chess as you would think it's more of like a drama. I don't want to spoil it. But yeah, it's a good, it's a good watch.
160.
No.
Yeah, I thought, yeah, this show is going to be really boring. It's just chess. Like how can that be exciting? But it's kind of framed around chess and more of the character herself than the game. Yeah, it's hmm, I think I teared up a little bit and I love shows where I can feel
something or cry because I rarely cry. I'm not a crier. I like crying. I think it's
It's fun.
Yeah, I haven't cried in a while or I've only cried from like shows or movies,
but
no, Yeah, but no, you're, you're absolutely right. I think that's a good point. I have nothing to cry about in life, which is a good thing. But also I think it's kind of fun to cry.
When was the last time you cried? If you don't mind me asking?
no,
a week ago.
Oh, but that's nice. But I feel like if you can feel such intense emotion or sadness, then you can also feel like intense happiness as well. So I like that. And then also, I guess when was the last show or movie that was a tear jerker for you? Yeah.
Oh my God, I think maybe I did that. I definitely do that. Um There's a show called steven Universe. It's like a cartoon. And like yeah, there were some scenes where like it's not even meant to make you cry. Like it's a fun happy scene and I just like start tearing up.
it's happy crying. I also like that too. Okay,
it's a good show. It's it's a cartoon, but I think they explore some adult themes and like yeah, it's a very smart, well rounded inclusive show that's like kind of um mind opening. Yeah, I highly recommend it. We'll check out jane the Virgin because I love a good cry
and
tearing up Oh, could you hear that rain?
Oh, it was my phone ringing. Okay, sorry about that.
Mm emotions. Yeah. I think um during quarantine I just don't really feel much at all. So like I think shows are like the gateway to like being a human. Mhm.
I I I absolutely relate to that. Yeah, like there's absolutely nothing going on because like we're stuck inside. Like what else could we possibly be doing?
Um Well florida is an interesting case because some of us don't care. So uh
I think it's bad in some areas my area cares like it's kind of older people so I am pretty safe and I messed up but room I guess yeah things have slowed down, like you can feel it when you walk
outside, there's just not much going on. There's no life, they're not life. But yeah there's just no people people are indoors, stores are still kind of populated but people just want to get in and get out. How is it in Maryland?
Oh that's good, I'm
so happy to hear that.
But yeah, I think that are safe and sorry, or dead. Yeah, um Maryland is a blue or red state.
Mm hmm.
Gosh, I think florida is purple maybe or leaning towards Republican. No, it's definitely it's a red state and I think it's weird that it correlates with states that care about people's health and well being is blue and then red is like they don't give a fuck
or I don't think like it should have anything to do with colour. I feel like it's just the right thing to do. It's kind of mind boggling that it's uh it has to do with color. Mhm.
It is, yeah, I hear that we are actually, there's some weird like american part of me that screaming like, yeah, we're number one in like go with the case of this.
But yeah, I feel like wow that's not good, it's funny. Not a good look for us but we're still we're still number one baby.
mm Oh wow it's weird looking looking back at the reflection and the reflection, looking back at you.
Oh no I meant like me reflecting on America like
but both yeah I forgot that I was I was mainly looking at you and your glasses but now you've just reminded me that there's a square of my face
my God I am self conscious, I hate looking at myself, I hate hearing my voice like that's the last thing I want to see.
but yeah I think self reflection is good are not ignoring the problems in your life. Mhm mhm Uh huh mhm wow. Now that you mentioned that I'm going to look at the little little rectangle of myself
I think
I can mute myself but I can't turn off the camera. Wonderful. Um yikes. Yeah, there's just something about seeing yourself and hearing yourself. There's that's like another level of I don't know why like I really hate my voice. Self hatred.
No, but yeah, what's strange is that like when I hear other people like you? I think your voice sounds fine, it's normal, but like when it's my own voice it's like disgusting. Delete that please. But yeah, I think your voice is fine. You could you could read audiobooks to me and I would be okay with that.
I'll take it I like there's a part of my brain that's like
kind of help Yeah. Self depreciating and like can't take compliments but I'll take it. Thank you.
If
yeah, it's fun. I enjoyed it.