hi,
I'm glad you mean her because I started thing now. See um is this your first time being on one of these?
You
were? Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry about that, this is my second time. So yesterday I had one but it went really well. It was nice, the lady was friendly. Yeah.
Uh, this kind, I didn't, I really didn't know what to expect, you know?
So
where are you from?
Nice. I went to school at san Diego State.
beautiful a lot
of years ago, but it's beautiful
here.
I'm, I'm in Dallas, the suburb of Plano,
but I grew up in California in Tarzana, you know where that is? In the valley?
it's actually like just outside of, in the san Fernando valley, like Encino, Tarzana, woodland hills, that area. And then I married a Texan here,
have you always lived in san Diego?
Very lucky
to live
in California.
That's awesome. It is awesome. That's right.
I was actually born in Connecticut and two. I have italian parents in italian grandparents and um then my debt, you know, we moved around a little bit and ended up in California and then I married a Texan. So yeah,
now that was very different than California. Let me tell you.
Oh really? Oh, that's a nice city. Yes. Very nice
again.
Oh, that's nice. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the barbecue, I have to say the barbecue in texas is the best is the one thing that is great about texas.
Um do you go to school or you graduated or?
And
well that's nice.
You're like, I have to go, excuse me. So
go ahead.
Well, no, I'm just wondering if pharmacies are getting ready for the vaccine or? Yes.
I wonder how it will be distributed like, well you have to go to your doctor, will there be like clinics or?
a lot of people.
Yeah. No, I think that would be good little reported. We've been quarantined since March.
you do. Yeah,
that's good.
Um They are now but at worst they weren't much, you know? But now they're starting to wear them where I think because it's showing that it's so bad on the news and everything. I think they're small. You know, it is because we're older and my husband's older and there's some underlying this is we just try to be really careful. But most
people
wore Moss.
Yeah, it's really but I don't get like people go out.
I don't know.
Well it seems a small price to pay for. People won't
do that.
Just that we do like Lysol and and
I
off
we to do we like my husband goes, do you think other people do this? I'm like, I don't know, we watch all of our groceries. We
that's good. That's good. Yeah. Um So do you like it there in san Diego?
Diego is it?
Well it's beautiful.
Do you go to Colorado often or organs get to see the
area?
Yeah. There's a lot of hiking and things that I worked at hotels up there. That's what I used to do before I retired people would go up into the mountains on the other side of like, you know where Roosevelt is up towards like when
you go up to Lake Tahoe up that way, they would do
a lot of hiking up in that
area.
it's beautiful. Yeah.
This is the great thing about living there. There's so much to do.
So the pharmaceutical company work for, they do distribution, they do um like do they get drugs and take them to different places?
I'm
One
what interesting work.
What so what is the process? So like does someone like how does like
does your company get like an idea from like are you assigned like is it a contract to try and develop the drug or?
And well,
oh I see
how many people are in each of the phases, does it just depend
on, mm.
Isn't that something? And then and so just um then the FDA just like you just put a report together and the FDA goes over it and five.
how interesting. And that was very interesting. I never met someone that did you know that it actually involved in the science. Although my daughter, she had a friend that went on to get I think the doctor, she went to Notre dame and then she went to ST louis and became kind of what you're doing. She studied things and she was studying, you
say was chickens or roosters or something. So there was something
for the animals in that. I don't remember exactly what it was. She was studying that. Yeah.
That's
very cool. About. Very interesting.
Very interesting. So, what do you think the chances are that the FDA might rush the coronavirus vaccine too much now?
It's,
The body
can withstand it. And I think it's interesting that there's like from what I've read that there's different companies working on vaccines and their different vaccines.
I wonder why that is.
You know I know and I keep asking you about vaccine.
Well I don't know um when I lived in san Diego there was you know we would go you know the hotel del Coronado. So beautiful. And then there was like an area that was like it was off the highway and you could go and they had the best mexican food and mexican breakfast.
I don't remember. But it
was just good. That's what
Yeah.
Yeah it was good. Good. I loved it there. Yeah.
That's very true. I think we did that one for a long time ago. But it's very yeah.
Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I'm in texas now. So I before I retired I worked for a hotel company and I um did regional sales so I would go to hotels that weren't performing and try to help. And the hotel in Laredo and a hotel in El paso and in both of those places we've got to cross the border or mexican food in Mexico you know. Yeah.
It sounds warez.
Yeah
it is
this was a while ago and it was dangerous so I don't know why we went but you know someone decided that it would be good to go into. Yeah
but I loved el paso. I love the culture and no because I liked it a lot. Yeah.
Yes. Do you think of Oreos? Yeah. It
is
it is it's interesting. Texas is so big that depending on where you go the culture is so different you know. Yeah. So.
Yeah I moved from I graduate from college and I went to Austin because my brother was living in Austin and state your brother and I went to work at a like a resort Lake way. I have never heard of it. But anyway, he, my husband worked there too and we met and we got married actually in Austin and um we lived there a while and then we moved to Dallas and we've been married 40 years, so it's been a while. But when we first, when I first, my husband lived on a like a like about 100 acres with his family when I first and
several
in texas,
well outside of marble falls, you know, kind of outside of Austin. So funny because I was such a city girl, you know and you don't go there and there'd be these animals, it was just a complete
shock.
you would like it, it's nice. It's just the whole thing
of animals and everything kind of shocked me like, you know really you're going to kill that duck and we're going to eat it. I don't think so how it's kind of, it's odd. But yeah, it was very interesting. Was a
lot
of getting used to for a young, I was very young for a young girl,
you
know, they didn't farm that they had cows and they had not many cows a few and they had pigs and they had my father in law still had a job. He worked at like the electrical, I don't know our
place.
It was, it was busy. I mean when they weren't at jobs, they always did what needed to be done there,
you
know.
and there's
a lot of work,
it's just a lot of work and that's small compared to what a lot of people have. But, but yeah, it was nice. It was just very different.
They
told that they sold it when state retired, they sold it, which
you hear that their baby, they sold the place and um, but it's still there and that's part of boston and but they have gotten that place years and years ago when my husband was very young and they got it from a man that raised chickens and so they got it and the way they paid for it was they took over the whole raising of chickens. So my husband can remember when he was young, you know, they always had to go out and get the eggs, you know, and they had to grade the eggs and take the
eggs
out.
We
did
so many eggs and they worked, I mean they had to get a certain amount of like a certain amount of times a day I think because otherwise, you know it was a mess and
they always worked really hard on the place, they had pigs and it was just a mess and um, they narrowed them and they had cows, not a lot of them, but they always have a calf and then a cow, you know, and they did that when I was there in the, you know, when you take the baby cow calf away from his mother, the cow would just moved. I didn't know that, that they missed their babies at first and that was a shock.
You know, there's just a lot of things that you don't realize.
I lived there. We very first got married. We lived in like a small house next to his parents.
it's very good for families.
that's really nice. That's good. How long have you been married?
Oh, that's nice. Well, congratulations.
Yeah, I hope you get to do all the things that you want to do. My name is after being married for years is to just do them because we look back and go, oh I should have done that you know?
But yeah so it's been it's been interesting
all
the time. We started quarantining in March and my husband we stay here except we go to the store to get groceries. But we don't go in. We go to like the drive up the curb side. We have a whole fruits not far from here that will put them in the back of the trunk. We ordered online and there's another grocery store that does that and walmart will do that. So we just, my husband's got hard issues and so we decided we're just not going to risk any of it
and it's okay. It's been eight months. I was figuring it out this way. It's been eight months, but it's been okay. We're painting the house, we're like doing things like
that's nice.
Have they come up? Have you gotten some already?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. Well, let's see. I guess the quarantine does some good things. I don't know what mhm
I don't know what
it has been so different and I always think, okay, well, you know, I mean this is once in how many years, something like this happens someday when you have Children, you'll be able to tell them about the time when everybody had to quarantine and were mass is going to be like, no way. And you're going to be like,
way
Coronavirus 14 and they'll just get shots from it, they won't have to worry about it.
It will. So
do you
cook or do you? Or
just?
Well,
you know, look, you better say yes.
No, but
Oh wow. That's very responsible. That's very good.
Yeah. Well you got to go out for your and burst. No. Pretty much.
Yeah. It is. I think, I think it's really nice to see people your age being so responsible too. Mm.
It really is because you see these people and a lot of people, honestly, our people, many people are going out still and going to bars and going to restaurants and then we're getting around people and those people can reveal transfers back to the people that have a high risk or elderly people are dying. So it's so irresponsible. Oh
yeah. And then we have a president that doesn't even wear a mask, so I don't know, but
not
for long. So that's a good thing. Yes.
It is a Dallas votes usually democrat and so does Houston. So the bigger cities in Austin you have all these towns like on the periphery and our very Republican and when it adds up it overwhelms what, you know what?
Which is terrible. You know, I live in plano which is kind of pretty republican, but and I always tell my husband we're gonna move. I can't live here, but I haven't yet. Yeah.
people
pretty
much,
you know, they're not in your face or you know, it's like waving crazy, you know?
But yeah, so it's good, it's a good thing. I have grandkids, I have five grandkids so I talked to them on Alexa. Yeah.
I have two kids who daughters, one has three kids and one has two kids. There's
there are in texas, it's nice but we haven't
seen him. We haven't seen him since March. We talked on the Alexa and
I don't they live in Fort Worth. So you know it's close maybe 40 minutes people.
Yeah. Yeah you have to do it. I don't know. I don't know. It'll all work out and then joy. Um
So
I don't know how this works like after 25 minutes we're supposed to just not which was the best one to be the end or how does it work?
It's really because you talked to someone like hello goodbye
kind of awkward
you know.
Yeah. I know. I know. Last night we talked a long time. But yeah the person
last
night in
California, the person I talked to last night was from Long Beach. Yeah and she was in the medical field she um she actually did physical therapy in pools like you know like I thought they
deal with this. Yeah.
there. Stop. Um
So yeah, that was very interesting. But it's nice to see
people like you that are so nice and are so, you know, being careful. Very good.
The
room.
Yeah. And you never know. Like, I think I'm a boat again at first. I was like, oh well I'll do it once now after meeting you, I'm like, I'm going to do it again
like
You do prolific a lot or
why not? It pays
pretty good, you know? Yeah.
It's like, okay. Yeah,
why not? And because prolific is done through schools, they like usually try to pay good and be fair, all of that stuff and they tell
you the
amount of time that it's going to take. Oh man. Yeah.
So what did you major in in school? Did you major in Biology? Yeah.
Well there's way worse jobs.
Yeah. I know it sounds very interesting.
No.
Are you working on multiple medicines at the same time or just one at a time?
What's
your hurry?
But you have to try
when I want to try. Yeah. It's so important. I mean you know there's so many diseases that are so life changing for people, you know?
And it's amazing. So how do you decide what to do do you like? Okay. It's the start of your you get a new project and so do lots of research first before you decide which direction to go in or? No?
Oh that's more
Yeah.
So important. Just song. So what's the weather like there today?
You can't beat the weather there. Huh?
So nice.
It's not. I saw Philip Rivers at the football game. From the Sandy. He used to be in SAn Diego right? Yeah.
So we watched
last night my
husband
and
yeah, I think he left.
What
is it playing for the cult's last night I think.
So I don't know when I think of san Diego or when I think because last night the game was on I thought oh san Diego but he left. I know.
No I don't like kevin. I don't even really like football. My husband watches it.
No he doesn't like cowboys either.
He
does he like he like he
just
like the wall pitch you know
he just likes to watch football.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's really weird when you go when I was working and I would go to different places. There will be people that not from texas but they were diehard catholic. It's
weird.
That's very true. That is so true. It's the same in baseball like you know yankee fans you know they don't live in europe with their Yankee fans you know?
That's funny. Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Basketball.
Do you watch basket? You like basketball?
We have Mark Cuban here. Basketball team. A lot of people like
that.
like shark tank. Um um
So it's just interesting. We watched a lot of baseball when the World Series was on.
it was it was played in Arlington which is part of Dallas. Yeah it was and we watched a lot of that but we've been watching movies and
I
know
what you want them doing either. Isn't arrogant but I don't know you're rooting for Will Tampa Bay. Yeah
he was rooting for Tampa Bay to all.
But I mean but you have to admit that that guy that's the pitcher for the Dodgers. He's a good picture. What's his name? Kershaw? Yes,
it's fun. So so that's so during the quarantine I've watched a lot more sports than I've ever watched it. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Well
that's good. That's good
one.
She's
always
in a lot.
All right. I know. I know there's different times in your life like when we were young and we had kids and everything. He didn't watch my sports and now we're home. It's covid we're watching whispers different times in your life. Warm. No, that's good. You're spending more time with your wife. That's a good.
That's an
important Were so nice. And I don't know if our 25 minutes are up yet.
I just wanted to goodbye
and let you know that. I wish you all the very best.
nice talking to you.