you're showing? Yeah. Oh and
hi.
Second actually I just had one yesterday but I'm
before
and no I've got no shows like every single time.
I talked to this guy he was really friendly to. It was fun.
You
have to
san Diego California.
Oh wow, that's cool. Well
Mhm.
That's
that's awesome. From.
Hello?
Like uh is that by Bakersfield or Fresno? Is that?
Nice. That's
Um I lived actually in san Jose for the first part of my life.
Fellow
with Chatham.
Yeah, I'm California in my life.
were born in California?
I know your doubt.
Yeah. The person I talked to yesterday yesterday was from Austin.
so
that's cool. I've never been to Austin. I've actually been to Dallas just driving through though. We drove to florida once with my family like we do for florida stopped at like new Orleans.
yeah I like the I like the food in texas, like all the barbeque.
Thank you.
Uh No I'm working yeah so I
I went to cal state san marcos um But now I work at a pharmaceutical company so
technically I'm I'm at work right now but I just booked a conference through this thing.
but it's.
yeah go ahead.
I don't know about pharmacies. So our our company is like uh we like develop new drugs and stuff so we actually do the distribution part of it. But yeah I would guess. I mean if they have uh if you know Pfizer is going to mass produced that drug, That vaccine.
Yeah. I have no idea mate.
Yeah, probably the same as like a flu vac flu shot flu vaccine or you can like a local pharmacy or through your doctor or whatever you want to do.
Uh huh. I know. Crazy. Um So like for me because, because pharmaceutical industry has been like essential, so I've come into work still. Oh, wear our masks and everything and
Do
people in Dallas where masks pretty often?
That's
good.
Yeah, That's good. That's good.
I know. Yeah.
Look, yeah, our san Diego County just went from like the red, the red category to the purple category, which is a little bit worse than red. So I think we're going to be closing like bars and yeah, inside and seating at restaurants and that kind of stuff is gonna be
I
agree. A lot of people are like, they just don't, I don't know if they don't care or they just really feel like they're being, you know, infringed upon so they don't want to wear their masks and they don't want to call the social distancing guidelines, but we all do that especially. So right now we're renting from my wife's parents in a separate house, but we still see them a lot. We're trying to, you know, like stay as um like clean as possible so that that's for anything, there's no risk. Yeah.
groceries.
Everything
is,
Yeah. To everything we buy from the store, we wipe them down. Okay.
Yeah. I do. I like it. You mean that my job or do you mean san Diego in general or?
Yeah, I do like san Diego. I actually, so I'm santiago is really beautiful. I'm actually more of like, if I could live where like, if I could choose where I wanted to live, I think I would be more of like a, like a colorado kind of person though.
Mountains or the forest or like Oregon or something like that. I don't know like san Diego beaches and what to do. There's like a lot of hiking and stuff like that too. Yeah.
No
no no I don't but but I think I like that kind of scenery in that lifestyle. Like even northern California. I have a lot of family northern California. So I we're going there often like every six months or so. We would go before covid. But
What?
No
in
that area. Yeah makes sense. Yeah.
We go we go snowboarding there sometimes. Yeah.
I know.
No we don't know, we don't do distribution. We develop, you know we don't do this distribution. So that's
why my honourable pharmacies but we developed like if there's like a potential if we discover potential cure for a certain disease then we have then we try to research that drug and um you know
I hate to make sure it works, put it through clinical trials and then hopefully the FDA accepted and you can put on the market.
Yeah. I only work with like one small part of it though but still cool to watch drugs like go through the process and eventually make it to people who you know who they might not have had a cure for that disease before. So it's really cool
that.
huh. Um Usually what it is is somebody at our company will like partner up or collaborate with say like somebody at university at some university and they might have an idea that that researcher at that university you might be working on a specific disease for a long time, like a specific rare disease and maybe since it's so rare, uh it hasn't really gotten a lot of attention. So like a good opportunity for us. Um And if they can determine what causes the disease, then they can see if our therapeutics would work like any of the drugs that we design could work towards that disease. What they do is they test them first in like animal models. If animals with with that certain disease would get better after the treatment and if they do then they then we make sure that the drug is safe. They go into clinical trials first clinical trial, like Phase one will determine whether that drug is safe at all. Phase two determines whether like whether it does what it's supposed to do. So if reduce some some gene in your body, will it reduce that gene? And then phase three is is reducing that gene actually affecting the disease. Does
make the disease better then. Um once all those studies are done then the FDA can decide to approve that approve the drug or like
a drug I guess if they don't see these improvements. So. Yeah
it
because especially when you have like really rare um really rare diseases, it's hard to find a lot of people. There are some like there are only like a few 100 people in all of the United States that have this certain disease in rare disease. So it could be really small or it could be big like Alzheimer's or something. That's huge.
I'm not I'm not really um involved that much with that part of this. I know there's a lot of work that goes in. They have to compile all of the different studies that have ever been done and then the FDA looks through everything and then they have questions. Then you might have to design a new study in order to answer their questions back and forth and back and forth and then they give their recommendation. But the part that I mostly do is the animal work. So like we were we deal with threats. Um
No.
That's
Yeah. There are a lot of um a lot of people that like a lot of people that do that kind of work before I got into this job, like I didn't know, you know, I never even really thought about that part of the drug industry, how like now it's apparent that there's a lot of people that's what we have my uh my doctorate but I have like I have my bachelors but so she might be doing more like the like the research or like, you know the research part of it. I'm doing a lot of like the technical stuff because that's what she
don't have.
that's cool.
rush it. I don't know. I don't know anything about vaccines. I don't even like, yeah, I don't know anything about vaccines. Um And the thing is like also like just what I think is if there is a vaccine, obviously the coronavirus is like came out in like february. And so there's maybe they started working on vaccine like, I don't know, six months ago or something. So if they have a vaccine, it's totally possible that up till now, you know, maybe it has the protective effects against the coronavirus. But who knows, we might have like some other bad effects. I'm not saying it does, but some drugs that, you know, they have like bad side effects. But who knows if those side effects could only like might only show themselves
like a year from when you take it. But with the vaccine I think it's probably a lot less likely because it's a vaccine you take like one time it's not like a you have to take it every day or every week. Those ones that usually have the worst side effects that show up later with probably you probably don't have that kind
real.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey.
Yeah. I'm not sure either. Probably taking different parts of the virus and trying to make vaccines towards different parts of them. Or like be a different way of processing the virus. I don't know. Yeah. We don't do anything with vaccines so I don't really know anything.
No. All I know is what I remember from school which is like 10 years. Yeah.
maybe Mario Logan
or
you can hike or something. Yeah. Like it's like, like pretty much on san Diego, like right next to the coronado bridge Apart. Yeah,
it might be barrio Logan.
there's a lot of good mexican food here and um you can just go to Mexico to if you want to.
Yeah, we've we've done that uh once or twice before coronavirus.
paso what, what is is that? Uh what is it? Uh
Yeah. Where is? Yeah,
that's, that's a dangerous area.
It's
that's
That's like the cowboy. That's what I think of when I think of. Okay.
Or
here.
That's cool. So, um so what, so like what made you move to Dallas or is it when you married your husband? Yeah.
In
texas
it,
And
that's all the, like, I think I've never had the experience of living like, like on a farm or any, like in rural area, so I think that's like what I want to do, but yeah,
What?
Set
up.
Okay. So they farmed that 100 acres. It was
like a,
So that
was like a side thing,
take
the
farm work man. I work 100
acres.
A lot of aunt.
So what, where is it now? Like is it, did they sell the place or do
you
there?
You
had so
many eggs too. If it was
just,
no, no, no, I'm saying they probably had so many eggs.
man.
Yeah.
yeah that makes sense. So you live there too when
oh that's cool that's like what we're doing right now well
but if I'm like like half an acre or three quarters maker not 100
uh for two years are we had our second year anniversary in october
thanks.
Right yeah thanks. Try to take that advice. Right. Uh huh.
Yeah so have you been you've been pretty much inside like all the time now like
just
yeah that's smart.
yeah just doing like house projects. Yeah we started we made some like raised garden beds and then started gardening some stuff
does and yeah tomatoes and like herbs and stuff Greece.
Yeah we did yeah. So we did that in the beginning of quarantine now. They're like most of them have died now. Yeah like the herbs and stuff still stayed alive.
I think so.
Yeah. It's yeah it's definitely been different.
Like
we live in 2020. Yeah.
It'll just be like another.
I don't
know.
My
wife, my wife
loves cooking.
Yeah. She's really good cook. Yeah. Yeah.
So we yeah so we do go grocery shopping and then take stuff back home and cook. It been out to eat I think three times since the coronavirus.
yeah, for our anniversary and then like another time before that. Mhm.
But yeah. Mostly just cooking.
Thanks. I just think yeah we I think we would still be doing the same even if we weren't living close to her parents but it's yeah it's just like I don't know it's it's better to just social distance and just
I agree.
I
know
are a lot of people in texas like I because in California I think a lot of people are pretty they're pretty liberal but I don't know how it is in texas, like Dallas is a city but texas as a whole is pretty conservative right?
What's in the city? Yeah.
if they don't bother you then I guess and then if
they bother
you
then of course
Yeah that's good.
How many kids do you have?
They're all in texas do,
that's
Um How do they live far away or they just.
That's good that they've been Really careful. Yeah. I've seen my parents like less than they live close by to like maybe 20 minutes away from where we live. I've seen them like maybe four times or so since.
Oh
what?
I am not really sure. Uh Yeah, last time um we talked, I think it was probably like well my counter things said like 33 minutes. But I think I was waiting for like 5 10 minutes from um like this was yesterday when I talked to the other guy and he said uh like he's like just basically said yeah, like 25 minutes are up and then we just kind of filled out the rest of survey.
Yeah, it's kind of operative but
it's
like end the conversation because there's like a time limit.
But it's
it's cool
like
Like
and those the ones that I speak right? Yeah.
Mhm.
No.
it's I
like
it, it's fun to like meet random people.
Yeah why not?
But yeah
um I have it like I have the extension saved or installed on my browser so every time there's a there's available test or available survey. So I do it like if I'm not busy if I'm just working on the computer and then pops up I'll be okay, I'll take like five minutes out of my time
neatly.
it is I think well I started in in august or something remember and I think I've made like This is like a 150 lb or something right?
Why not?
I like
it.
Yeah.
yep. And then so I ended up with this job is I like it I guess. Um It's not as like high paying I guess as a lot of other uh science junk science majors, like maybe a computer science or or like even of course like the engineering majors but it's fine, I like it. Yeah.
Oh for sure. Yeah.
Yeah, it is interesting. We always run into like different issues or problems, it's a bad thing, but you know, we have to figure out a way to solve everything. So it's it's not like we're doing the same thing every day, although
some same thing.
So we we do work on multiple like potential drugs at the same time. So I think I've been here for six years and maybe like four or five things I've worked on have actually ever been are like in clinical like
they've
been actually like there have been people that actually have taken that drug. Yeah, but we've worked on a bunch of different things that sometimes they don't make it like they don't get, we don't have an effect on the disease or something.
Yeah. Yeah, of course,
Yeah, I know we're the ones that were working on the rare and there are severe, so it's like Yeah, really?
So the people, so my job, I don't do the research either.
I just kind of do like they hand me a bunch of different drugs and then we test them in different in like mice or rats to see if they're safe or to see if they are effective. And sometimes we have to like do different types of experiments in order to figure out if there really safe for the really effective. So I'm kind of like in the middle, so first there's like the idea that form and then it comes to us and then it goes into like into humans. Yeah people.
Mhm.
It's nice it's uh it's been pretty hot for the past few weeks but this past week it's cooled down a lot so I think it was around 50 this morning at like 7 27 30 when I left the house is around 50 and it's probably around 75% maybe 70.
Oh it's so nice.
Yeah it's really
Yeah he did
it's
not
it's not on SAN Diego anymore or
you mean he's in L. A. Yeah but yeah
he left
the chargers.
Oh wow okay man, I have not kept up with football but
I know. Are you uh cowboys fan then?
okay. The cowboys,
oh who's
this scheme?
But
actually
do what?
Oh okay, that's cool. Yeah
I have a few cousins and a few friends that are diehard cowboys fans. Yeah
and I don't even know why because like my cousin like they're not even from texas.
Look there are
so many cowboys fans, it's like I think I don't know if it's like certain teams just have fans wherever they go like.
Yeah I read the fans like
yeah, yep. Or like Laker fans in the NBA.
Although it is,
yeah. Yeah I do like that, that's my favorite sport watching it and play and stuff. Uh huh.
that's
key. Yeah.
Good morning. Mhm
mm. Because it was played there right? Or was it in Dallas or it was
Okay, that's nice. I uh actually just didn't want the Dodgers to win but the way
I
guess.
what?
me too. But Right.
yeah.
I used to watch more sports and then when I when we got married, like my wife isn't really into sports.
Like. No, I like not really watching that
one.
I guess I wish I could watch. I mean, I probably could like maybe I'll watch more basketball in the future, but
basketball, it I'm from the area, so I really like the Warriors. But they were horrible to see her because of injuries and stuff.
I didn't have
glaciers
to it either. But okay. I guess I always having, well, I mean like I guess Kobe died but then you know they Laker championship, they have the dodger championship. Yeah.
We're spending
lot.
Probably. I think it was like at around one. Yeah.
for
Thank you. You too. Hi, nice talking to you.