Hi, how are you,
***
and
I can. Hi.
Good, good, good. I'm just gonna set a timer
for us.
Well that's okay. I spent a timer for us.
Me too. Same thing happened to me. I did another time, but I nobody showed up like the past three times.
So where do you live?
Well? Oh, you do? Okay. I'm from New Jersey.
Warm or what you different? Oh my God. Yeah. How's the covid been for you guys? Pretty bad.
Yeah. You know, that's the smartest and the safest. We had it really bad
in New
Jersey
in the spring. You probably already heard, You know? How bad is that? In New york city and New Jersey? They're kind of like the same states. You know, people interact, they work in each state, live in another one. Um but it was really, really bad. So we're used to really very harsh. Like what am I trying to say, restrictions on things and things let up a little bit, but not really. We can't eat in restaurants and we have to wear mask outside to we're supposed to
and
now.
Most of the restaurants tried um the ones that could set up like outdoor eating in their parking lots and things like that. But there are a lot of restaurants that already went out of business and it's sad. It's really sad.
That's what
happened
here.
It's really sad. And when the Jersey Shore open, because we get a lot of people coming in the summer just to stay on the Jersey Shore. Um They tried like
outside bars and that type of thing. And that's when the numbers started going back up and then some kids had a bunch
of parties and you know, you
hear
about it on the news that they broke up these parties 100 kids. And so that's when you know that scary. But I'm like you I pretty much just you know really safe. I have three kids. Um We just you know, just do what we can to say safe. They haven't really socialized too much.
And now
the
big
school
I have someone in college when the starting college and he's gonna go um Yeah with the restrictions of course, but he's going to go and then um school, they're still toying with it being hybrid Um meaning
like online at home and then maybe they'll do 2/2 days in school. So it's just like it's just
it moves, it's like all the time. It's just it's up in the air.
you know,
you know, so I know it even scares me to send him to college because like he's really responsible. But I'm thinking like you know his roommate, even if he is responsible, who knows, we don't have any control over to where he's going, you know what I'm going to a party or something and you
just have to hope
and pray for the best.
That's how
you're
I know, I know and if it doesn't go over your nose, it really doesn't help. You know like 100%,, you know, people don't realize. They realize and it's hot. I understand it's it's hot. It's not comfortable.
I will.
It's
hard.
It's true. Oh my gosh, my
kids have been home for for um since March, so like six months including august been a long stretch. None of them could work, none of them could work there part time jobs after school because they were restaurants and they, you know, they closed down and it's been a long long
by
six months.
But I thought that um I thought was tiny little girl. She must have been about 1.5 with a tiny mask on. It was so cute. She was just keeping it on and in her little stroller and it's adorable.
Or
I know
Oh that's really smart.
I know
that's
when
the more
I
like that.
Well
I
don't
I've done like the curbside pickup in pet stores like for at petsmart. Petco. I don't know if you have those for like, you know my pet supplies and um but the groceries, I haven't done it. Um I really haven't done it yet. My husband likes fresh things so he likes to go out and pick his own like you know, produce
since like so I'm kind of spoiled in that regard. So he don't, you do and he's a really good cook so he likes to cook. So
I
Coraline
and
her we like this company called Peapod. They I don't know if you guys have them in texas. They come around the neighborhood and they deliver
groceries
and things if you order in the store. The grocery
store.
Oh that's
great.
that's
perfect.
that's
so cool. Oh that's good. First month from so is it isn't half there in texas?
What's it like like 100° or?
it is. Now you don't have like the hurricane heading to your coast do you? The two
hurricanes.
They
are the 4th state. They're always getting hit. I
know.
No
I
get
it.
it's really hard. Like two weeks ago we got hit with a Superstorm um And it came up here and people were without power for a week like in Connecticut and yeah and parts of New Jersey, Long island new york. Um We just lost it for two days so it was no big deal but still like a lot of people and the trees were down and everything and that was just like with a tropical storm that came up the coast. So I was really
weird.
Oh yeah we're right
near the water. Yeah. Yeah
but
this one
I hate to complain. It was like 89 maybe. But it was it was humid.
I have to say it was human right
now.
It's
probably low 80s. Around 80 maybe
It is now. The humidity creeps up and it really makes it feel uncomfortable. It brings the next around 100. Um and it's been very very humid all summer. Um July was really really hot and most of August
so um
I don't know I mean it's it may be global warming, I'm not sure what it is, but it's been like one of our hottest summers by far but not compared to this, so I can't complain.
all my
guys wonderful but we don't really get that severe cold weather anymore with the with the mountains of snow like we used to like years and years
ago we used to have snow on the ground all the time now up here, like it's like once in a blue moon honestly, but you get like half an inch on the ground and everybody in new york panics, new york and the jewish history panic, get out the snowplows, get out the Sanders get everything you possibly home, but Weatherman says you've got to be careful driving and literally like it's a half an inch. But the ice up here is what gets you and it makes all everybody have an active on the road and stuff like that.
I see
that's hard.
But
sometimes
you work out, it's harder. You look out your door and you want to estimate like what it's going to be like, you don't know, it's any better outside
of the neighborhood. Nothing happens to me all the time. All
this
home
has
happened.
I think we parked down at the end of the driveway maybe because we used to live on a big wall. That's what we had to do.
That's scary.
Yeah. When you start sliding, I hate that. That's so scary.
You
my gosh.
I would never
heal damage. Oh my,
we
must
be
dropped
while.
Why?
that's
What?
Oh now you're a Dallas cowboy fan. Yeah.
Okay.
We
were
all
like he said okay because we all are giants fans, New york giant fans up here. But my one son, the middle son is a Dallas cowboy fan always
has
been,
have you heard
one of them?
Oh well it's funny because he had a life sized Tony Romo one of those fat in his room growing up. And my other son next door had eli manning from the giants on his wall.
So their total rivalry. Forget it in
my house, forget it. It's not funny.
There are no friends and
there's very
little talking
in my house
and
definitely
no
not
this one
of the jets.
let's
move
from
new york.
Was he
from me
now?
Wow. That's
interesting.
Someone.
I know who knows, who knows if we'll even play this year, you know, we're
waiting to hear.
fine
I think.
Yeah, that's the least we can do. It was funny I saw like a sports highlight the other day and they have those cardboard cutouts for the baseball
games
in the statement and now they put boots stuffed teddy bears in there and one of them got a line drive right to the head and his head went back to kind of like one side to side and they sat right back up. Yeah, a long hit in the head but he, you know, he rebounded God that was a person, it would have been really detrimental. Yeah.
Example, but it's really funny to see the crowd like you know with all these cardboard cutouts and you know, teddy bears and different things like that's really strange.
It's very
my family, my husband, my sons are huge basketball players and and they loved the game of basketball. So here's hoping for that one too.
I agree.
I know I know it's not the most exciting thing but you know what it's safe.
What?
For now I know I think so. True, definitely think so
It's got to be horrible and for the essential workers to they leave behind. I have a lot of friends that are nurses and they're trying to figure out what they're going to do because they have to go to work no matter what and they was going to teach the kids and you know I hear them talking and it's it's really hard.
well
that's
for that's that's interesting. I bet they're getting you know what I bet that's a field that's going to open up is to be like a nanny caregiver kind of supervisor person for these home school conclusions.
that is good. Yeah
I'm in like some help because a couple of them are single moms too so it's you know it's hard, they're worried about it
that's
interesting.
That you can't really hide from the camera then
that's pretty
Yeah. Yeah that's a good thing. It's a really good thing. Oh my gosh you're lucky you can work from home that you know you have a job that you can do from home.
hold
on.
Yeah. Where are you stationed in the air Force? Where where?
All right.
good.
And
she
likes
it.
Good.
that's
very
Oh that's really good.
That's
graduate.
I congratulate as an officer, wow. That's fantastic.
Yeah. That's
That's cool. Well my my timer just went off. I think
we're good.
I think we did the 25 minutes,
I was
promised
not you.
Absolutely.
All right, bye bye. Be safe and be well,