Hello?
Oh, let me get my headphones one minute.
Yeah, wherever they are. Okay. Yeah.
Okay, can you hear me now?
Okay, good. Hi, how are you doing?
No,
Okay, good. Because I'm always like, always end up looking at the clock and being like, how long was it?
Perfect, Okay. Something was stuck into my computer, but I got it okay. I was like, this is my third time trying this time and no, and so I'm glad this showed up because nobody showed up the first two times. I,
I was like sad and I waited last time for like 10 minutes and then I was like, well I guess they're not coming okay, and that's my best one stuff. Yeah.
I live in san Antonio texas.
Okay. Oh wow, that's way different.
um Yeah, and I was in Kansas up until like a month ago and then I moved back here, so I was in Wichita, so it was kind of bad there. But then the first couple weeks I got here I guess like numbers have spiked so it was a little bit nervous but I work from home, so I've just been quarantining myself my friend's house if.
you should
take
it.
Okay, so even
if
you're just like outside, not in somewhere. Yeah.
it really is. There's a lot here that have closed down or having reopened yet. Um And there's some places that you can, you know, still do the drive through or you can go in to pick up your food but you can't eat in the yeah, in the place. I know that they had opened up like some of the bars and stuff here like a month or two months ago, like right before I got here and I think that's when the numbers started spiking, so there's not a kind of clothes and everything back down but as far as like restaurants, clubs, stuff like that. But yeah, grocery
stores
and
everything.
What?
I
don't
know.
what
are
they
doing
about school? Oh
Yeah.
scary.
Well they have some kids starting tomorrow. I know and my friends that school just sent them computers, one for each student. So they're doing it from home for now. That's what I understand. So I was like yeah I would worry. Me and my kids and my kids are grown there 1921 but if they were still in school it would scare me to like send them to school. So
crowded.
That's
true.
Yeah and people here I stay away looks like I sold my car right before I got here because you know bills and stuff. And my friend rides the bus to work. He works at a plasma center, so he's been working. But he tells me like the people, they don't have their noses covered on the bus. Some people I don't wear masks and sometimes the people, you know the best drivers tasted, sometimes they don't and I'm just like it's not worth it like I just
mask
on.
So that's the thing that worries me about Kansas because I have you know, great nieces and nephews and it's hard to get them to keep their masks on just like when we go to the store. So I couldn't imagine like them being at school all day and the teacher trying to teach and trying to keep everybody keep your mask go at it. Like that's
and
kids
catch everything already, like they're just sick already so fast.
No.
So
everybody's
kind of stir crazy like, okay, I'm ready to go outside, but not quite anything go. Yeah.
that's so cute. Yeah, I worry sometimes because I see kids people without with babies and I'm like, I don't see them like covering them, you know, covering them and I just want to like, you know, like put something on your baby, like they already have a
hard time. So
and I know you can't like really, you know, I don't know how that works, but I think I would just say in the house of my baby if I had to because even shopping and everything like I went grocery shopping, but I just do it online and then let them put it in the car like to pick up or whatever because I'm just like,
so like we have a TB in walmart, I've been doing it with walmart lately because every once in a while they'll give you like the deal where it's free for them to deliver it. But you can go, you know and do your whole shopping thing and now like I told my friend they take like the vision and the state, you know something whatever. I think when you get there they just have to like scan your card. But I told her I was like it's way easier because when I'm in the store I'm so focused on trying not to like be around too many people. Then you forget
stuff and you're like rushing but there you can make a list and just go, you know do all the shopping. They have it to where if you want substitution or not. So it's pretty cool. I don't know if you have that
out there
but
if you do
definitely
try it. Yeah
it's the
card
is pretty cute too. Yeah.
I don't know.
Good. Well
that's
good
man.
Three
more.
I heard
them. I didn't know that's what they were. Yeah. I used Instacart and like Walmart and stuff because it's, the card normally has ideals and stuff here like $15 off, you know $15
off your
girls through there. I'm like OK cool. So and
then sometimes
they'll do free uh free delivery. I think if you spend like $35 or something and I usually spend $35 in my country shopping. So yeah it works
out.
Yes it is very very high. Have my A. C. Off because it's super loud. But yes it's a very hot out here.
Um it was 10.2 I believe. Let me see what it is today. Today right now it's just 92. But it feels like 105 because it's super human out here. So I was in Maryland for everything here so I kind of remember how it was, it was like 2003 so but I know it was mostly kind of cool out there like it stayed not too hot but here it's like worse.
No
there was one that was headed I think it was marco I think it's the name of it, I think that it was heading towards Houston but there was like something that shifted more towards Louisiana so but Houston's like I'm in san Antonio so I'm kind of in the middle so we don't really get too many hurricanes. Uh It's more like Houston which is kind of closer to the coast which is on the coast. So um but yeah it looks like it said earlier that it like changed, which is kind of back to Louisiana is always getting hit. I feel like uh
kind of
and
it's I couldn't live there or florida I don't think because like it's always like hurricanes or floods or something and I would just be like I'm over it, I'm not
trying anything
else
down,
like I'm not climbing on anybody's roof like.
Guitar
close to the water to right. So uh
so
what's
the weather
like the hair? That's
rita
Well
in
there
so you're but you're used to you're used to the cooler weather. I mean it's cooler there more so than it's hot in New Jersey.
Because
of the storms I wonder maybe.
Well yeah, I mean that's the thing I always say because like in the in the winter time it will be the other way around like it gets like 60 degrees here and we're like oh my God it's freezing and you're like oh no that's fine, that's 60 degrees is perfect. So it gets like negative
zero.
good.
That's how it is in Wichita because it snows there. So I think my first winter there, like I woke up and it was like ice on the ground and I'm like what is this? But they're like uh you know they cleaned out all the main roads but they don't do the neighborhood roads. But yeah, that's the ice. It's like scary
to
Yeah. Yeah so you can, as long as you can get off your neighborhood to like a main street you're fine. But getting out the neighborhood is the hard part like I had to sign something
on my
lease because my.
like
all
my
boss the first time and I'm like I need to wait until this like slow like you know built some and she's like oh no the roads are fine and I'm like such a picture of like frustrate and I'm like I don't know what to do here. Like my
driveway
went like this so I had to sign a thing saying like you know in the winter time to be careful coming up my driveway because it was so steep and I'm like I'm scared to like back up like I'm gonna run right into the other you know thing and my landlord already made me sign something saying it wasn't the responsibility. So like if I want to know what I would have parked on the street or something. Yeah it was.
Park on the end. Yeah. I used to just if I thought it was gonna snow if it snowed today before then I would just kind of part on the side of my front of my house instead of in the back because I would just be like, yeah, that's like the thing and then it would be like cool. But I saw somebody in the truck almost like running to the curve. So I was like I had this like little bitty car and I'm like there's no way. So
but uh yeah
and here in texas, I've only had to deal with black eyes every once in a while, so you like hailstorms. But that's like the most
that happened. Yeah. And it's a little weird
because I'm like,
yeah, and it happens, maybe I say like it will start getting cold like november ish december. So like when everybody else is getting snow will get like some hail and then it will normally like maybe once or twice and then it will be, but I'm like everybody's car, you know, everybody has hail, damage insurance out here and stuff like that. So I guess it works out.
Yeah, and I'm like,
they
should
deal
with more
covered. Yeah, well they're like, they can be like quarter size or golf ball size or you know, some of this, but
I guess from it falling, you know, even the little bitty ones can cause dents in your car and you know, whatever. So It's a lot
of people getting their cars like around springtime, you'll see a lot of people getting their cars repainted because of that or they'll be
selling them during taxes. Yeah, it's kind of crazy. But that's like the worst that it gets everyone throughout some sleep. But I think when it gets like 30° here, they're like drip your faucets and you know, turn your heaters off and You know, watch your animal. Yeah, we're like 30°. And then I moved to switch time there, like it's below 14 or making a 14 and I'm like, what? I can't do this. I was like, I'm moving back to Texas before it gets cold again because like, I literally cannot.
Yeah.
You're
in Dallas Cowboys
friend since
96.
Tell him I
like
the most what's
arrival
in your house.
And
Especially
during that game you're like, yeah, I used to date this guy who is the new york giants friend. And I was like, when we're playing against each other, there's no friends here. He's like, okay, bye.
pre
season
series.
Yeah. And I'm worse
than the men sometimes. He's like talking and I'm like babe games are and shit. He's like
take it talked to me before the game comes on a dirty commercial, I can't be bothered. So it's terrible. My best friends. Uh
He
likes
to Jack.
So yeah, so
I
don't
know.
No,
no,
no,
he's born razors. Yeah. Just that's this team. Yeah,
I
know. Absolutely. I say I was like, what
is wrong with you? He's like, that's my team and I can't tell them nothing. Just like, you can't tell me nothing about the cowboys, I just leave alone.
I'm
so sad about it like. And then I forgot that the Dallas cowboys moved there, you know where I was like, they're probably going to spring training anyway, but I forgot that they moved their spring training to California or whatever like some years ago because we used to go to spring training here in san Antonio whenever they do it here. So
that was cool. Yeah but I know everybody, I'm like what they're doing basketball so maybe but I don't know I think they're still trying to figure it out because the basketball
players are like it's not fun playing without the crowd, which I understand because the crowd hype them up but like hey what about us? We're sitting at home, we can't do anything. The least we can do is watch sports,
good
luck.
I bet you that person said that was supposed to be sitting and I was like I would have caught that ball.
Oh yeah because in the basketball they just have the screens right? Like the T. V. Screens or computer screens and so you see people like moving and you're like what's going on? Oh yeah that's the computer screen,
everyone. Yeah
yes. Yes. Yes. I think everything, I just wish everything could kind of start going back but I want to make sure that everybody is safe for everybody's trying to rush it. But just like what happened here and what happened there, like they open stuff up too soon and then people were getting sick and I'm like it's not worth it, like we can sit at home for a little bit longer, we have video conferencing and okay
stuff.
Yeah and that was the thing that was worrying about the kids in school because when I first got back they were talking about in Houston like putting and I'm like well they can't have all the kids back in school at the same time because there's like literally no way like those classrooms used to be so
crowded so they have to have some kind of like half, one half in school, half online and maybe switch off, like you said a couple days I think maybe wait and just do it online and then for now.
but I guess it's harder for some parents to go back to work. You know, not everybody can work on line and stuff. So
There's a lot of people I know that are on care dot com and stuff like that, like climbing like tutors or like nannies, but more so like just to be there with their kids while they're doing their schoolwork to help them out so that they can go to work. And I think they make a market tested and stuff. So maybe if you have any friends let them know that I know care dot com because my friend, she works on there, they do background screens and everything. But I think they test them for covid to before they can work near uh
their
kids.
it's that that in pet care like walking pets and being there. So that because I think a lot of people have been home like their pets are like on a different schedule now and so now they have to leave them at home again and they're like, it's like I don't know what to do. So yeah, there's a lot of those online like um tutoring remote schooling and then take care. So yeah, it's really a lot of more people trying to get certified and stuff. But the good thing about them is like they do background checks and all that good stuff so that's good. You don't have to worry about you know
and then testing.
And I don't think it's that much. I think like everybody has like their own you know certain amount that they charge for stuff like that. But I don't think it's that much because everything I saw and there was like you know $67 uh like an hour or something. Yeah there was a couple in there were like they're just they do like the online where they watch them on language. I don't know if that's that's safe because like if something happened you're here and I'm there. But yeah
so
the little Yeah because my friend she has the she said it was like $30 for the camera that she puts up in her house and then she could see everything that's going on from her phone and she said it was like $40 and they put it three cameras I think around the house. So she can she's like look and she just pulls it up and I saw her sudden playing video games and then she can talk to him from there. She's like hey what are you doing? He's like but yeah.
Yeah. No and if they don't know where they're at then that's even better. But I guess I don't know where they're at than still. Yeah
but you can at least see it from wherever you're at. And then you know if you need to do anything then yeah. So at least they have those things that they're making so that people feel safer when they have to go back to work. That's crazy.
Yeah. I just found it because I was out of work from March to June and then I just found this job so it was pretty cool that I found it because yes that was my savings is getting low and then my friend he just turned 19 so my son and my daughter is 21, she's in the air force so she was okay but my son and I want to
help
her dad with him. So. yeah
she sent Ohio and I cannot think of the name of the base but she's in Ohio right now where she stationed at. Yeah
I have to I think it's Canton. Ohio it's so terrible like she just told me but she calls me so yeah she's been in the air Force for about two years now so she's out of basic and all that and her dad
was an Air Force so that's where she got that from which
is
better.
My.
Yeah. Yeah she loves it. Um
She does like linguistics so she's you know she doesn't have to be out. She's just doing stuff with languages and the way she didn't work like embassies and stuff like that. So not
too
much of a. Yeah. Yeah and she's gonna go go to officer school so that would be yeah
tell people
what to
do.
like telling people what to do. She's been doing this since her brother was young. She's
two years older than him and I swear that she once I had him she thought she was his mom and so he told her you're not my mom.
All
All
I think we did too. Yeah. I think we started like 502 so we're good. Well
it was
nice meeting here.
You too. I'm Giovanna
by the way.