Hi, hang on, my commute. Hang on.
No,
uh, I can see you're very close up. Yeah,
thank you.
I'm Michel
I thought, you know,
having
that,
uh, things are going fine. My son is making me a little nuts. But other than that they're fine. How about you?
No, he's 13 and very, very strong willed.
You heard
it might be better for the world and for him in the long run. Her family living. No, I don't have a week will.
On. Yeah. No, I think I've always had a very strong will since he was very young and I've always known that that's a quality that will definitely serve him well in the long run short run. It's not really given
the,
but anyway, how's it going? What would you do anything fun today?
yeah. Just managing my kids mostly they they're doing remote learning, which is just ridiculous. Um,
yeah, I mean my kids, I think if you have little kids it would be really hard because I don't know how little kids could manage, you know, even just clicking into class and all that. If you have little kids, I think you'd have to be sitting right next to them. The more the issues I have to I have to somehow make give my son his independence but also make sure that he's actually doing what he's supposed to be doing as opposed to playing video games all day on his school device, whatever
how
I
did
it
brutal.
Yeah, no, I think it's awful. I think it's I think it's really hard on them. Um And my kids have, so my kids are doing a hybrid. So there they are in school a couple days a week and then they're at home the rest of the time. Um But they have some teachers who are never in school, so teachers at home zooming into a classroom and two other kids at home, I just cannot imagine how ridiculous that is for them to try to teach. And there's they have someone in, when there's when when for the days when there are kids in school, there's someone in the classroom like just wandering I guess being the disciplinarian.
Fine.
Right. And they probably
have
little
kids.
Yeah. It's ridiculous. And my
son
told me, my son told me that his art teacher is full of remote. I'm like, you know what, kick it up on art. Okay. It's just ridiculous. How can you teach art on zoom?
That's
absurd.
My daughter does ceramics actually, and just on the first day of school she did get a packet and she has to carry it around with her and it's like a couple of pounds Um and it's like plasticine or something because they're not a lot. Normally clay you recycle, you just keep reusing it, they're not allowed to do that this year, which seems absurd to me. Just quarantine the damn
life,
You're not allowed to reuse the clay. So each kid has a very small amount of clay that is their clay for the year. So they have to ration it. So in the meanwhile they're using some other, they have to make projects with plasticine, I'm not even sure what that is. Something like clay, something like plato. Um So they can ration the clay so like until they've made the thing like 15 times and really think they know how
they're
going to do
it then they can use their
just ridiculous.
stupid.
And it really like why can't you reuse the clay just just after a kid uses it, put it somewhere and don't have anyone else use it for a week? Like uh I
want
to make
seem like the clay is going to be covid in festive. Just feel like there's a lot more things to worry about the covid on to play.
Well, because it's ridiculous. That's why it didn't occur to you anyway, whatever.
because
they
only
have
covid
patients. They don't have regular patients. That was your meaning,
my sister,
Well that was
really loud loud.
well, does the train go somewhere good?
Does the train go somewhere good?
Does the train go somewhere good?
it's
mhm We took the train once overnight a couple years ago from Montana to um two Seattle. Uh huh It was kind of cool.
Well
we got to,
we got so it was, it was, it was my because my family of four and we got two rooms like bunk rooms sort of um
and it seemed like it was this big luxury like we were doing this cool thing for the kids to like right on the train and I think they did think it was cool. I thought it was pretty miserable, I don't think I slept one wink. Um So the
idea
of
it was
kind
of cool.
Yeah I think they didn't think it was a little bit cool but the idea of it seemed a lot nicer and the idea than in the reality. So
yeah it was just it was just one night I think we got there in the morning. I can't
remember. It was
beautiful. Yeah, I mean the other problem was that the plan is to be an overnight thing. We thought they'd be cool but we also missed a lot of the pretty scenery because of that. Um So anyway
as it
was
it was
dark
it was
our eyes were closed but there you can see when it's like out the train window.
But no but it's just you know how loud it is going by your house, it's loud when you're on it. So anyway.
that's
where the university is, right, that's why it's familiar
Um
you know my niece goes to school in Georgia and she doesn't go to university of Georgia but I think she spent well I think in normal time she spends every weekend up there because all her friends are there. Uh huh He goes to a smaller school like south of there
I've been bossed outside of boston
you know we live in this.
you're
always
free.
no no it was a coffee and
and no my daughter is a big rock climber so she's at the climbing gym and she won't be home until like I don't know pretty well we'll have dinner like she'll she'll get home late, my husband would probably pick her up. Mhm
well that's
and
well it's hard to feel connected in this weird time to everyone.
Mhm. Yeah I just think it's just with Kobe that's just a weird time people are scared to go out and not supposed to go in each other's houses and all this craziness so what you have, is it smoky where you are still or no?
It was even smokey here for a while, it was pretty freaky.
yeah it was really,
we made
it all the way to boston, it was really all of a sudden one day it was really hazy and we were like what is going on that really kind of freaked me out says
easy,
That's
that sounds really
many things I think
yeah that's something I've been doing actually, I didn't do any today but I've been doing a lot of text banking um just it just makes you feel good to be doing something to get people out to vote. Um
Yeah I did too, but it's pretty
crazy.
they have two roommates,
it's a pretty pretty intense time, we're living through on so many levels.
Yeah I guess so mm
no I think here restaurants opened a while ago first just for outdoor, everything very quickly for limited capacity indoor and I I have no interest in going anywhere near a restaurant. That seems nuts to me.
But
I think so and here it's getting cold a little bit and so I don't know what's going to happen. But my husband we ordered pizza the other night and my husband went in to pick it up and he said he was shocked that like there were people inside the place like it seemed like he seemed to think it was a good amount of people and he couldn't believe it. I just I just think it's ridiculous and it's just I mean people need jobs obviously but they're going to they're the ones that are the most danger the people who are working there. Um Right
I'm not sure they are, I don't know. Um
okay well we need you know economic relief for people for essential workers um to not make them go into dangerous situations. I don't know. I feel like in the paper the last few days I've seen like several things about such and such restaurant was violating some codes of their clothes and such and such restaurant had some staff who were exposed to their closed and like it just seems really dangerous. Just unnecessarily
dangerous.
It's
right. Yeah. No it's increasing everywhere I think right now it's only gonna get worse over the winter. It's not good. I don't know.
more open
here.
I don't know. It's a little hard to imagine. I guess we'll have to see what happens but I don't know people are going to go crazy over the winter if everything's shut down.
That's good.
So you can actually have a, you can actually do a lot of stuff outside which is a lot safer. But that's great.
so you cigarettes will have to be better for you guys
because the summer
is
too hot
wow. Well it's that hot. That's crazy mm.
So have you seen
any
good?
no problem.
So have you seen any good movies or tv or anything and any
that's depressing. Yeah.
Yeah we watched just called
up
um yeah I finished a book called conversations by sally Rooney recently. It's just beautifully written just about just about relationships between people really. Yeah but it was really beautifully written.
Yeah she wrote Normal people if you heard of that like that just came out as a a tv series
to
go
anyway.
Yeah and it was also the book and the series are beautiful just about a relationship between a man and a woman young like High school through there through the 20s.
And so I had read that book and then I saw the show and then this was an older book of hers that I just read. She's a beautiful writer. Which is pretty
now.
Put
your somebody right around. Yeah, maybe a few months ago, like earlier,
novel
about young adults. It's not a young adults. I don't think I think it's adult all things considered young adult fiction, whatever that is. Um Anyway, that's the best thing I've read recently.
How about you?
My husband
my husband is reading that and he is raving about it. You should definitely read it. He says it's really,
loves it. And he says it's really readable. It's not like a heavy book the way you would imagine it to be. He's really
loved.
Yeah, it was just great. All right.
fucking
here
youtube.
Thank you.
Take
care. Goodbye.