Oh see me. Mhm What? Yeah Mhm Hello? How are you?
Can you, can you see me?
Well an officer Too much of a glare.
Oh I'm sorry wow
I don't know, probably the aperture on the camera on this thing I'm sorry um I'm Jason um
um Gosh, where do we begin? I
don't know, I don't know what to say. I just, I just, I'm not that strong conversation list so I like to let, I just like to listen let other people kind of carry things no, are
things
going wherever it is that you live?
Oh sorry, it's too little
Oh I see
well it's better than weak wells you know
I was, I was the type of kid but you know, I was afraid to do everything and I really never, I never progressed out of that if somebody has a will that's too strong I think that's a lot better than them, you know, not going out into the world doing their own thing just personally from my own life experience, but maybe other people looking back would think really differently. Sorry, I'm trying to give words of comfort there, but it's true for my my life's vantage point, I didn't get I didn't get out and get into enough trouble as a kid, you know?
No, around
it's difficult. Yeah. Uh huh.
No, no, I just got to say I I just kind of stayed in relaxed, I didn't have anything to do today. I uh you should go with my friends, there's just we don't get out that often, we don't um try to expose ourselves too much to, you know, whatever danger there is out there with in terms of the illness, but uh I usually go see him and uh he goes to visit his mom, she's got a really nice house um and another part of our city. Um But I haven't I didn't do that today. I just decided to stay in wait to get to talk to you and um relax and take things easy. Maybe I'll cook something later for everyone. What was your day like taking care of your son? Right.
I heard a lot about that. The the stress that it puts on parents.
Do you think it's like for teachers right now? I mean
on the
one
hand
they don't have to
be the disciplinarians. They don't necessarily necessarily have to be the as you know the disciplinarians. But on the other hand how do you get the message through to kids about what you're trying to teach?
Yes I have to manage
their own kids in another room. Probably learning from a different teacher while they're teaching a separate class of kids.
I
don't
I don't
know how that yeah I can have gone very well. I I don't know it's going on for a couple of months now so
they do
it somehow.
I
know
I know it makes it difficult. Low income neighborhoods where you have to have the arts unless the schools are sending the art supplies out. I don't know how they do that, that's
They're
not allowed to use play.
That
sounds
incredibly
onerous,
that sounds incredibly onerous on everyone involved to use
that system rationing of plasticity and or whatever there.
They didn't give
any indication
of why they were why they were doing it that way.
I get it. I get it. If they re use it they're spreading germs. I uh Okay. Has it occurred to me for a second
my roommates mother actually works for a big healthcare provider out here called Omni and I think I think it was within the last few months that they basically because they have nobody coming in. They lost like half of their doctors or providers or something. Maybe I'm getting the story wrong but there's just everything seems like it it took a big steep hit and maybe
things
are
a little bit
better
now.
maybe because people don't want to be exposed to other patients. But I don't know, it's something like that. Maybe it's gotten a little bit better. Have an astronaut.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. We've got this train that comes back. I'm sorry, I apologize,
I
apologize. We lived in this rinky thing, mobile home park and every time I do one of these things the train comes through I have to explain it to people. My fault for being for thought.
What
what did you say?
Yeah well I think that is rushed, I think it's coming off of the coast usually there in that direction so I think it's taking it from off the coast and like san luis obisbo or ella somewhere bringing it into the mainland I'm guessing based on the direction because usually the train runs in that direction so I think it brings good
inland.
What was that experience like? I can't I mean I I wrote a train once from it was only for a few hours from like Wasco to san Francisco or somewhere around there somewhere around the bay area and I can't even barely remember it. I imagine if you had to travel like overnight that that can't have been, it seemed
like
cramped you know?
that's all.
that
just
sounds
kind
of
for kids.
so it just sounds like a very long ride though.
Beautiful
though I'm sure.
Oh because you were asleep
while
it was going
through?
Oh I see, I see,
that makes sense.
Right. Right right. I'm sorry. Um
that's my one train adventure is the one I took from Moscow to see my sister many years ago when I was just a young man and I wanted to visit her. Um She her and her husband but at that time she didn't have any kids and he was her boyfriend and he worked for actually the video game company at the time. What are they called? Blizzard? I think there's something like that the ones that made, what was it Diablo Two or something that he worked on I guess. Something something like that, I can't remember now. I just remember going up there that it's such a wealthy area. The nice cars that all the computer programmers and people had up there. It's such a it's such a beautiful area and so um Well I mean wow I was impressed. That was my train riders and it was it was like flooded. Like parts of the tracks were flooded at the time. Um Yeah I don't know I don't have a whole lot of adventures like that. But that was pretty fun when she got married in Athens years later Athens Georgia and ah stayed in a little bed and breakfast. My mother was there and she was there also a nice town. A very nice town. Good for psychology I guess. The University of
Georgia.
Yeah University of Georgia. Athens a big college town I guess they got those those old bands used to used to uh what were they like? Uh R. E. M. And um B. 50 Twos. And those are pretty much the only major trips I've taken outside of this area we never got around. Like we always terrified of driving on the freeways and highways and stuff. You never really I never really you know took that many trips. I drove to LA once and I lost my license not that long after it. So that was that was it with that. I'm not a great driver. Yeah.
So
Yeah it's uh the place where she lived, I remember her apartment was like uh it's like right next to the woods and you would see these deer every once in a while and there'd be mice, field mice and various animals. And uh it's like so much different than here where everything that we're surrounded by here in Bakersfield is like for just farmlands, there's like so few wooded areas, but over there they just build the city like right into the, into the woods, into the forest or whatever that is there. So ah yeah. Which which city are you from?
Oh wow. I think, I think the last person I spoke with was it was either the last or second to last was in boston was in a a building, you know one of the closer, inside the city, right, He was upstairs a little in an apartment complex, talked about how he had an office just a little while away. Um
So have I interrupted your dinner? I see that you are, you were
eating
like it
looks like oatmeal or something?
I see.
It is so nice to have a nice big family. I mean I just live with two roommates to other guys and we're pretty lonely. We know female companionship and no kids, so we just hang around each other. You know, two of us, me and Joey have some mental issues. So we've got to look out for each other and
but I really wish I had a nice regular, normal family of
loving family to you know, I felt so disconnected from society. Sometimes.
It's very weird and technology takes the place of a lot of things that people used to do. Just like they used to say that air conditioning took the place of when people would sit on porches, right? They would all know each other. Their houses would be close to their neighbors. They sit on the porch is to keep cool that I'll talk there. So they used to say, well the problem is, you know, air conditioning, right? Everybody staying inside their home and now it's, we've got phones, we've got tablets, we've got everything else. Not to mention people are working so much.
Oh yeah the fires, well it's cleared out mostly and the air quality as far as I've checked is much better now. We didn't have orange skies the way they had in san Francisco but we did have very very gray skies. You could basically look directly at the sun it imagines I mean I imagine it looks a lot like um you know there's a description of years ago I read a beautiful mind right with john national talked about how early philadelphia and like very early philadelphia. Industrial philadelphia. It was so polluted that you and this is the childhood he grew up with you couldn't see the sun, it was like a faint dot in the sky like a faint star. And you know you you see cities like Beijing that have been like that for long. So it was, it was like something I don't think anybody here has ever seen. At least most people here haven't seen in quite some time because the air quality, you know at least in places like LA was getting a lot better. Maybe not here. We're surrounded by mountains but that was pretty bad. People were coughing and um,
it carried over the rest of the nation. The winds brought it over the rest of the country. Yeah,
it looks like that in the footage and you could see it over Washington over I think even over new york, I don't remember.
But
and they're bad. There's
still there's still some fires going on. There's a huge one in colorado and I people say was it forest management or is it climate change? And I'm guessing it's both. But I think they have to do something clear out, clear out old wood or or you know, do something to scrub the air. I was telling a friend about how I saw, you know, there's a place in Canada where they have this project to like scrub the carbon out of the air and turn it into additional fuel. I forget what it's called, I
forget the name of the city to I wish, I wish I remembered but
and yeah, to make it a kind of renewable fuel because it costs so much money, the process to take the carbon out of the air that they have to turn it back into fuel. But it's are they going to have to do something? Okay.
Yeah. Things are certainly changing very quickly. It's like there was a lot of anger that people thought was hyped up and it turns out people really were angry. They're really there really is a great divide amongst people in the country. That we have to do something to bring people together.
Ah I don't know what I can do in that arena. Actually voted early here. They had voting early. Uh I'm sure they have this in most states now but you know the beginning of october I send the ballot so I voted already.
They have
these surveys on this other side that said, will you will you promise to notify three friends, you know have them vote and all that kind of stuff. I don't think I know three friends to call and tell them that.
Yeah, I have them. Yeah, they voted to. So yeah. We already knew.
Yeah. I hope things change for the better instead of the worst. You never really know. You just know that we're no longer standing still. Um
do you want you know the we went from like code uh the purple tier two, like the red tear here. So like something like movie theaters have opened again in restaurants which sounds pretty dangerous to me. But do you watch movies, is there anything that they're even releasing in theaters? I thought everything was coming out on a you know streaming services now because of when it happened you know there's pretty much no other theaters open anywhere else in the country.
They
said that's where most people that's the thing that's most dangerous isn't it?
workers but at least they're paying them more now in some place in some instances.
Well they were for a while like $2 more in some places. Some some some some uh supermarket chains, things like that. That was kind of a nice change I think considering the risk though, probably still not worth it.
I haven't had any anywhere.
It's always like roaches and things that they're always closed for here, which is really disgusting. I haven't seen any restaurants closed for covid exposure. I'm sure that happens. I don't know. There's got to be contact
tracing it back to restaurants here somewhere and I know we have like, you know, we're up to like 75 new cases a day in the county. So it's increasing here too despite the fact that they reduce the, you know, whatever you call it, the tier level.
It sounds ah we're
in for
more of a rough spell I guess as a country and individually before, before things get better right next. The next half a year will be kind of maybe even worse than the first nine months of this year was.
Yeah. Doesn't get very cold here and with the weather it
this year they say with the la nina it's not going to get very cold at all. Um You know it's like a what in the upper eighties here and already? Late october right so it's upper eighties I mean get into the hundreds in the summer it's kind of a hot area but yeah it's going to be an even hotter winter than normal song.
Well I mean not when it's yeah in the winter
it
would be
probably.
Yeah. Yeah that's the time of year. It's safe to go out right 115 degrees in summer it's uh you better be in your house or your place of work or your car. Um That's that's pretty bad for you to stay out there for even a minute.
So. Uh.
Sorry
about
that noise of the mail truck. That's the mail coming. Sorry for all the noises I apologize.
Thank you very much.
Mike told me to watch that thing on netflix, Hubie Halloween. But I didn't like the beginning that much so it turned it off. I just watched the news mostly.
know these characters remind me too much of me. Yeah. Uh huh.
Do you read
do you read any interesting do you read any books you read anything interesting lately?
conversations by sally Rooney.
No, I'm so
sorry,
I haven't heard of that. And it's
called Normal People.
Oh I think I heard I think I saw a review of that when it first came out a couple of months back. Yeah.
It came out as a series on like hulu or netflix
or
something.
Well this is like a young adults novel, I think. Right. Something like
that.
That
sounds way more uplifting than the kind of things that I read. I mean, I just read mostly short stories and stuff, but I um I was thinking of reading a kind of heavy reading for me, but the one about cast, I thought that's an interesting way of looking at race relations one
about.
So, I think I want to read that next. Ah
like
the last thing I read was just an investing thing, like, like Warren Buffett's favorite investor or something. And I think that's never going to be a practical use for me. I'm probably not going to be an investing genius. So this I'd like to I'd like to find out about.
All right. All right. I guess that's our 25 minutes or more. It's
good to
talk to you. Thank
you very much. You're very
Thank
you.
Okay. You too. Bye.