Hello mm can you hear me?
Yes we're good. Hi how are you?
Good good. My name is Trudy. What's your name?
Mark? So Mark Missing. Get mine go. Are you in the States? Where do you live?
Ohio.
Okay I'm in Houston texas so we're not not too far away.
That's
good.
my God it's like 95 and like 70% humidity. It's it's horrible.
In
Ohio?
Oh my gosh that's horrible. Yeah it's been really bad. How about how's how's coronavirus in your area?
The
carry?
In Houston it's it's rising people are out of control I think. Yeah I'm I'm not looking forward to the holiday weekend honestly. Yeah
like I'm in my house I'm like oh my gosh yeah sorry are you working from home?
Okay let's not too bad. Yeah my husband just they had been um I guess at home for I don't know for a couple of months and then they just went back I think maybe for two weeks maybe not even that long and now they're back home again which I'm glad because He worked on the 34th 31st floor in a big high rise and so
all I could think of was all the people touching everything and it's like no.
well that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I work from home, I've been working from home for about I guess five years now and so it's just kind of been the same old same old for me. Uh But now the husbands and everybody's home all the time so.
Yeah I know I like having him home actually, it's nice and it saves him probably two hours of drive time. I don't know what the Ohio I don't know what the whole Ohio traffic is like Houston traffic is horrible.
How
old are your kids? Yeah.
Oh that those are fun ages. Uh huh. Fun
ages. I remember those. Yeah my my kids are all grown and I've got a six year old grandson and a granddaughter that's about a year and a half. So yeah they're at the fun age 10 and seven, that's when they start becoming their own person and uh
become obstinate and you know they're pushing their boundaries and like I remember those days
you have a boy and a girl or both girls.
Oh that's you know that's actually not too bad. I I had my oldest is a boy and then I and two girls and so um I think maybe the girls were I don't know two boys can be a handful,
at least they
entertain,
they entertain
themselves.
it really is. And the schools here in in texas um they don't know how they're doing it in Ohio but they seem like a pack at home electronically and the expectation is for the parents to kind of go through all this stuff and it's just my daughter is like that my daughter is like yeah I don't have time to do that. I don't have six hours to spend doing this stuff and she's working she's in she's in dental so she works um at an orthodontist office, she's an assistant. And so yeah so are they doing a good job in Ohio as it comes to as it relates
to schooling?
Where?
Yeah I'm curious to see what they're gonna do for the school year. Um Because I certainly don't think that they should advance the kids right? I mean um
at least here in Houston I don't feel like they had a school year at all. I mean but I guess everybody's kind of dealing with that. So I'm not I'm curious as to I don't think that they're going to go back to school in august. I just don't see that happening.
I don't know.
it's
trying
to get people
to school.
No,
thank
you. So
we'll
see. Yeah, I worry more about the teachers, I can't imagine. Um and the schools here in Houston are huge, like the um
the elementary schools got, I don't know, maybe 1500 kids in the high school that my kids
graduated from is like 3500 kids in high school. And so I can't even imagine. Yeah, if you think about your one teacher And you've got 700 kids that may be passing stuff to you every day. I just, I don't I don't know that you could pay me to want to do that. Um
I don't know. So what, we'll see how it goes. I but like everyone, they want the kids to go back to school because they're kind of a pain in the butt right now
and they're bored and uh
I don't know, it's 2020. It's been weird.
Let's go to a
small
break
your school.
So that
Oh wow, that Well that's that's good though. I went to I grew up in Louisiana and I think my high school graduation class was a couple 100 people. So yeah, so I think we probably had 800, maybe 800 kids total in the school
and it was like a for a school. So it was a big school for Louisiana at the time. Uh But
nothing compared to the schools here. All right, there 3500 kids in one school. Yeah. Cool. So how long have you been doing prolific stuff. Okay.
I have, I haven't I hadn't looked into that. I've heard of it. I have a couple of different things, like prolific that I do. Do you find that you like mturk
started
quite
well?
Okay. Yeah, I do. Um, I've had a couple of different companies, so I do, um, there's a, what's it called? Play can play cloud testing and so you test, um, software, like new new games and stuff that I that I do everyone's while and prolific. I kind of, I guess I've been doing it for. Gosh, how long? At
least a year? I, I kind of have spurts where I'll do it for a while and then I'm like, okay, maybe don't do it for a month and then I'll do it and I'm back to going, okay, I have time to kind of mess around and I've only done this is like, I think like the third video kind of chat that I've had, The last one I had was like five of us, all over the world. I can't remember what we were doing. Yeah. Um and I tried to do this one last time, this is the second time has come around and I somehow missed the email that told me when my time was and so I was like, okay, uh huh, But I figured I'd be talking with somebody in the states at 3:00, so I was like, I was like, what else do we have to do? Yeah,
yeah, I was like, you know, I like, I like chatting and I normally, um, I teach english to chinese and Russian kids and so I'm always online teaching and a lot of times I can teach and depending upon what I'm teaching, um I can kind of answer prolific on the side during, during the break. So I've got okay, click click, click and teach, teach, teach. And so, um I'm kind of the queen of side gigs. It's like, you know, a couple dollars here. I do. Uh I do sort of like game testing apps and so that's been fun. But nothing. I mean it's not big money, but it's fun, you
know?
Mm hmm. Yes. Is it the same type of stuff?
Is it,
is it
yeah. Is it like, is it research stuff like prolific Kosor is mturk more people just need you to do certain
things.
I I think I've probably done 25 covid surveys on prolific because everybody seems to want to know how you're feeling about that. And I guess political stuff. I've seen a lot of stuff about political stuff lately and so. Uh huh.
guess there was an interesting
one and maybe you saw one of these, I had one, it's been a couple of months back and it was a language one and I had different pictures that associated with words and then I had one that um it showed me a bunch of photos um
and then it kind of made me ask how I was feeling. So every once a while it would show like a person with a gun. It's like I was like okay uh so some of these some of these researches, I'm like what are they actually doing? You know it's
it's like mm
yeah I'm like wow okay, this is very interesting. But yeah, so what do you what do you do if I may ask for a living?
Well yes.
Oh that's interesting, wow.
So
are
you are you um you do like actuarial work, are you doing the numbers side of things or you kind of helping with kind of like maybe the civil engineering side?
That's cool. That's interesting. How'd
you get into that?
That's it. Huh.
Oh that's interesting. So how long have you been doing it?
Oh wow. Yeah. Well that's interesting. That's that's it's always good to be able to stay with the company and I always always I always think about even with Houston with our roadway and everything. I just think whoever has this job to try
to keep up with all of this because it's it's madness. And so do you also report like on um just the highways and the development piece of
the plane?
That's cool. I bet you made a lot of interesting people and I guess you get at least be in the in the meetings maybe not interacting with a lot of the mayor types and and board members and whatnot. What's interesting.
Well that is interesting. I guess it keeps you kind of in the on the pulse of things and all the kind of new things that are happening. That's interesting. Yeah Houston is such a Houston is such a big city. I just it's it seems crazy to think about what your type of job would be. Um I mean we're working We're four million people I guess within the city limits and it's The R. one or 1 interstate i. 10 is 24 lanes
right? It's ridiculous I mean but it doesn't it doesn't feel like it's that big but when I kind of take a step back and I think okay we've got like the four um high occupancy, the H. O. V. Lanes and then you've got like four lanes and four lanes and it's 24 bloody lanes. It's it's it's really it's amazing when you think about it. Um
and I've been here I guess we've been in Houston for how long we've been here 18 years. And so uh it's still amazing with the way that they kind of plow through new construction. There's always there's always something some road that's being worked on and so you just kinda have to know. Huh interesting. So you said you're in Toledo, is that what you said you were in? Ohio. Okay. Okay.
And so Ohio gets like super cold like you have like horrible winners.
If
we left in my husband and I were both in the military when we when we met and we one of the last places that we were not one of the last but we were in Kansas and Kansas was snowy and it was hot but it was a dry hot um at all your cameras like I don't see you anymore but I guess I hear you. Are you still there?
that that their network is a little flaky. Um I'm not sure what's going on. All I see is like um your little figure there and so are you are you seeing the same? But I
don't actually
see you at all but I can tell that um I hear your voice.
I don't know. I I I pay a lot for because I teach my mind so I always like yeah I know it's not me because I've got like I may
as well be gig gigi with what I pay for for my uh my internet. Uh Oh cool.
So now I've got I've got you have like a little shadow dude, almost like this little gray avatar now instead of you. That's really weird.
Oh I do yeah in the bottom right hand corner I see in your screening it's got like red bars. Um So maybe that means that there's it's internet related but I think that there uh whatever server that they're going through maybe a little a little clue gee.
Uh huh. Uh Yeah I'm a tiki I'm an I. T. Person at least. That's that's what my my trade has been for a while. Um And I I left doing that full time about five years ago. Um So now I kind of do I do a lot of different things. I
do I. T. I
do go ahead.
They
voted into one.
Alright there we go. Now you're back. That's interesting. Yeah. Okay now you're I see you again. Yeah. Yeah my husband um he finished his PhD in math I guess about a year ago and he's working for a small family owned oil company. And they brought on this other guy and I think he's got like an M. B. A. In um like geology but but the I. T. Guy like quit and so they were like hey yeah and
my my husband's boss was like so Juno sharp point and I'm like yeah don't don't say you know anything and like because you're not you're not trying to be a mathematician that's doing
I. T. Work that doesn't seem like a good fit.
It's like yeah just you know so the other guy is like I don't know maybe 40% of his duties are like IT. like like what like like yeah that's that's a recipe for disaster. It's like
he's kind of learning things and he's like making decisions but I'm like you know I guess he's a smart guy but yeah like
I'm like he and then of course when he got hired they looked at um So I would think that a geologist would probably get paid more than an I. T. Person. And so for the 20 or 30% that he's I. T. That goes to the I. T. Wage. And so it's it's like a weighted average like yeah you don't want anything here. That was
like no but yeah my husband to come home and he'll say yeah this and this is happening like why doesn't make any sense? It's like you know I almost want to come in and ask if I can fix things for him and I'm like
I don't really want to do that. Like I I I worked for I worked for the man I worked for Exxon mobil for 13 years as a project manager and I finally was like yeah I'm tired of this was like I I don't want to I'm tired of going into work every day and driving an hour and a half. And so uh
I've been working from the house for too long. It's hard for me it's hard for me to think of actually getting dressed up and
in fact um one of my students, I've got this this girl that I've been teaching and she's in Beijing um and I was wearing this shirt today and she's like that looks like it's a pajamas shirt is and I was like yeah actually I was like but it was it was so comfortable, I don't want to take it off a day. And I was like yeah I'm wearing my pajamas. She like she didn't mean to like bust me out. My husband was laughing about it. I was like you know, I was like does this look like vagina top? I said I guess it must.
I was
like
I was like I get up way too early, I'm up at like 5 30 it's like I'm not trying to get super dressed up to teach english to kids in china. So yeah but
she
no it's full on immersion and so um when they're little it can be really um uh what's the word? It can be, it can be really hard. Um And some of the the the chinese parents are much more um uh they want their kids to be, Education is really a big deal, so they'll put like a three or four year old in front of the computer. And I've had times where the kid has like cried or not said anything the whole and I teach for like 30 minutes. And so I'm like, I like dance and doing things. I'm like, oh my God, I hate I hate teaching them, I don't hate, but the younger ones require a lot of energy, right? And I'm just like, And when they just sit there and they're like looking at you, you're like, you're like uh and I've had I had 11 time where the little girl like cried for like 20 minutes and I was like, Oh
God, there wasn't anything that I could do and all and all I could think of was, you know, you could just turn it off. The little girl doesn't have to go through this. It seems like torture. Um But I've got My my good age group is about 7-13 and I've got some kids, I've been teaching for about three years and I chat with their parents and with them on their facebook is called Wechat they don't have access to
and so we'll chat and send things and so uh but yeah and the little girl that busted me out about being in my pajamas today, I mean I've taught her I've taught her probably 2.5 years now and so she's she's a cutie and she's she's a really
smart alec too, I love that about her,
it's
one on one I had worked when I first started doing this I had worked for a company where I have up to four kids and I was like yeah I mean you have one kid that has like I. T. Issues you know and then that kind of messes up the whole class or you have you have one little kid that just wants to goof off and then they all kind of jumping on that and it's like oh jeez and I was like there's just not enough money to do this. And so and sometimes one on one is I'm like I'm so glad I only teach like 30 minutes at a time, it's like some days it's like oh yeah and so and now I teach um I've got several kids there in Russia, I had one that was in Israel um I had another one, it was in Austria and it's it's it's different but it's fun to get to kind of know the kids. Um But yeah it's I never knew until I quit working in corporate America that teaching english was such a big a big thing and that there is a huge
market for online tutoring
and and the company that I teach out of um with china is like the biggest english language company, it's called V. I. P. Kid. And there I think there are probably were like 80,000 teachers. Um and and the company's maybe seven years old.
It's not it's not very old at all and they kind of just they skyrocketed and try to take kind of the market share and then they've done they've done a good job. There's some strange things about the company and you know once you kind of get your mind set on what to expect it's like okay you know here's what you do and uh it's like anything else you kind of get used to it. But
it's it's been fun. I'm at a point now though that I'm like you know it's been about three years and I don't know I want to do this forever, it's it's nice and I can stay at home and so I I do a lot of I. T. Stuff I do web stuff and I do event planning. I'm on the board of the nonprofit and so I and I'm a photographer so I try to you know, but the teaching thing I've been getting up but five o'clock earlier for like the last three years and I'm not I'm not a morning person. Like I'm still I still go to bed at like 12, 1 o'clock at night. And I I thought that when I first started this this job I was like I'll eventually go to bed by 9 30 10 o'clock. And it's like no it's like that never happened. So I I don't know. That's why I've gotten used to a few hours of sleep and then I catch up on the weekends and so you know, I don't know. But I'm not leaving the house. I don't have to drive three hours a day. I don't have to deal with the corporate stuff.
So yeah, none of the bureaucracy, none of the dancing for people. And I'm like
I'm like been there, done that now. My husband can take over and he can work in oil and gas and so
I'm happy for him. Yeah.
I'm like it's your it's
your
turn
now honey. I'm going
to stay home and find
myself.
I'll
sing songs and teach teach english to chinese and Russian kids like and you know, and I laughed because I'm like the two countries. So I teach chinese. So I'm every
day I'm online with china and with kids in Russia and I'm like, yeah, I have no secrets. They couldn't get anything from me if they wanted to like like, oh my go ahead. Good luck. I don't have access to anything that's important. So All right, well shoot we've I think we've been online for like 20, almost 27 minutes. What do you have?
Yeah. Yeah. Not that I wouldn't want to talk with you any longer, but why time
is
money?
I gotta figure how we're gonna get out of here though. I don't let's see. We
just have
to go
to, What did it say? It said leave this. Shoot. It's not even like an exit button. Is are
we just I wonder if we just go back And it also there is a big thing that told us not to do something. Let's see
lot of crap. Uh Don't close until you're completely finished with your conversation. Okay. Uh huh.
That's what it sounds like. Well, I guess that's because I don't see anything else that says leave the other.
Yeah. So it just looks like we can just x out of it. I guess. I guess we'll keep our fingers crossed and
hopefully that, well it was great chatting with you
um Stay safe. Okay.
All