Yeah. Right. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm That Mhm Okay. Oh, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Well, you can't be in here when I do this thing. I have to be quiet so get out of here because it's gonna start soon. Make sure you get your stuff ready though. What is mom? Yeah, an hour, hour and a half. But I want you ready to go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Right. Yeah. Yeah. Until we get enough for everything, some, some cost, you know, they got another call. Oh, mhm. This yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. What? Uh huh Oh, mm hmm. Yeah,
I can hear you. Can you hear me?
I'm good. How are you?
My name is Mark.
I am in Ohio uh
near Toledo.
not
too
far. How's the temperature down there?
Well actually actually we're about the same right now, so having a big
heat
wave up here. Yeah.
Uh Where I met, I live in a pretty rural area, so we don't have a lot here, but if you go to the next
county
over it's pretty bad. Uh huh.
I kind of got the same feeling as you.
For the most part, yeah, I work in an office that only has about 20 of us, but we're only allowed to have a couple of people in the office at a time, so I go in one day a week.
He
Yeah, we only got 20 people and I'm glad my boss is kind of uh afraid of germs, so he's like, nope, only a couple of people allowed in his son.
so you're used to it?
The traffic isn't bad, but I do live about an hour from home, so that's the one good thing, but I'm also at home with two kids that are pretty young, so I've been home alone with them for three or four months, I'm ready to go back to work.
No,
I have a 10 year old and a seven year old.
that's all right,
definitely.
Oh yeah, they definitely do that.
Two boys, mm.
no,
I
can understand. Yes, I'm
quite,
yeah, that is true. They they definitely entertain themselves and it's probably been too much of sitting in front of screens for the last three months, but it's kind of hard to work and keep them busy too, so
I believe
they're doing a good enough job, I guess. I was what, what they can do. I I don't know what else they can do.
It seems like my my I'm glad they're done with school now that the summer, but my first grader had so much work to do and they weren't getting any teaching over the computer, so I was doing pretty much all of it myself. It was getting overwhelming. So I'm glad that's done.
Yeah.
They,
we just had a governor just talk today. I didn't haven't read all about it yet, but he's trying
to
get people
into school
number of
times
so
we'll
see.
Again,
chest
huh.
I guess they are.
Very much. Yeah.
Let's go to a
parochial
school,
so
the
biggest class, the hairs is 30 people. So we got that going for us.
Water.
Yeah.
I'm fairly new to this. Um I have you heard of mturk stuff?
Well I've been doing having Turkey for three or four years now and so I've
made quite a bit of much, quite
a bit of much money
doing that, but since I got, since all this stuff happened, there's less and less stuff to do on mturk. So I found about prolific and that's why I found out about this stuff.
Well,
That's pretty easy. $15?
No.
Uh that stuff I do an enteric, I make 70 cents here, $2 there
dollars
I found.
Was that
What?
I, I think it has both. I'm doing mostly the research stuff because there's a bunch of, you can go out there and do a penny hit and you get a look at the picture and say it was wrong with it or something like that. So there's a whole bunch of those, I don't take the time to do those. I'm, if I'm gonna sit down and do a survey, I'd rather sit down for 10 minutes and make a dollar, a dollar 50 and be done with it.
yep. Entry has the same thing. Yeah,
it's
Mhm.
It's
surprising they give out money for the, some of these things that they do,
that's fine. Um it's, it's kind of a weird job. I work for a planning organization if you've ever heard of a metropolitan planning Organization. Um We do transportation planning for a couple of counties up here that we get money for bridges and roads and we collect data.
Okay. Crash data and stuff like that. That's that's kind of stuff I work on. Okay.
It
is,
it's
I'm more of the data collector and then I kind of take that data and we make maps out of it. We make charts to put it on our website for people to take a look at it. Right?
Picture
um I was in school for engineering but I had a towards the end of when I was graduating I found out about the planning. I had never heard of that, I got interested in that and a job came up and I've
worked my way up.
I just started my 17th year there.
Two.
little
bit. Yeah. Yeah We do long range planning as well so we're trying to think 30 years in the future what needs to be done. So we're all over the place with what we do.
yeah we can do a lot of interesting people and we have all these different committees as well that we work with. So we have transit committees, we have pedestrian bike committees so there's different people and all these little committees and they all have their are a little bit different but it's interesting to see their thoughts on this stuff too.
jeez.
My.
Yeah.
So yes it gets really cold here. We do get considerable snow but we're on the right side of the or the
I guess with the west side of the lake. So the way to the east side of Ohio on the other side of the lake gets a lot more snow than we do. But yes it does get very cold here clippers.
Yeah I'm still here. You keep going in and out to uh
That's
good
but I can see you um and I can hear you just right
And.
Okay.
That is really weird my and that might be partly my problem I guess because where I live I'm in a rural area so the only internet option we have is satellite internet usually is pretty well. But uh
could be,
I'm
actually
in my office I I'm I'm the I. T. Guy as well although I don't know enough about I. T. To really be the I. T. Guy
but we need an I. T. Guy so
yeah I realized I think actually.
Okay.
All
No.
It is
from,
No.
All right.
Yeah. I don't blame you.
I don't blame you there. It's gonna be hard when I go back to work here eventually to do the same.
Nothing
wrong
with that.
So
like when you teach kids and you're teaching those kids in china do you have to know their language first before you do that?
jeez.
That, yeah.
huh.
Are you teaching
them one on 1 or as a couple of students?
And
I've always heard of her. Yeah.
jeez,
Be interesting though. Yeah.
That is
You're right.
Bird.
Fine.
I
have
to.
That's
whatever
works
I guess.
but
Yeah. That's what about what I got to?
I
completely
agree.
That
is
true.
No, there isn't.
Right. That's what I'm trying to read what it says right now.
I think you just closed it then, probably.
No, I don't see anything. You know, there's not even a pause or anything on here.
All
You,
too have a
good day.