SPEAKER_R: Okay, okay, okay, mm hmm, Good morning,
SPEAKER_L: Hey, good morning. How's it going? Yeah. All right. You hear me? You know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you just fine. So
SPEAKER_R: name is jay, how about you,
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad.
SPEAKER_R: brian? Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: So where are you? Where are you living?
SPEAKER_R: right now, where you are right outside the district in alexandria.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um I'm living in florida. I live in Sarasota, but I commute three days out to the but to the panhandle.
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: that's where I am now.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, you commute for work? Mm What do you do? You
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: don't mind me asking me
SPEAKER_L: so I'm a disaster case manager
SPEAKER_R: book,
SPEAKER_L: with Vincent de paul services and we are we're still helping out with Hurricane Michael, which was two years ago, actually, over two years ago now. But I'm really excited right now because I just got an email that says that someone has a travel trailer and I've got someone who's living in a shed and filth that I can get into that. And uh but that's gonna be
SPEAKER_R: that's great.
SPEAKER_L: a huge, huge weight off off of my back. And I mean those sometimes sometimes it's a really, really tough job because funding um funding has been difficult to find and normally to be volunteer teams and look like that. But you know with uh with the pandemic, no no volunteer teams so no inside work getting done.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's great news. I'm really glad to hear that you got that trailer.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. So what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I am a painter by trade house painter.
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: I went to school for graphic design and I did that for about five years and I just got disillusioned with it, didn't, didn't really like uh and I didn't really like the work, I was good at it. I just didn't find it fulfilling at all. Um believe it or not, I am so much more fulfilled painting walls. I think it's the immediate gratification of coming in and seeing something that doesn't look so hot
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and by the end of the job it looks top notch, you know, I really like that.
SPEAKER_L: okay, so we had we had house painters. Um this must have been uh three or four years ago every three. Um they had diluted the paint so and then they were putting on just like 11 coach, it looked horrible. The first class we did um immediately after they painted it rained and you could see the like the blue puddling down around the
SPEAKER_R: jeez
SPEAKER_L: mm around there. Yeah, it was that was that was crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's not something that's ever supposed to happen. Ever supposed to cut paint, not supposed to paint if the surface is gonna get rain and uh you know before it has time to cure and dry, it's interesting there's a lot of like little things that you do need to know to to be able to do it well, like at the professional level. Um and I can't tell you how many paint jobs I've gotten called too because they had somebody else who said they were a professional painter come in and then there they're like I'm not happy with this work at all. Like it's it's you
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: know bubbling already or I mean I've seen,
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like 10% of the jobs we get our, fixing other people's screwups, it's astonishing how people will come in and say I'm qualified to do this and then do a terrible job, Like a terrible job. What exist? They're out there. Is it scary?
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know, we've we've had the same thing with with contractors down here where you know after the hurricane, people were just desperate for someone to do the work. And so the contractor would come in and they would uh they wouldn't do do do do diligence, they were just they were desperate and so they pay the guy someone something up front come and start to start the work um disappear or say I need more money for this disappear or do shoddy job. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: We had a
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: similar situation up here with Sandy a uh made some sort of change to the requirements for contractors, like just
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: after Sandy because there was so much damage and it was so dead
SPEAKER_L: from their workday
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: power?
SPEAKER_R: it ended up that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: ended up badly for a lot of the homeowners because they weren't vetting the contractors the way they traditionally are headed. I think it was an insurance thing. Maybe they weren't required to have insurance, like they typically are. I can't remember exactly, but almost exactly the same story where it was a whole bunch of, you know, Sandy was a really bad
SPEAKER_L: 100.
SPEAKER_R: storm,
SPEAKER_L: I'm.
SPEAKER_R: a whole bunch of damage, a whole lot of, you know, stuff. And then a year or two later there was a rash of people who were like, this is unbelievable. I gotta, you know, I paid this guy to do this thing and it's not done, he did half of it or didn't do any of it and disappeared. It's just and
SPEAKER_L: There's no no lawyer is going to go across state lines to chase down the the the perpetrator and and that's what I found from from legal services down here. Uh huh. Yeah that
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: once once that's done it's done and so we have to be real careful to get the license licensed contractors, we only uh will only use florida license contractors. Nobody that's uh that's out of stage, I mean you know they could be it could be great but we don't know. In fact I always call the same guy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the way to go.
SPEAKER_L: I know he does a good job, he does it does good work and everything. Um
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: So what um
SPEAKER_R: of that legal stuff gets really, really
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: interesting and really, really strange. I was talking to my wife the other day about trump and how I know that I've heard one of the techniques, if you want to call it that, that he used when he was doing doing business because he would hire hire people on to do a job. They would, you know, do the job. And then he would say, oh, you did it, you did a terrible job, I'm not going to pay you the rest of the balance that I owe you or whatever. And that this became so common a tactic for him that he was having difficulty like getting contractors to do work for him. And I know that there is a thing within the law that you can be marked of vexatious litigant basically as you're, you know, you're suing people left, right and sideways, just trying to get money and the courts basically say you're not using these lawsuits correctly, that's not what they're designed for and we're not going to allow you to bring any suits against other people. Yeah, I was wondering if there was any sort of mechanism for like that in reverse, like what trump does, where he basically says, I'm not going to agree, I'm not going to fulfill my end of the contract, screw you. You can take me to court if you want. I was I was I was thinking like that it would make sense that there should be some kind of mechanism prevent people from employing that strategy.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: But I couldn't come up with anything and I'm not aware of anything, but it just seems like uh seems like
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: loophole that needs to be closed, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. There are there are weird things in the legal code and all that. So what you're drinking coffee?
SPEAKER_R: Coffee, coffee, coffee. How about you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just spilled it in my shirt but okay two I put too much creamer in it today, so it's a little too sweet. But so what so it goes how do you how do you drink yours?
SPEAKER_R: I usually do a little bit of honey and a little bit of creamer. How about you
SPEAKER_L: Honey is good, I'm just just the just
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: the creamer um
SPEAKER_R: you make your own coffee or do you go out and pick it up? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I make my own it's too too much cheaper.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Sam We gotta invested in a pretty nice coffee maker. It's nothing it's super fancy now. You can set the timer so that it will brew for you in the morning and it makes a decent cup, it's so much cheaper than even like the la la or you know the convenience store coffees.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even even when they're, even when they're only charging a dollar a coffee, it's still a lot cheaper. Uh Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you're right.
SPEAKER_L: All right, knocked the lid off there. Um Yeah, so, uh um I got a french press um
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: incident. That's what I do. Um Then 11 of my housemates, uh, his girlfriend broke, broke my french press. Um I'll pay you for it. I'll pay you back for it. Yeah, mm
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: hmm. Um So
SPEAKER_R: right,
SPEAKER_L: I bought another one, but I know exactly when I bought a goodwill, so
SPEAKER_R: there you go. Good deal. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: no, he's good. Well, man.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I love it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, all right. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Get a good deal if I can, you know, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: right on right on. I was wearing this shirt yesterday. Um and one of my, one of my colleagues was uh
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: several of these shirts in there, like, like 100 and $5200 for the shirt who pays that? But
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I got mine for that goodwill for 4 99.
SPEAKER_R: there you go. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: It's in perfect shape and I'm I'm all about that,
SPEAKER_R: you two can't beat that. You have any big plans for this weekend coming up? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Um I have my kids uh my kids for the weekend um and one day we'll go hiking and I think we go to the beach the other day. If it's warm enough, it's right now up here in the Panhandle, it's kind of chilly. I mean for for florida standards. Um I mean, you know, I got up and running and it was 40 so actually wear long sleeves one usually in the afternoon. It's pretty awesome. And uh in in Sarasota, it's 20 degrees warmer than up here right now. So uh
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: then I have the kids for the whole thanksgiving weekend Wednesday through sunday.
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: And I had this uh well they were supposed to have off school longer, but with covid pushing school back and all that that cut some days off. So I was pointing a epic road trip with with the kids. Um but
SPEAKER_R: that's not gonna happen,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not going to happen in in five days. You know, I wanted to take them up to see see family and um it's like I don't know 14 14 hour drive. Um and that's not thanksgiving traffic. So you know I can I can do that in a day but I can't handle being in the car
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: long,
SPEAKER_L: long. Yeah. So it would mean it would mean two days of driving meaning you know, I wouldn't even get there on thanksgiving be there on friday and then turn around and drive back saturday sunday beats 22 hotel rooms and got four kids and it's already happening. Uh You know, I'd have to lie and say no, no it's only uh only three of us um mm sneak the others in.
SPEAKER_R: what, where do you said? 14 hour drive? Where do you have family?
SPEAKER_L: Uh My family is in indiana in the Indianapolis area.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting. My grandmother lives in florida uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: kissing me and has family in Indiana. She's originally from indiana as well,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Do you know what part of indiana?
SPEAKER_R: I don't she was just there like two weeks ago and I spoke with her because she was supposed to come out to pennsylvania to visit my mother, My family's from P. A. Um and she was going to come out to pennsylvania after indiana and then contracted um covid out in indiana so she had quarantine there and then went directly back to florida after that. But I don't I don't recall where in indiana she's from.
SPEAKER_L: Um It was funny the other day um I was I was with a friend and my mom was on the phone and we were just you know we were talking and my mom asked this this person or this person asked my mom where she's from and where she lives and she said Indianapolis this woman said oh my my father my parents are from Indianapolis and my father worked at this factory called Alison. It was a tool and die maker. And my mom just on the other end going my father worked with Alison. Um And so you know just this small world I'm correct. Um You know I've I've traveled a lot and there are a lot of things that do make it a small world. For example, I was in I was in Russia and I saw a child wearing the T shirt from the kokomo indiana, a library reading club. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: And and I knew it was kokomo indiana. It wasn't just some other Wildcats reading club because the kokomo the cat is spelled with a K. For coca. No, and I've seen my neighbor kids wearing the same shirt.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Wild, we went to boston one time and
SPEAKER_L: Her.
SPEAKER_R: we were in a in a line at a Starbucks to use the restroom and and some guys you know got my attention excuse me, excuse me I guess I was wearing a shirt or a jacket or something that said like Bucks County on it and he's like are you from Bucks County? And I was like oh yeah you know I live in Warminster
SPEAKER_L: You are.
SPEAKER_R: and he's like we're from Doylestown, how about that? You know it really is a small world, I haven't I haven't visited outside of the country but I've been to a number of states within the United States, I love to travel. Where else have you been?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I've been I've been to Germany twice um once right after graduating high school and the I think the highlight of that was I mean this was 1919 nineties, so it was immediately after um beam our was
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: hurts.
SPEAKER_L: wall was open and we were there when they shut down checkpoint charlie, the famous east west checkpoint. So we got some some good pictures and it was a good time climbing on the wall,
SPEAKER_R: all right, that's correct.
SPEAKER_L: wondering hammer and chiseling pieces off. My sister has a big chunk of of the wall like you know, probably a foot long
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: and yeah, so I've been to Mexico, I've been to the western caribbean a couple of times um and um Russia and uh England,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my brother lives in London. Um and then I lived in Zambia for 5.5 years.
SPEAKER_R: wow, how is that? But
SPEAKER_L: things were, it was slow to get things to happen. I mean, you know if you if you plan your day and you know you have a day off, you want to you want to do this, this this this this then you plan your route to go these and you know, maybe one place doesn't have something okay Zambia, you playing that same thing? I want to do this. This you get to one and you end up standing and waiting there for three or four hours and then okay now I gotta go back so I can get the kids from school um and you're only getting one thing done. Um So it took me after I did after I went through all the hoops to give example a driving license uh involved going to go into a doctor and paying them too to sign
SPEAKER_R: crooked.
SPEAKER_L: that I'm in good health and um unfortunately or not depending on perspective but I think it's an unfortunate perspective. Uh Unfortunately if I showed the money right here and I'm white they just take me right in the past all the sick patients I mean and then they can you see this stuff? Yeah I can see it. Then I go to another room, get it, but once I got all the paperwork while the driving talk done,
SPEAKER_R: There very grateful
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: for it
SPEAKER_L: this paper temporary license and then it took 14 months before I actually got the license card.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah. We think our government slow. Huh? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So are you doing all this traveling for work or just because you like to travel? Where hold on.
SPEAKER_L: both um like the caribbean was, was on cruises. Um I thought I would hate going on a cruise, I thought, oh, it could be stuck on this on this boat all the time, name, those ships are so huge
SPEAKER_R: Yeah here is like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: a floating suit.
SPEAKER_L: almost there's so much to do.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: Um and um like I'm not a big drinker, but you can find one of the things uh my my wife would do was, she would go, we found this one, this one bar away in the block that was really, really quiet and she would ask the bartender, make me something that you like to make, that you don't get a chance to make
SPEAKER_R: Nice, that's a good order,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, like you know, some of these bartenders are really, really talented and there won't be mudslide.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah gin and tonic. Right
SPEAKER_L: Right, right Oh, whiskey sour. Oh that's
SPEAKER_R: dr
SPEAKER_L: um, and so so we became regulars back there and every time he'd make her something different and then one time I went, I just went back there and I said, yeah, you know, you know the story, make my wife something she's going to like and I don't remember what all was in it, but I remember it had meant leaves and it had, what else did it have green? It had something else green in it.
SPEAKER_R: Cream demands maybe?
SPEAKER_L: I don't even remember it was green and it was green and it looked like a jungle in them and there was, what is that? I tasted it and I said, oh yeah, she's going to like it, she looks at it like
SPEAKER_R: what what is this?
SPEAKER_L: what if I said, you know, I got it from your bartender, he says you're going to like it and she loved it,
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: so that was that was really cool. But yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: went
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: to Russia
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: on an exchange program. Um I was, well I was a german language major in college, but I also took Russian
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: and so that was, we were all paired up with Russian roommates. Um It was really, really interesting, very different kind of a situation. Russians are very indirect. So you know, if I had a problem with, if I have a problem with you, I say hey jay this happened um can can we talk about, make sure this doesn't happen again? And you say, you know, you might say man, it wasn't my fault, I didn't do that, but you might say sorry sorry about, no problem, but in Russia I came up to you and said J. I had this problem. They're aghast. So I would I would be your friend and say hey um I had a problem with J and J and then your friend would come to you and say J there was a problem there and so they'd always work it out through an intermediary. I didn't like that at all
SPEAKER_R: Now that seems like a great way to introduce a whole bunch of confusion and unnecessary yeah unnecessary steps where you can
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: have miscommunications and things.
SPEAKER_L: I always learned that was triangulation and you want to vote triangulation at all costs. Um And zambians, zambians are are polite to the to the ends degree and they will be so polite to you. And so if if you said to me I'm Zambian, if you said to me brian I've got a problem with my car um can you look at it now? I don't know anything about cars.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: You know when I buy a car repaired I always go on Youtube and yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so but in Zambia I was oh sure, sure. I can fix it, no problem, sure. And you know, I don't know anything about it. I'm not going to help you, but I wouldn't want to say no.
SPEAKER_R: Right right, because everybody is always saying yes wow. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: um so
SPEAKER_R: All right
SPEAKER_L: a lot of times someone will having no, they will have no intention of say doing something but they will say yes yes, sure, sure. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: But the people, the people there were great, really friendly.
SPEAKER_R: what kind of government does Zambia have or is it constantly changing? Uh
SPEAKER_L: so they're they're they have democratically elected president and and representatives and and all that now. It was a really interesting time to be there because right after right after we got there in 2014 the president died, he died in office. And um so the vice president took over and I thought it was really, really funny and ironic because the vice president was white. Yeah so so Zambia had a white president and you know they had a black president but he was deemed um he was
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: ineligible to stand for the next presidential um race because his parents were not born in Zambia because Zambia did not exist when his parents lived there. It was Rhodesia. Um and that had been that had been put in place in their constitution to keep to keep Kenneth Kaunda, the first democratically elected president from from coming back in um do after after he left the office and someone else came came in and then it was he was going to come back and run for,
SPEAKER_R: And they wanted to prevent him from doing that?
SPEAKER_L: right? Obviously his parents were born in Zambia because there was no Zambia
SPEAKER_R: It exist?
SPEAKER_L: then. Right so yeah so Guy scott couldn't couldn't run. Um I am
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: yeah so uh Edgar Lungu I'm went for president then. Um Most of his presidency has been uh spent borrowing money from china um anywhere else you can get it from. And they are getting ready to be the first african nation to default on your loan.
SPEAKER_R: boy, that's no good.
SPEAKER_L: when I got there, the Zambian Kwacha was worth and 5.5 Kwacha to the dollar. It was it was around 10 Kwacha to the dollar though. There was a glitch in there in 2017 or so where it went up to about 14 or 15 and now it's about 19. So I mean that's that's in the span of six years that it's gone from 5.5
SPEAKER_R: Two,
SPEAKER_L: between 19 and most of their loans are in US dollars. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's really it's a really bad situation then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Do they have political
SPEAKER_L: we're okay.
SPEAKER_R: parties that resemble anything I would be familiar with with like the United States democrats and republicans are like I have a little bit of familiarity with the like the Labour party from England.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so there their party, I don't know what they're exactly what most of the parties stand for. You have a lot a whole lot of small parties that stand for something specific. Uh Like there was one who they're they're one the one issue was legalizing marijuana, but the off the Patriotic front, which sounds to me like a terrorist group, it's a it's a legit political party actually it's the ruling party. Ah And then um I don't remember the mm. P. S. Uh there were several other um and I can't even remember that but um they can't do this tom. Ahh. Um and he stood for president um four times in a row and narrowly narrowly lost. And on you know, it's it's the same thing with republicans and democrats having having having different views but like different views on on certain things whether it's big government, small government, um how things are run, but what it boils down to is tribalism. Um So um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay is hugely popular in the south um where his tribe is and um you know uh bloom boo is popular in in the middle toward the north. So yeah you know you think the cool thing is that the pf seven ball and uh you know the straight hand was
SPEAKER_R: fred
SPEAKER_L: uh U. P. And B. Yeah. Upnd symbol. Um So depending where you go you'd see those and the and the colours were green and red. Um. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: and.
SPEAKER_R: They've got a lot of, they have, they have a number of political parties still vying for. They haven't gotten to a point where there's two or three like where we're at here in America. Huh? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And it largely largely uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it is about who who's there, who's the head man in that party, Like gage is the one who made B. And D. So um so popular. Um And without him that party would would really would really drop. And if um
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: there was 11 guy who stood for, I don't remember what he he was, I don't remember what he was running
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for. But then it was a big stink that he left the Pf. Then he might have come back to the P. F. Yeah he came back to the PF and got got elected mayor of lusaka, the capital city. Um And he's a he's a funny guy like he doesn't he doesn't take any crap from anyone. Right? No.
SPEAKER_R: I think we may, I think
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: we've
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: hit our time brian. It was very nice talking to you man.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not talking to you today, paid on have a good day. Have a good thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_R: You too, take care.