Okay, okay, okay, mm hmm, Good morning,
Yeah, how about you?
name is jay, how about you,
brian? Nice to meet you
right now, where you are right outside the district in alexandria.
Got
you.
Hey, you commute for work? Mm What do you do? You
don't mind me asking me
book,
that's great.
Oh, that's great news. I'm really glad to hear that you got that trailer.
I am a painter by trade house painter.
I went to school for graphic design and I did that for about five years and I just got disillusioned with it, didn't, didn't really like uh and I didn't really like the work, I was good at it. I just didn't find it fulfilling at all. Um believe it or not, I am so much more fulfilled painting walls. I think it's the immediate gratification of coming in and seeing something that doesn't look so hot
and by the end of the job it looks top notch, you know, I really like that.
jeez
yeah, that's not something that's ever supposed to happen. Ever supposed to cut paint, not supposed to paint if the surface is gonna get rain and uh you know before it has time to cure and dry, it's interesting there's a lot of like little things that you do need to know to to be able to do it well, like at the professional level. Um and I can't tell you how many paint jobs I've gotten called too because they had somebody else who said they were a professional painter come in and then there they're like I'm not happy with this work at all. Like it's it's you
know bubbling already or I mean I've seen,
I feel like 10% of the jobs we get our, fixing other people's screwups, it's astonishing how people will come in and say I'm qualified to do this and then do a terrible job, Like a terrible job. What exist? They're out there. Is it scary?
We had a
very
similar situation up here with Sandy a uh made some sort of change to the requirements for contractors, like just
after Sandy because there was so much damage and it was so dead
and
it ended up that
ended up badly for a lot of the homeowners because they weren't vetting the contractors the way they traditionally are headed. I think it was an insurance thing. Maybe they weren't required to have insurance, like they typically are. I can't remember exactly, but almost exactly the same story where it was a whole bunch of, you know, Sandy was a really bad
storm,
a whole bunch of damage, a whole lot of, you know, stuff. And then a year or two later there was a rash of people who were like, this is unbelievable. I gotta, you know, I paid this guy to do this thing and it's not done, he did half of it or didn't do any of it and disappeared. It's just and
One.
Yeah, that's the way to go.
Some
of that legal stuff gets really, really
interesting and really, really strange. I was talking to my wife the other day about trump and how I know that I've heard one of the techniques, if you want to call it that, that he used when he was doing doing business because he would hire hire people on to do a job. They would, you know, do the job. And then he would say, oh, you did it, you did a terrible job, I'm not going to pay you the rest of the balance that I owe you or whatever. And that this became so common a tactic for him that he was having difficulty like getting contractors to do work for him. And I know that there is a thing within the law that you can be marked of vexatious litigant basically as you're, you know, you're suing people left, right and sideways, just trying to get money and the courts basically say you're not using these lawsuits correctly, that's not what they're designed for and we're not going to allow you to bring any suits against other people. Yeah, I was wondering if there was any sort of mechanism for like that in reverse, like what trump does, where he basically says, I'm not going to agree, I'm not going to fulfill my end of the contract, screw you. You can take me to court if you want. I was I was I was thinking like that it would make sense that there should be some kind of mechanism prevent people from employing that strategy.
But I couldn't come up with anything and I'm not aware of anything, but it just seems like uh seems like
loophole that needs to be closed, you know?
Coffee, coffee, coffee. How about you? Mhm.
I usually do a little bit of honey and a little bit of creamer. How about you
people
you make your own coffee or do you go out and pick it up? Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Sam We gotta invested in a pretty nice coffee maker. It's nothing it's super fancy now. You can set the timer so that it will brew for you in the morning and it makes a decent cup, it's so much cheaper than even like the la la or you know the convenience store coffees.
yeah, you're right.
good
mm
right,
there you go. Good deal. Right,
Yeah,
yeah, I love it.
Get a good deal if I can, you know, mm hmm.
What?
No,
there you go. Mhm
you two can't beat that. You have any big plans for this weekend coming up? Yeah,
mhm
or
that's not gonna happen,
For
that
long,
what, where do you said? 14 hour drive? Where do you have family?
that's interesting. My grandmother lives in florida uh
kissing me and has family in Indiana. She's originally from indiana as well,
I don't she was just there like two weeks ago and I spoke with her because she was supposed to come out to pennsylvania to visit my mother, My family's from P. A. Um and she was going to come out to pennsylvania after indiana and then contracted um covid out in indiana so she had quarantine there and then went directly back to florida after that. But I don't I don't recall where in indiana she's from.
Right.
Yes. Wild, we went to boston one time and
we were in a in a line at a Starbucks to use the restroom and and some guys you know got my attention excuse me, excuse me I guess I was wearing a shirt or a jacket or something that said like Bucks County on it and he's like are you from Bucks County? And I was like oh yeah you know I live in Warminster
and he's like we're from Doylestown, how about that? You know it really is a small world, I haven't I haven't visited outside of the country but I've been to a number of states within the United States, I love to travel. Where else have you been?
it
hurts.
all right, that's correct.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
wow, how is that? But
crooked.
There very grateful
for it
wow. Yeah. We think our government slow. Huh? Mhm.
So are you doing all this traveling for work or just because you like to travel? Where hold on.
Yeah here is like
a floating suit.
Great.
Nice, that's a good order,
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah gin and tonic. Right
dr
Cream demands maybe?
what what is this?
thanks.
there
there
there
Who?
Now that seems like a great way to introduce a whole bunch of confusion and unnecessary yeah unnecessary steps where you can
have miscommunications and things.
All
Yeah.
Right right, because everybody is always saying yes wow. Uh huh.
All right
that's interesting.
what kind of government does Zambia have or is it constantly changing? Uh
Work.
And they wanted to prevent him from doing that?
It exist?
What?
boy, that's no good.
Two,
Yeah that's really it's a really bad situation then.
Do they have political
parties that resemble anything I would be familiar with with like the United States democrats and republicans are like I have a little bit of familiarity with the like the Labour party from England.
Yeah.
fred
that's cool.
They've got a lot of, they have, they have a number of political parties still vying for. They haven't gotten to a point where there's two or three like where we're at here in America. Huh? Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Nothing.
I
I think we may, I think
we've
hit our time brian. It was very nice talking to you man.
You too, take care.