Hey, good morning. How's it going? Yeah. All right. You hear me? You know?
Yeah, I can hear you just fine. So
I'm glad.
So where are you? Where are you living?
Okay. Um I'm living in florida. I live in Sarasota, but I commute three days out to the but to the panhandle.
So
that's where I am now.
And
so I'm a disaster case manager
with Vincent de paul services and we are we're still helping out with Hurricane Michael, which was two years ago, actually, over two years ago now. But I'm really excited right now because I just got an email that says that someone has a travel trailer and I've got someone who's living in a shed and filth that I can get into that. And uh but that's gonna be
a huge, huge weight off off of my back. And I mean those sometimes sometimes it's a really, really tough job because funding um funding has been difficult to find and normally to be volunteer teams and look like that. But you know with uh with the pandemic, no no volunteer teams so no inside work getting done.
Mhm. Yeah. So what do you do?
Great.
And
okay, so we had we had house painters. Um this must have been uh three or four years ago every three. Um they had diluted the paint so and then they were putting on just like 11 coach, it looked horrible. The first class we did um immediately after they painted it rained and you could see the like the blue puddling down around the
mm around there. Yeah, it was that was that was crazy.
All
problem.
Well, you know, we've we've had the same thing with with contractors down here where you know after the hurricane, people were just desperate for someone to do the work. And so the contractor would come in and they would uh they wouldn't do do do do diligence, they were just they were desperate and so they pay the guy someone something up front come and start to start the work um disappear or say I need more money for this disappear or do shoddy job. Uh huh.
In
that.
One
from their workday
power?
No.
100.
I'm.
There's no no lawyer is going to go across state lines to chase down the the the perpetrator and and that's what I found from from legal services down here. Uh huh. Yeah that
once once that's done it's done and so we have to be real careful to get the license licensed contractors, we only uh will only use florida license contractors. Nobody that's uh that's out of stage, I mean you know they could be it could be great but we don't know. In fact I always call the same guy.
I know he does a good job, he does it does good work and everything. Um
So what um
But
I'm
All right.
Yeah. Yeah. There are there are weird things in the legal code and all that. So what you're drinking coffee?
Yeah, I just spilled it in my shirt but okay two I put too much creamer in it today, so it's a little too sweet. But so what so it goes how do you how do you drink yours?
Honey is good, I'm just just the just
the creamer um
I make my own it's too too much cheaper.
Yeah. Even even when they're, even when they're only charging a dollar a coffee, it's still a lot cheaper. Uh Sorry?
All right, knocked the lid off there. Um Yeah, so, uh um I got a french press um
incident. That's what I do. Um Then 11 of my housemates, uh, his girlfriend broke, broke my french press. Um I'll pay you for it. I'll pay you back for it. Yeah, mm
hmm. Um So
I bought another one, but I know exactly when I bought a goodwill, so
Yeah. Yeah,
no, he's good. Well, man.
Oh, all right. Uh
right on right on. I was wearing this shirt yesterday. Um and one of my, one of my colleagues was uh
several of these shirts in there, like, like 100 and $5200 for the shirt who pays that? But
I got mine for that goodwill for 4 99.
It's in perfect shape and I'm I'm all about that,
Um I have my kids uh my kids for the weekend um and one day we'll go hiking and I think we go to the beach the other day. If it's warm enough, it's right now up here in the Panhandle, it's kind of chilly. I mean for for florida standards. Um I mean, you know, I got up and running and it was 40 so actually wear long sleeves one usually in the afternoon. It's pretty awesome. And uh in in Sarasota, it's 20 degrees warmer than up here right now. So uh
then I have the kids for the whole thanksgiving weekend Wednesday through sunday.
And I had this uh well they were supposed to have off school longer, but with covid pushing school back and all that that cut some days off. So I was pointing a epic road trip with with the kids. Um but
I'm not going to happen in in five days. You know, I wanted to take them up to see see family and um it's like I don't know 14 14 hour drive. Um and that's not thanksgiving traffic. So you know I can I can do that in a day but I can't handle being in the car
for
that
long. Yeah. So it would mean it would mean two days of driving meaning you know, I wouldn't even get there on thanksgiving be there on friday and then turn around and drive back saturday sunday beats 22 hotel rooms and got four kids and it's already happening. Uh You know, I'd have to lie and say no, no it's only uh only three of us um mm sneak the others in.
Uh My family is in indiana in the Indianapolis area.
yeah.
All right. Do you know what part of indiana?
Um It was funny the other day um I was I was with a friend and my mom was on the phone and we were just you know we were talking and my mom asked this this person or this person asked my mom where she's from and where she lives and she said Indianapolis this woman said oh my my father my parents are from Indianapolis and my father worked at this factory called Alison. It was a tool and die maker. And my mom just on the other end going my father worked with Alison. Um And so you know just this small world I'm correct. Um You know I've I've traveled a lot and there are a lot of things that do make it a small world. For example, I was in I was in Russia and I saw a child wearing the T shirt from the kokomo indiana, a library reading club. Uh huh.
And and I knew it was kokomo indiana. It wasn't just some other Wildcats reading club because the kokomo the cat is spelled with a K. For coca. No, and I've seen my neighbor kids wearing the same shirt.
Her.
You are.
Um So I've been I've been to Germany twice um once right after graduating high school and the I think the highlight of that was I mean this was 1919 nineties, so it was immediately after um beam our was
the
wall was open and we were there when they shut down checkpoint charlie, the famous east west checkpoint. So we got some some good pictures and it was a good time climbing on the wall,
wondering hammer and chiseling pieces off. My sister has a big chunk of of the wall like you know, probably a foot long
and yeah, so I've been to Mexico, I've been to the western caribbean a couple of times um and um Russia and uh England,
my brother lives in London. Um and then I lived in Zambia for 5.5 years.
things were, it was slow to get things to happen. I mean, you know if you if you plan your day and you know you have a day off, you want to you want to do this, this this this this then you plan your route to go these and you know, maybe one place doesn't have something okay Zambia, you playing that same thing? I want to do this. This you get to one and you end up standing and waiting there for three or four hours and then okay now I gotta go back so I can get the kids from school um and you're only getting one thing done. Um So it took me after I did after I went through all the hoops to give example a driving license uh involved going to go into a doctor and paying them too to sign
that I'm in good health and um unfortunately or not depending on perspective but I think it's an unfortunate perspective. Uh Unfortunately if I showed the money right here and I'm white they just take me right in the past all the sick patients I mean and then they can you see this stuff? Yeah I can see it. Then I go to another room, get it, but once I got all the paperwork while the driving talk done,
I got
this paper temporary license and then it took 14 months before I actually got the license card.
yeah. Uh
both um like the caribbean was, was on cruises. Um I thought I would hate going on a cruise, I thought, oh, it could be stuck on this on this boat all the time, name, those ships are so huge
and
almost there's so much to do.
Um and um like I'm not a big drinker, but you can find one of the things uh my my wife would do was, she would go, we found this one, this one bar away in the block that was really, really quiet and she would ask the bartender, make me something that you like to make, that you don't get a chance to make
Yeah, yeah, like you know, some of these bartenders are really, really talented and there won't be mudslide.
Right, right Oh, whiskey sour. Oh that's
um, and so so we became regulars back there and every time he'd make her something different and then one time I went, I just went back there and I said, yeah, you know, you know the story, make my wife something she's going to like and I don't remember what all was in it, but I remember it had meant leaves and it had, what else did it have green? It had something else green in it.
I don't even remember it was green and it was green and it looked like a jungle in them and there was, what is that? I tasted it and I said, oh yeah, she's going to like it, she looks at it like
what if I said, you know, I got it from your bartender, he says you're going to like it and she loved it,
so that was that was really cool. But yeah, I
went
to Russia
on an exchange program. Um I was, well I was a german language major in college, but I also took Russian
and so that was, we were all paired up with Russian roommates. Um It was really, really interesting, very different kind of a situation. Russians are very indirect. So you know, if I had a problem with, if I have a problem with you, I say hey jay this happened um can can we talk about, make sure this doesn't happen again? And you say, you know, you might say man, it wasn't my fault, I didn't do that, but you might say sorry sorry about, no problem, but in Russia I came up to you and said J. I had this problem. They're aghast. So I would I would be your friend and say hey um I had a problem with J and J and then your friend would come to you and say J there was a problem there and so they'd always work it out through an intermediary. I didn't like that at all
because
I always learned that was triangulation and you want to vote triangulation at all costs. Um And zambians, zambians are are polite to the to the ends degree and they will be so polite to you. And so if if you said to me I'm Zambian, if you said to me brian I've got a problem with my car um can you look at it now? I don't know anything about cars.
You know when I buy a car repaired I always go on Youtube and yeah, but
so but in Zambia I was oh sure, sure. I can fix it, no problem, sure. And you know, I don't know anything about it. I'm not going to help you, but I wouldn't want to say no.
um so
a lot of times someone will having no, they will have no intention of say doing something but they will say yes yes, sure, sure. Yeah. Yeah.
But the people, the people there were great, really friendly.
so they're they're they have democratically elected president and and representatives and and all that now. It was a really interesting time to be there because right after right after we got there in 2014 the president died, he died in office. And um so the vice president took over and I thought it was really, really funny and ironic because the vice president was white. Yeah so so Zambia had a white president and you know they had a black president but he was deemed um he was
ineligible to stand for the next presidential um race because his parents were not born in Zambia because Zambia did not exist when his parents lived there. It was Rhodesia. Um and that had been that had been put in place in their constitution to keep to keep Kenneth Kaunda, the first democratically elected president from from coming back in um do after after he left the office and someone else came came in and then it was he was going to come back and run for,
right? Obviously his parents were born in Zambia because there was no Zambia
then. Right so yeah so Guy scott couldn't couldn't run. Um I am
yeah so uh Edgar Lungu I'm went for president then. Um Most of his presidency has been uh spent borrowing money from china um anywhere else you can get it from. And they are getting ready to be the first african nation to default on your loan.
when I got there, the Zambian Kwacha was worth and 5.5 Kwacha to the dollar. It was it was around 10 Kwacha to the dollar though. There was a glitch in there in 2017 or so where it went up to about 14 or 15 and now it's about 19. So I mean that's that's in the span of six years that it's gone from 5.5
between 19 and most of their loans are in US dollars. So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
we're okay.
Yeah so there their party, I don't know what they're exactly what most of the parties stand for. You have a lot a whole lot of small parties that stand for something specific. Uh Like there was one who they're they're one the one issue was legalizing marijuana, but the off the Patriotic front, which sounds to me like a terrorist group, it's a it's a legit political party actually it's the ruling party. Ah And then um I don't remember the mm. P. S. Uh there were several other um and I can't even remember that but um they can't do this tom. Ahh. Um and he stood for president um four times in a row and narrowly narrowly lost. And on you know, it's it's the same thing with republicans and democrats having having having different views but like different views on on certain things whether it's big government, small government, um how things are run, but what it boils down to is tribalism. Um So um
okay is hugely popular in the south um where his tribe is and um you know uh bloom boo is popular in in the middle toward the north. So yeah you know you think the cool thing is that the pf seven ball and uh you know the straight hand was
uh U. P. And B. Yeah. Upnd symbol. Um So depending where you go you'd see those and the and the colours were green and red. Um. Yeah
and.
And it largely largely uh
it is about who who's there, who's the head man in that party, Like gage is the one who made B. And D. So um so popular. Um And without him that party would would really would really drop. And if um
there was 11 guy who stood for, I don't remember what he he was, I don't remember what he was running
for. But then it was a big stink that he left the Pf. Then he might have come back to the P. F. Yeah he came back to the PF and got got elected mayor of lusaka, the capital city. Um And he's a he's a funny guy like he doesn't he doesn't take any crap from anyone. Right? No.
I think
we're
I'm not talking to you today, paid on have a good day. Have a good thanksgiving.