well.
Yeah I can hear you. Can you hear me?
good. How are you doing today? Yeah.
hi I'm Christi let's meet you. Yeah
I live in Minnesota, How about
you? Yeah.
Yeah
I'm 35. How about you?
Bye.
I'm actually a student right now.
I'm interested in linguistics. Yeah.
How much?
Yeah right now you know everything is pretty much remote so I'm just doing stuff from my apartment and yeah I mean it's okay, it's been that way since March so yeah
yeah it'll be that way this mustard I think too.
Yeah. Yeah hopefully one more years and then I'll be done. Yeah
I'm in the PhD program actually.
I think yeah.
yeah I'm interested in in language and a lot of like second language learning and and also have like a background and hearing some really interested in like how it can improve with second language learning um for people who have hearing loss or who were you choose and things like that, so yeah.
Um I interestingly I speak a little bit of sign language, so not your typical, yeah I did a little bit spanish but I'm a little I'm a little rusty on it, have in practice, it's been a long time. Yeah, how about you?
Mhm. Yeah. Oh gosh it's bad.
it's been
hi thank
you.
Um It is a four year program, so
I'm sorry what do you say?
Oh what school I go to a ST cloud state so it's been and I'm talking about is but yep like north twin cities. Yeah
shit
no I mean they've talked about it and they've delayed things for a little bit because of what's been happening at other schools and they kind of told grad students essentially to stay home and underground
their
campus. But grad students something much. So. Yeah.
Not really. And the nice thing is like, you know, I think you can transition a lot of it online. That's my goal anyway. So I'm done with classes but I just have to do like the dissertation part. So I'm open to transition it online and figure out tell it. I mean I'm really
starting from scratch so I was people and persons and I'm just like I'll figure it out. Yeah.
You know that's a good question. I mean because the PCI is a little different than what I did like I used to work in the clinic and help people with so you know, I'm not sure like what will be open if they'll be research jobs like academic job. Uh huh. You know if I can get an academic job that's great, it's not, I can go back to the clinic or if I could teach or do something like that are working with the industry, I'm glad
to
um a little bit, although the politics of it sometimes I'm not a fan of so it's a lot
of work
so Yeah,
what?
Well,
Yeah, that's very true. That's very true. Yeah.
I did I did speech language hearing scientists with a degree and uh yeah and I was gonna do political science but I just changed my mind last minute so right making it yeah,
we're so good. Yeah. How about you? Like what's your what's your background, what do you what do you need to do?
that's good. That's good to hear. Yeah, it's kind I think this whole thing is shown like job is um say it like I always thought healthcare was really safe and secure and no attached
to my colleague. Yeah, it sounds awful. A lot of people got laid, so. Yeah.
Right now I'd say we're, you know, we're probably a little more cautious than some other states. There's a mask mandate um notations on restaurants for sure. And in places you can go. Um I mean it's not terrible. I think our cases are getting better, but yeah, it's interesting like it's hitting the rural areas a little bit more to, which is kind of interesting to see. Um because they always grew up in a rural area, so I think they think they're immune, but it's hitting them just as hard I would say is the city. Yeah, Yeah.
No.
All
Uh huh.
to actually do commute to um I live in uh Minneapolis and so commute and yeah, I am, I don't take public transit as much either anymore because I don't know, and I don't think it runs as much either. I think they cut back on it. Yeah.
Mm hmm. Yeah, not too far. Maybe like uh huh, I'm like maybe, but within 50 miles of left downtown.
Yeah, 15. So I'm not far.
So it's,
they have a good system here. Public transit system. Nice,
they have a train, which is nice. Yeah,
I have been there for a couple of things. I went to boston for a conference once and that was really, it was really nice city. It's just like a duck boat and I it's chinatown and it was pretty cool. It was going to see I think the aquarium there too. I saw. Yeah.
I
And
It's pretty good. Yeah, it's a pretty big city. We have like about 300,000 people. And uh there's there's a lot of interesting things to do here, a lot of outdoor stuff, a lot of lakes um and stuff like that, you know uh you know we've been on as you know the news, a lot of the unrest after George Floyd's death. But and I would say things that are not like bad here. I mean what's that stuff's pretty peaceful and people are respectful and it's not like what I feel like they mischaracterized how bad it disappear because we had, we had pretty few bad days. But after that it was like a lot of like the people who were trying to cause trouble that weren't part of the group left. So now I would say they're still protest but
it's productive protests. Yeah.
How
what?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
we're
dear.
Uh It's been great. So how old are you when he came here from Ecuador?
wow.
No.
so
I,
What? Oh.
No.
Yeah wow. That's crazy. Do you do you miss it or do you like being in the U. S.
I
no
problem.
I'm sure.
Cool.
no,
I
am.
you know,
that's good.
I think
I'm crazy. Don't do it unless you have to open.
Great.
I
actually did uh it was uh I did a clinical degree before an audiology and it's enough, that's four years too, and they it could be a masters and then they made it into a doctorate degree. Um Yeah, that
don't be deceived because like in that degree, like they tell you what to do, you do clinical, you know, it's nice, it's structured uh with this, you're like they're kind of like go ahead a few much guidance, so it's not it's not as much fun as I probably thought it would be fun being off, so yeah, it's okay.
No,
no,
no,
but
my,
yeah, my spouse would kill me if you feel like you have enough degrees because I have this will be my fourth degree, you
tell me, you know? Yeah,
Yeah. You like school? Yeah,
he's
gone. You have to have to have a husband and I don't have any kids, so, yep, so one day, but we'll
see
we've been together who's been married for three years and then we've been together technically for 18. I was actually thinking about this. Yeah.
Last
one,
Come
on. Mhm.
Mhm.
No.
Yeah, it was so hot. I mean when you got, when you get married after that long together, it's like, and you know, it doesn't really change anything you
like.
Yeah, pretty much.
I think so. I think it would be nice to have a cater to. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, when I get through this year, I can't imagine. Yeah, but maybe maybe next year a couple of years from now,
Did you say you had a girlfriend
have fun together
like?
yeah.
that's cool. Uh
here
now
just
No.
Oh
Yeah.
Very
Yeah.
that's
Clock,
much. Yeah.
Yeah, I was actually a teacher who said he was using it for his research and I'm like oh cool, I can make some extra money, so I've been using for about a year now and I like it.
I
exactly, I great up.
No.
No,
nothing.
Yeah I've done a few things like I've this is my second conversation and I think you can have up to four. It's kind of interesting being random people. Uh I feel like doing it kind of fun, so
I
Church
But
That's great. Uh huh.
Yeah, exactly. No that's one thing I've been trying to find ways to make extra money and like this is a good way and like say I don't know if they have this there too, I'm guessing they would like a food tasting places. Um like it sometimes so you go and you like try out new products so like crackers or yogurt, it's been kind of fun and you get the usually pretty good food. So
yeah, sometimes we'll do that or sometimes you'll go to a facility and you'll still.
No,
I think it's called food perspectives, I think that's what's called.
It pays pretty good. Although I'll say um so like once I think I spent must have been like three hours maybe not quite three hours and I got like $105 which is pretty good. And you have to keep in mind each time you ate like six samples of baked beans and then I was like, I hate baked beans. I don't want to
eat them. I
see them. So
you know, it
can ruin your love for food to you if you
have
they
do.
That's
what
I,
I'm
that's crazy.
Hopefully you'll have one near you. Yeah. I feel like, you know, it's interesting talk to me about the green card and stuff cause I get, I think it's really, that's really sad like how restrictive stuff is for, especially, it sounds like for international students, like I didn't realize like all the different um like scholarships and things are not eligible for because they are international and I'm like that's terrible or just, I don't know, I really feel, I feel like the system's kind of messed up a little bit. Uh huh
No.
Come on.
Very
much
I
No.
no.
we'll see who gets elected. I think that will make a
you're
you're right. And that's, it's crazy because like uh it's like people forgot that we, we weren't just magically here, you know, like
my dad's actually spoke german because I think because I don't think it was like his great, great grandpa came over here something. So it's just funny like people forget like, you know, we were all immigrants at some point and we all, it's
not fair to make it so hard for people. I don't think.
Perfect.
Dancing.
Wait,
she's,
Yeah, I agree that paying taxes. That's kind of, that's crazy. I'm not
your money, but we're gonna make it hard for you. Yeah.
Here,
Yeah.
Oh.
Yes, I think so. Yeah.
have fun. It's nice talking
with you, right?
that's pretty
stuff.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's the best to thank you so much.
it
is.