you? Did you hear me
massively. I think I
The director or something else? Um, some sebastian by the way.
to meet you too. Where are you from?
Fine.
I live here in Cambridge, massachusetts. Yeah.
All the way please. How old are you?
35. I'm 25.
Yeah. What, what do you do?
No name. What is studying?
that's interesting. How
does that work? Like we have, we have a lot of time in school now.
You're going to use the area, right?
Yeah. You have used to have a lot of, uh, what do you have, like a one year, four years ago or
is it a master's or
you see, Oh, not impressive. Good for you.
And what is it, what is it specifically about?
So do you speak the, speak another language?
And um, I actually, I actually think spanish, um, I was born and raised in Ecuador in south America. So yeah, that's my that's my actually my first language I'm here and now yeah and I'm here in the States so um speaking english all the time but I have those two languages so yeah it's not that so if you want to practise their spanish a little bit right now.
What? Okay
good for you now.
One
more years ago. How many years did you do the PhD for
for you? Why the university of Minnesota?
Our in what school?
that's right
they don't they don't plan to reopen it. Right
Good
morning.
and do you need to go though like what it doesn't make sense to do it online or? Uh
Better
I'm sure you can do it now. Not come back you know what is the plan for when you finish the PhD?
You
prepare Academia?
And
that
my my girlfriend is uh she's also using Harvard she said she's going she's going to do her PhD later not in harbour, she's gonna do her police in another school. But she um yes she wears
in academia she's always telling me about you know the you know like Heart is and like it's so hard to like to make it in academia and all that. So if you might want to transition later on so just industry and when she well whenever she graduates her PhD and all that stuff but just scream around. But she uh she told me about the struggles about
academia to you know not being very well paid and you know that working so much.
I assume the thing for every every branch. Right. What did you do for underground that you are? Did you do the same thing? Like linguistics?
All right. Are you?
Um So I work in construction actually. Um Yeah I work in in boston and for a renovation company. It's kind of like yeah it's a big company but they have offices around like every state and so I work for them. We mainly do renovations, interior innovations and sit ups um for like commercial quantum. So um yeah mainly my work is in the city which is nice. I have to go you know travel and so I just they lump all across the city. Um Yeah and my background is there I went to to school like a like an hour away from boston and they were um I graduated a civil engineer so I was just saying like you know the branch and I've been working for like a little over two years now. Um some kind of new, you know, time learn. But yeah, that's what I'm good. It's nice. I like it a lot of hours, you know? Okay. It is what it is. Um, it's a little busy right now, but I think it's going to get, you know, one of them is all going forward at least next year and what will happen. But yeah, so far so good.
Yeah. I'm not
Uh, here too. And my company and you know, it's sad. You don't really know what happened fortunate. So how are things over there with like, same as in the rest of the States. I mean things open or you got more like a lockdown right now?
that's a fact. That's the issue too. You know, people don't really care about it or whatever and get infected and everything. Of course. Same here honestly. I mean it's pretty much everything is open
and it's african I think that's a bit like night clubs, like, like those kind of like dizzy things by like restaurants, um kind of bars like that. They're open, you know, with the regulations and masks and all that, but they're open, they're praying. Um Yeah, I mean it's crazy just gets back like mold and everything. Like people are just going shopping again and all that. It's a little pack so I'm not scared anymore. And I'm like, I'm working full time like going to the office and everything every day. Um, you know, they reopen everything. So just trying
to be careful which is kind of stocks. Yeah. I'm not taking a public transportation anymore because get a
little class in there. Yeah. And then you live in there, you live in the city right now.
And he did it. Which is good. I mean how far were you from Minneapolis
15?
that's not
And
Yeah. I was going to say like that you got the tea or the train all the way over there. Yeah.
that's very useful. Yeah. Can you, can, you, can you complete the, he said boston are in massachusetts.
But I found the biggest step, you know, it's like I have to do those 30 things like I've been there for a while and I have never been to the brain. Uh huh You have it right
here. You know like 10 minutes away and you never do it. I
never cry Minneapolis. So how is it all
Becomes
Okay. Yeah. I haven't heard anything else. Um, nothing major lately regarding that.
Hopefully say that like that.
It was kind of scary to just bad timing for everything,
unfortunately, of course.
Something
in his ankle.
Um, I was 18. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Yeah. I was born and raised on like they are my family over
there. Um, yeah, When I graduated high school, I applied for colleges here instinct. So yeah, I just got like, I got into a couple of schools and I came to one of them, one of my buddies from, also from Acura, like, um, one of my best friends, he also came
to the same school. Like he was a year older than me, so,
um, I can't follow it steps and he convinced me to go to the same school. So I ended up, it's a great school and I ended up being there. Um, yeah, I moved when I was 18 and I've been here saying I go back.
That's like one once a year now, every winter break,
you know just because my yeah my family is over there and my brother. So I go I go to I don't know about this year but usually I go in the winter break and spend christmas with them um and then just come back. But yeah every 66 years already here. It's crazy group.
I like I like uh being here. Uh You know I admit that um I miss over there. I mean you know it's like I'm from there, you know I have all my family, my friends are from there but um I think like at this point I'm already used to it um at the beginning they will stop for, you know you don't want to be the first couple
of years. But
now
like you know I have my life here to have a I have a lot of friends in boston which graduates that are also international students from my school, they kind of like make a little group and they want to stay in boston. We hang around a lot. I live with a couple of them here like in my house. Um I have two roommates so it's not too bad you know? I I don't feel like long the year anything because I have a lot of a lot of friends here. Yeah definitely missing there. I met the food.
I don't know not having to do being spoiled you know? Um That's fine. It's a big change, a big cultural change for sure. Right. Yeah
we're getting there. I don't know what, I don't know when I'm going to get back because you know I don't I don't get to choose whether I stay or not just because I'm not american. So um I'm with Visa like a working Visa so I have a couple of years to work here and then um really like get a green card or
or something else like that but it's not really up to me, there is more like the comfortable sponsor you stuff like that. So um like a certain amount of years and then it's either the company
wants
to sponsor you, you have to go back or do a master's or something like that so much to have some
news who also.
Yeah I'm not I'm not really sure what I'm gonna do yet. Maybe I'll go back to study. You know what? Wait I don't know how you guys do it. Piecing
apartment.
And
did you did you duel masters before
it?
A lot of time.
Yeah. I mean I'm sure it's fine. I mean you almost done, right? Your
um plan to study
anything
else? Doctor? Either, right?
You're you're
done.
Or
Yeah, wow. But you like to study
night, so you you you have any kids or you say you have a house and you say or do I heard
that one?
How
long have you been together?
18 5.
Since
the title? Crazy. Yeah,
that's
Just decided to marry a couple of years ago, Right.
Good for you.
Congrats on the, on the wedding.
It's
the claims of the title, right?
Pretty much, yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, I'm sure at that point it doesn't really matter. And you are you guys stop flying on? I'm having any kids, I'm just saying, well maybe in the future.
if you want to
One thing a little calmer. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I have a girlfriend. Um
It's kind of new honestly,
we've been there for like I think a little over a year now. Um Yeah,
she's, yeah, she's she went to the things forward by this college, so what, she's two years older than me. So I actually met her through my roommate, which is three years older than me too. So we kind of had like that and you know, start hanging out and and how we've been homeless for a year.
it's crazy how how it goes about its going well, you know, shit, starting her PhD on the end of september, so not be a little more busy I think. Um She has to commute a little bit, so she has to
be like
like 5, 15 minutes away from from here from boston. Um go to school. Well
her lab actually that's cool but um so yeah it's interesting, she's
I think like it's probably going to be like 66 years for the PhD completed. Yeah. Um
it's bio bio camp. Uh
Yeah like neurology and and then crazy stuff. I don't yeah, she's
uh she's smart, smart girl for sure. Yeah,
but but it's nice, you know? Okay, we're proud. So um I'm going to be here almost
every couple of days in the week and yeah she finished her work right now um like a week ago because
she was working at Harvard when she puts her notice because she started her PhD. So you actually stopped working I think this friday, so she's pretty much on vacation right now enjoying her time off until PhD comes and you know it's getting crazy and to prevent the movie just nice, you know, that's a couple weeks off that one. Flying.
So that so um how do you like um Yeah, prolific thing and you've been doing it for a while,
are you? Wow. It's I'm pretty it's really, I think I'm using for like 2.5 months, but I mean it's very helpful. I mean
you can I mean, so like so far I'm not saying like a huge amount of money, you know, but and this and money I mean, but I'm nothing right.
Yeah. And then this thing is like, you know, they're like easy to do. I guess they have some good up compensation.
So trying to do as
much, this is your first time doing like something like this or
you've done before.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, this is my third time doing it. Um Yeah, I went back, you know, just chatting with Stranger, but I don't I don't mind. I mean, I have no issues like, you know, talking and you know, just means random people. So I think it's California kind interest in terms, so plus you can face up can get anything. But uh yeah, it's good. And it's it's shown, you know, like 25 minutes. All right, well, I'm sure winemaking. Yeah. One day I talked to huh? Growing we talked for me. Yeah. Okay. I just had a lot of common with it's a mm hmm. Yeah, it's not bad. I mean, I like I like it definitely helps me
pay pay uh from give, you know, and
stuff. I'm gonna I'm gonna pay my my girlfriend's uh birthday is coming up soon. I kind of think I'm gonna get her so I'm not going to
use this money to pay her pay the gift
at least to help me in the nursery you know rather than using my work money.
Where do you? So you get you get a mail to the house
found of how do you do it? What and like what the what's the company
what's the website that you do it through?
I can't prove it. Yeah well that's fine. You are like you give feedback and then you got to try to cut me. I think that's pretty much it looks cool. Doesn't play well and Maria.
No
more.
That's
great.
All
right love definitely not. But I'll check it out. Thanks for the thanks for that note. What do they have it around here? Pretty cool. Yeah
I'm
always looking to you know
just it's kind of hard to do
anything else you know like um
and I cannot really work a second job because of my status here.
So I can only work one job because of my business
but not that I can do like you know bartender like an additional, you know I kind of a good job on the weekends or nice or something so I try to do stuff like this like studies and like save me a lot of this some extra money you know for like for the weekend or whatever, you know like your money. Um So this is my first product because my friends that I actually found that it's actually you know it takes a decent amount, you know I've done like other ones and not really Lauria worth it. I mean it is so certain amount, nothing right you know and you have tricks you know after your gift cards or something bad like they are like this one. Um So I think that I'm actually checking the food perspective one.
it's a lot of stuff like Yeah and people don't know you know that's that's the thing um like you don't like and what would you know nobody really is talking
about it you know? But it's there's a lot of like yeah there's a lot of things like rules
and the things that we need to like dude stay here and all this crazy stuff like even work, you know it's not easy to get to work to get a job because
they
need to sponsor
you. They make it hard for the companies like want you because it's all additional costs and fees that you need to do like lawyer. So some people don't like why why would I want to hire an international, you know we go to all this trouble when you can just hire someone
from here. So yeah I guess it makes it a little harder. Um uh Well maybe things have changed uh
in the later years but yeah
I know I think that will make a difference. Yeah definitely trump hasn't done it very easy for us with the international then you know the visa you know but I don't know I'm not going to say that democrats will like make a huge difference either I think might
make it a little easier but I don't think it's going to change my january unfortunately. Yeah.
and now.
that is true.
Yeah I mean I understand
like you know illegal and you know but if you have like I have all my you know I have all my papers, I don't ride, I came to college here, I paid my college here, high stakes taxing of everybody. You know, I'm just,
I don't I have, you know,
I'm just working. You know, it's not that I'm doing anything illegal and bad for anybody. So, in that way, it's like, why do you have to make it so hard for us? I mean, we're just, you know, normal people from other
countries. I speak english. Uh, you know, it's not enough. It's weird, complicated.
And
you know, it's funny. It's funny everywhere. I don't know if you if you know this is by far. So I'm actually, I'm a nonresident, right, nonresident alien. That's how you call it. Um, tax purposes, I'm arrested. So from just
for tax purposes, I actually have to I'm arresting internet. They all pull the taxes of the Russians, but for anything else, I'm not resting. Yeah,
Yeah.
I haven't failed back all the things and everything. But that is why I'm not. But when it comes to money and paying and of course I am. So, yeah, I think I think do we? I think we had 25 minutes, right.
I will stay a little longer. But I actually have a soccer game like 30 minutes. So I have to
and
Just to name a really nice to meet you. And uh,
I hope
you do this two more times. I had a good time having everything every time I do it. So I hope you enjoy, uh,
you love it. Good for you. And congrats at
Thank you. See you later. Take
care.
But.