SPEAKER_L: right, okay. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh right. All right, mm. Yes, the beginning of the title type of thing, wow,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: what are you? Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Sorry. If you were waiting? I got back from my run really late so I had to like quick jump in the shower.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's okay. Yeah, it's no worries
SPEAKER_R: Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: way.
SPEAKER_R: So I'll just deal with
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: wet here for the next 45 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my name is Michael by the way.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_R: Where are you right now?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Tennessee.
SPEAKER_R: Tennessee what part? Oh, I've never been over there. I've only been to Memphis.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, cool. Yeah. Memphis Nice. I've been there once.
SPEAKER_R: just once. Or did
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: you grow up in Tennessee or No,
SPEAKER_L: No, I grew up in the caribbean actually in, yeah. And uh came to, we moved to new york when I was a kid, lived in queens for a while, then lived in long beach California for a while and moved to Chattanooga Tennessee.
SPEAKER_R: Are you going to school there? What are you doing down in Tennessee?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've already graduated from college and then after college I moved to Chicago for a while.
SPEAKER_R: I've been everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, I've been all parts, all corners of the U. S.
SPEAKER_R: Hilarious.
SPEAKER_L: It's um, yeah, right now I work as a writer for a non profit, so that's what I've been doing.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. And now you guys fully remote. That seems like a job that's pretty easy to do, ramp up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's completely remote right now,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's for the best I think.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. How long have you lived down there or did you move? I know a couple of people who moved like right before lockdown started and it must be so hard when they have like no local friends or anything or any way to make friends, you know, I don't know what they're, how they're doing. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I've been uh moved here in 95.
SPEAKER_R: so you've been there a while? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: time yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah when I was a kid we moved here so
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so then did you, when you were going all these other places where you like going to school in Chicago and then you ended up coming back to Tennessee?
SPEAKER_L: uh no I moved it, I moved to Chicago after I graduated college. Uh my major was creative writing and directing for theatre mm
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: like the perfect city to do that. And so I was there for five years and then my mom got cold so I came back to Chattanooga, so she has somebody close by with her uh where you at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually like just outside of Chicago, so yeah, but I grew up in Milwaukee but I left like 15 years ago, but I spent like I worked in music when I was younger and so I would come down to Chicago, I was in Chicago like at least four nights a week, like doing shows, you know, so like, so yeah, really vibrant theater scene and music scene and I have a lot of love for Chicago, but um then I moved to Portland And then I lived there for like 12 or 13 years, and then I actually was living in Bangkok last year and came back like by chance I was coming back at the end of february anyways to celebrate my birthday with some friends here. And so I was like then I got trapped but I thought I was like gonna leave again, you know? I thought I would be here like six weeks in the U. S. Or whatever is it friends around the country. And the I had to I was going to move to Georgia and Bulgaria next like Georgia the country not
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: country,
SPEAKER_R: state. Yeah. And uh obviously all of those plans are long gone now. So yeah, it's been uh suddenly been an adjustment to be back in this area. And it feels like a little bit like I'm back in high school or something, you know? Because I I because like my freedom is limited, my movement is limited. I have limited choices and it feels like being back in that space where
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: read that Chicago is going back on lockdown, starting on Mondays, does that affect you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm like outside the city enough that like we're kind of in our own little bubble here, you know? And so it's like it's almost like business people are generally pretty respectful. Like I would, I even worked, I volunteered as a poll worker for the election. And so So that was by far the most people have seen and forever. You know, we served 775 people at our polling station. And so like now I've just been eating vitamins every day and like really isolating to see, you know, like I was exposed to so many people like maybe I got covid or something. I don't want to like spread it further. So I'm just trying to like be really good about like I've been good about it anyways, but being extra cautious and really isolating.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Even that even with like all the like threats of violence and like people just being wild and wanting to show up with guns at polling stations and stuff. None of that happened at least at mind. Everybody was like really chill and even seemed like positive and like happy and like people were nicer than you would even see at like wal mart for black friday. You know, like they were far nicer than that, you know? So like
SPEAKER_L: Which was
SPEAKER_R: everything
SPEAKER_L: yeah it was unexpected,
SPEAKER_R: it was, we were all of us volunteers like commented like we were actually like nervous, you know, going into the day because of all of the threats and stuff and just like, are we going to have to like b de escalating like crazy conflict situations and stuff like, you know, like we just didn't know what to expect and it was so low key And I would say like 98% of all those people who are masks, you know? Ah So so in general it was like nice to see and everybody, I mean there's always like somebody that wants to make a scene or something but like it was far more rare than we expected it to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even even watching the news, it was such a, I I really like I I prefer to read the news and watch no sport, but like like Election Day, I was just like I have to watch it like I just have to watch to see what's going on because there was there's all this talk and anticipation of things going so badly for the most part, you know, it seemed like it went off without a hitch like there
SPEAKER_R: It was.
SPEAKER_L: were a couple instances, but it's still begin.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. We were all like I'm a C. P. A. By profession and so I'm I'm literally trained to recognize fraud and I'd like to understand how to mitigate risk. Like that's my entire profession and so from my perspective, every part of the process that I saw there is zero room for any substantial fraud to ever occur like in a meaningful number. You know like you can never you can never enact enough controls that can completely prevent fraud. So there's always some amount but it's like it's about mitigating the risk. And so they have the controls in place that would mitigate any substantial issue. You know?
SPEAKER_L: It's not enough fraud to all
SPEAKER_R: There's no
SPEAKER_L: things.
SPEAKER_R: the real risk like from a risk assessment standpoint, which is what we do. And so for the real risk is at the post office. So
SPEAKER_L: Hm
SPEAKER_R: like because they have it's and it might not be but i without having like vantage into that, like without having without being able for me to go to the like a USB s facility, walk the floor and know what controls they have in place. To me. That's like the big question mark is like what's going on at USPS? Do they have any additional controls in place to handle ballots? Or are they just handling them the same as they handle regular mail? You know? like what's their process? Does it differ? Not. Um And then who's in charge of it? And how do they check it? Those sorts of things? Like we would have to look at all that. But from like a polling place location there was like no issues, there is plenty of issues in terms of Inefficiency and like as a process design person like I would have, I have like 40 changes I could roll out tomorrow if they make me elections are you know and like improve the process and streamline it, make it more efficient, making more scared. Um But yeah like there's no freaking fraud happening unless it's happening with like the post office losing ballots. That's like that's, to me the biggest
SPEAKER_L: Are slowing down, slowing that what they did with slowing
SPEAKER_R: intentionally
SPEAKER_L: it down?
SPEAKER_R: not delivering them on time, that's the biggest. Best and so or and obviously the legal voter suppression that happens when, you know, state legislatures interfere with the voting process, um, and registration, you know, things like that stuff should all be getting called out and like handled but but in terms of like following what is on the books as the law that's happening. So I felt a lot, I think everybody should do it once, you know, like it was, I think it should be like jury duty, like we all get called, you know, we get like drafted to be pull workers and vetted and stuff. It made
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: me it made me like way more like feel better about our system, you know,
SPEAKER_L: right. And uh I was a poll watcher in 2018.
SPEAKER_R: if we're
SPEAKER_L: Um so but pretty much I was just there to observe to just make sure everything was going all right. And um, it was so slow. There were so few people I guess because it wasn't like people vote
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: terms yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And uh, and being in the south and it was a, it was just um, it was kinda boring actually because there was so much downtime and
SPEAKER_R: yeah. The poll workers are the watchers did look really bored and I guess you're not allowed to talk to us, is that right?
SPEAKER_L: um, they offered like they would take breaks and and get food and stuff and they would come over and ask if I needed anything, but, but where they were stationed, I I have to sit like against the wall with a chair able, so there wasn't really a chance to unless I shouted communicate with them
SPEAKER_R: Got it. There
SPEAKER_L: using
SPEAKER_R: was interesting. And so how did you, did you have to contact one of the parties or how do you get, how does one become a poll watcher or observer?
SPEAKER_L: Um, uh, my best friend works for a nonprofit, also called Unified Ed. They do work on behalf behalf of public education and they've gotten more involved with politics recently at all that he he actually contacted me during the midterms asking me like if I wanted to volunteer door knocking and stuff like that. I would love to do that. I think I think Phil Bredesen was running at the time uh in Tennessee the democrat and they wanted me to work on his behalf and I was just like, yeah, I would definitely do. Um and through that like eventually it was just like, oh you know like we have openings where um being a poll watcher, would you be interested to do that? And it was like it would be great. Um
SPEAKER_R: So you're representing the
SPEAKER_L: her
SPEAKER_R: party
SPEAKER_L: party
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: non
SPEAKER_L: not um I guess yeah, he just said uh like there was never any like as far in terms of people watching, there was never to talks of like you're representing Britain or you're representing anything like that and when I showed up like my credentials said unify ed like so I was half of the nonprofit,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. So that's how you were identified. So as far as any of like us, like workers could tell you were there on behalf of the nonprofit. Okay, cool. That's interesting, interesting. I'm intrigued
SPEAKER_L: I didn't say
SPEAKER_R: by that
SPEAKER_L: an animal.
SPEAKER_R: role and I wanted to talk to this thing that was doing it and like ask how she got involved or whatever because even though it does look boring because at least I was like busy the whole time, you know, so the time I was there for 15.5 hours, I did the whole day, ah but it wasn't as horrible
SPEAKER_L: And,
SPEAKER_R: because like most of
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: the time I was like actively having to do stuff so the time went pretty fast. I think
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: when you're sitting in the chair, just like I'm serving all day, I would, I think that's like more tiring than if you're like running around on your feet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It kind of feels like like the poll workers were actually like, you know, they were all communicating and laughing because they had, there was so much downtime in between and they're like, man, this, it's really boring. Like, you know, like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: checking my watch and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this was not boring. I was I was like in charge of sanitizing every single like polling booth, you know in between because like most of the people who volunteer older and But the person that has to sanitize everything, like you're running around the whole time and you're on your feet the whole time. So I think they were just like, let's put the younger person relatively uh in like that job. And so I was like literally like running, I think I got like 70,000 steps or something like that at the end of the day. So I was definitely, and it was, I would say like we never, it was never like when you see the lines that stretch, like People say they waited four hours or eight hours to vote, it was nothing like that. I think our longest wait time was like 30 minutes. It was like, but it was consistent, like it was pretty consistent the whole day
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: this was, this was on election Day like,
SPEAKER_R: on election Day yet I guess we were serving 2-300 people early voting every day to for like I think we did early voting like 10 days ahead of time. So I feel like people had like I went voted early because I knew I couldn't vote on election Day because I was working not at my station. You know, like I would have had to go to a different location to vote. So I went early and that I think I was in and out in 20 minutes for early voting too,
SPEAKER_L: Um I really voted and I had to, I had to wait about an hour and a half because there weren't that many locations open more, A lot of people just went to, it was just, it was early voting too. So it was surprising. It was that long.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I felt better about earlier, but I didn't want to mess with like I definitely didn't want to mess with the post office. I was, I kind of don't even know if there's so many rural places though that you would have to allow voting by mail at these really rural remote addresses, you know, because they're not going to be able to get their ballot into a secure dropbox at the mirrors. Like I don't know, county clerk office or whatever, that would be like too much of a burden for people, but I don't know otherwise, the post office seems like it's in shambles right now. I don't know what's going on
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's it's
SPEAKER_R: please
SPEAKER_L: great
SPEAKER_R: hire.
SPEAKER_L: just reading about it is infuriating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is,
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: past
SPEAKER_R: sad
SPEAKER_L: few months it's just been like oh man, like how how how is this even possible to do?
SPEAKER_R: why why is a postal service controversial? Like why should that be a controversial thing? Like
SPEAKER_L: these are the times we're living in,
SPEAKER_R: pretty seems like a pretty nonpartisan service that we're trying to provide two huge parts of the country which have no other option, you know right? Like I don't know if ups and Fedex just lobbied so strongly to like
SPEAKER_L: bring
SPEAKER_R: put
SPEAKER_L: down the post
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: office.
SPEAKER_R: post, there was completely out of business. So all of our male has to go through private companies, but it's pretty sad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's sad and that's That's 2020 in a nutshell lou
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. Yes it is. Um Well that's really cool though, that you did that for the poll observation. I think I'm thinking about doing it now, but I guess so when you become a poll worker, it's like I'm technically an election official now and my I serve a two year term so
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: they can like pull me in for any other elections in the next two years. I don't obviously like if I can't do it, I can't do it. But um so if we have, I'm technically like just across the border with Illinois, so I'm in Wisconsin so so if we have it sounds like we're having a recount. Um But I think it's not officially, I don't think they can say officially until December one because that's when like everything it's like finalized in the tabulation. So Then she said like my city clerk or whatever already emailed us to say like if we need you guys for the recount I'll be reaching out like on December one or second right away and let you know that we'll have to pull you back to help. But I would like I mean I think I'm a C. P. A. Like my skill set is like validating data, you know? So I I like the idea of being part of the recount so we'll see what happens. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that sounds really interesting. I'm like Chattanooga is like right on the on the border with Georgia and uh surprisingly like uh Georgia went blue this year. Um So but the I guess the tally was so close that they're they're doing a recount.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah I think there is going to end up being at least four states that recount, which is, I mean all of like the prior recounts, I lift it up in all of the prior recounts, it ends up being like There's never been a change of more than like 1600 votes or something like that, I think
SPEAKER_L: it's not substantial. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like not enough, like the difference is that something is like over 20,000 votes for at least, it was the last time I looked at it, so you know, everything changes a little bit every day. Um it's like Even with a recount to like change for a deviation of 20,000, it's like that I don't see it happening, that would be so like wildly something really wild would have to have happened, you know, I just don't see it, but we'll see,
SPEAKER_L: I think uh gosh I'm trying to remember probably uh it was a it was a recount that was demanded for a Supreme uh the Supreme Court, the state Supreme Court, I think it was michigan maybe. And yeah, after the weekend, that one actually flipped the democrats.
SPEAKER_R: hilarious.
SPEAKER_L: So I was just like, well, you know, like if you demanded
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: republicans have demanded it. That's the most hilarious part is like, dude, if anybody has been working their ass off to suppress voting for decades, it's the Republican Party and, and then you guys are going to try to like somehow claim election fraud. It's just like, come on guys like
SPEAKER_L: And you've been
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: actively
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: doing it,
SPEAKER_R: claim
SPEAKER_L: we can see
SPEAKER_R: fraud
SPEAKER_L: you do it,
SPEAKER_R: just because you lost. But if you want, even if you committed fraud to win guaranteed, like our elections are free and fair for sure. It's just so like unbelievable the amount of hypocrisy. It's just like they do and they don't even care. Nobody cares anymore because we've gotten so used to it.
SPEAKER_L: That's and that's that's I think that's kind of the point is to just hammer it to you every day so that you just kind of give up like it's just your skin and the new normal,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Well, I'm glad. What does your, what is the mission of your nonprofit that you work with?
SPEAKER_L: it's also public education. We work on behalf of a um public education schools and zoning laws mostly because
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of schools in certain districts that are underperforming and um just terrible schools and we're trying to Uh huh. I mean it's not an easy thing to do, but what we're trying to like figure out ways to either, you know, bring the standards of those schools up or give parents a choice too. You know, send their kids to whatever school they want, even outside of their their resumes. Good times.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is um yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how we're gonna fix our public education system. It's been intentionally made unequal for so long, and I remember like one of the most important or like influential books I ever read in high school was uh large inequalities. Do you know that one?
SPEAKER_L: Which one?
SPEAKER_R: Savage inequalities.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: It's a Jonathan coastal I think is his name. And so it's like, it's predominantly, you know, I read this in high school, I haven't like, this isn't, don't quote me on this, but I think like if I remember correctly, it was like primarily focused on a study of schools in like East ST louis and like how that what I opened my eyes to is how property taxes, just the entire concept of like, let's have property taxes fund the school districts is going to inherently make it unequal. So it's intentional because nobody would be that stupid that you would just do it and then be like, oh we didn't know that was going to be the outcome, you know, like so rich neighborhoods then have a huge amount of money from property taxes to be able to fund their schools. Poor neighborhoods, obviously our disadvantage. So you would have to do uh like group all of the, if you're gonna do that, if you're going to use property texas, then you have to bring it all together at like a state level and then equally disperse it if that's how you were going to do it. But even that, I think there is clearly better ways than using property taxes, but um but how, that was like the first time I ever knew that's how schools were funded and so like I've been, I just, I just, it's one of the first, if I was benevolent dictator, it's one of the first things I would change.
SPEAKER_L: error. I totally agree.
SPEAKER_R: So broken.
SPEAKER_L: Even my sister and I have a Uh eight year old nephew in a six year old niece. Yeah, like the most awesome people in the world and they live in a great neighborhood. It's like a gated community, all this stuff. Their district as the worst school in Chattanooga. It's like the worst school. And my sister literally was just like if we can't get them accepted to a different school, we're moving, you're not going to go to that school. So she had to apply for hardships and all these other things to get them to go to a different school. I was away.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you, are you familiar with like, so you must be familiar with? Like okay, so what is it that's causing that school to be so dysfunctional
SPEAKER_L: Um It's
SPEAKER_R: or what are the or what are the theories of why?
SPEAKER_L: um a few factors like uh it's it's uh the surrounding area is a lower income area like you were talking about with property taxes and all of this stuff. Um The staff is, it's like they just show up to show up, it seems like they don't really care about the students. Um the parents don't really care about, you know, they're just like it's a scoop. Well um it's just so many things and it's and because when especially when it comes down to like the parents or the teachers and and things like that, that's what makes it harder to affect change. It's because you can't go to their house and be like let's let's change things here, you know, like I
SPEAKER_R: Like kids need to have
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: breakfast if like the studies show like if you don't have
SPEAKER_L: Time.
SPEAKER_R: breakfast, learning outcomes are negatively, you know, impact, you know, just like every little thing like that like and adds to the reasons like test scores are different or whatever, you know? And so
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: so many little things that, that adam.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well that's not even just that's like not even touching issues of like violence at home or you know other issues like that that are obviously like hugely traumatic and um a whole
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: different set of challenges, but just like things like just poverty, not not all of the other complications like violence or you know, drug abuse, anything else, But just looking at poverty and not eat not having enclosed to wear to school. You know, things like that. So I saw this school I think again it was in Missouri and they started um they started they had a huge increase in like performance and test scores and things. And it was because they had started having like laundry facilities at school, like clothes like at school. So like kids could like change and wear different clothes like while they're at school, all of they had meals like all throughout the day, including after school and like extra food that they could take home. Like they had all these like additional resources because they
SPEAKER_L: Terrific
SPEAKER_R: were fully resourced schools is what we need to help mitigate these issues. But and yeah, I think that they saw there was something like astronomical, like in their test scores, like An improvement of like 18 points or something like that. I have, I'd have to look at backup, I'd spend a while since I saw it. But um yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean even when when this when the pandemic first start got going in schools and stuff shut down. They were talking about you know I can't remember the numbers specifically but it was it was pretty large but there were so many kids that would now have to go without a meal or two. They were dependent on the schools for those meals. And it's just it's ridiculous when you think about it in those terms you know like I don't know we're
SPEAKER_R: like we clearly have enough food and money in this country to feed our kids guys, so let's like allocate resources more effectively,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we I think I think our tanks and our fighter jets and stuff are sophisticated enough.
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep, that's, I just texted that to a friend of mine the other day. Like the reason we can't have nice things in this country is because we spend all of our money on a military to protect our nice things and that's why we live in shambles like, but we sure can stockpile weapons, you know, that's important. So embarrassing. This country is so embarrassing,
SPEAKER_L: it's ridiculous and it's disheartening
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is. I know, I go back and forth. I like uh I can technically work from anywhere. And so that's why I could, I moved to Bangkok. I got like a Job within four days. There's something of being there, you know, that sponsored Visa and everything. So like I can work, I have that flexibility and I'm grateful for it. So I go back and forth on like, do I just abandon the US completely or do I stay here and try to help make it better? But it's so, it feels so insurmountable. I'm sure you have felt that way working with nonprofits and I've done a lot of like nonprofit work too. It's just like the problems are so huge and they have all of the resources in the world behind them, you know, to like keep them keep, they want, they want the problems, they want to keep them problems. So it's just, it just feels like no matter how much we work, I don't know. But then I get really like optimistic the next day, you know? And I'm like no, we're going to keep making change
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna happen, it's
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: bet, you know, I don't know. Back and forth its stuff. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's the as, and it's harsh thing to say, but I think as the population friends younger, that's when real change will happen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope so. We'll see. There's still a lot of like racist backwards young people too though and sexist and everything, you know? Like look at tech companies are the youngest companies that we have and that
SPEAKER_L: Excuse
SPEAKER_R: whole industry
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: is disgusting and the
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: way they
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: disgusting. So I don't I think it's easy, especially as younger people. I think it's easy to claim that like we're part of the change, we have it more figured out. But I mean a lot of the people we see is like old and racist and whatever. Uh they were hippies back in the day fighting for change. You know? Like it's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: bizarre. I think that I think it the reality is we're still the minority even amongst young people, the ones that are truly progressive are still a minority of that group, you know? And that's a scary part. I think that most people are fine with like just like not rocking the boat. No, you know, they just
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: accepting things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like and honestly like from having leadership positions, like most people want to be told what to do. They don't want to have to like figure things out on their own. Um It's just like, I don't know. I don't know. But then I get really optimistic again the next day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That was my optimistic thought for the, he has me trained younger. He'll change.
SPEAKER_R: Right. We'll see. I hope I hope let's leave. On a hopeful note.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Sounds good.
SPEAKER_R: It was nice to you though.
SPEAKER_L: It was very nice meeting you and that Bangkok living in Bangkok is like one of the coolest things I've heard, so.
SPEAKER_R: It's uh have you been there yet? You should
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: definitely, definitely one of my favorite cities. I spent like two years traveling full time. And I called it interviewing cities. So I was like seeing which I was like kind of treating it like a buffet like moving pretty fast. So I could see if I liked the vibe and wanted to like spend a more significant amount of time there. And like as soon as I after a year, Like 14 months of doing that, like being in a new city every two weeks or whatever, I got to Bangkok and I was like, oh, this is this is the one I'm going to live here, you know? And then I just like Move there three months later.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's really,
SPEAKER_R: So try
SPEAKER_L: that's,
SPEAKER_R: to see if you can make it sometimes. Uh if we ever are allowed to travel again, It's a really fun place and the food is incredible. Even like, even like the worst food, like even the food at 7:11 is like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: actually like pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've seen like I watch these food shows, I don't know why like I'm addicted to watching just travel. Who chose like
SPEAKER_R: Out
SPEAKER_L: the an
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: ordained. Mm And they were doing one about uh, convenience stores and like the foods that they're pulling out of the Yeah, I was just like, that's that's incredible like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: totally. Like I would never in a million years eat at a 7:11 in the us. But like
SPEAKER_L: hurt.
SPEAKER_R: I would eat
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it. I would eat it a 7 11 in Bangkok. Like once a week just for it was easy and I was tired or whatever. You know, if I needed something fast at work for lunch or something and it was like totally, totally fine. Like pretty good actually shop feeling pretty good and they'll heat
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it up for you right there and stuff like, like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was incredible. Like yeah, I was, I was fascinated watching this is really cool, you know? And then then they show that markets, you know like the seafood markets and markets and all this stuff and it's like, wow, that's that's crazy. It trained. And when I grew up I remember being a little kid and going to the market because it's an island. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I've been to Tobago but I haven't been to, I've only gone through the
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: airport on the, on the big island, but I spent like a couple of weeks in Tobago last,
SPEAKER_L: it's true that in Tobago it's it's yeah, it's a Sister Nations, one country really. But wow, that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: it's really beautiful. I loved it there and the food was amazing there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's like fusion food. It's like indian food, african food with chinese food. It's
SPEAKER_R: it was awesome. Yeah and the people were super nice and like we went scuba diving and like because my dad's a big scuba diver so we were mostly later so like he could screw it up and then make me go with him because he just keeps trying to get me to like take up this hobby with him. But I feel like claustrophobic kind of under all the gear, you know, it's like a lot of gear and it's like, I don't know, it's like too much for me and it feels like a hassle I like,
SPEAKER_L: Did you get on
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: glass
SPEAKER_R: like I don't
SPEAKER_L: bottom
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: group?
SPEAKER_R: a bunch of special gear to go hiking so that's form I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You need a stick at most.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. But it was like it was incredibly beautiful and yeah the all the different cultures like coming together and the food was like so awesome. I really loved it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's there's actually a there's a tourist attraction close to Chattanooga called the Lost See. And it's like in this underground thing where you're on a glass bottom boat, you get to look at all these uh different uh huh sea creatures below through the uh huh And a friend of mine who lives in new york um He's a theater guy, he's actually toward all over the world because his theater company is the only theater company that got licensed to do an adaptation of Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby.
SPEAKER_R: Oh how crazy.
SPEAKER_L: So he's been like everywhere. I went to college with this guy. So when that happened I was just like holy crap, you're like you're like you're the most famous edible. Yeah. But he then he did he created his own show based on uh southern racism but told through like local attractions and all this stuff and you know like the little hidden things that people don't notice. And he was touring that show that show all over the country, but that got shut down because
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the pandemic. So he by chance met up with his neighbor who was a video game designer and they came up with an idea to take his show and turned it into a video game based on the underground tavern, glass bottom boat.
SPEAKER_R: No way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And he called me and he was like, do you want to write for us? And I was just like, yeah, this is what I went to college. Yeah. So like you say, you went to Tobago like that just like, I was just like, wow. Like I could use my experience of growing up there and tie it into this. And yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So then so have you started on the project or just did this just start up?
SPEAKER_L: uh he actually called me last week and then he sent me, he's going to use the, the way they're gonna develop it. I'm not I know very little about tech, but apparently like the new ipad has like crazy capabilities, like like you could film something and then digitize it and turn it into something else. So he sent me a short video showing me like what it could do and it was just like just just go free, right, whatever you want and we'll we can adapt it somehow using this. Um
SPEAKER_R: because the whole thing is gonna be animated, right
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna
SPEAKER_R: video?
SPEAKER_L: be a video game. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay, cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's so interesting. What are interesting like melding of different art forms, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's I mean we're theater guys and like for him to and it just and it was so random, it's just because talking to his neighbor, his neighbor is a video game designer who is currently working on a project with William kensington, who is a very famous South African artist. It's just like the whole thing was just yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I love it. That's great. I'm I just started reading, well I'm like 50 pages in uh this side of paradise. But yeah, I had never read it before and someone, I saw it on someone else's list of favorite books and I was like I've read The Great Gatsby like a bunch of times, you know? But I had never read this one so I was like maybe it's time it's because like quarantine read, it's like the way he describes people is just so perfect. Like you just get I have like I can I can
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like absolutely
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: identify who these characters are, you know, like, and I I can think of people I've met that are like them and he's like funny, but he's in a but he's funny in a much more like he's not like overtly funny, like David Sedaris or something, you know? Like I like, I like his comedy, I think he's like a comic writer, but it's very subtle and with like maybe some uh like a little like a hint of like acid or something, you know, like a spritz. I'm in juice on. I like really good though. I've been really enjoying it.
SPEAKER_L: The I think the only reason they were allowed to do The Great Gatsby is because it was a word for word uh adaptation. Thanks. You had it was set in a in an office and you had a character with a rainy day. He opens the book and he starts reading from the book out loud like word for word, the entire book and things going on around him in the office sync up with what's happening uh in the book, but in a more modern way set set in an office like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it was thing.
SPEAKER_R: I want to look it up. I love the theater and like having no theater has been a very sad thing, but like I guess I was kind of already used to it from me, I wasn't getting the seal at a theater while I was traveling and there's the theater scene in Bangkok, I tried to get invested, but there was like there's not a lot in Bangkok, so that's like one every city pros and cons, so that's like one con about Bangkok, it's like the theater scene could leave a lot to be desired, first city of that size for sure. Even even if we're including like I'm not I'm including thai language theatre as well um and I had made thai friends there and one of them was a theater major at university and even she was like yeah we don't have a good you're seeing and so
SPEAKER_L: I've never really heard of I theater or
SPEAKER_R: no, yeah, there's like not a lot, there's a lot of cool tie dance performances and so that's theatrical. Um but not specifically like plays. Um Ok, we've talked for a long time, buddy. No, no, no. It was really nice to chat with you, but I have a call, a client called 3 15, so I have to get these three big questions. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: was really cool meeting you and uh good luck in the future.