right, okay. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh right. All right, mm. Yes, the beginning of the title type of thing, wow,
what are you? Hello?
Pretty good. How are you?
Oh, that's okay. Yeah, it's no worries
way.
All
Yeah, my name is Michael by the way.
Nice to meet you too.
I'm in Tennessee.
Oh, cool. Yeah. Memphis Nice. I've been there once.
One.
No, I grew up in the caribbean actually in, yeah. And uh came to, we moved to new york when I was a kid, lived in queens for a while, then lived in long beach California for a while and moved to Chattanooga Tennessee.
Um I've already graduated from college and then after college I moved to Chicago for a while.
Yeah, Yeah, I've been all parts, all corners of the U. S.
It's um, yeah, right now I work as a writer for a non profit, so that's what I've been doing.
it's completely remote right now,
it's for the best I think.
I've been uh moved here in 95.
time yeah
mm. Yeah when I was a kid we moved here so
uh no I moved it, I moved to Chicago after I graduated college. Uh my major was creative writing and directing for theatre mm
like the perfect city to do that. And so I was there for five years and then my mom got cold so I came back to Chattanooga, so she has somebody close by with her uh where you at?
The
country,
I just
read that Chicago is going back on lockdown, starting on Mondays, does that affect you?
Yeah.
Which was
yeah it was unexpected,
Yeah. Even even watching the news, it was such a, I I really like I I prefer to read the news and watch no sport, but like like Election Day, I was just like I have to watch it like I just have to watch to see what's going on because there was there's all this talk and anticipation of things going so badly for the most part, you know, it seemed like it went off without a hitch like there
were a couple instances, but it's still begin.
It's not enough fraud to all
things.
Hm
Are slowing down, slowing that what they did with slowing
it down?
I was
right. And uh I was a poll watcher in 2018.
Um so but pretty much I was just there to observe to just make sure everything was going all right. And um, it was so slow. There were so few people I guess because it wasn't like people vote
like
And uh, and being in the south and it was a, it was just um, it was kinda boring actually because there was so much downtime and
um, they offered like they would take breaks and and get food and stuff and they would come over and ask if I needed anything, but, but where they were stationed, I I have to sit like against the wall with a chair able, so there wasn't really a chance to unless I shouted communicate with them
using
Um, uh, my best friend works for a nonprofit, also called Unified Ed. They do work on behalf behalf of public education and they've gotten more involved with politics recently at all that he he actually contacted me during the midterms asking me like if I wanted to volunteer door knocking and stuff like that. I would love to do that. I think I think Phil Bredesen was running at the time uh in Tennessee the democrat and they wanted me to work on his behalf and I was just like, yeah, I would definitely do. Um and through that like eventually it was just like, oh you know like we have openings where um being a poll watcher, would you be interested to do that? And it was like it would be great. Um
her
party
not,
not um I guess yeah, he just said uh like there was never any like as far in terms of people watching, there was never to talks of like you're representing Britain or you're representing anything like that and when I showed up like my credentials said unify ed like so I was half of the nonprofit,
I didn't say
an animal.
And,
and
And
in
Yeah. It kind of feels like like the poll workers were actually like, you know, they were all communicating and laughing because they had, there was so much downtime in between and they're like, man, this, it's really boring. Like, you know, like
checking my watch and yeah.
And
this was, this was on election Day like,
Um I really voted and I had to, I had to wait about an hour and a half because there weren't that many locations open more, A lot of people just went to, it was just, it was early voting too. So it was surprising. It was that long.
Yeah it's it's
great
just reading about it is infuriating.
I mean
the
past
few months it's just been like oh man, like how how how is this even possible to do?
these are the times we're living in,
bring
down the post
office.
Yeah it's sad and that's That's 2020 in a nutshell lou
well
Yeah. Yeah that sounds really interesting. I'm like Chattanooga is like right on the on the border with Georgia and uh surprisingly like uh Georgia went blue this year. Um So but the I guess the tally was so close that they're they're doing a recount.
it's not substantial. Yeah.
I think uh gosh I'm trying to remember probably uh it was a it was a recount that was demanded for a Supreme uh the Supreme Court, the state Supreme Court, I think it was michigan maybe. And yeah, after the weekend, that one actually flipped the democrats.
So I was just like, well, you know, like if you demanded
it.
And you've been
actively
doing it,
we can see
you do it,
That's and that's that's I think that's kind of the point is to just hammer it to you every day so that you just kind of give up like it's just your skin and the new normal,
it's also public education. We work on behalf of a um public education schools and zoning laws mostly because
there's
a lot of schools in certain districts that are underperforming and um just terrible schools and we're trying to Uh huh. I mean it's not an easy thing to do, but what we're trying to like figure out ways to either, you know, bring the standards of those schools up or give parents a choice too. You know, send their kids to whatever school they want, even outside of their their resumes. Good times.
Yeah.
Which one?
No.
error. I totally agree.
Even my sister and I have a Uh eight year old nephew in a six year old niece. Yeah, like the most awesome people in the world and they live in a great neighborhood. It's like a gated community, all this stuff. Their district as the worst school in Chattanooga. It's like the worst school. And my sister literally was just like if we can't get them accepted to a different school, we're moving, you're not going to go to that school. So she had to apply for hardships and all these other things to get them to go to a different school. I was away.
Um It's
um a few factors like uh it's it's uh the surrounding area is a lower income area like you were talking about with property taxes and all of this stuff. Um The staff is, it's like they just show up to show up, it seems like they don't really care about the students. Um the parents don't really care about, you know, they're just like it's a scoop. Well um it's just so many things and it's and because when especially when it comes down to like the parents or the teachers and and things like that, that's what makes it harder to affect change. It's because you can't go to their house and be like let's let's change things here, you know, like I
have
Time.
There's
so many little things that, that adam.
Uh
Terrific
I mean even when when this when the pandemic first start got going in schools and stuff shut down. They were talking about you know I can't remember the numbers specifically but it was it was pretty large but there were so many kids that would now have to go without a meal or two. They were dependent on the schools for those meals. And it's just it's ridiculous when you think about it in those terms you know like I don't know we're
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we I think I think our tanks and our fighter jets and stuff are sophisticated enough.
it's ridiculous and it's disheartening
it's gonna happen, it's
gonna
happen.
Yeah. I think it's the as, and it's harsh thing to say, but I think as the population friends younger, that's when real change will happen.
Excuse
me.
That's
true.
And
It's
accepting things. Yeah.
Yeah. That was my optimistic thought for the, he has me trained younger. He'll change.
Yes. Sounds good.
It was very nice meeting you and that Bangkok living in Bangkok is like one of the coolest things I've heard, so.
No.
That's awesome. That's really,
that's,
What?
Yeah. I've seen like I watch these food shows, I don't know why like I'm addicted to watching just travel. Who chose like
the an
ordained. Mm And they were doing one about uh, convenience stores and like the foods that they're pulling out of the Yeah, I was just like, that's that's incredible like Yeah.
hurt.
And
And
Yeah, it was incredible. Like yeah, I was, I was fascinated watching this is really cool, you know? And then then they show that markets, you know like the seafood markets and markets and all this stuff and it's like, wow, that's that's crazy. It trained. And when I grew up I remember being a little kid and going to the market because it's an island. Uh
All
it's true that in Tobago it's it's yeah, it's a Sister Nations, one country really. But wow, that's really cool.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like fusion food. It's like indian food, african food with chinese food. It's
Did you get on
the
glass
bottom
group?
Yeah. You need a stick at most.
Yeah, there's there's actually a there's a tourist attraction close to Chattanooga called the Lost See. And it's like in this underground thing where you're on a glass bottom boat, you get to look at all these uh different uh huh sea creatures below through the uh huh And a friend of mine who lives in new york um He's a theater guy, he's actually toward all over the world because his theater company is the only theater company that got licensed to do an adaptation of Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby.
So he's been like everywhere. I went to college with this guy. So when that happened I was just like holy crap, you're like you're like you're the most famous edible. Yeah. But he then he did he created his own show based on uh southern racism but told through like local attractions and all this stuff and you know like the little hidden things that people don't notice. And he was touring that show that show all over the country, but that got shut down because
the pandemic. So he by chance met up with his neighbor who was a video game designer and they came up with an idea to take his show and turned it into a video game based on the underground tavern, glass bottom boat.
Yeah. And he called me and he was like, do you want to write for us? And I was just like, yeah, this is what I went to college. Yeah. So like you say, you went to Tobago like that just like, I was just like, wow. Like I could use my experience of growing up there and tie it into this. And yeah,
uh he actually called me last week and then he sent me, he's going to use the, the way they're gonna develop it. I'm not I know very little about tech, but apparently like the new ipad has like crazy capabilities, like like you could film something and then digitize it and turn it into something else. So he sent me a short video showing me like what it could do and it was just like just just go free, right, whatever you want and we'll we can adapt it somehow using this. Um
it's gonna
be a video game. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's I mean we're theater guys and like for him to and it just and it was so random, it's just because talking to his neighbor, his neighbor is a video game designer who is currently working on a project with William kensington, who is a very famous South African artist. It's just like the whole thing was just yeah.
I
like that.
The I think the only reason they were allowed to do The Great Gatsby is because it was a word for word uh adaptation. Thanks. You had it was set in a in an office and you had a character with a rainy day. He opens the book and he starts reading from the book out loud like word for word, the entire book and things going on around him in the office sync up with what's happening uh in the book, but in a more modern way set set in an office like
it was thing.
I've never really heard of I theater or
was really cool meeting you and uh good luck in the future.