No.
Hi, how's it going?
Good. Sorry. If you were waiting? I got back from my run really late so I had to like quick jump in the shower.
Sorry about that.
So I'll just deal with
wet here for the next 45 minutes.
I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you.
Where are you right now?
Tennessee what part? Oh, I've never been over there. I've only been to Memphis.
just once. Or did
you grow up in Tennessee or No,
Are you going to school there? What are you doing down in Tennessee?
I've been everywhere.
Hilarious.
Nice. And now you guys fully remote. That seems like a job that's pretty easy to do, ramp up. Yeah.
Well
yeah. How long have you lived down there or did you move? I know a couple of people who moved like right before lockdown started and it must be so hard when they have like no local friends or anything or any way to make friends, you know, I don't know what they're, how they're doing. Okay,
so you've been there a while? Okay.
Uh huh.
Okay, so then did you, when you were going all these other places where you like going to school in Chicago and then you ended up coming back to Tennessee?
come on.
I'm actually like just outside of Chicago, so yeah, but I grew up in Milwaukee but I left like 15 years ago, but I spent like I worked in music when I was younger and so I would come down to Chicago, I was in Chicago like at least four nights a week, like doing shows, you know, so like, so yeah, really vibrant theater scene and music scene and I have a lot of love for Chicago, but um then I moved to Portland And then I lived there for like 12 or 13 years, and then I actually was living in Bangkok last year and came back like by chance I was coming back at the end of february anyways to celebrate my birthday with some friends here. And so I was like then I got trapped but I thought I was like gonna leave again, you know? I thought I would be here like six weeks in the U. S. Or whatever is it friends around the country. And the I had to I was going to move to Georgia and Bulgaria next like Georgia the country not
the
state. Yeah. And uh obviously all of those plans are long gone now. So yeah, it's been uh suddenly been an adjustment to be back in this area. And it feels like a little bit like I'm back in high school or something, you know? Because I I because like my freedom is limited, my movement is limited. I have limited choices and it feels like being back in that space where
and
I'm like outside the city enough that like we're kind of in our own little bubble here, you know? And so it's like it's almost like business people are generally pretty respectful. Like I would, I even worked, I volunteered as a poll worker for the election. And so So that was by far the most people have seen and forever. You know, we served 775 people at our polling station. And so like now I've just been eating vitamins every day and like really isolating to see, you know, like I was exposed to so many people like maybe I got covid or something. I don't want to like spread it further. So I'm just trying to like be really good about like I've been good about it anyways, but being extra cautious and really isolating.
Yeah. Even that even with like all the like threats of violence and like people just being wild and wanting to show up with guns at polling stations and stuff. None of that happened at least at mind. Everybody was like really chill and even seemed like positive and like happy and like people were nicer than you would even see at like wal mart for black friday. You know, like they were far nicer than that, you know? So like
everything
it was, we were all of us volunteers like commented like we were actually like nervous, you know, going into the day because of all of the threats and stuff and just like, are we going to have to like b de escalating like crazy conflict situations and stuff like, you know, like we just didn't know what to expect and it was so low key And I would say like 98% of all those people who are masks, you know? Ah So so in general it was like nice to see and everybody, I mean there's always like somebody that wants to make a scene or something but like it was far more rare than we expected it to be.
It was.
Yeah, for sure. We were all like I'm a C. P. A. By profession and so I'm I'm literally trained to recognize fraud and I'd like to understand how to mitigate risk. Like that's my entire profession and so from my perspective, every part of the process that I saw there is zero room for any substantial fraud to ever occur like in a meaningful number. You know like you can never you can never enact enough controls that can completely prevent fraud. So there's always some amount but it's like it's about mitigating the risk. And so they have the controls in place that would mitigate any substantial issue. You know?
There's no
the real risk like from a risk assessment standpoint, which is what we do. And so for the real risk is at the post office. So
like because they have it's and it might not be but i without having like vantage into that, like without having without being able for me to go to the like a USB s facility, walk the floor and know what controls they have in place. To me. That's like the big question mark is like what's going on at USPS? Do they have any additional controls in place to handle ballots? Or are they just handling them the same as they handle regular mail? You know? like what's their process? Does it differ? Not. Um And then who's in charge of it? And how do they check it? Those sorts of things? Like we would have to look at all that. But from like a polling place location there was like no issues, there is plenty of issues in terms of Inefficiency and like as a process design person like I would have, I have like 40 changes I could roll out tomorrow if they make me elections are you know and like improve the process and streamline it, make it more efficient, making more scared. Um But yeah like there's no freaking fraud happening unless it's happening with like the post office losing ballots. That's like that's, to me the biggest
intentionally
not delivering them on time, that's the biggest. Best and so or and obviously the legal voter suppression that happens when, you know, state legislatures interfere with the voting process, um, and registration, you know, things like that stuff should all be getting called out and like handled but but in terms of like following what is on the books as the law that's happening. So I felt a lot, I think everybody should do it once, you know, like it was, I think it should be like jury duty, like we all get called, you know, we get like drafted to be pull workers and vetted and stuff. It made
me it made me like way more like feel better about our system, you know,
if we're
in
terms yeah,
yeah. The poll workers are the watchers did look really bored and I guess you're not allowed to talk to us, is that right?
Got it. There
was interesting. And so how did you, did you have to contact one of the parties or how do you get, how does one become a poll watcher or observer?
So you're representing the
party
not
non
interesting. So that's how you were identified. So as far as any of like us, like workers could tell you were there on behalf of the nonprofit. Okay, cool. That's interesting, interesting. I'm intrigued
by that
role and I wanted to talk to this thing that was doing it and like ask how she got involved or whatever because even though it does look boring because at least I was like busy the whole time, you know, so the time I was there for 15.5 hours, I did the whole day, ah but it wasn't as horrible
because like most of
the time I was like actively having to do stuff so the time went pretty fast. I think
like
when you're sitting in the chair, just like I'm serving all day, I would, I think that's like more tiring than if you're like running around on your feet.
What?
this was not boring. I was I was like in charge of sanitizing every single like polling booth, you know in between because like most of the people who volunteer older and But the person that has to sanitize everything, like you're running around the whole time and you're on your feet the whole time. So I think they were just like, let's put the younger person relatively uh in like that job. And so I was like literally like running, I think I got like 70,000 steps or something like that at the end of the day. So I was definitely, and it was, I would say like we never, it was never like when you see the lines that stretch, like People say they waited four hours or eight hours to vote, it was nothing like that. I think our longest wait time was like 30 minutes. It was like, but it was consistent, like it was pretty consistent the whole day
like
on election Day yet I guess we were serving 2-300 people early voting every day to for like I think we did early voting like 10 days ahead of time. So I feel like people had like I went voted early because I knew I couldn't vote on election Day because I was working not at my station. You know, like I would have had to go to a different location to vote. So I went early and that I think I was in and out in 20 minutes for early voting too,
yeah, I felt better about earlier, but I didn't want to mess with like I definitely didn't want to mess with the post office. I was, I kind of don't even know if there's so many rural places though that you would have to allow voting by mail at these really rural remote addresses, you know, because they're not going to be able to get their ballot into a secure dropbox at the mirrors. Like I don't know, county clerk office or whatever, that would be like too much of a burden for people, but I don't know otherwise, the post office seems like it's in shambles right now. I don't know what's going on
please
hire.
Yeah, it is,
it's
very
sad
why why is a postal service controversial? Like why should that be a controversial thing? Like
pretty seems like a pretty nonpartisan service that we're trying to provide two huge parts of the country which have no other option, you know right? Like I don't know if ups and Fedex just lobbied so strongly to like
put
the
post, there was completely out of business. So all of our male has to go through private companies, but it's pretty sad.
Yeah. Yes. Yes it is. Um Well that's really cool though, that you did that for the poll observation. I think I'm thinking about doing it now, but I guess so when you become a poll worker, it's like I'm technically an election official now and my I serve a two year term so
they can like pull me in for any other elections in the next two years. I don't obviously like if I can't do it, I can't do it. But um so if we have, I'm technically like just across the border with Illinois, so I'm in Wisconsin so so if we have it sounds like we're having a recount. Um But I think it's not officially, I don't think they can say officially until December one because that's when like everything it's like finalized in the tabulation. So Then she said like my city clerk or whatever already emailed us to say like if we need you guys for the recount I'll be reaching out like on December one or second right away and let you know that we'll have to pull you back to help. But I would like I mean I think I'm a C. P. A. Like my skill set is like validating data, you know? So I I like the idea of being part of the recount so we'll see what happens. I don't know.
yep. Yeah I think there is going to end up being at least four states that recount, which is, I mean all of like the prior recounts, I lift it up in all of the prior recounts, it ends up being like There's never been a change of more than like 1600 votes or something like that, I think
Yeah, it's like not enough, like the difference is that something is like over 20,000 votes for at least, it was the last time I looked at it, so you know, everything changes a little bit every day. Um it's like Even with a recount to like change for a deviation of 20,000, it's like that I don't see it happening, that would be so like wildly something really wild would have to have happened, you know, I just don't see it, but we'll see,
hilarious.
The
republicans have demanded it. That's the most hilarious part is like, dude, if anybody has been working their ass off to suppress voting for decades, it's the Republican Party and, and then you guys are going to try to like somehow claim election fraud. It's just like, come on guys like
this
can't
claim
fraud
just because you lost. But if you want, even if you committed fraud to win guaranteed, like our elections are free and fair for sure. It's just so like unbelievable the amount of hypocrisy. It's just like they do and they don't even care. Nobody cares anymore because we've gotten so used to it.
Oh my gosh. Well, I'm glad. What does your, what is the mission of your nonprofit that you work with?
And
interesting.
Yeah. That is um yeah,
I don't know how we're gonna fix our public education system. It's been intentionally made unequal for so long, and I remember like one of the most important or like influential books I ever read in high school was uh large inequalities. Do you know that one?
Savage inequalities.
It's a Jonathan coastal I think is his name. And so it's like, it's predominantly, you know, I read this in high school, I haven't like, this isn't, don't quote me on this, but I think like if I remember correctly, it was like primarily focused on a study of schools in like East ST louis and like how that what I opened my eyes to is how property taxes, just the entire concept of like, let's have property taxes fund the school districts is going to inherently make it unequal. So it's intentional because nobody would be that stupid that you would just do it and then be like, oh we didn't know that was going to be the outcome, you know, like so rich neighborhoods then have a huge amount of money from property taxes to be able to fund their schools. Poor neighborhoods, obviously our disadvantage. So you would have to do uh like group all of the, if you're gonna do that, if you're going to use property texas, then you have to bring it all together at like a state level and then equally disperse it if that's how you were going to do it. But even that, I think there is clearly better ways than using property taxes, but um but how, that was like the first time I ever knew that's how schools were funded and so like I've been, I just, I just, it's one of the first, if I was benevolent dictator, it's one of the first things I would change.
So broken.
So what do you, are you familiar with like, so you must be familiar with? Like okay, so what is it that's causing that school to be so dysfunctional
or what are the or what are the theories of why?
Like kids need to have
breakfast if like the studies show like if you don't have
breakfast, learning outcomes are negatively, you know, impact, you know, just like every little thing like that like and adds to the reasons like test scores are different or whatever, you know? And so
I know.
Yeah. Yeah. Well that's not even just that's like not even touching issues of like violence at home or you know other issues like that that are obviously like hugely traumatic and um a whole
different set of challenges, but just like things like just poverty, not not all of the other complications like violence or you know, drug abuse, anything else, But just looking at poverty and not eat not having enclosed to wear to school. You know, things like that. So I saw this school I think again it was in Missouri and they started um they started they had a huge increase in like performance and test scores and things. And it was because they had started having like laundry facilities at school, like clothes like at school. So like kids could like change and wear different clothes like while they're at school, all of they had meals like all throughout the day, including after school and like extra food that they could take home. Like they had all these like additional resources because they
were fully resourced schools is what we need to help mitigate these issues. But and yeah, I think that they saw there was something like astronomical, like in their test scores, like An improvement of like 18 points or something like that. I have, I'd have to look at backup, I'd spend a while since I saw it. But um yeah,
like we clearly have enough food and money in this country to feed our kids guys, so let's like allocate resources more effectively,
yep, yep, that's, I just texted that to a friend of mine the other day. Like the reason we can't have nice things in this country is because we spend all of our money on a military to protect our nice things and that's why we live in shambles like, but we sure can stockpile weapons, you know, that's important. So embarrassing. This country is so embarrassing,
Yeah, it is. I know, I go back and forth. I like uh I can technically work from anywhere. And so that's why I could, I moved to Bangkok. I got like a Job within four days. There's something of being there, you know, that sponsored Visa and everything. So like I can work, I have that flexibility and I'm grateful for it. So I go back and forth on like, do I just abandon the US completely or do I stay here and try to help make it better? But it's so, it feels so insurmountable. I'm sure you have felt that way working with nonprofits and I've done a lot of like nonprofit work too. It's just like the problems are so huge and they have all of the resources in the world behind them, you know, to like keep them keep, they want, they want the problems, they want to keep them problems. So it's just, it just feels like no matter how much we work, I don't know. But then I get really like optimistic the next day, you know? And I'm like no, we're going to keep making change
if
I
bet, you know, I don't know. Back and forth its stuff. Okay.
Yeah, I hope so. We'll see. There's still a lot of like racist backwards young people too though and sexist and everything, you know? Like look at tech companies are the youngest companies that we have and that
whole industry
is disgusting and the
way they
disgusting. So I don't I think it's easy, especially as younger people. I think it's easy to claim that like we're part of the change, we have it more figured out. But I mean a lot of the people we see is like old and racist and whatever. Uh they were hippies back in the day fighting for change. You know? Like it's
bizarre. I think that I think it the reality is we're still the minority even amongst young people, the ones that are truly progressive are still a minority of that group, you know? And that's a scary part. I think that most people are fine with like just like not rocking the boat. No, you know, they just
want
yeah, like and honestly like from having leadership positions, like most people want to be told what to do. They don't want to have to like figure things out on their own. Um It's just like, I don't know. I don't know. But then I get really optimistic again the next day.
Right. We'll see. I hope I hope let's leave. On a hopeful note.
It was nice to you though.
It's uh have you been there yet? You should
definitely, definitely one of my favorite cities. I spent like two years traveling full time. And I called it interviewing cities. So I was like seeing which I was like kind of treating it like a buffet like moving pretty fast. So I could see if I liked the vibe and wanted to like spend a more significant amount of time there. And like as soon as I after a year, Like 14 months of doing that, like being in a new city every two weeks or whatever, I got to Bangkok and I was like, oh, this is this is the one I'm going to live here, you know? And then I just like Move there three months later.
So try
to see if you can make it sometimes. Uh if we ever are allowed to travel again, It's a really fun place and the food is incredible. Even like, even like the worst food, like even the food at 7:11 is like
actually like pretty good.
Out
of.
totally. Like I would never in a million years eat at a 7:11 in the us. But like
I would eat
it. I would eat it a 7 11 in Bangkok. Like once a week just for it was easy and I was tired or whatever. You know, if I needed something fast at work for lunch or something and it was like totally, totally fine. Like pretty good actually shop feeling pretty good and they'll heat
it up for you right there and stuff like, like it.
I've been to Tobago but I haven't been to, I've only gone through the
airport on the, on the big island, but I spent like a couple of weeks in Tobago last,
it's really beautiful. I loved it there and the food was amazing there.
it was awesome. Yeah and the people were super nice and like we went scuba diving and like because my dad's a big scuba diver so we were mostly later so like he could screw it up and then make me go with him because he just keeps trying to get me to like take up this hobby with him. But I feel like claustrophobic kind of under all the gear, you know, it's like a lot of gear and it's like, I don't know, it's like too much for me and it feels like a hassle I like,
you
know
like I don't
think
a bunch of special gear to go hiking so that's form I think.
Yeah. Yeah. But it was like it was incredibly beautiful and yeah the all the different cultures like coming together and the food was like so awesome. I really loved it.
Oh how crazy.
I'm sure. Yeah.
No way.
So then so have you started on the project or just did this just start up?
because the whole thing is gonna be animated, right
video?
okay, cool.
That's so interesting. What are interesting like melding of different art forms, you know?
I love it. That's great. I'm I just started reading, well I'm like 50 pages in uh this side of paradise. But yeah, I had never read it before and someone, I saw it on someone else's list of favorite books and I was like I've read The Great Gatsby like a bunch of times, you know? But I had never read this one so I was like maybe it's time it's because like quarantine read, it's like the way he describes people is just so perfect. Like you just get I have like I can I can
like absolutely
identify who these characters are, you know, like, and I I can think of people I've met that are like them and he's like funny, but he's in a but he's funny in a much more like he's not like overtly funny, like David Sedaris or something, you know? Like I like, I like his comedy, I think he's like a comic writer, but it's very subtle and with like maybe some uh like a little like a hint of like acid or something, you know, like a spritz. I'm in juice on. I like really good though. I've been really enjoying it.
What?
I want to look it up. I love the theater and like having no theater has been a very sad thing, but like I guess I was kind of already used to it from me, I wasn't getting the seal at a theater while I was traveling and there's the theater scene in Bangkok, I tried to get invested, but there was like there's not a lot in Bangkok, so that's like one every city pros and cons, so that's like one con about Bangkok, it's like the theater scene could leave a lot to be desired, first city of that size for sure. Even even if we're including like I'm not I'm including thai language theatre as well um and I had made thai friends there and one of them was a theater major at university and even she was like yeah we don't have a good you're seeing and so
no, yeah, there's like not a lot, there's a lot of cool tie dance performances and so that's theatrical. Um but not specifically like plays. Um Ok, we've talked for a long time, buddy. No, no, no. It was really nice to chat with you, but I have a call, a client called 3 15, so I have to get these three big questions. Okay.