Yeah, afternoon. Yeah. Okay.
I didn't know. I think it's just kind of a long time really well.
that's okay. Hey, I'm jen,
come on
you okay.
Where are you from?
Oh, very nice. I would love to go to Hawaii. That's been a bucket list of mine. I'm in
michigan.
I was
the soo locks
up north.
Those
are
The Great Lakes are beautiful. We're lucky to have lakes around us. Uh huh.
It is
my, my screen is upside down. Yeah.
Oh, I was so okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. So how long have you lived there in Hawaii?
very cool.
Yeah. My whole life, I'm about about 30 minutes north of Detroit. So Detroit's the nearest study to me, but I don't go
there
very often.
It's
kind of suburban,
it's suburban. Like my family is more rural but we're in a suburban area. Kind of like, I think our town has like 50,000 people. So it's, he sent says
what
are
The protest.
Yeah. We do have a lot of ours have been mostly peaceful. Um, like you know President, I don't know how you feel about him, but you know he is what he is. He's running in federal people and we don't want that here because our, our local like law enforcement is handling it pretty well. It's peaceful mostly. Let's go. Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you
guys
have Covid? Very bad there. Huh? Okay.
What?
wow.
That's good. I wish I could go back and if I get it.
What
is it?
What do you
guys, what's the policy you guys have right now? Yeah,
Well
that's
scary.
We had like a really, really early like bad peak. We were at one point the worst in the country, my county and we like all the hospitals were falling everything. So ours was early and they kind of handled it and then we had really strict, our governor is really strict, she like shut everything down. You couldn't even the store without like saying it was essential. You actually needed food you know they could definitely pull you over. Do you get in trouble there? Like we were locked down so helped a lot and that but now we're going back up again so you know it's like until we get the vaccine I guess try stuck.
What?
You guys probably don't have any big hospitals systems though so if you've got the outbreak and be bad there. Right.
Did
you did you get
when you're when you're person in your apartment was confected? You get tested?
Oh that's not good. Yeah.
Well
hopefully
if you
have an infection there, it's like the asymptomatic kinds of no one will even get sick from the, you know, they don't have to go to the hospital.
that's,
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Mm. People wear masks there when they go out
us to me and all buildings like and we're not allowed to have more than 10 people together unless it's a work.
But
and cancer
hug
each
other.
they don't do this thing.
Do you have kids? Yeah,
either.
I have a question. I've been like, I like different energy modalities, like I do Ricky um and I've been hearing about bono bono a lot dear. Are you familiar with that at all?
Okay.
I just know it's from Hawaii and it's like a good practice.
Iran
Did you like to travel when like before this happened, you go to like over the world or? Uh huh.
That's a good drive,
that's a long guy. Yeah,
mansion.
They're
built more.
Yeah, I know my in laws live in south Carolina. So we go down there sometimes. Mhm
Yeah, yeah, but I love to travel like our big thing was cruises and now I don't know if cruises are ever going to go again, but we'd always do family cruises like to the caribbean and my favorite places, a robot. That's the best place ever for me. The
beaches are so nice. I'm sure I would likewise beaches to have been there.
it's kind of south, almost almost a south south America, but its southern caribbean kind of Barbados and ST Lucia
yeah. Well I can tell you every was really nice.
Yeah.
That sounds really cool,
so.
hmm.
Yeah, I mean that's like my favorite thing and rock here we have rocks in mission. One good thing about michigan is all the different kinds of rocks the great lakes have and I do like jury. Yeah, yeah.
I love
it. I get it. Mhm
I like different Christie, I have a lot of christians to meditate with and stuff sometimes. I mean I don't even know people do anything but I like, I'm not pretty so
Placebo
the ball of active.
You
go
ahead. Yeah.
What? Mhm.
I used to talk really don't anymore. Yeah.
uh
like three years
it was okay. My husband was like a bigger smoker than me and we both quit together. So he had a hard and he had to do like the patches and the gum and stuff, but I didn't really, I just kind of was determined and but he spoke he spoke for longer than me too, so he probably had it harder because of that. But like it once you quit, if you ever do hit like it really the effects go away pretty quick. Like your cough cough like for the first couple weeks and then after that it gets all clear and health is better if you're interested. I don't know. Mhm.
Mhm.
Oh that's not good. Burning down. Thanks. Are you married or you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?
wow.
You
agreed to early? It's new near
Uh it's probably wondering
your
Mhm.
you been on that site for a while? I just joined a couple weeks ago and I've already made like, I think it gives you more surveys in the beginning that prolific and then like, because I've been getting lots of surveys every day and I've already made like more than I thought I would, so kind of cool. How?
Okay.
I've been on those two
before. I didn't like it. Uh huh.
Well that's
weird.
interesting. Oh, mm.
Mhm.
My brother told doesn't do and he told me to lie. He's like, you get way more surveys. He's like, look at all this money I made. He shows me he's like I said that I was a financial planner for like a large giant company. He's like, that's why I make all this survey, like, okay, well, I'm not gonna lie.
exactly. It's probably don't have time for this.
What?
good idea to try that. I found out about it on Reddit. That's like that beer money. So they have a beer money subgroup. I don't know if you're on Reddit, but that's how I found out
about
it.
you know?
Yeah.
wow, that's nice.
people are generous.
That's nice.
Um About a year I would say. Obviously I don't follow a lot on there, but I don't know, I'm interested in like weird stuff like glitch in the Matrix and like weird paranormal things, you know? Oh,
Oh yeah, I like that too on that one.
Not a missing for on one type. No, luckily, but now I'm scared. I was, I watched
all
the batteries though and I was like fascinated by it. The hunted and then the two missing one missing. Yeah. All right.
Oh yeah, you're right. Yeah. I remember though that almost weird. They're all, they're all weird. But like, you know, the thing that bothers me is I wish that david Pilates would say what he thinks it is because he clearly has a theory, but he won't say what he thinks it is like
my interviews and like he never will say it. He says, I don't want to say what it is, but you look at, you look at the facts, what's happening and it's like I wanted to understand what is it? What is?
I
think
I've
heard
the
Skin Walker one like my cousin totally believes the skin walk around, which is so scary because those things are creepy as hell I think. But I think I think it's more likely it's like the time portals. You know you go through a different time portal and then that's why they find the body later like in the same spot where they already look because it goes through a time portal and then like to get back or something. That's
what I think.
All right.
all right. Yikes
that's scary. Might have
patient
looks
video.
There has to be so much stuff in hawaii I would think because it's so ancient,
Let's go. Hey look we made it to 25 minutes. It was interesting how can you, I don't know where we're supposed to just comes out of this now and then we go back to the survey. I guess
what
I
surround
the
thing
out.
I still have another thing open that says X. M. At the top. And then that was the survey. It's the one that's his exam. It's blue
Okay.
All right, well
let's have a good day.
I.