Bye. Mhm. Right. Oh, all right, that they're going to give us a conversation topic,
Yeah, I was hoping I wasn't gonna get the free speech because I don't know what
Mhm. And combine um committing.
It's
hard. K M A I L E. Thank you.
Oh, I was born in Australia but I didn't hire you. Um
hands
up. Oh, I actually wanted to go in michigan
for the the rocks. The
Aggie
Rocks. Yeah,
the
great weeks. Yeah.
employees pretty I guess, I mean it has its ups and downs, but
All
Oh no, no. Why has its ups and downs? Sorry?
I've been here since I was 10, so most of my life, yes. But
yeah, you've always lived in michigan,
I
was,
yeah. Oh, you live in a rural area of
suburban
and
Yeah, that's about the
same
size as as my town where I live here. Yeah. Uh how's everything been with the the protests and everything and I hear about it like on the mainland happening, like
it's a big
that's absolutely yes. Yes.
Yeah.
The
president.
it's
all right. Um One of my neighbors in my apartment building had it, but then she had to go to a quarantine and everything, but she said she was fine that she's asymptomatic I guess. Um
She's, yeah, she said she felt better than ever,
Yeah. You know, they're taking the quarantine pretty serious. Like try and keep it out of the islands because like the population
did
produce
better
for like tourists or visitors. Uh there's a 14 day quarantine where you're supposed to stay in your hotel. Thank you don't get to go get food, don't liquid beach, nothing. They bring you food. And then after that
thing, yeah, put in over the past couple of days, we've had recent spikes in their numbers. So you're
thinking
about shutting down everything again? Yeah. Yeah. How's it going over there?
Yeah. Yeah. We had like a couple of days I think we're like you weren't allowed to go anywhere like no cars on the road. It was so strange like went outside the building at night and it was eerie like other than that so quiet
and that kept it down at first. But then yeah right now I guess everybody's relaxing sort of on a certain other numbers is going up again. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, you only have like On the island, there is like one big main hospital in Honolulu part of town. And then uh there's a new hospital on my side of the island I live on. Um It's also pretty like well facilitated but other than that there's only like smaller like only one or two like need level and the rest is just like clinics, urgent care take things off. Thanks so much. Yeah. I mean our
traffic
is it?
No I didn't. The testing sites. That's one thing you only have like two testing sites I think in a far drive.
Yeah. So that our numbers really could be much higher than they're saying. It's not everybody getting tests serious. No. Yeah but at night I feel sorry
then
it's
scary department.
Right? Um Oh the only reason my neighbor even knew she was sick because her husband has like a heart condition and one of her co workers got sick. So she tested just in case because her husband might not have with the time with it and then she got it. She was sick
so mhm That's that's yeah.
Right.
Uh
Yeah, there's the car. I don't know if it's like illegal but like there's a policy in place that you're supposed to, we're mask. Mhm
I just yeah, but then they're thinking about opening up the schools the next week I think. Yeah. But then to me that doesn't really make sense. Like
if you have like other types of gatherings and all the other distancing kind of stuff like kids
is going
to be like all
over
each other. Yeah.
Yes, but on each other in
No, I don't have kids.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't know if you spend your happening yet. Right. Um uh uh Yeah. So bad lately. Did I wouldn't call it like um Thanks cold. Start conversations like you don't know anything about a person so hey um mm
Not really, no,
no.
Uh huh. No, I hadn't heard of that one. I know a lot of the stuff sleep. Like if I see articles elsewhere about Hawaii like on facebook or whatever and then I go read it, some of the stuff is sort of like embellished or like
not, yeah, I'm not sure at all. Yeah, it'll have like pictures of like one place and then be like, oh the majestic, like this waterfall and on a completely different island in the picture they showing like, because you know that you just show like a tropical, like something they don't look like the places targeted. Uh Yeah. Right.
I would like to um, I know so far was born in Australia and then I've been here and then I went to the main, we call the mainland to continue to us um When I was in high school um to prison, uh my friend's mother didn't Maryland and we drove down to north Carolina and then
yeah, and then back up, although it in new york, so.
Yeah. Well it was nice. Yeah. Went to Asheville in north Carolina suicide amount. Oh yeah, yeah, I
like to
do,
yeah, I was there too. Yeah, that was cool. I wanted to go into all the rooms, but obviously you cannot.
mm hmm.
Well,
Yeah. Unless it's some of the issues are like over the overcrowded obviously and stuff like that, like when I look at pictures like it was in the caribbean, uber. Uh huh.
Oh, that other caribbean pictures on the internet always look really nice. But then could be seemed like you're like where you just put any pictures?
Yeah.
I wanted to remember seeing on the internet. I don't know what where in the caribbean it was but there was an island completely made out of the Koch shows like that. I guess they go harvest the shows so they they eat the animal. Yes. And they have been dumping the shells in the same place for like generations and it's made up island. Yes,
entire. Yeah. And this
I like to pick the shows. Mhm.
Yeah. Uh huh.
do that too. Yeah. I pick shows and then yeah. To the wires and all that. And then on days when there's not that many shows and like I'll find myself picking up like that rock has a nice pattern on it. And then so I was looking up like rocks. And then yeah, other stuff is about michigan the baguettes with the despite error with
the lion.
When I was little, my parents had like a collection of like, I guess semi freshest stop all the little different kind of minerals and gemstones. But just, you know the next stones? They love playing with those. Mm I frequently find my own. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. I think maybe it's like the like if you're putting like the positive energy into it, you know, create your own reality. I guess. So. Yeah. So it works if you yeah, that's not
what's that? Oh yeah,
yeah. Yeah. It could be that. Oh sure. Do you mind if I smoke a city? I don't know if that
if
that
We're secondhand smoke free. Okay.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
How long ago did you quit? Mm
How to tackle?
And I my neighbor recently and she was saying like that your sense of taste comes back so much that she didn't even realize how much it was gone. Well that that one really got me thinking like what kind of case all the foods that you. Uh huh.
Yeah. I've tried like the gun before. The nicotine gum. But to me, I don't know, it was like spicy or set the, it had like a, I didn't like it.
I have a boyfriend a little bit up there. Uh, He's sleeping right now. It's 6:00 AM, you know? Yeah.
So he
system,
I had to stay up to get up this early, honest. I
had
this, Oh no, I, I told him before and I can definitely 15. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mm.
You know what, maybe like a month or so? And I think my total was at night 50 something um good ish pounds or Yeah, it's right. But then when my boyfriend seemed like it was like actually working, it's not like the other like like take surveys and when $1000 cash, you know that those kinds like uh yeah,
he wanted to try to
so
Yeah, so we signed him up for one and then I'll check my one and tell him to check his one at the same time and he'll have so much more to me every time. And why
they
yeah. Yeah, I don't know if it's gender or uh he's african american. I don't know if that like on a demographic thing is is
Yeah, that
seems like what did you pick for all your things? It's so much more opportunity.
huh. Yeah, I was thinking that it might be like the income type stuff because I guess like if you, if you're taking surgeries to make a couple extra daughters, maybe your, your income levels not so you know, so maybe that's it. Yeah.
Right. And so I was thinking, Oh, if I said I made like $20,000 and maybe I get 20 surveys, but then they like, or like the consumer-based questions where it's like, how often
do you buy the following week for some of those? I tried to cook with all of them even if I never buy that thing for a while. Yeah.
that's
where I found it to. Yeah. Yeah, that's where I found
it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't really tried many of the other suggestions. Some of them like every went on the website or they tried to start it. But is it complicated? Like
thanks and then too much they sign up. Thank you restrictions. I feel perfectly comedian. Yes, wow. Mm.
Actually um the other day I I had some luck. It's the first time I ever did like anything like this is we're trying to do laundry But we didn't have money for laundry and then the Laundry map building is $2 for washing three for dry. So $5 for like a small small goga. So then I just asked, I asked on the assistance one just for money for a couple loads of laundry And then a guy misses me, what's your people? And then sent me $100.
Yeah, I was not expecting that at all. It and then he said like oh if you if you scrounging up pennies for bonjour, I figured you could use some food to sort of at all. Yeah. Yeah that was that made me get, it was so surprising that the Prime Minister
visited.
How long have you been? Unready?
I like them. We've seen 4111.
Yeah. Have you had any experiences like that yourself?
Some
are,
yeah, I think I've seen one of them missing for 11 document. Use the main one is Dior Coots the little boy in, was it Utah or um Idaho or something? A little boy that your family went camping in the Yeah.
Yeah and I'm the sub
right because everybody can try their own conclusions. Yeah. Yeah, some of the theories is kind of like, like out land jewish little bit like like I feel like the predominant one that I should use like fairies and then, I mean, I mean like who knows? But that wasn't
what
I was expecting to see,
is
that
the
I had
a call. My God, I don't know if it would qualify as that kind of experience. Exactly. But oh what time me and to my friends went hiking here and who are you? And we went on like an unmarked hike in between two values, like the mountain ridges are very steep and they don't have values like that go all the way up. And so this one um following the creek bed up the valley, makes the beach, you work on the rocks like crazy, the streamers dry at the time. And then um after
they get opened up like a metal kind of area is like a big canopy and it was the most magical place I've ever been that you felt like it was buzzing. Yeah it was so nice. And then in Hawaii we have this thing where um there's a certain plant called the it's actually what I named after the mighty okay. The leaves have a really distinctive smell like nothing else smells like that. It's hard to describe but it's it's like a secret plant that if you smell it and you can't see any of it around. That means like the spirits is around and like walk into that thing that I'd smell the smell like so much. And then I it took me a second at first like even remember like what that snow was And then you see the um rock walls it's called heels. Which is like ancient coin. They built walls and the like like secret alter types of us. So it's not the smell and they keep walking a little bit and then we'll see the rock wall, it's like built 30 year. And then uh so something we're supposed to put a rock on the wall, they add to it to respect it I guess. So then my two friends therefore the main and from us and they're like what are you doing when you put in a rock? And I was like because you're supposed to and they never put a rock. So then we kept going and then the trail was kind of like but you are doing that, you have to go switch back over the creek bed, okay where the valley walls would be. I haven't described the like the creek is going like this year. And then so then you gotta go back and forth over it to fit in between the valley. So that split up go up and then uh we ended up joining back up as it didn't narrowed and then we decided to head back home already. So then they start walking on way and I'm walking the other way and like what are you doing? It used to be going home, and they're like yeah we're going home, I was like that's this way, like and they're ignoring that's this way.
So then he was like yeah it was two against one, so then I started following them and we're walking for a long time and they're saying they see we've seen these trees, see we notice rock, we passed this really and then keep going, keep going. And then one of my friends he stops and he starts looking at the creek bed and there's like a small trick of the water and it was like the water is going up, it was like oh shit like we're going the wrong way because like the water council up the mountain, you know? So then so then like they never put the lock on the wall and then they thought they were going the other way. So I was like torches. Yeah,
yeah, we're going further and further into the value. So yeah, he turned around and went back but yeah,
I know that quite
counselor
if it's Mhm. Yeah, I don't know if it's like the spirits or whatever that was just like no sense of direction. But
yeah, there's quite a lot of I've had others yes, all over the island, certain areas where they don't build anything on it because the rock walls and stuff and even if they are on the google earth from space you gives you plenty of room destructions and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah, I think
so. I I read it but I don't I don't know if
I was
supposed
to
call
this window.
Um Oh, I don't think I even wait, I never click the arrow at the bottom of the of the instructions one like I just click the link on me. Uh
Oh wait no I click the arrow now and I just went to my account I guess we know then. Okay. Yeah. It has it. The how did it go? Questions. All
All
After you too.