Uh huh. Yeah mm. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. See. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay mm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Sure. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Can you hear me? Cool.
Zillow weaker but interesting. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You said you can hear me. Mhm.
Okay.
Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay.
No, I don't
think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Like getting a message. Yeah. Yeah.
Fuck yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Common sense.
So yeah, I can hear you.
Maybe
that might have something to do with it. I don't know. I'm on phones so it could be it's a better
platform.
berries,
you know? Yeah. Cool. Uh What's Right,
I'm
sorry what
was it?
H. I. R. E. N. Okay. Cool. Um Nate.
Yeah. I'm
sorry.
Um Columbia Missouri.
I love Nashville man. Nashville is one of the coolest cities I've ever been to.
cool. This is for two.
Yeah. Do Nashville is a nice city though? Um Well I guess you're a few of your months have been interrupted with covid 19 but one hand you'll get to see. It's pretty cool.
no problem.
Vanderbilt tonight school? Yeah.
And expanding.
Yeah. It's supposed to be like the country music capital of the world. And I went for New Year's one time and thankfully only heard one country song. So.
I hear them. I
Yeah, I guess that's the it's like aspect of it. What brought you to Nashville?
What? Okay.
I'm just uh your partner, like a professor
post up rotate. I'll be there eventually. Uh
Yeah. Well what's sold?
Very interesting. I mean psychology, cognitive psychology. So I do research on human memory fascinating. So where are you at? Men in your,
are you?
I'm the same way I work from coffee shops all the time and so it was a weird transition working from home. But um
it's okay. So is Nashville like is it opening back up now or?
I.
Okay. Yeah that's similar to what happened here. So Columbia Missouri, it's like the fourth largest city in the state. It's like 150,000 people. Somehow we got really lucky. We only have four active cases in the entire county which is relative to the population size. And Missouri just lifted its statewide stay at home order monday and Columbia slowly eat. So like hair salons just opened this week. Um Local coffee shops actually reopened. I swung by one but I I don't
feel comfortable yet inside it so I just got tipped. But let's see how that plays out
it.
it's warming up.
Yeah. So you you still do like a pretty normal work day though because you said you go for a walk at five.
Well
Yeah it's a doctoral program. I'm like in my third year I lose track of time. It's at least a five
year
program but it might take me six years especially now with COVID-19 because that's
kind of interrupted some of my data collection. Yeah
so
we're we're over
I work with older adults um studying their memory and since they're highly at risk population, I can't really bring them into the lab. So
actually I started moving to try putting studies on prolific to see what that would be like.
Yeah, I mean that's actually not even thought of that really. So we do like computerised tasks. So basically we show people like The picture of the face and then maybe 30 minutes later we asked them, did you see this face or something like that? I can probably that actually. So we could do a zoom meeting, will zoom in the older adults and
show them our faces and then I don't anyways, it's not a bad idea.
It's been.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah, we'll definitely have to consider something like this because even once, so campuses trying to resume in the fall and that happened and uh, it's a pretty big campus, so it probably won't happen. So this might be going on for a while
to like
the least. Thank
you.
Yeah, I'm in a very gray
area so I'm both a student but I also
teach classes and it's like Brett students are have only recently been recognized as like
and stuff. Really gray area and several. All right.
Well campus.
Yeah. Recently how it's happened here is that we have a lot more bargaining power because I think our union was only formally recognized like two or maybe three years ago.
Um Mississippi actually, so about an hour outside of New Orleans and the coast of Mississippi I think I don't have a southern accent but that's how I'm familiar with Nashville actually. So I went to I did my undergraduate studies at the University of Mississippi which is an Oxford which is about an hour south of Tennessee. It's very near Memphis actually if you turn it to Memphis it's worth checking out but it's nowhere near as nice as Nashville.
strap.
Yeah you're flying or something like it. We were a three hour drive so I can only imagine it must be like a 30 minute flight.
I
understand
that
That's
so long. That be a long one. Yeah well you're also not too far from them and uh but again if you don't have a car might not be.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. That's probably actually about how long it would take to drive there
too.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean like in terms of like your environmental impact it's great that you don't have a car. But this is one of the instances where having a car would be really nice because you're missing out. I'm not getting to drive through the Appalachians because I think it's like Eastern Tennessee is some of the most beautiful country I've ever seen.
What you Very nice.
yes I was supposed to have a trip to Austin texas and if you sometime in the summer time and I assume that's been canceled. I haven't heard it, it's been cancelled yet, I'm just banking on it's been cancelled and I'm kind of disappointed because I was really looking forward to. I've never been there before. I've
heard pretty cool things about it. I've been to san Antonio which was surprisingly really
great. It's like 8th largest city in America but it feels so much smaller than that. They have really awesome riverwalk and so I was really blown away with san Antonio so I assumed Austin can only be even better. Which was so it's kind of disappointing that that's probably cancelled,
Yeah. Didn't there before? I don't really know that. I think Dallas could be cool to check out that. I don't think it's really the part of texas I'd most want to go to.
Okay. Right so you said you're going to move back to D. C. In a few months?
Okay and is your partner trying to go into academia or?
Yeah. Well I can imagine it would possibly be opened and I think there's probably yes
but I don't
and well yeah they did that crazy like herd immunity thing that did not work out. Thanks. Really shocking when you see something like the UK. I think they only have like 60 million inhabitants and they're so their death rate far exceeds like per capita the United States. Yeah.
Yeah London is one of the, I want to say it's like one of the top 10 if not 15 largest metro areas in the world. So is it populated?
True? Yeah. New york It's
wild you say. But it's, if you think about the size of the city, it's fairly small. So like Los Angeles land wise is like five times as big as new york city population. It's just packed. I think it's, I think New York has like at least nine million people now. nine million people into the size of the city that's smaller than Nashville land wise. Yeah, it's too densely populated.
I think it's getting better now.
Yeah. I checked world amateurs live their daily numbers every day and now I'm like, I'll just check it like once every three days or something like that. Guys to
it too.
Help.
Um Well it's world meters dot com. They have, it's on like all sorts of things, but they have a coronavirus one now. It's very accurate. And then Sometimes I look, I think it's the John Hopkins
one. Yeah, I like this because they have a really nice interactive maps.
Very
do your parents live in one of the more densely populated
areas?
problem.
It seems like that should be pretty effective
just.
Wasn't India like it was a little bit farther behind in terms of when it was starting to get cases. So maybe they reacted to how the rest of the
world was handling.
time
and probably no end in sight.
And these, these peaks are hard to really nail down because like various peak was supposed to be April 18 and then we reported the highest number of new cases this Monday, right? As we were reopening. But that's because there was like a pork processing plant that apparently like employees tested positive on the same day. Yeah.
So there might be two soon.
There might be food shortages soon,
hopefully.
Well, but then
there's the murder hornets,
the murder appointments. Oh,
corn. It's, have you heard about these like giant corn?
All right, reading american today and they are terrifying.
I think they're really located in japan, but they got probably on some cargo ship somehow. They got, they're in Washington state now and they're terrorizing local bee farms. So they're trying to do a containment quickly because if they don't, and these murder hornets spread across the United States will be potentially massive food shortages because the american honey bee doesn't have the defense system that japanese these do. It's fascinating but also horrifying. These things sound absolutely terrifying.
Yeah. So that's not an ideal. It's like 2020 is really trying to end the world. Yeah.
It's been a hell of the year,
you know?
doesn't have to deliver the baby like alone. So I know some hospitals have done where like if you're not a patient you can't be in the hospital quickly. So like family can't be there. That horn is kind of terrifying.
Probably not super great kevin their proximity in new york, you just seem like family and friends dispersed all around the globe, which is pretty cool. I just want you to go everywhere.
Unintended consequences. Like I enjoy just the smallest things in life now. Like walk like you mentioned, I love going for walks now. It's just so it clears your head some moment to get out and then I've been a little bit closer with my friends to zoom has been a lifesaver.
It's really cool.
Yeah. All right. Yeah, it's just everywhere. The zoom. I had heard about zoom just briefly before coronavirus happened and then all of a sudden it's like I had no idea how popular it was. I thought people might still be using Skype and stuff.
Yeah. Well, they had those like zoom bombing, you know, like people getting on other people's chats and then there was like head of files in like school classes, I think in colorado me that's horrifying. So that's why they really, a lot of universities and other schools have actually dropped any, like you can't use zoom anymore. So
we had
Yeah, that would be inconvenient to say. It's
only
All
Um probably I'm turning work less on the weekend, I think. Um I might go for like a little road trip through Missouri, so Missouri in the summertime. So Missouri's failed to show me steak and we have the Ozarks, it's just beautiful rolling hills of pen oaks and I don't know what other kinds of trees, maybe there will be a winery that's open and I can get some wine but I don't I don't know about that.
So we have like a lot of wineries in the area next to napa, we have the most wineries in the country I think.
That's cheeky.
Mhm. Yeah that's why they're all here too so it might actually I think they're probably open now because the statewide order just lifted so that could be something to check out.
Otherwise um there's like some state parks I might go to
A few of them have just reopened. Yes actually Missouri didn't close off its state parks.
Yeah they did close of those. So so like parks remained open like the trails at park so you can walk on those. But any equipment had sometimes they were even there was like caution tape on the benches like you can even sell. Which is uh.
Yeah and then wash your hands thoroughly when you like I don't think I really touched my face very often. This has definitely made me not touch my face
that often. And you get freaked out when you do especially once you let me go to the grocery store and then you come back. You're like did I wash my hands before I touched my face?
That's pretty smart
here to have a whole foods there. I soon
I love whole foods or trader joe's is actually
my favorite and Colombia regretfully has neither.
I
don't know why. Yeah
We have a it's called Lucky's Market which is basically the same thing except it literally just went out of business.
Yeah. Oh the it was it happened a few months before Covid but Harris just shuttered its doors first week of March.
Very disappointed.
Different grocer did buy it but they still have it closed until they're doing renovations and stuff like they went to reopen and I'm not sure what it's going to be like and not so Lucky is was like a very local organic type of foods but also not everything's organic as you know. Uh huh. But it was like more locally sourced stuff and it was actually really affordable and I'm worried that the new company is gonna be a lot more expensive.
five my arse. We're five miles pretty far to walk. But I think the closest trader joe's to me is in ST louis which is like an hour and a half away. Yeah. Oh same at whole foods.
Yeah. I think your city has to have a certain population Probably like at least 150,000. And we're just shy at that.
Okay. Yeah that makes sense. All
Very nice
down. Okay. So I think so. I just want look I just put up the survey page just as we've been on for 47 minutes. So actually yeah, I think really needed 25 minutes. And so do you have that page still?
Um Let's see. So you got the link to the
study
Yeah that's what I used to. Um
Do you have an obstruction screen
of the email that they are the message they send you on prolific. Yeah, interesting. So mine they sent in the email or in the message. It first took me to an instruction screen and then on the instruction screen there was an additional link that I clicked that pulled up this video. Um So I can tell you what it says on this if you don't have this.
Um Yeah, let me uh and pulling out my email topic. Okay, what what am I email
email you?
Okay, I'm sorry. He said H. I. R. E. And
and what pacino Oh okay. And
I, you know.
um Yeah, I think so. So at the end of the instructions, okay, just
says
um
And Uh huh. Yeah,
I just emailed you um since your email and see if you can get that, I don't know. I'll come from it.
What?
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I think so actually online there's like a little blue arrow at the bottom, I think I can click that and I don't know if it's going to end the conversation,
but
because
we've all
Yeah, I just went
Okay. Mhm.
Yeah, I think that's it. Um
Yeah, I think so. All right, well then um I guess I think we can close this window out.
That's the block with moving to the UK
two? Yeah. Well I'm sure even if they're they're on hold um there will be some time in the future where you guys will be moving there because I can't imagine they would give up his position
so
Yeah, but that does sound very annoying to be up in here, but
there
will
be
some.
Both.
Yeah. Coffee or something.