Yeah. Okay.
Over the years. Mhm. Okay.
Mm hmm. See. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Mhm, mm hmm.
Mhm. I'm not sure what happened there. Um, It gave me some issue about like streaming. I don't know are you having the same issue? Thanks.
So,
Yeah.
Time's a charm I think. Can you remember?
I don't know for some reason, every couple of minutes it says that it cannot upload the stream or something because you know, so I was an edge and so now I moved to chrome's. Maybe we hopefully work a little better. Yeah. As
you,
Brass
form. Yeah. For for me, I just use uh Prolific on the other one. So it just opened up there. Sorry. Right. All right.
To start all over again.
I'm hidden
here.
N
H I R E M.
Left. Nice to meet, you know, very low.
Where
are you located?
Oh, wow, Okay. Um, I am in Nashville Tennessee.
It's so we just moved here. Um We moved from Washington D. C. So I lived in dc almost like a decade. So um
I mean I miss D. C. But that's because I've lived there for like 10 years and we just moved here like six months ago so we don't know as many people.
Yeah I mean I think I'm like I like the people here. It was like first when we moved here we since we didn't know anybody, I thought it would be much harder to let meet people, especially if you're not in college and like you know we're very close to Vanderbilt
so we get a lot of Vanderbilt students around.
but I'm liking this the scene. Uh you know the restaurants, bars. Um It's a good scene. Um It's just a little bit too much because it's become like a mini Vegas as like a lot of coming here
to like party and like a lot of bachelorette parties all the time. So.
I mean yeah I'm not a big country music fan so
um I totally I mean we we've been to a couple of places that do not country stuff. Um It's a little predominant here with the country music, but like the one thing that I've noticed is that you cannot go out for karaoke or anything else because everybody is a singer. It's. Yes.
Um So my partner got a job at Vanderbilt for a year. So we're just here for one years which also acts like this additional complexity in some way. Because it's like we're only here for one year. Do we really need to go out and like meet people for this one year because we're moving back to D. C. After
Prison.
A post doc.
Area.
We're both in economists.
So
um so I graduated about 10 years ago and I've worked uh in public policy consulting for a private small private business in but mostly doing government consulting. And so it's my job is such that they allowed me to work remotely. So you know I've been doing remote work for like a long about six months or so. So you know when covid head it was like nothing changed. The only thing that changed was like I used to go a lot to coffee shops and like hang out at coffee shops. Um Now it's just working from home the entire time.
And
um the state opened friday. Um uh No I think last last friday but the city is still um band or has
banned everything till I want to say next week. And then it's going like a slow opening up where it will open up like um Mhm. Hair salons and things like that.
comfortable.
So are at least my favorite coffee place doesn't, I mean it used to have a little bit of seating, but like it's more like to go kind of coffee place. But we were seeing, we go, so just to be seen because we live in a one bedroom And me and my partner both work from home now, so it's just being 24 hours and so we go for a walk um
About an hour each day right after work at five. Um People there weren't really like um social distancing in some way and I was just like to me it was like but you're just there to like get coffee, how hard will it be to like. It's still it's kind of funny but I think everybody is also been like store crazy when like everybody's just sitting at home or not.
Yeah. Yeah. It was also like 75° so it was like a perfect weather to be outside
Yeah so we do pretty much good. Um I mean my work was always the way that it works was like I had flexible hours as long as I put in like eight hours per day. It doesn't matter when I do it. So you know if there is something that I wanted to do during the day, I could like okay just take off for like an hour or so, have lunch with friends or um and then just pick up that additional hour later on in the evening or um or over the weekend in some way. So as long as you did the work, it didn't really matter when you did it in some way. So I like that kind of flexibility. Um
So are you in the grad program there then?
Or
run?
All
What can I ask, what
kind of research
do you do?
Whoa.
I was thinking like either that or like you could do zoom meetings with them, Would that not work do you need?
No.
I mean if it's just pictures
you could still like on the zoom, you could just share something with them and they would see the pictures too.
I mean even
though
I
think random built or at least from what I know they're doing is that they might not have students, but they might have staff who might come back in. So if your staff you might be still okay. Ah
So
Well,
Staff. Yeah. Oh,
At Wisconsin, I went to school at Wisconsin's and in the and Madison. Yeah.
They had a union until like it was broken down I guess in some way because the scott walker coming back as our governor, he basically did was break down all the unions in the state. Uh So we used to have like a lot of bargaining power and so they would recognize us as staff as even though we were just teaching assistants or research assistance. Um
but that's good. So where are you originally from?
I have friends who lived there in Memphis. Um And so I've been there a couple of times to visit them actually for their running. Um But yeah it's just like. Tennessee is just weird because it's not connected in any way or form and we don't drive because we lived in D. C. We don't have a car and we just never growth. Um And so we don't have a car. And so it just feels like the only way we could actually get to Memphis was fly. It was like a fly
then might as well go somewhere.
it's not a long flight but like I tried to like because my friends they came here and they were like oh you should come visit us. And so I was like trying to like look for ways to get to Memphis and The only way was through like greyhound but like it took 12 hours and I was like
I could
take it to 12
hours. Thank
you.
so we go to a client because my sister lives there. Um
Yeah, so,
but we just take the mega bus and it's about a four hour drive.
the
makeup us does, it goes directly. Uh
Actually, we were just talking with a couple of friends and they were driving to go see family and so um they didn't want to fly and um they haven't seen their mom in a while and they live in michigan, so on their way back they might stop by and we might just do like a week where we just because it's so cheap to do Airbnb where we'll just go our next day in one of those cabins in the smoking mountains for a week. But that's something that we were planning on doing. I hope we can do it. Um
And I mean we had like a lot of plans this summer of our friends coming to visit like every other weekend. And so we just assumed like you know they know how to drive and we really just rent a car and like go and like look at states um look at all the nearby regions in some way, like you know my sister lives in the planter, so we've done like some of the smaller things like Chattanooga and Ashwell and like south Carolina, myrtle beach and all those places. But I don't know, it's just everything is up in the air right now.
Remember.
it
Yeah, I've been to Austin once but that was almost like 10 years ago, but our office uh is headquartered in Dallas texas. Um But I don't like Dallas at all, but I think it's because we are based in Arlington Fort Worth area and there is like nothing around it, it's just like highways, highways and that the only thing that you can see is the Dallas football stadium and that's about it. Um.
I mean my coworkers who lived there really love it. Um And this is like a couple of my coworkers who grew up so um you know they really they really really like it. Um But uh I don't know I guess because I don't live downtown and we're only going for work. Um It's not I haven't really noticed or really liked what I've seen so far at least. Um But I don't know anything about Dallas I guess I only know things about Arlington.
Yeah, in august because that's when it's closed up position ends.
so he has a position which is also up in the air. Um, but he has a position in UK at the University of Exeter, So that starts in September one. So we have like a cross country uh cross country moves that we might be doing if the borders open up and stuff like,
is not uh
not doing good at all. I think it's just surpassed in the number of deaths for like Italy and it's
but it's also, it's, it's not as bad and like the other parts, I think it's mostly bad in England. Um, to, so, you know, I mean it's also because in England it's much more highly dense population as opposed to like if you go to the other other parts.
Yeah, I mean at least London at least I haven't heard London being as bad as like new york. Did you know how, when new york?
Work?
10 years.
Yeah, I've heard that at least it's more under control now, but I've also been sort of desensitized because we really paid attention like only from mid february um and uh March and now I'm like ok, this is just nothing is really changing. So like I look at it like once a day or like once every other day. But no.
the
one on Youtube, is that
the one that you're talking about or the Jae hee won?
the GHQ
and I like that now they're doing where you can see uh the change, let the law changes and I think those very
uh huh um then so my partner is italian um and so and his family lives in Northern Italy, so like, you know we were very much when Italy was blowing up, we were like totally checking it all the time um and then now I'm and I'm indian so now I feel like it's getting a little worse than India um and my parents live in India, so you know it's a little, it's like now that we just got over Italy being okay because Italy is doing a little bit better now, like India is doing worse, so it's like
so they
do live in Mumbai but before because Italy was going so bad, we have like a country house and so I told them to just go and stay in the country house um so they are now in the country house for I think the past two months my mom is like going crazy, she's like I want to go back to Mumbai, I was like, oh you
cannot, but in um but India did was also they imposed like a military curfew. Um So you know nobody can even leave your area in some way. Um
Yeah but it's so densely populated, like
If one person gets it it's going to spread like wildfire and we don't have the health care system um that's in any of the developed countries and so you know that's where our prime minister did a really good job like um you know before even blew up I think we had like Less 500 cases when we we started shutting the country down. Oh. Mhm.
Well
so I think it was blowing up in italy when we just started getting our first few cases and that was through foreigners who were coming in. So the first thing they did was just shut the entire country down like the borders like nobody can go go in or go out and then um they what he did was that we were going to start I think March, March 22nd. He said we would do. The only reason I remember it was my mom's birthday and my mom was like oh there is a curfew on my birthday, I can't really go anywhere. Um And so he did was like a one day curfew just telling everybody that we are going to be shut down for one day. But then as soon as that they ended they extended for a week and then they extended for four more weeks. So you know it's just been curfew for um Since May 22, March 22. So it's been it's
not
no and that's yeah especially because now they think They are doubling their rate but it's every 15 days or so, so it's not that it's low um but it's still increasing so I don't think they've reached their peak and they say that the peak is going to be like mid june so. Mhm.
Yeah. That's
Sorry.
Yeah, I'm bacterian.
So it's not gonna act. Yes
it
there is work.
one The Murder.
The murder.
Are they the ones that are killing all the bees in asia? That's that's what I heard. I haven't.
And we already had at least the last couple of years I've heard about like not having enough Bs for um population or something or the decreasing number of bees in some way too. So
One of my friends posted some things like I paid $1000 to welcome, I've been to a party and he paid like $1000 to welcome 2020 I think I need $1000 back and. Yeah.
Yeah I know.
Um Yeah we had like a lot of plants like my parents were supposed to come visit here um and then help us move. Um And so all of that is going to be, we don't know what's going to happen and then um one of our cousin is pregnant and is due like in two weeks. So we were supposed to go and help her uh with everything and I was like I don't think we can go and help her. We don't want to be around like a newborn baby when just flow flew there so we'll see what what to do here,
Yeah, one of my best friends, she just had a baby but it was she's in L. A. And um the day before uh they shut that down, like the visitors aren't allowed she had her baby. So like at least mike could be there for for the birth of their child. But um my cousin is in boston so I don't know how boston is dealing with it in some way. So.
Yeah. I mean I think it's because also like all my cousins um we all left India at some point of time so that uh we were like 10 12 of us. And uh we only have two cousins who live back in India, like everybody else is like spread around um Bhakti, like when we go to UK we're gonna go stay with my cousin for like a couple of weeks before we find housing and stuff like that, so you know it's great to um but we have like a the one thing that I like or I think something positive that happened with Covid is that you know all our cousins, we never used to like hang out or talk to each other and now all of a sudden uh we have like every weekend there is like a zoom party but like we all like hang out on chit chat and talk so I don't know if that's hired with you.
yeah, we do like this um like because I was in Wisconsin, I still have friends and Wisconsin and so we did like uh a couple of days ago maybe Tuesday night we did like a UKIP party like you know you play cards but online. So um my friend, she now organizes like every saturday you can join in anytime you want, but like from morning to evening there is like a on online game party that they do. Yeah.
Um Yeah, there is like I think that it's like way too much assumes as hell now and my my life now, I'm like I can only do one zoom or day like an hour I think. Um
so I think for work um we used to use Skype but like we move to teens now, Microsoft teens. Um But most of our clients you zoom which is kind of interesting to me because it's the government and it should be more secure and I don't feel like zoom.
So the only
the one thing that's good about zoom as opposed to like Skype and teams is that zoom? You can you can see multiple people at the same time in type or at least in teams. You can only see four people. So you don't see that the four most recent people who talked. Um Yeah.
So
they can zoom you can have like the more number of people join, the smaller each gets in
some way. But it's it's sort of like helpful to like see everybody to make sure that everybody is paying attention and stuff like that. But yeah either way. Mhm. So what are you what do you have planned for the rest of the we can't age is working.
Thanks.
Could you you could just get a bottle and like have a blanket and just like sit out. I mean you don't need to be. I'd like most of the countries that we have because the Virginia has a lot of white memories too. So
they you could like just take a bottle and I go out and like they allow you to like go sit on their lawn and like
yeah you could call them earlier if you already know which one you want to go to in some way
we are open already state parks.
Okay. It was like every playground was closed. Like you could see like even like neighborhood playgrounds had like tape around them so that no kids. No.
that I mean that makes sense because you know if you're just sitting down and somebody else just sat down before you could be in effect too. So No you don't really know and understand that part of it. But like when we go out we do try not to touch anything. It's it's kind of
it's
so we don't know we stopped going to the grocery store, we just like get delivered. Um
and I think amazon does uh or whole foods does a really good job of delivering things.
Yeah, it just opened up like mhm end of february, which is we went at once and it's a block away from us, but we don't really go there to do groceries, we just get into the world from there. Yeah,
Terror.
Oh, they don't have
either.
Yeah,
no, because of the covid,
That's kind of,
that's kind of crazy that nobody liked bought it up. I would have seemed like somebody would have bought it up.
Yeah, I love trader joes, it's just it's not closed to us, it's about like five miles away from us and we don't have a car, so it's like and as opposed to like a block for whole foods in some ways, so. Right.
Oh yeah, I guess. Yeah. I mean, I would assume that now that amazon bought whole foods that they are going to like really like push whole foods all everywhere. Um but I haven't heard anything survey.
Because amazon just um or opened um so the amazon building just opened up. So the amazon is coming to Nashville um and right and the whole foods is right below below it. So it's basically like two in one combination of like oh, we just are going to build a new building. So might as well have whole foods at the bottom of it.
interesting. Mm
I guess are we done with her talk? Are we supposed to do something else? Do you know? I forgot.
No. Wait what pages this
could
because I used the copy paste. You are all
mhm. And that just popped this up. Mm hmm.
No, I didn't have an instruction grain and just totally burnt out when directly to this then.
Can you email me
and
I. R. E. N. I. U. S. At Gmail dot com?
Us?
Just
Yeah the link to wear the survey because I think you're supposed to do a 20 minute survey. Right. Okay. Okay.
Thanks.
All right. Can maybe I'll see if I open that. Take the survey link because I didn't use to take the survey link but I don't want to screw our video up. Is it already uploaded? Mhm.
Because it doesn't really tell me anything on. Mhm. It says archiving on but that's about it.
Yeah.
I did mm
She wouldn't go. Oh I found an electronic. No, that's probably right. Oh yeah. Okay. Should I just click that? But you're not wrong? Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. What? Uh huh. mm.
00 I did see that. Mhm. Okay.
Open the tab. Okay and then oh
okay so maybe I just fill this up after?
no
it doesn't
because
I I just collect it on mine. Mhm mm. Did work for you
and it just asked you about like did you have any technical quote choose? Mhm.
Mhm. Okay so yeah
And just follow and do the 20 minute uh so today I guess.
it was it was nice to talk to you.
I don't know. All those plans are like uphold
no
so they already asked him uh to like send a lot of information through so I'm guessing that it's going to be fine. Um It's just much more of like when can we move when can we start planning? When can we do think? I think
I want
one of
those
people
who just want wants to get it done so that, you know, it's not hanging over my head not knowing those things. But I guess I have your email, so if you're ever in Nashville for the next three months, maybe
we'll grab a drink.
Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Bye.