SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, actually, yeah. Mhm. Right, mm hmm. Yes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: What can you in? It's not something
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: uh is my microphone working?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I can hear you won I don't want my stuff. All
SPEAKER_L: Your stuff is all good.
SPEAKER_R: so you got here through the prolific thing
SPEAKER_L: christian,
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: that is exactly what happened yet. Um yeah, I mean, I read through uh so I guess we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's what it sounds like.
SPEAKER_L: Well, hi. Yeah, I'm sam
SPEAKER_R: I'm James.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you James letter. Uh where are you from? James
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well I'm originally
SPEAKER_L: number?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from California, I live in Portland. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Nice.
SPEAKER_R: The the Oregon one, not the main
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: the main one that would be a little closer to me. I'm over on the east Coast, I'm in massachusetts uh
SPEAKER_R: nice place I've been, I've been to the East Coast
SPEAKER_L: finished
SPEAKER_R: a few times. My parents, my grandparents were from new york,
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yeah, that's actually that's where I grew up was in new york and I moved out for high school. Um and then I went to college
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: here and
SPEAKER_R: good thing.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, um I'm actually, I just, this past year bought a house that I've been renovating, which is where I'm at right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Thanks. Yeah, it was, I mean I did it with my parents, I would not have been able to do that just myself. But yeah my mom and I bought a big very old farmhouse um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: sort of like a rural part of the state and yeah just like I've just been renovating it and hopefully we'll be rent actually it's a multi family so there's some rental units. Yeah. What about you what do you what do you do out in Portland? Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I'm unemployed at the moment,
SPEAKER_L: Bottom
SPEAKER_R: I'm looking for work,
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: but I learned to code relatively recently, which
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: it's been fun, it's been kind of fun.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: true,
SPEAKER_R: always been,
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: you know, a big computer guy as a, since I was a kid and I always just sort of assumed that coding was never going to click for me, like it didn't, I took a couple of runs at, it didn't make a lot of sense as far as I can tell, but then I went to a to a code school out here uh like two years ago and now it makes more sense. Uh I'm kind of hoping to get into making games, but that's apparently that's a different, it's like a different industry from, you know, just coding websites, it's the same basic principles and everything, but but there there's also some some differences. And it turns out if you go, if you go to like a coding meet up and talk to industry
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: people, they you get you get some pushback if you say, oh I want to make game, it's like, oh well, you know, that's that's great, but if you consider that, that's no way to make a living and like come on man, Yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah I don't know too much about coding. I did trying to think. I've done some like data analytics stuff but never anything with like real could like a little bit of our kind of um but not no no real coding languages. Um Yeah I'm trying to figure out what the next we'll see what the next thing is going to be. Um I've worked for a couple of years for like a campaign finance reform organization sort of doing political research, mostly like data stuff. Um But yeah, then I got an apprenticeship with a handyman uh which was a lot more fun than working in an office. Um And I did that for a couple of years and uh yeah, I'm thinking maybe that will be, we'll see renovating the house was like a lot of fun. It's really been much better than sort of my previous employment which has been uh yeah, I haven't totally loved being in an office environment necessarily.
SPEAKER_R: I I I like the I like the idea of getting to sit down while I work and also not having to do something where I'm like where it's like customer facing, where, you know, you can get yelled at that, that's uh well, bye bye customers. I mean you can always get yelled at by someone I guess, but but yeah, I don't know, I I would I would take
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: an office job, although yeah, it's not like what I would love to do
SPEAKER_L: on the, oh
SPEAKER_R: it's not, it's got its downsides.
SPEAKER_L: thank you dad. Um somebody like to do for fun, do you, are you a video player in addition to liking to build them?
SPEAKER_R: Oh God. Yeah, I don't think I would
SPEAKER_L: Pick
SPEAKER_R: be,
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I'd be as interested in making them if I if I wasn't uh in the playing them. Mm When I
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: when I
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: of games
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: six, my parents got me super nes and since then, you know, it's I've been pretty into him.
SPEAKER_L: uh what what kind of games any like any kinds in particular
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I've always been a big
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: fan
SPEAKER_L: be?
SPEAKER_R: of RPGS and I like action stuff,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I like, I'll play most stuff. What I'm, what I basically, it's probably easier to say what I'm not into, which is mostly like really realistic sports games. Like I could never get into Madden or
SPEAKER_L: sir,
SPEAKER_R: uh, or you know, the
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: other light and stuff like that. I like NFL blitz, but I don't think they make games like that anymore sort of arcade style sports. I like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the Mario
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: ones where there's power ups
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: like if I'm gonna be racing cars or something, I want the cars to be able to shoot missiles. Probably instead of just, you know, super
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: realistic
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: driving.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, interesting. Uh My brother is like a big, he's a big gamer, he does a lot of RPG stuff, he used to be really in the room escape, he was like a top tier rinse K player back in the day.
SPEAKER_R: I played room escape when I was
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: in middle school. I am, my understanding is it's still around, but they have like totally now there's Room Escape classic, which I assume is what I played forever ago. And then there's like a newer one that looks like more, more like a modern experience. Uh I've actually fallen off, I've kind of fallen off multi player gaming mostly recently. Like I I don't think I could get back into an MMO because lots of them, lots of them charge you so now like you're
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: paying
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: to play it. So it feels like I like I played wow for a little while and you know, other MMO s and it, it got into a thing where like I would feel like I wasn't planning to get like I had to be playing the game a certain amount because I'm paying for it monthly, but then that turns it into a job, which is not great for for me in terms of having fun doing it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I never got big into games, I haven't been trying to think. I mean, yeah, back in the day you spend like halo, you know like way back or like Call of Duty, but that's we're talking like 10, 15 years now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I mean they're still, they're still making call of duties and I think halo just came back recently. Although it's not, you know people say oh it's not as good as old old hey. Whoa. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um Any pets, any animals in your
SPEAKER_R: Uh No not not right now when I was when I was a kid I had a cat um Name your snickers, she was a she was a maine coon she was you know sort of brown and gold like the colours and its Snickers bar I guess. Uh And yeah I mean I I loved her but she's she's dead now, she's been dead a while. I was I was actually away at a school in Vermont that my family kind of forced me to go to for reasons I won't get into. It's actually it's pretty I have a d d uh it was uh it was it was in Vermont actually so on the east coast it was the landmark college I think is what it's called and it was for you know the learning disabled or whatever you're supposed to call, stuff like that. Uh I hated it there, that's the that's the short version of that. And uh while I was away, my cat died and my parents decided that they didn't want to tell me over the phone, so when I visited home for my birthday, that's when I got to uh to
SPEAKER_L: jeans
SPEAKER_R: find out that my cat
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: careful,
SPEAKER_R: no longer alive, so that was that wasn't great. Uh And then where I'm living, I live in uh I live in,
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's an apartment building that anyone can live in, but so it's not technically student housing, but they've got like an arrangement with uh Portland State, which is nearby, so there's a there's a lot of students here and they have some people have parents, but I think maybe it's supposed to be a service dog
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: or something, or management decides it on a person by person basis, but uh but not not a great pet situation here, you
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking about getting a cat. I uh I had a cat growing up and my parents um and yeah, I'm thinking it's time I was bouncing around for like a really for a while. Um I lived in spain for a couple of years, I was kind of just like itinerant traveling around um And yeah this is like the first time in a while where I've been settled a little bit, so I'm thinking maybe it's time to like well, see I used to I used to actually have had a dwarf rats for a while, so I would I had like a friend who was like a rat breeder um and she had these really like interesting, I know most people when you say like pet rat, they like sort of looking like you're crazy but uh they were really cute and super well trained and for for a while when I was in high school and college I had, I had like these roads instead of big cage. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm thinking probably cat uh, in the, in the foreseeable future. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and who knows? Maybe we'll get, I'm like thinking about maybe getting chickens actually. Um Now
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: the other
SPEAKER_L: some space.
SPEAKER_R: chickens are huge out here in Portland.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Really? I'm shocked. Weight in Portland. Like the city of Portland.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. You know, we're the we're the wacky hipster city, so raising chickens is totally a thing to do out here.
SPEAKER_L: That's hilarious, wow. That's incredible. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I've heard.
SPEAKER_R: I've had friends, I have some friends who who have pet rats. I,
SPEAKER_L: but not.
SPEAKER_R: you know, they say rats seem cute, although it's also my understanding that they only live like two years, so it can be kind of rough uh emotionally
SPEAKER_L: it's true.
SPEAKER_R: if you get attached.
SPEAKER_L: That's, that is, that is the thing. They don't live very long. Um But yeah, I would train them. I had them like litter box trained and I would teach them to do tricks and stuff. They would like would come on command and you snap your fingers. They were really smart world. Yeah. I think what I might do if you go to the animal shelter around here, you can actually foster in the spring, you can foster kittens. So you get like a mom cat with like some kittens. Uh And then at the end you get to keep one, which I think maybe maybe that's what I'll do apparently pretty like time intensive, which is why they try to offload that work on to, you know, volunteers.
SPEAKER_R: makes sense. I've really what I've really
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: always wanted
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: in a dog, but I also, I've only ever, you know, I talked about my cat, but there was a there was there was a family cat before that, and my mom actually got two cats after mine died. They are also maine coons. But they don't know me because I haven't been around as much, so they don't let me get near them. Uh But I I've
SPEAKER_L: Hold
SPEAKER_R: always kind of wanted
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: a dog, but I also know that's like a whole different level of responsibility and
SPEAKER_L: it's true.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you got you got to walk a dog and
SPEAKER_L: It's almost like having a toddler or something. I would worry just because I'm kind of I'm like a little I'll go away for an evening or a weekend or whatever just on the fly. Um And like that would be I think really hard to do that with the dog. Whereas the cat, maybe I could. Yeah. I mean I don't even know that is one thing I have to consider with, you know, whole pet is that I'll be.
SPEAKER_R: cat is, I don't want to say a cat is, you know, find a leave on their own because you shouldn't do that with most pets probably. But yeah, cat will is probably good for longer than a dog. I mean, I've got a couple of friends out here who they they've got a baby now. I think their kid is like too. But they got a dog first. And uh on my my friend, I was in the wedding party, I was a groomsman I think is what it's called. Uh So I went I went to the bachelor party and as we were leaving for that uh my friend Justin he got a call from his wife saying that the dog had just gotten into like the medicine cabinet and the dog ended up being fine but they did have to take it to the vet to like get her stomach pumped and uh
SPEAKER_L: Holy Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that wasn't free apparently. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I can only imagine. Mm
SPEAKER_R: yeah that that seems like more of a dog situation than than when you end up with with with a cat.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Although cats can definitely be assholes for sure. My my parents cat when I was a kid growing up as a kind of addict me, you know, stuff off your bedside table or whatever, tap water glasses on to you. Mhm. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I mean there was a there was a period it was between between longer term cats, I think it was when molly the original family cat died, but before snickers that we we went through a couple of other uh cats that we tried to adopt and one of them was from a shelter. And I don't know, I think she had had a couple of bad owners and uh she liked me but not the rest of my family and she was if you if you tried to stop petting her uh you might get bitten.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh That sounds like
SPEAKER_R: And so so yeah, we we ended up returning,
SPEAKER_L: Let's go.
SPEAKER_R: returning her
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what else
SPEAKER_R: then there
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: were the new cat that my mom got which again won't come near me, but for a while they would go into my room
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: and chew through various chords and laces and things. So yeah. Cat
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: scan.
SPEAKER_L: feel all destructive I guess. Uh huh. So what else uh do you like to do in Portland? Are you like a bike rider? Rock climbing? I don't mean that, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I actually I before I lived in Portland, I lived in Bend, which is out more in central Oregon. Uh and when I and when I lived there I did I biked pretty much everywhere because I don't I actually don't have my driver's license, I never, when I was a teenager I just never got around to getting it, I did get my permit and I took the test a couple times but I never passed and I just never seemed like that high a priority for me because I guess I assumed that I would always live at home with my parents and you know there there was food downtown, there was a fry's electronics up the road so why would I ever need to go farther than like half a mile away. And uh and now I just don't have a car to practice where there anything plus in uh Portland actually pretty good public transit and there is no free parking anywhere, so owning a car at all would. Yeah you know that much more expensive but I bike everywhere in Bend and when I moved out here I didn't have room to bring my bike, but I thought like that I was gonna have to get another one immediately. But actually in public transit out here is, it's pretty, it's pretty robust, I can generally get between there's a train, a streetcar and then there's buses, so between those and you know, Uber, uh which I actually use fairly rarely, it's pretty easy to get around out here. So I just wanted up getting replacement
SPEAKER_L: question.
SPEAKER_R: bike also biking in the city, kind of, the idea of buying
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: out here
SPEAKER_L: credit.
SPEAKER_R: kind of scares me because there are some horrible drivers.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, man, public transit out here sucks. I I got a car when I was like 16 because that was like, I was, it's like 15, 20 minutes to your friend's house. I mean basically to get anywhere you have to drive, I live in the boonies. Um uh Yeah, that's so wild. Yeah, I've had the same, I've had a car since uh since my junior year of high school. Um I can't even imagine, I don't know what I would do uh just to go to the grocery store, I have to drive, you know, basically it's like 10, 15 minutes almost. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, when I was in bed and I had to bike to the, that was the worst, that was the worst thing in Ben was yeah, it was like a half hour bike ride to Safeway and then of course I I I would have to bike back with the groceries. Which not not super fun but
SPEAKER_L: No. Annual.
SPEAKER_R: that was that was pretty much the worst that it got. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that was one of the things I really liked about when I was traveling around was like, no, I didn't have a car and that was really, I'm so used to driving everywhere. I'll put I put like, you know basically 20,000 miles on a car in a year which is almost double what you do, what a normal person would. It's just just just to get around um Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Uh Is it freezing? You know, I guess it's probably not that cold out in Portland, is it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's not too bad. Uh Let me see what the weather is right now. But yeah, Bend was actually wait like in Bend it's probably snowing right now. I actually remember before I moved from Bend I was taking classes at school out there and I had this saturday morning class which sucked. But you know it was the only time
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: that it was
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: available
SPEAKER_L: terrible.
SPEAKER_R: and uh and it was like three degrees out uh you know eight a.m. And I was in class and I was I had my laptop out and I went and I checked you know the weather online? And uh you know like I said it was like three degrees
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and then on the sidebar because it was all in Oregon, there was the Portland weather. So I clicked out of curiosity and in Portland it was like Portland hits 30 degrees, there's snow, entire city shut down. And yeah, it's it's it snows all the time in band, but out here in Portland it snows maybe a couple of days a year and when it does like all the public transit just kind of stops I guess because we don't have a lot of plows out here. So apparently it's apparently it's cheaper to gamble on having to maybe shut everything down a couple of days out of the year than to
SPEAKER_L: Send
SPEAKER_R: keep
SPEAKER_L: her life.
SPEAKER_R: a whole fleet of stuff ready. That might not even get used. Yeah, it's 51 degrees out right now,
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: which is
SPEAKER_L: I think it's like why I want to say it's like 20 degrees where I'm at. No fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I remember when I was still in Ben. So again, it was
SPEAKER_L: that was a
SPEAKER_R: colder
SPEAKER_L: lot.
SPEAKER_R: there than here. I was still when the polar vortex happened a while back, like I was apparently outside of it, it was it was cool because it was winter. But yeah, it wasn't like in danger, like I would have been in a lot of the rest of the country I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, interesting. Yeah. I don't know. I'm hoping I'm actually about to go somewhere warm. I'm going to the Dominican republic for like 10 days at the end of january, which I'm really excited about. Yeah, I just just getting away and getting out of freaking massachusetts for a little bit. We'll see. Hopefully we'll do something for my mood maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Last, last time I got out of America was
SPEAKER_L: Our.
SPEAKER_R: jesus, it was like 10 years ago actually, it was, it was a study abroad thing, went to uh went to London, which was, it was nice, but also London, London is kinda cold and gray and if it's freezing and raining in the morning so you dress heavy and then by the afternoon it's getting hot out so you regret dressing heavy Nice please.
SPEAKER_L: I just I looked for really cheap flights, like I looked for like air flights. Um So I got a round trip ticket for, I think it was like $215.
SPEAKER_R: Well jeez, that's that's not bad at all.
SPEAKER_L: like really nice and everybody is super cheap so it's going to be, Yeah, it was great. I I'm excited. Uh Yeah, I like to travel when I get chance. Um It's been a little rare these days, but for a while I was I actually was working remote um just like on my computer. Uh And so I got to travel around for like a salad while um like I was living in Southern Spain for the most part and then traveling around um I actually uh I lived in Spain when I was in high school for take a little bit um sorry, I picked up spanish back in the day and Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I I'm I'm from southern California but I never, I only ever learned a little bit of spanish my uh I actually took latin in high school partially at my parents insistence, I I think they said spanish would have been too easy, which I I mean yeah, that was the one that everyone saw as the easy one, but also probably would have been more useful. Latin was actually a lot of fun, but uh I've forgotten most of it because it's a dead language and if you don't use a language then and you know, no one, no one is doing anything new in latin, so you're basically looking at translating the unneeded or a
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: bullet, the same bunch of old political speeches over and over and over
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I remember having the option to take latin back and I think I just fixed spanish um which I'm glad I did because I ended up, yeah I lived in the did a it was like a really weird, it was not an exchange I guess it was an exchange, but it wasn't like through school, it was through do you know rotary International? Like the rotary club? It's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like a
SPEAKER_R: I know I've heard of the rotary club, but I'm not entirely clear on what it is or what it does
SPEAKER_L: No, no I don't think anybody is entirely clear on what it is, but it's basically a kabbalah. Like basically it's like a bunch of like, like rich, like old people who get together and they sit and have one, they have like luncheons that's like ostensibly what it is. But one of the like weird things that they do is they send kids on exchanges. So like I had to like apply for it, you applied for it and I went to a bunch of meetings and I shook a bunch of hands and whatever and then they like pay for your trip and they give you money, like a stipend. Um It was the wildest thing. Uh yeah, it was like a really weird, so I just can't remember how I found out about someone that I knew knew someone who did it and they were like, have you ever heard of this thing? And I was like, no. And I just started looking at it, like, looking it up and yeah, so what ended up happening is a girl, a girl from Venezuela came to stay in my parents house and I went over to the Canary Islands, so it wasn't like a one for one, but it was like an exchange, like your house has to agree to take somebody. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and then I just went, they just plopped me in high school in like a, like, just like, they're like, you're now a high school student, like here in the Canary Islands, uh here's your like, student idea or whatever. Um And I was not like, I didn't really speak spanish, I had just, you know, I took high school spanish basically. Um So for the first couple of months I was just felt like I had no idea what's going on, I couldn't do anything.
SPEAKER_R: I like it like an immersion thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but they weren't, there wasn't like very well organized is like, what I'm trying to illustrate is that basically they just said they were like, here's this like great trip. And they just kind of dropped me off in this foreign country were like, yes, like there you go. Um No, no real infrastructure. It was a very interesting experience, but it ended up being great. But yeah, the first couple of months I was like, oh, I mean it's ridiculous if anyway. Um well, I think we're like coming up on the 25 minutes. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: there's a there's a timer somewhere
SPEAKER_L: Stop.
SPEAKER_R: let me okay. It said
SPEAKER_L: Call
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: was it said
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: there was going to
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: be a timer that appeared on that page but I don't
SPEAKER_L: so I see one on my page, it says 28. Um but I don't know if it's, I'm not sure when it started, so I guess we can keep going for another couple minutes and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, uh boy, I don't know what's what's the best game that you played like in the last couple months? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I I have you heard about death Stranding
SPEAKER_L: I have heard about that, yes. Even
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: though I'm not a big number that
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: somehow filtered into my like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I don't I don't know, you know Metal Gear Solid, that's
SPEAKER_L: so I do I did play Metal Gear Solid a while back. I do remember that game.
SPEAKER_R: like like just the original already played
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: the series.
SPEAKER_L: I think it was like Metal Gear Solid four, I want to say something like that.
SPEAKER_R: But was were you a really old guy
SPEAKER_L: Uh Were you a really old guy? Um
SPEAKER_R: in Metal Gear solid for you? The the big series protagonist snake is like he's
SPEAKER_L: but Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: old because he's like a clone and he's got accelerated aging,
SPEAKER_L: Little
SPEAKER_R: he's got he's his hair is gray and he has a moustache.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: That's Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah you were you were old snake that ones that ones for But yeah, if you played forward then you got a pretty good idea of how like crazy that series uh gets and yeah, basically economy sort of mistreated hideo Kojima, the sort of guy who's who came up with all the, with most of the Metal gear stuff. It was sort of his series like they when Metal Gear solid 51 some big award like economy wouldn't let him accept it in person and there was a whole bunch of stuff about, they weren't letting him leave his offices or something. Uh and then eventually they fired him and he started his own company and Death Stranding is his first big game. And like during the four
SPEAKER_L: Book.
SPEAKER_R: year run up to its release, it was just all these crazy teasers and trailers. I'm like, oh look mads. Mickelson is in this your norman Reedus Guillermo Del Toro is there uh Conan O brien is in the game?
SPEAKER_L: Weird. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's yeah, it's just a whole bunch of crazy like celebrity cameos and I mean the actual game is you're right, you're a delivery man, basically, you're you're delivering packages across post apocalyptic America. There's there's guys, there's people who will try to kill you and steal your packages, there's like crazy ghosts that try to attack you. It's it's it's it's pretty it's pretty crazy and uh I've definitely been enjoying it. Like I was I was looking forward to it just because I really like metal gear solid and I wanted to find out like what, what are you going to do next? And also what the hell are all these celebrities gonna be up to you and so far I've really been enjoying that.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. That sounds good. Is it what system do you play on the Xbox? Er
SPEAKER_R: It's it's right now, it's a Playstation four exclusive. It's coming to Pc at some point this year I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yeah, yeah. One day I'll get back into it. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean there's there's all sorts of games these days so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. Um Well, I think that we have surpassed the 25 minute mark um
SPEAKER_R: that sounds
SPEAKER_L: bounds. It was a pleasure speaking with you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You too?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wonder I don't know how to end of this exactly, but I guess I can figure it out anyway. Uh Yeah. Best to walk with future stuff. I mean I hope the coding thing goes well, you know, good luck with that and gaming and maybe I'll be buying one of your games one day. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Good luck with the with the renovations and I hope you have a good time in the Dominican republic.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, man. Thanks so much. I really appreciate it. Have a good rest your day.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Let's see how to. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: we just x out of the window
SPEAKER_L: I hope. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for the ab,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right, well, see you later on.