Hello?
what?
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you won I don't want my stuff. All
so you got here through the prolific thing
or?
that's that's what it sounds like.
I'm James.
Uh Well I'm originally
I'm from California, I live in Portland. Uh huh.
The the Oregon one, not the main
one.
nice place I've been, I've been to the East Coast
a few times. My parents, my grandparents were from new york,
it
would
good thing.
congratulations.
What?
I'm
I'm unemployed at the moment,
I'm looking for work,
but I learned to code relatively recently, which
it's been fun, it's been kind of fun.
I've
always been,
you know, a big computer guy as a, since I was a kid and I always just sort of assumed that coding was never going to click for me, like it didn't, I took a couple of runs at, it didn't make a lot of sense as far as I can tell, but then I went to a to a code school out here uh like two years ago and now it makes more sense. Uh I'm kind of hoping to get into making games, but that's apparently that's a different, it's like a different industry from, you know, just coding websites, it's the same basic principles and everything, but but there there's also some some differences. And it turns out if you go, if you go to like a coding meet up and talk to industry
people, they you get you get some pushback if you say, oh I want to make game, it's like, oh well, you know, that's that's great, but if you consider that, that's no way to make a living and like come on man, Yeah, but
uh
I I I like the I like the idea of getting to sit down while I work and also not having to do something where I'm like where it's like customer facing, where, you know, you can get yelled at that, that's uh well, bye bye customers. I mean you can always get yelled at by someone I guess, but but yeah, I don't know, I I would I would take
an office job, although yeah, it's not like what I would love to do
it's not, it's got its downsides.
Oh God. Yeah, I don't think I would
be,
I don't think I'd be as interested in making them if I if I wasn't uh in the playing them. Mm When I
when I
was
like
six, my parents got me super nes and since then, you know, it's I've been pretty into him.
I mean, I've always been a big
fan
of RPGS and I like action stuff,
I like, I'll play most stuff. What I'm, what I basically, it's probably easier to say what I'm not into, which is mostly like really realistic sports games. Like I could never get into Madden or
uh, or you know, the
other light and stuff like that. I like NFL blitz, but I don't think they make games like that anymore sort of arcade style sports. I like
the Mario
ones where there's power ups
like if I'm gonna be racing cars or something, I want the cars to be able to shoot missiles. Probably instead of just, you know, super
realistic
driving.
I played room escape when I was
in middle school. I am, my understanding is it's still around, but they have like totally now there's Room Escape classic, which I assume is what I played forever ago. And then there's like a newer one that looks like more, more like a modern experience. Uh I've actually fallen off, I've kind of fallen off multi player gaming mostly recently. Like I I don't think I could get back into an MMO because lots of them, lots of them charge you so now like you're
paying
to play it. So it feels like I like I played wow for a little while and you know, other MMO s and it, it got into a thing where like I would feel like I wasn't planning to get like I had to be playing the game a certain amount because I'm paying for it monthly, but then that turns it into a job, which is not great for for me in terms of having fun doing it.
Oh yeah, I mean they're still, they're still making call of duties and I think halo just came back recently. Although it's not, you know people say oh it's not as good as old old hey. Whoa. Yeah.
Uh No not not right now when I was when I was a kid I had a cat um Name your snickers, she was a she was a maine coon she was you know sort of brown and gold like the colours and its Snickers bar I guess. Uh And yeah I mean I I loved her but she's she's dead now, she's been dead a while. I was I was actually away at a school in Vermont that my family kind of forced me to go to for reasons I won't get into. It's actually it's pretty I have a d d uh it was uh it was it was in Vermont actually so on the east coast it was the landmark college I think is what it's called and it was for you know the learning disabled or whatever you're supposed to call, stuff like that. Uh I hated it there, that's the that's the short version of that. And uh while I was away, my cat died and my parents decided that they didn't want to tell me over the phone, so when I visited home for my birthday, that's when I got to uh to
find out that my cat
was
no longer alive, so that was that wasn't great. Uh And then where I'm living, I live in uh I live in,
it's it's an apartment building that anyone can live in, but so it's not technically student housing, but they've got like an arrangement with uh Portland State, which is nearby, so there's a there's a lot of students here and they have some people have parents, but I think maybe it's supposed to be a service dog
or something, or management decides it on a person by person basis, but uh but not not a great pet situation here, you
Uh huh.
Mhm.
Well,
the other
chickens are huge out here in Portland.
Oh, yeah. You know, we're the we're the wacky hipster city, so raising chickens is totally a thing to do out here.
I
I've had friends, I have some friends who who have pet rats. I,
you know, they say rats seem cute, although it's also my understanding that they only live like two years, so it can be kind of rough uh emotionally
if you get attached.
makes sense. I've really what I've really
always wanted
in a dog, but I also, I've only ever, you know, I talked about my cat, but there was a there was there was a family cat before that, and my mom actually got two cats after mine died. They are also maine coons. But they don't know me because I haven't been around as much, so they don't let me get near them. Uh But I I've
always kind of wanted
a dog, but I also know that's like a whole different level of responsibility and
you know, you got you got to walk a dog and
cat is, I don't want to say a cat is, you know, find a leave on their own because you shouldn't do that with most pets probably. But yeah, cat will is probably good for longer than a dog. I mean, I've got a couple of friends out here who they they've got a baby now. I think their kid is like too. But they got a dog first. And uh on my my friend, I was in the wedding party, I was a groomsman I think is what it's called. Uh So I went I went to the bachelor party and as we were leaving for that uh my friend Justin he got a call from his wife saying that the dog had just gotten into like the medicine cabinet and the dog ended up being fine but they did have to take it to the vet to like get her stomach pumped and uh
and
that wasn't free apparently. So
yeah that that seems like more of a dog situation than than when you end up with with with a cat.
I mean there was a there was a period it was between between longer term cats, I think it was when molly the original family cat died, but before snickers that we we went through a couple of other uh cats that we tried to adopt and one of them was from a shelter. And I don't know, I think she had had a couple of bad owners and uh she liked me but not the rest of my family and she was if you if you tried to stop petting her uh you might get bitten.
And so so yeah, we we ended up returning,
returning her
and
then there
were the new cat that my mom got which again won't come near me, but for a while they would go into my room
and chew through various chords and laces and things. So yeah. Cat
scan.
I actually I before I lived in Portland, I lived in Bend, which is out more in central Oregon. Uh and when I and when I lived there I did I biked pretty much everywhere because I don't I actually don't have my driver's license, I never, when I was a teenager I just never got around to getting it, I did get my permit and I took the test a couple times but I never passed and I just never seemed like that high a priority for me because I guess I assumed that I would always live at home with my parents and you know there there was food downtown, there was a fry's electronics up the road so why would I ever need to go farther than like half a mile away. And uh and now I just don't have a car to practice where there anything plus in uh Portland actually pretty good public transit and there is no free parking anywhere, so owning a car at all would. Yeah you know that much more expensive but I bike everywhere in Bend and when I moved out here I didn't have room to bring my bike, but I thought like that I was gonna have to get another one immediately. But actually in public transit out here is, it's pretty, it's pretty robust, I can generally get between there's a train, a streetcar and then there's buses, so between those and you know, Uber, uh which I actually use fairly rarely, it's pretty easy to get around out here. So I just wanted up getting replacement
bike also biking in the city, kind of, the idea of buying
out here
kind of scares me because there are some horrible drivers.
Oh yeah, when I was in bed and I had to bike to the, that was the worst, that was the worst thing in Ben was yeah, it was like a half hour bike ride to Safeway and then of course I I I would have to bike back with the groceries. Which not not super fun but
that was that was pretty much the worst that it got. So
it's it's not too bad. Uh Let me see what the weather is right now. But yeah, Bend was actually wait like in Bend it's probably snowing right now. I actually remember before I moved from Bend I was taking classes at school out there and I had this saturday morning class which sucked. But you know it was the only time
that it was
available
and uh and it was like three degrees out uh you know eight a.m. And I was in class and I was I had my laptop out and I went and I checked you know the weather online? And uh you know like I said it was like three degrees
and then on the sidebar because it was all in Oregon, there was the Portland weather. So I clicked out of curiosity and in Portland it was like Portland hits 30 degrees, there's snow, entire city shut down. And yeah, it's it's it snows all the time in band, but out here in Portland it snows maybe a couple of days a year and when it does like all the public transit just kind of stops I guess because we don't have a lot of plows out here. So apparently it's apparently it's cheaper to gamble on having to maybe shut everything down a couple of days out of the year than to
keep
a whole fleet of stuff ready. That might not even get used. Yeah, it's 51 degrees out right now,
which is
yeah, I remember when I was still in Ben. So again, it was
colder
there than here. I was still when the polar vortex happened a while back, like I was apparently outside of it, it was it was cool because it was winter. But yeah, it wasn't like in danger, like I would have been in a lot of the rest of the country I guess.
Last, last time I got out of America was
jesus, it was like 10 years ago actually, it was, it was a study abroad thing, went to uh went to London, which was, it was nice, but also London, London is kinda cold and gray and if it's freezing and raining in the morning so you dress heavy and then by the afternoon it's getting hot out so you regret dressing heavy Nice please.
Well jeez, that's that's not bad at all.
I I'm I'm from southern California but I never, I only ever learned a little bit of spanish my uh I actually took latin in high school partially at my parents insistence, I I think they said spanish would have been too easy, which I I mean yeah, that was the one that everyone saw as the easy one, but also probably would have been more useful. Latin was actually a lot of fun, but uh I've forgotten most of it because it's a dead language and if you don't use a language then and you know, no one, no one is doing anything new in latin, so you're basically looking at translating the unneeded or a
bullet, the same bunch of old political speeches over and over and over
I'm
I know I've heard of the rotary club, but I'm not entirely clear on what it is or what it does
Well,
I like it like an immersion thing.
there's a there's a timer somewhere
let me okay. It said
there
was it said
there was going to
be a timer that appeared on that page but I don't
yeah.
I I have you heard about death Stranding
that?
That's
Yeah, I mean I don't I don't know, you know Metal Gear Solid, that's
like like just the original already played
the series.
But was were you a really old guy
in Metal Gear solid for you? The the big series protagonist snake is like he's
old because he's like a clone and he's got accelerated aging,
he's got he's his hair is gray and he has a moustache.
That's Yeah
yeah you were you were old snake that ones that ones for But yeah, if you played forward then you got a pretty good idea of how like crazy that series uh gets and yeah, basically economy sort of mistreated hideo Kojima, the sort of guy who's who came up with all the, with most of the Metal gear stuff. It was sort of his series like they when Metal Gear solid 51 some big award like economy wouldn't let him accept it in person and there was a whole bunch of stuff about, they weren't letting him leave his offices or something. Uh and then eventually they fired him and he started his own company and Death Stranding is his first big game. And like during the four
year run up to its release, it was just all these crazy teasers and trailers. I'm like, oh look mads. Mickelson is in this your norman Reedus Guillermo Del Toro is there uh Conan O brien is in the game?
it's yeah, it's just a whole bunch of crazy like celebrity cameos and I mean the actual game is you're right, you're a delivery man, basically, you're you're delivering packages across post apocalyptic America. There's there's guys, there's people who will try to kill you and steal your packages, there's like crazy ghosts that try to attack you. It's it's it's it's pretty it's pretty crazy and uh I've definitely been enjoying it. Like I was I was looking forward to it just because I really like metal gear solid and I wanted to find out like what, what are you going to do next? And also what the hell are all these celebrities gonna be up to you and so far I've really been enjoying that.
It's it's right now, it's a Playstation four exclusive. It's coming to Pc at some point this year I think.
Yeah, I mean there's there's all sorts of games these days so.
that sounds
yeah. You too?
Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Good luck with the with the renovations and I hope you have a good time in the Dominican republic.
You too. Yeah.
I think
we just x out of the window
for the ab,