Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, actually, yeah. Mhm. Right, mm hmm. Yes. Okay.
What can you in? It's not something
uh is my microphone working?
Your stuff is all good.
christian,
that is exactly what happened yet. Um yeah, I mean, I read through uh so I guess we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. Yeah.
Well, hi. Yeah, I'm sam
to meet you James letter. Uh where are you from? James
number?
Nice.
Not
the main one that would be a little closer to me. I'm over on the east Coast, I'm in massachusetts uh
finished
Nice. Yeah, that's actually that's where I grew up was in new york and I moved out for high school. Um and then I went to college
out
here and
uh yeah, um I'm actually, I just, this past year bought a house that I've been renovating, which is where I'm at right now. Yeah,
yeah, Thanks. Yeah, it was, I mean I did it with my parents, I would not have been able to do that just myself. But yeah my mom and I bought a big very old farmhouse um
sort of like a rural part of the state and yeah just like I've just been renovating it and hopefully we'll be rent actually it's a multi family so there's some rental units. Yeah. What about you what do you what do you do out in Portland? Yeah. Yeah
thanks.
Bottom
of
well.
That's
true,
interesting.
Of
Yeah
interesting. Yeah I don't know too much about coding. I did trying to think. I've done some like data analytics stuff but never anything with like real could like a little bit of our kind of um but not no no real coding languages. Um Yeah I'm trying to figure out what the next we'll see what the next thing is going to be. Um I've worked for a couple of years for like a campaign finance reform organization sort of doing political research, mostly like data stuff. Um But yeah, then I got an apprenticeship with a handyman uh which was a lot more fun than working in an office. Um And I did that for a couple of years and uh yeah, I'm thinking maybe that will be, we'll see renovating the house was like a lot of fun. It's really been much better than sort of my previous employment which has been uh yeah, I haven't totally loved being in an office environment necessarily.
But
on the, oh
thank you dad. Um somebody like to do for fun, do you, are you a video player in addition to liking to build them?
Pick
up?
What
kind
of games
you
uh what what kind of games any like any kinds in particular
gonna
be?
No.
sir,
like.
I
think
how
you
know.
No. Yeah, interesting. Uh My brother is like a big, he's a big gamer, he does a lot of RPG stuff, he used to be really in the room escape, he was like a top tier rinse K player back in the day.
One.
get
up.
Right. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I never got big into games, I haven't been trying to think. I mean, yeah, back in the day you spend like halo, you know like way back or like Call of Duty, but that's we're talking like 10, 15 years now.
Um Any pets, any animals in your
jeans
as
careful,
I.
No.
I'm thinking about getting a cat. I uh I had a cat growing up and my parents um and yeah, I'm thinking it's time I was bouncing around for like a really for a while. Um I lived in spain for a couple of years, I was kind of just like itinerant traveling around um And yeah this is like the first time in a while where I've been settled a little bit, so I'm thinking maybe it's time to like well, see I used to I used to actually have had a dwarf rats for a while, so I would I had like a friend who was like a rat breeder um and she had these really like interesting, I know most people when you say like pet rat, they like sort of looking like you're crazy but uh they were really cute and super well trained and for for a while when I was in high school and college I had, I had like these roads instead of big cage. Um
Yeah, I'm thinking probably cat uh, in the, in the foreseeable future. Um
and who knows? Maybe we'll get, I'm like thinking about maybe getting chickens actually. Um Now
I have
some space.
Yeah. Really? I'm shocked. Weight in Portland. Like the city of Portland.
That's hilarious, wow. That's incredible. Yeah,
I've heard.
but not.
it's true.
That's, that is, that is the thing. They don't live very long. Um But yeah, I would train them. I had them like litter box trained and I would teach them to do tricks and stuff. They would like would come on command and you snap your fingers. They were really smart world. Yeah. I think what I might do if you go to the animal shelter around here, you can actually foster in the spring, you can foster kittens. So you get like a mom cat with like some kittens. Uh And then at the end you get to keep one, which I think maybe maybe that's what I'll do apparently pretty like time intensive, which is why they try to offload that work on to, you know, volunteers.
You
know.
Hold
on.
it's true.
It's almost like having a toddler or something. I would worry just because I'm kind of I'm like a little I'll go away for an evening or a weekend or whatever just on the fly. Um And like that would be I think really hard to do that with the dog. Whereas the cat, maybe I could. Yeah. I mean I don't even know that is one thing I have to consider with, you know, whole pet is that I'll be.
Holy Yeah, that's
crazy.
Yeah. I can only imagine. Mm
Yeah. Although cats can definitely be assholes for sure. My my parents cat when I was a kid growing up as a kind of addict me, you know, stuff off your bedside table or whatever, tap water glasses on to you. Mhm. Oh
Uh huh That sounds like
Let's go.
So
what else
do you
but
And
feel all destructive I guess. Uh huh. So what else uh do you like to do in Portland? Are you like a bike rider? Rock climbing? I don't mean that, I don't know.
question.
The
credit.
yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, man, public transit out here sucks. I I got a car when I was like 16 because that was like, I was, it's like 15, 20 minutes to your friend's house. I mean basically to get anywhere you have to drive, I live in the boonies. Um uh Yeah, that's so wild. Yeah, I've had the same, I've had a car since uh since my junior year of high school. Um I can't even imagine, I don't know what I would do uh just to go to the grocery store, I have to drive, you know, basically it's like 10, 15 minutes almost. Um
No. Annual.
Yeah. Yeah, that was one of the things I really liked about when I was traveling around was like, no, I didn't have a car and that was really, I'm so used to driving everywhere. I'll put I put like, you know basically 20,000 miles on a car in a year which is almost double what you do, what a normal person would. It's just just just to get around um Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Uh Is it freezing? You know, I guess it's probably not that cold out in Portland, is it? Yeah.
That
sounds
terrible.
What?
Send
her life.
man.
I think it's like why I want to say it's like 20 degrees where I'm at. No fun.
that was a
lot.
Right. Yeah, interesting. Yeah. I don't know. I'm hoping I'm actually about to go somewhere warm. I'm going to the Dominican republic for like 10 days at the end of january, which I'm really excited about. Yeah, I just just getting away and getting out of freaking massachusetts for a little bit. We'll see. Hopefully we'll do something for my mood maybe.
Our.
I just I looked for really cheap flights, like I looked for like air flights. Um So I got a round trip ticket for, I think it was like $215.
like really nice and everybody is super cheap so it's going to be, Yeah, it was great. I I'm excited. Uh Yeah, I like to travel when I get chance. Um It's been a little rare these days, but for a while I was I actually was working remote um just like on my computer. Uh And so I got to travel around for like a salad while um like I was living in Southern Spain for the most part and then traveling around um I actually uh I lived in Spain when I was in high school for take a little bit um sorry, I picked up spanish back in the day and Yeah. Right.
Yes.
Right. Yeah, I remember having the option to take latin back and I think I just fixed spanish um which I'm glad I did because I ended up, yeah I lived in the did a it was like a really weird, it was not an exchange I guess it was an exchange, but it wasn't like through school, it was through do you know rotary International? Like the rotary club? It's
like a
No, no I don't think anybody is entirely clear on what it is, but it's basically a kabbalah. Like basically it's like a bunch of like, like rich, like old people who get together and they sit and have one, they have like luncheons that's like ostensibly what it is. But one of the like weird things that they do is they send kids on exchanges. So like I had to like apply for it, you applied for it and I went to a bunch of meetings and I shook a bunch of hands and whatever and then they like pay for your trip and they give you money, like a stipend. Um It was the wildest thing. Uh yeah, it was like a really weird, so I just can't remember how I found out about someone that I knew knew someone who did it and they were like, have you ever heard of this thing? And I was like, no. And I just started looking at it, like, looking it up and yeah, so what ended up happening is a girl, a girl from Venezuela came to stay in my parents house and I went over to the Canary Islands, so it wasn't like a one for one, but it was like an exchange, like your house has to agree to take somebody. Um
Yeah, and then I just went, they just plopped me in high school in like a, like, just like, they're like, you're now a high school student, like here in the Canary Islands, uh here's your like, student idea or whatever. Um And I was not like, I didn't really speak spanish, I had just, you know, I took high school spanish basically. Um So for the first couple of months I was just felt like I had no idea what's going on, I couldn't do anything.
Yeah, but they weren't, there wasn't like very well organized is like, what I'm trying to illustrate is that basically they just said they were like, here's this like great trip. And they just kind of dropped me off in this foreign country were like, yes, like there you go. Um No, no real infrastructure. It was a very interesting experience, but it ended up being great. But yeah, the first couple of months I was like, oh, I mean it's ridiculous if anyway. Um well, I think we're like coming up on the 25 minutes. Yeah,
Stop.
Call
me.
It
was
so I see one on my page, it says 28. Um but I don't know if it's, I'm not sure when it started, so I guess we can keep going for another couple minutes and yeah.
Oh, uh boy, I don't know what's what's the best game that you played like in the last couple months? Yeah,
I have heard about that, yes. Even
though I'm not a big number that
somehow filtered into my like, you know,
so I do I did play Metal Gear Solid a while back. I do remember that game.
no,
I think it was like Metal Gear Solid four, I want to say something like that.
Uh Were you a really old guy? Um
but Yeah.
Little
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Yes.
Book.
Weird. Yeah.
Nice. That sounds good. Is it what system do you play on the Xbox? Er
Yes, yeah, yeah. One day I'll get back into it. We'll see.
Yeah. All right. Um Well, I think that we have surpassed the 25 minute mark um
bounds. It was a pleasure speaking with you.
Yeah, I wonder I don't know how to end of this exactly, but I guess I can figure it out anyway. Uh Yeah. Best to walk with future stuff. I mean I hope the coding thing goes well, you know, good luck with that and gaming and maybe I'll be buying one of your games one day. We'll see.
Yeah, man. Thanks so much. I really appreciate it. Have a good rest your day.
Mhm. Let's see how to. Okay,
good.
I hope. Yeah.
Yeah. All right, well, see you later on.