I'm good. How are you?
Yeah, me too. It's my first day, I work for the week.
I'm in Kentucky.
Where
are you from?
I've been the fort
Lauderdale. That's the only place I've been reported. Uh
Oh yeah, right now I did. Well today are you can tell it's not so bad.
We needed my job. Steps for humidity.
It's really hot.
Myers is inside, it's just on my package handler for ups. So we sweat a lot. It's really hot. We gotta go like 95 mph the whole time where we're it's wide open. I'm just now getting up because I work at night,
I get home about 5:00 AM. Yeah,
it's not easy. Then I got to live twice
my body weight, so it doesn't go over. Well, Not for somebody my size because I only weighed 95 lb. It's part of the reason why I only weighed 95 lb.
Yeah, I've lost like £35 since February. Okay.
Possible.
we're considered uh
seem to what they seem to employees job. Uh I got lucky there. We do all the transport for the covid stuff, like all the mask, all the trumps, hired ups to do all that
so I'm very fortunate to have that job.
I know if you love them
I do feel that's terrible.
My friend had her baby during this covid period. We come cobra baby,
go baby. He's my little covid baby. It's my whole world. He's adorable.
He his daddy won't let him out of the house, you won't even let him come over here to see me. I gotta go over there and see him. I don't like that at all because it's like my baby, it's my best friend, you know she's my sister.
Oh I know the feeling I stay in the house, I don't go anywhere. But you're working at home.
I even ordered groceries online.
We
love you
what?
Yeah, it makes everything really hard. Like we got to wear mask at work. I don't, I wear a face shield. I can't stand that mask. I can't breathe.
We
gotta go early.
Yeah. It's really hard to breathe when you gotta go that fast. That and I smoke. So that doesn't help.
Yeah. You can bring my clothes out to a puzzle on the floor every night.
Mm hmm. Uh It does sometimes it hasn't in a wall like a few years. It hasn't this year, but it has before.
And I reckon,
no,
I'm not originally from here at all.
Sorry about fixing my hair and stuff. I got a lot to do.
Well
let
me tell
you.
Hello. I've been in New Jersey. So
that's where you're from.
But I like a movie. I better not. It's
probably saw, you know I'm from Maryland. Is what islands raised
that. Yeah.
I think
I'm
gonna yes. In some parts of it, not where I grew up,
I grew up in Baltimore. It's not very pretty. It's
real rough.
bet where I'm at man. It was a bad area to,
I'm in Louisville so I'm
not either. I have them. I lived in the country with my mom before this so and I got brought back here to the city so it's hard to deal with. That's why I don't leave the house.
We
got all them riots going on right now and move also.
They
got it.
they've got um some kind of group. It's like a black militant group that's down there now cause milk business,
it was all the people around here from Elena over that cop shooting at Black Girl or something
or the Black Lives Matter Movement or something that's going on. I try to stay out if I love it. I don't get involved in any of
it.
Yeah that's why I said I go somewhere to come home and it's all I did. I'm not I mean we went got vacation for the house but other than that that's the most we've done for all of it.
They're
getting out of hand like I love it. I mean one bad cop doesn't make them all bad
and rob and steal and don't make any of it better.
Oh yes skyrocketed here. They've got all the main stores boarded up with boards in the front, it looks like a crime scene everywhere. Just about that. They've broken out like all the dollar stores, all the big grocery stores and
everything like that. There's a lot of places you couldn't go for a long time.
It's
not as bad as it was this group. It's some kind of black militant group, but they're not as binding as the others word
the other just city who I guess there really violent. They do it like undercover. They're not like Robin places and many people's faces and causing all kinds of mess.
It's embarrassing for me to live here because
all that mess. But I mean you even though the story and get hair dye, you have to travel like we I think we went to seven different stories before we found one that I could actually walk in and buy hair knife
and I was just like a month ago.
Things
got
lot of time.
Okay. Yeah. Or they were out where everything that's told all the people stole all that stuff but that this militant group came and made all them other people leave and they took over. So I don't know anything about them. I didn't even know they were here until I think two days ago my husband was talking about it.
that's what they they were all black and they thought machine guns and all kinds of mess I guess.
It does enough for me. Just get up and go to work and what we do yet. Let's deal with all that
mess.
No that's their life. I think the government pays them like groups like this. They pay them to come and make their show and do their things hardly does. But staying with this virus thing. I have my opinion on it too. But uh I'm not a big thing of the president. Okay.
It's they're facing the lock everything down again here. I guess. They're closing all the bars and stuff this
weekend.
Here they are. Our
governor is.
Yeah, I read it again. Yeah.
There's nobody or whether in Nascar stay at a everybody's face. I guess. I never wanted to let anybody in my face, so I'm not really worried about it. Nobody gets I call it my bubble. Like all right, here's my bubble and I don't allow anybody to get
there.
I never had I just don't like it.
I'll be glad when they opened school back up so my son can go back to school. He's here with so 24/7 uh every moment I look here. I love him to death. But he needs to go back to school.
Fine. That's what he wants to do. But I don't agree with that. I mean, immune system is getting compromised right now because he's in the same terms. You know, he's not out there. I don't want him to get Covid don't get me wrong. But as far as socially his immune system, because it's gonna be a shock to every kid's immune system when they go back with the flu or just any kind of typical sickness,
right? They've been away from it. Their immune systems might shut down. It's gonna be a lot of kids get sick. They got a sideways, you can sign up. There is a trial version for this Covid thing is some kind of estimation.
I signed up for and frank with you. It's worth a shot.
I'm hoping that it does. I want to do it just, I don't have to wear a mask anymore.
I can't wear them. I've even got one that's got like a black breathing thing on it, but you can't breathe out of it either. It don't matter.
I look like dark fighting in my show but I don't care.
Oh, Oh
That's what, that's what I wear. It works.
You said my hair is always pulled up.
You breathing it
at
least.
If everybody would just keep everybody out of their face that would protect it. Get away from me.
I'm not like practically rude, but if you get in my face I can be rude. I got a little bit in for some tough.
Yeah. Yeah. There's, we usually go to like six flags or something like that.
Everybody looks like aliens walking around. And I said, I said everybody looks like aliens walk around these nights. I don't know where the any store I guess. I have to
I don't understand that. I
don't keep talking.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In your outside. Yeah it makes no sense.
They said it's airborne a couple of times on. That's why it's not though. That was to ride habit. We just had to more people get infected at work.
We went like two months almost without somebody now they just had to positive cases on my floor. So I was like Greg.
I have no idea. We have a lot of safety stuff at work so but nobody is following the rules like the people on the docks that bring us the like the cans off the plane. That's what I do. I unload the airplanes and they they all horde together in the break room and they got their mask all around, their chin is
not covering their face. So We're not supposed to be in groups of two or more and there's like 30. Mhm. So I don't go in the break room
either.
Well we have like 10 minutes we'll get a tipping and break. So by the time I grab something to drink and some Eminem's or something and run to the smoke shack and back my
brace over it takes like bob moves to walk here so I like my cigarette before I get there.
How
did you get a smoke it?
You know the sleeping part? Don't bother me. I have time I hear I'm ready to
away.
I'd like to because I do a lot of freelance stuff at home so I make money with it. I must
have my
dog likes to swing
my door wide open and leave it that way. I'm gonna teach her to shut
it
way.
Oh there is. I get I make At least 2 300 a week doing like different things like this call. It's $15.
25.
I did one yesterday. This is my second when they let you do it three
times
Yesterday and I got paid for my love this site. I make like $5 at the very least $5 a day
off
for Lucy.
No I love it. And then I want to happen in line bridge on my social media evaluators. So I get paid like 60 weeks from each of those.
No
get out the door again. I'm not, my son's in there on the phone. I was trying to keep the door closed so you didn't have to hear all that
yep. I do a lot of user testing you. I use your test and the test. I do the assignments for line bridge napping and whatever
I can get my
aunts into. I'm sorry.
Yeah I like so so I have to earn that money, my paycheck. I get to my husband for bills and groceries and all that stuff. So I learned all of the side
money.
I make it mine. I give him so maybe no if we need it but I buy all the stuff for the house and dog and everything
I want.
No
it's not. I get I supply all our clothes everything I need for the house and I shop daily. I love amazon it's
my best friend. I did a lot of product Casey so there's stuff at
my
door
like
every day.
Okay. Have you ever been to like swap dot com
or
throw
it up
swap dot com and thread up dot com? They're like online stores you can get name brand clothes
are
cheap.
it's not the greatest for guys per se. Get all my friends close and all my clothes from there. They've got some things for
guys.
Best place ever. I get packages from there once or twice a week. Like if you're gonna squat dot com, click on their clearance section,
you
go looking
there
Yep, I pay like $1.99
per
shirt
and they're like oh maybe non west, all that kind of stuff. It's all highly neighboring
close.
I
won't
I like clothes too much, I can't afford it. I ain't got dressed yet. This is just thrown together clothes I put on,
I need a fucking sweet. What? What? What? My son is knocking at the door, He's gonna come in. What? Oh he's just putting posey, hear me get complete silence. You can forget it.
Oh yeah, you can get them cheaper than that, just uh you can write down and then when you get your order ready, open a new tab and type in promo codes for swamp dot com. It will give you stuff like swap october and you get free shipping. You need to take and make all your shirts like a dollar 99
any time you buy anything online, open a new tab and type in promo codes for whatever store your at and you'll get like a little discount
coats,
I do that and get my clothes that I get anything that way. Uh Product testing, I get a lot
of everything I need free.
Hello?
Yeah. Have you ever looked in the product? All you gotta do is you get, you pay for something like from amazon and then you leave a review on it, a positive review of course,
and
they give you your
money back. Yeah.
You can get uh
yeah, I got I got to get pretty like people that I use.
Are you still there down test
Zahn
dot com, yep. That's where I got started with it and it's full of products and you click on it and the way it explains itself completely.
that's where I got started project testing. Now I have like eight different people that I use personally on
the side
and like hungry biggie
for
me
to do
it.
What?
that's where I got started. You click on a product that
tells you what to do. Exactly,
You usually end up giving them your email and you'll talk on inside as they say, let me tell you on that type, we don't give you products for exchange for review their fill a crab. It's not exactly, it's not illegal but it's not it's frowned upon as they say.
But
oh that will help anything. If you go up there, you'll see on the left hand side at the top, it'll say search products you type in just a little name of something you need or want and it'll pop up. They have about anything
you need on there.
I've got a closet full of stuff I need to put on like let go or something and get
rid
of.
Oh no, I'm not cheap curtains, everything stuff with the dog.
Oh yeah, they've got everything. And I mean a lot of it's black in there saying you need more experience points as you buy stuff. You get those, you get experience points, you can add me on like facebook or something. I can send you personal people. That
that was easy.
I said you could add me on facebook and I can send you the people that I use. You won't have that test on
site
and try to figure
it out.
Does this show my name?
Does this show my
name?
Eight? My facebook's
under Stacy Watson?
And you
will have my face.
You should be able to just take my name in.
What's
up,
Is it real?
Did you find it?
And that's
it's crazy. All right. And taking a look at the try
uh Stacey May wants and I think it might it might yeah, it might be under that. That might help get rid of all the extras.
They
keep
the ugliness like the personal motives from Pakistan. They're all from like Bangladesh and Pakistan, these people that sell their still but they're saying all their products like everything they
have straight to your phone and you just
go by it and just make sure when you're leaving your reviews on amazon that you make it personal, like you put in just a little bit negative. Something like it uses batteries too much. Not something to make them look bad, but because I've had issues where they stopped accepting my reviews here lately. But once I started making them personal like that they were passing them again. So, but I've been doing this for years.
So
it helps. It helps dramatically.
Yeah, they wanted some kind of my idea doesn't match my address so they
wouldn't let me do that. I signed up for, I could improve my identity
all
the way
I got this license wasn't enough I guess.
But you go check all that stuff out and
how long you've
got any
questions?
It's
to meet you too.