is it worth it? Take your places. Yeah. Here's a little later. Take me edgy. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. People that's good to take. Mhm. Hi, how are you?
John good. It's relaxing. Glad it's friday.
Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. So what part of the United States? The U. N.
Okay. That's cool. I've never been to Kentucky.
I love the not
New Jersey. Yeah. I don't know. I've, I've been down to florida a couple of times. I like it down there. The weather and everything is nice,
but
Yeah. It's a real hot down there.
Oh wow. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of the heat. I just, I can't handle the humidity and everything. Yeah. Yeah.
With.
Oh wow. Yeah, luckily most of my work's done inside so I don't have to worry about like, you know, working on the heat and stuff like that.
Oh wow. Right, overnight shift or something?
wow. That's just yeah. How must be difficult. Huh? What? Yeah.
What?
Yeah lifting all that weight and everything. That's must burn a lot of calories and everything
Well that's good. You're still in working everything. You're not like out of work
some people
so.
wow. That's cool.
Yeah. Yeah there's so many people that are out of work right now. It's crazy. I mean
yes me too. I feel there for
don't
Kobe baby.
Oh wow. Yeah that's the shame you know to have it to have to raise them. I'm gonna have a baby and everything to go through this pandemic so.
Yeah that's a shame man, I can't wait until this whole thing is over. I've been feeling like a lot of people to feel more like isolated everything, you know because
You know?
Yeah. Yeah that's what I do, I just order everything I need online. That's it. I don't
know,
I try to stay
out from going places. It's tough though. No, the whole thing just um do you like a curveball in everybody's life?
yeah, yeah it gets
really hard to breathe
and everything.
Yeah. Yeah to get all like sweaty and everything once you learn for.
Oh wow. Damn. So how hot does it get? And it says whatever you like over 100?
Oh wow. Yeah Kentucky is a pretty cool state though. Did he? Uh
do you like it? He said
uh Okay, have you all?
Oh you're not.
Uh huh. Yeah. Does it snow down there at all? Oh wow. I know that um down in florida it doesn't really smell for the
most.
I mean
they get
a little bit once in a while but that's about it no doubt.
I've been New Jersey all my life. Yeah.
Yeah. I really don't like it here though. Um I plan on moving uh Jersey, I'm not sure where yet but I'm just not a big fan of Jersey.
All
Maryland.
wow. Yeah I've been there a few times. I'm not that far from Maryland. I like it over there.
The scenery
is so beautiful
on that.
That's it.
Yeah. And imagine, yeah I grew up in the city to it's really rough. It is a city right outside of atlantic city so it's like a really bad area. Yeah.
Top.
I'm not a big fan of the city life, I don't know some.
Yeah I don't blame you especially you know with all the craziness going on
and
wow, they're still going on in
Kentucky.
All this money, wow.
Oh wow, that's crazy.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, heard about that.
neither
do I stay out of it, people like on facebook I see um some people are going crazy about it, I just stay out of all of it.
Yeah. I just um I don't know a lot of people are getting um
I don't know if you get like two invested in being against it or whatever. I don't know. My good.
Yeah, definitely. I agree with you. 100%. Yeah.
No and yeah, there's the crime rate and everything is going up since writing a lot a lot of people getting killed. It's a shame,
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, there was a big riot down here, well like a couple of cities over from Rahmat and these people actually, somehow the guy owned the walmart and he showed up at the walmart. I was wondering why there was a big big thing of bricks right out front of his walmart and he had to he had to get a truck, he had to hire somebody to pull the truck and get them all out of there because there's going to be a protest
there the next day. So somebody was like delivering bricks ahead of time and everything like it was getting out of control. Uh huh.
that's good if you're not, it's fine.
Right man. Yeah, I remember. Yeah. I don't know. There's just I hope that it dies down pretty soon is all I know like Oliver Reid
the
wow, that's crazy.
But the rest
of them are
all like boarded
up and everything
it's crazy. Yeah I think I saw something about a military group online. I didn't say with city they were in but they were all wearing like all black and you have like a song before.
it's crazy. I don't know. Uh huh mm.
I guess
all those people you must not work or something.
That's all crazy right now. The whole world is just a mess. I feel like that's
Our
clothes and everything again wow.
Damn.
I guess the the virus she started going back up.
I don't.
I
hear you on that one too.
Yeah I'm just hoping that the virus hasn't like spread until um you know like I would feel like winter time because then around here it could get worse because we got like the flu to deal with everything.
Yeah, I don't blame you a lot of people around here just doing like
yeah, definitely. Yeah, because they're not used to that environment enough.
probably. I never heard that before,
Yeah.
I don't blame you. I'm not used to wearing a mask or anything. I mean I wear when I go out, but I'm just not used to like um like you said, they're like pretty uncomfortable if you have to wear for a long time. Yeah.
Here it's just terrible. I thought
I feel bad for people that have like emphysema and suffering, you know? Okay.
Yeah, that'll work. Uh huh.
yeah. And you put the face shield home.
that looks like it would work well though.
because
they're
saying that the main thing is just the, when some of these sneezes or um or the cough, they have a coughing fit and then the water spreads so that looks like it would protect it. Yeah.
yeah, I hear you on that much. But uh
that's sorry. I think everybody has one, especially with, you know what's been going on, People are going nuts, especially like it's ruined a lot of people summers, you know?
same here needs to go down to the beach and everything in the board wall, but to wear a mask and everything, it feels like it's ruined a lot sucks.
there was something that I actually ride the bike down the street that they learned a mask.
I
mean, I don't understand why somebody would wear riding a bike down the street and nobody goes on.
What did you think it's just like in the air or something? Okay.
wow. It's crazy.
huh. Yeah I wonder what well how the heck is spreading and you know
please.
well
that's smart, that's you know you're taking care of yourself everything. It's
Damn.
Yeah that way
you don't have,
I knew a lady that was at work and she was working overnight and I think it was like a manufacturing plan, she said it was real real difficult because I should have to come home and then she would have to like go to sleep with the light coming up and everything.
that's good.
Yeah I think well she ended up quitting her job so.
that's
What
CNN.
You
had a freelance stuff is pretty good right now.
I think I'm hoping that it will pick up even more because they you know the pandemic. Hopefully there's more work and everything. Yeah.
it's not bad at all. I think it's like 15:20 minutes. That's not bad. Or
29.
this
is my second one too. I did one yesterday. That's fun. Uh huh. Oh
that's
not bad
at all.
that's not bad.
Yeah I think. Uh huh.
Yeah I've heard a lion bridge before, I've heard of a user testing and
That's
good.
it all pays um you know good money you know some of the job.
that's
good.
Yeah that's
not bad at all. Yeah I do pretty much the same thing. I use a lot of this money for like well mostly like bills and stuff but also like some side money.
Yes it's not bad.
here.
I
know
it's
crazy
because a lot of the stuff on amazon is cheaper than if I go to the store there's no point in even like going in the store now.
Well what
was
the swap
and what?
Well
I never heard that
I'm gonna have to look into that because I used to go to on the store called Goodwill
I'm gonna
see it right now. It says affordable thrift store. I'm gonna take you in the planet
there
was
actually
to put all the clearance I see it equipment
wow that's not
bad
at all.
you for telling
me about that because um yeah, I don't like buying like brand new, like pants and shirts all the time, it's just really expensive. Yeah, it's
just
way too expensive.
Yeah, let's say looks really good though, I'm checking it out. You got like uh for men you got?
Yeah, you got some nice shirts on here for me, like $5. It's not bad. Yeah. Yeah.
that's awesome.
I
do that a lot because I buy used books online and uh when I do that I'm always searching for like promo codes and stuff.
Damn,
that's good.
How do you?
what's it
called? Product
testing?
Oh wow, I'm gonna have to take a look into that. That sounds really good.
Is that a
the Senior
Tests
on com.
I see it. That's it. That's really cool. Thank you, sir.
So
you're like, yeah.
So
I guess
you
like
your, you said you use
someone in there. Okay.
that's
Yeah, I see it right here you have like a tester price and everything like that, wow. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm definitely look into a morning. Yeah,
it seems interesting and that,
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm gonna take a look into that. Yeah.
That's
not
bad at all, man. Yeah.
Yeah, they got all kinds of stuff on here. I see. They even have like, um, tv stands and all kinds of stuff.
Well, yeah.
But you said um, facebook or something like that.
that
would be cool.
maybe
you can. It's like uh yes. Show me like another websites or other websites use. That sounds real helpful. Like, um, I want to do. Huh?
No,
I
can find mine so
Stacy.
what's the last name Watson that okay. Cool. Hope
you
said. Um, so I gotta, I guess I gotta search Kentucky. Oh mm.
Yeah. There's a whole bunch of people,
it looks like there's a whole bunch of people with your
name. Yeah,
I got it. I think I sounded just Kentucky.
No,
it looks like there's a lot of people name.
Sitting.
So there you go down you son. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Maybe
there is a terrible
company.
that's
Damn.
It sounds
interesting the whole time.
Because I got a look in the other ways to make like a side income and stuff like that. I was, I've been doing user testing for a while and then this and then you have the amazon mechanical turk.
No.
Yeah. That can
be a real
thing.
Yeah, I think.
Well,
talking
to
you. Um, I hope you have good.
I hope you have a great day. Okay.
All right, bye bye.