SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: hello, how
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's pretty late at night, so I suppose I'm making it in some way, so absolutely, oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: How's your day today? What you do?
SPEAKER_L: I honestly
SPEAKER_R: Same,
SPEAKER_L: lazed around like a complete, it was, I could have gone out and I could have run around, but it was like the absolute worst kind of weather for it with all the tropical storms coming up where I am, you got all the rain and people are starting
SPEAKER_R: come on, there's so much rain. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: on a rain where
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: I am right now.
SPEAKER_R: too. But I'm wondering like in july it doesn't rain like as much. That is so annoying because I wanted to go to the beach because my birthday is the 19th and I wanted to go the 18th, like it's so iffy right now and
SPEAKER_L: former
SPEAKER_R: like the forecast sometimes wasn't like right. So I, I just don't know like
SPEAKER_L: No, especially with like how it's supposed to be july and completely sunny and having everything going all around it once and you want some kind of break somewhere, but it's like, oh my God, it's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: hideous out there.
SPEAKER_R: sad. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I want to hear something and I need you to tell me if I'm wrong because I just had an argument with my cousin so I have to tell you the details. So my commission, her name is jennifer and so basically she has his girlfriend named lily just give me the names personally. I don't like lily at all and she knows it. Like I'm not gonna, I'm not faked her like I don't lie. But also lilies like um they're like long distance. I'll just, I don't think you're creeps, I'll just tell you where I am. So basically I'm in Connecticut and
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: New Jersey.
SPEAKER_L: not far from me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so that's cool. So like it's not close, New Jersey, New york, New Jersey Connecticut, like
SPEAKER_L: morally,
SPEAKER_R: it's not long long distance, but it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: it's still, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so basically um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we had, I had plans with jennifer to hang out on sunday. Also like, I haven't really been seeing her because of like Covid and like her mom's like easy stuff,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: so it's fine. And then I was gonna, we're gonna hang out, my friend charlotte, but basically me and jennifer live in different towns, but they're like 10 minutes away and my friend charlotte, she to where I live, but like she lives an hour away. So then sunday charlotte was going back to where she lives. So I was like, oh, like we can hang out another time because I wanted her to like, we're going to customize shoes or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, that sounds fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. And then I was like, it's okay.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Like, I wish we could have done with us, but like, another time, but then jennifer is like, like, like I'll come down, you will drive, but I'm like, okay, that's fine. But then again, her mom is like, really, she's really strict. Like I asked her like, what's the plan for the weekend, because I need to tell my mom something to like, because she also, she's 21 like, she has to hide all this stuff from her mom, and it's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: it's not her fault. So I'm
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like, not trying to be like me, and I'm like, okay, it's fine. But then today she was like, I want to go to tree escape on sunday, and I don't know what it was. I look it up, it's a tree climbing place in New Jersey, so I knew where it was going. I was like um well that's kind of far, and like, I have fake nails, I'm not climbing the tree.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, of course
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: then she was like, oh lily asked me to go, ha ha ha, and then she was like, I just like, she was like, oh, then can she hang out with us on sunday? You know, I haven't seen her in a while, and I just felt like a picture of my face and then she sent Glad face and then like, I was talking on the phone, charlotte also because like, mind you were going to charlotte's house, like, it's not my house, like I Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: know. I mean it's like something you'd already planned for.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. And it's just like, don't don't add in like, the, you know, I haven't seen her in a while, like, don't try to like
SPEAKER_L: The thing that really kills me is that you're not in the wrong for that. Um like the whole thing is like if there's a time in a place, especially with how the pandemic is going right now, you've got to make sure like if there's already plans in motion, don't throw people in those plans because that's the biggest wrench you could throw in, especially if you don't like other people.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. And like, I'm not I'm not good at hiding my emotions that I don't like someone and I don't want to be mean to her for no reason because I just don't I don't like her, she's not a good person like you and like, that's like my cousin, so I obviously wouldn't be like a little bit more protective over. But then I was like, I just said honestly just go hang out with lily, like I'll see you and I see you because I don't know what I'm going to see her.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: And I was like, it's just kind of annoying though because we already had plans. I'm reading off my text and you
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: have seen her in a long time, but like you kind of prioritize certain people and not use them, but then like dispose of them whenever you feel like it was kind of like with me when she started talking to lily more, that's fine, it's her girlfriend, like you can face on her more than me, I don't care like you know? But then her other close friend Bernice, like lily got a job, she's super busy now, she's all over Bernice, I'm in. Bernice is like um on like hang out with her cousins and she can't face time, she'll call me and it's just like I know I'm like your last option or whatever now but like it's just like annoying,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like don't don't just like disposable
SPEAKER_L: don't drop the
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: last of it on me.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like don't get annoyed at me when I don't want to pick up your call, you know, she'll get annoyed at me. So then
SPEAKER_L: like my mother?
SPEAKER_R: and I also felt bad for Bernice because like Bernice is super nice but she's kind of she's like really clingy but yeah, so like but then she started ignoring Bernice because Bernice was getting annoying and like the stuff Bernice was doing was like annoying, but instead of telling her she just started ignoring her. And then Bernice texted me, she's like hey do you know why Jennifer is ignoring me with all these sad faces and I'm like honestly like you're using people and you're being selfish, you know? Like.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. And the thing is, is that I've noticed is that like communication is literally one of the hardest things people have to do or want to do these days. Especially we like, like there's so much that people just think like, oh if I just ignore this person, they'll get it. They don't, they don't,
SPEAKER_R: And before she was mad at me because when I asked her what the plans were for the weekend, she said I like came off as like being like passive aggressive and like I guess I can sound like route over text because you can read a text message
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: wrong,
SPEAKER_L: You can absolutely
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: read
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I told her I was like you're so hard to hang out with but then she just ignored it and like and then I apologize later, I was like I didn't mean for it to sound like I don't want to hang out with you. It's just like it is hard for me to hang out with you because of everything, but I know it's not your fault, you know after I sent that she just ignored me and then we have a family group chat every time I sent something like she would ignore me and I know that like like I know I know then I had to reach out her and be like are you mad at me because I can see you're ignoring me but like you're supposed to be older than me, why are you just ignoring me until?
SPEAKER_L: I actually, I'm the one who actually has to come to you to get any any explanation.
SPEAKER_R: And then she got mad at me because I assumed that she was gonna go with lily. And then like she was like well I ended up telling lily before that I'm actually busy hanging out with you. So now I guess we're just both staying home. And I was like, she was like,
SPEAKER_L: You can't put the blame on something when you cause that problem,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: the one you can really blame is yourself because you're the one who started the problem
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: and this is the only way that you're going to do it.
SPEAKER_R: was like, what was the harm and asking the question? I'm like, because it wasn't necessary. Like it's not like we were just forming the plans, like it's not necessary because like, it's not it's not a family thing where you can just like, if we were all hanging out with our family, just bring your girlfriend, whatever. It's like, it's my friend, we're going to my friend's house, it was, my house would be different, I don't care, but it's like I'm not, you know?
SPEAKER_L: And it's like you don't invite a stranger over to your friend's house because your sister wants to bring your, you know, your cousin wants to move my girlfriend. I think really awkward. And if someone asked me like, hey, by the way, my cousin who's coming over is going to bring their girlfriend, I'd be like, why?
SPEAKER_R: And like, my friend is friends with my cousin, like my cousin because I'm really
SPEAKER_L: Fun.
SPEAKER_R: close with her, it's like, it was whatever, but then like, just adding your girlfriends just like
SPEAKER_L: It's really awkward and really rude because you're not respecting, you're not respecting your friend's place. You're basically giving in to the whims of what your cousin wants and what her girlfriend wants, essentially. And you kind of have to also put down your foot saying this is time for us which include does not include the girlfriend. And I get that you missed her and you, I really want to see her, but you have to also arrange that on your own time.
SPEAKER_R: so she's just mad at me. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she was like, yeah, she was like you're actually pissing me off because I asked you because I wanted to know if I could somehow work out something, what is there to work out? Like I already give you an answer. Like I said you can hang out with lily because like it's already hard for her to hang out with her.
SPEAKER_L: And it's not like you're saying you can never hang out or never come and see California,
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: she's older than you. And she's asking you, it's like, honey, you got to actually act your age.
SPEAKER_R: I just as over it and actually didn't even respond to me because I was like it's just annoying to me because lily you uh oh I said I'm giving you an attitude because it's annoying how you act about lily considering because she will drop everything for like the second they're not they have not been dating for a long time, it would be different, this was a two year her first girlfriend before. Like I didn't like her either and guess what turns out she was crazy so so I knew but her first girlfriend then they ended up sticking it out. They ended up dating for four years so I was like whatever and then I became like civil with her, I became friends with her also I need to charge my laptop, but then you currently have been dating for like two months and for you to drop everything and plans for someone like that, especially when they're not even like super good to you then this is me off because
SPEAKER_L: I'm wondering if your cousin has like, like, like really falls for someone who she thinks is great, but actually really isn't. But she can't see that.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's that because like I don't know and she always just has to be talking to someone but it's just like lily
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: lily is going to be rich in the future. When I tell you rich, she's gonna be rich. Like she she's going to Harvard med this year, so smart that like the company she is going to work with or whatever is paying for it in full, as long as she works for them two years after she graduates. So like she's going to medical school for free and then she has 100 love it and her life is said and like I just feel like jennifer caesar as like a superhero because her ex was like just like such a bum and stuff, so like she has her life figured out, but I'm just like that doesn't disregard the fact that like, jennifer wrote her like a whole letter for their one month and then
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: really was like why did you do that? Are you kidding me? Like who says that? Like we don't say why did you at least say thanks, I shouldn't even say thanks. She was like, you didn't need to do that. And jennifer is like, oh, but I wanted to and then really got mad at her and she was like, well that's just because I feel like now I'm obligated to write one back, are you ok? Oh my God, I just cannot stand her. And I told her I was because one thing I know I'm not gonna lie and be like, I was like, jennifer, like you're one of my close friends, so I'm gonna I'm gonna listen to your problems, like I'm here to listen to them. But it's annoying when you come to me with the same problems over and over and you don't listen to any of my advice. Like, what's the point? And she brought up that she was like, also me and lilies businesses, me and her his business, because now I don't even tell you about it because the last time you complained I didn't complain. I told you that you're not, I didn't complain about listening to your problems. I complain about you dealing
SPEAKER_L: Not listening
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: prop Yeah. So I just am so
SPEAKER_L: He's
SPEAKER_R: annoyed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: bull in a china shop. And if you don't give her what she wants to live wants to hear, she basically shuts it down, has the fit internally and then acts like, you know, everyone's basically attacking her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's because she's a freaking Sagittarius and I'll tell you that damn Sagittarius. Oh just don't mean the effect.
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Copper core.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my mom's a Capricorn. I'm a cute answer. So it's very emotional. But um that's what's been happening in my life.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Meanwhile me over here going back into work
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: for like the first for the first like three weeks last three weeks have been,
SPEAKER_R: do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a framer. So
SPEAKER_R: But it's a framer?
SPEAKER_L: what I still like, you know, cutting glass actually having a, you know the frames are actually made by a company that they get sent into us and we go and arrange everything so we put all the backings in, we arranged to make sure all the glasses cut.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, we if it's a stone thing like so sometimes people come up to us for like jerseys and stuff so we'll actually go and make the shadow boxes and things for those. No. Well actually so that so that um should actually to the back, so that way when you display, you can actually see it. I've seen a couple of cool things. Um, I've had a couple of people bringing like one guy brought in a poster of the plane that actually dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: And it was actually the poster that was signed by all the guys who flew in it. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Who just acquires that? Like how do you get?
SPEAKER_L: You have some really unusual people who come to do it like doing archiving and doing that kind of work has always fascinated me. So, um, we do things like that, but work has literally been because it's retail still. Um, work has literally been, hey, so I know we hire you
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like two
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: weeks before cuomo went and essentially shut down the entire state. But because we got a new system in, we technically have to rehire you and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: then we have to basically do everything through this new system, which means it has to go to the manager, then to the system manager, then to me then I have to send it back and go to the assistant manager, then to the manager, bend to the corporate, corporate sends everything back through that. It's a mind boggling stupid ass prospect. Well project like it's they looked at me and they said if we were using the old system would hire you in three days, we have all the paperwork done, we have everything done. I've forced three weeks now. I have worked three weeks now, over 50 some odd hours. They have not had me do any of my paperwork. I have a company ID I won't have any logins. Right? So I've been just using my framing manager. I've been using her stuff and I went from doing I supposed to only 15 to 20 hours a week because I have another job that's worked from home. Mhm. 12 hours. The first week up to 15 2nd week was 33 hours. I'm not even on the schedule this week.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: But you know, right. And so here's the thing they called me in last Tuesday saying, hey, we don't have anyone who's actually closing for framing tonight. So could you come in? I'm like sure. I guess I don't have a schedule for me. Anything I come in. I learned I'm not even on the schedule. Um because my company is odd in that they give a budget of hours for each department each week and my framing manager went and gave the hours to her and the other full time. Who
SPEAKER_R: wherever
SPEAKER_L: actually coincidentally the full time has already asked to be put down the part time, but the, but the manager won't get her part time, so I
SPEAKER_R: people are just like they're rushing so much to like real
SPEAKER_L: Open and go back to normal. The amount of Karens and chats who have argued with my manager over wearing a mask in my store. I'm like, there's a reason why we do not have such a massive outbreak, like in texas or florida or Arizona. That is because we were being masked and the worst part about this whole that because I don't have my paperwork and because I haven't filled out anything of that sort, they have to mail me my paycheck.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you have to wait for
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: over a week.
SPEAKER_R: that's so annoying like you
SPEAKER_L: I'm pulling up my hair at this point. Like I'm like, what do
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you think?
SPEAKER_R: shouldn't have to deal with the company being unprepared that so.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: not even being unprepared? It's basically them having my poor, my poor managers having to juggle everything between having less hours, less people. Because people still are not, not everyone is still back in and there's people who have refused to come in because they don't want to come in with the situation and my company basically told me um we are giving you your job back here. So if you say no we understand but also realize that if you say no we will reject
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: actually filling or giving you any unemployment, yep.
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because we are giving you your job back you know so you can go in and do your job so if you refuse because you don't feel safe we understand that and
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: respect
SPEAKER_R: problem
SPEAKER_L: it. Yeah but it's your problem now because we're not going to continue
SPEAKER_R: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: to pay benefits and it's like I I started that and said really now what choice are you giving anybody?
SPEAKER_R: like people
SPEAKER_L: They're either saying be poor will come in and risk being sick.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: hate retail. The only one
SPEAKER_R: mom,
SPEAKER_L: to hire me at this point,
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: but hopefully not for long.
SPEAKER_R: mom and dad was working like the same area, it's kind of like a factory setting kind of but they are things like didn't close down at all for covid.
SPEAKER_L: Moment.
SPEAKER_R: That is surprising because like it's like a lot of people in an area and I heard one of the people actually did end up getting it. My mom didn't get anything but like she was so mad because her hours got cut so she was making less. But like people on unemployment we're making so much and like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: have put it this way working. Yeah. Working on like being on unemployment I've made more being on unemployment than I've made in working my entire
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: life.
SPEAKER_R: like that's a problem like
SPEAKER_L: That for major
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: problem like
SPEAKER_R: is that why is that a thing?
SPEAKER_L: like my thing is like all the people on twitter complaining saying like oh people don't want to go back to work, I said people the reason people don't want to go back to work is a because there's still a pandemic going around and be they were paying better to actually stay at home. I'm going from like nearly $700 a week down
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: nearly.
SPEAKER_R: that lot like. Yeah, like that's a lot of work to like $700 a week like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's a livable wage, that's an absolutely livable wage. I've been 10 years with my parents, I cannot move out of the house because where I live is one of the most expensive districts are companies
SPEAKER_R: New
SPEAKER_L: in new york
SPEAKER_R: york is so expensive like no matter what, like
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: not even just a city like creek.
SPEAKER_L: I'm too, I'm an hour and a half north of the city and we are the second most expensive county, aside from West
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Point.
SPEAKER_R: can't even just get like a little area like it's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: gonna, it's
SPEAKER_L: like a studio,
SPEAKER_R: gonna drink here. I cannot like there's no.
SPEAKER_L: studio here is anywhere from 1600 to 2400 month. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's going to list.
SPEAKER_L: Mom, it's stupid. And when companies aren't willing to hire and teach people and that's another problem I have is like, oh, they're like network. I'm like, yeah, but what happens for the people who don't have a network? What happens to the people who basically have a skill set and who can teach themselves that skill set or are willing to learn that skill set? You're basically shutting out three quarters of the workforce and shoving them into poor jobs because you don't want to take the time to actually train them
SPEAKER_R: And also like why were a central workers not given raises? Like they're being forced to work and like just the people who are working through covid, like
SPEAKER_L: trump.
SPEAKER_R: why?
SPEAKER_L: Is that's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: why.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But anyway, it's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It's ridiculous. I just, I'm only 18 and luckily I don't have to work necessarily, so like I'm grateful for that. But like, I don't know, I just, I hate working. I've worked jobs before, but like, because I I've been at college, like I do warmed this year so that like my winter break, I did work like a seasonal job horrible and my feet hurt.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: It's not like a
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: breath
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: might be her.
SPEAKER_L: trust me like working, working in the framing shop, we have to carry anywhere from 5 to £30 frames back and forth. That first week I got back, my legs hurt so much,
SPEAKER_R: Venture
SPEAKER_L: I want to sleep and I woke up in my legs still being sore. Like you know, we joke around saying that we don't go to the gym, we just go and lift frames um Because
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: gaining muscle friend.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, some of the things you've had to do, like you've had people bring in, I have to help them. Sometimes we've had people bringing in like 40 inches by 60 inch. They want those framed and they want them like with those and with those kinds of sizes you can't do actual glass because you tap that the last one that it shatters. So you have to use acrylic. And acrylic is a nice kind of hard plastic. It's gonna bounce right off with anything hits it. That thing weighs a ton. Oh my gosh it takes two of us, it takes two of us to go and lift it usually to go and place it firmly actually where it's supposed to and then we have to actually flip the frame to make sure there's nothing in it. It's a lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: that's a process. And you're making less now doing it too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yep. Making minimum wage
SPEAKER_R: Something
SPEAKER_L: minimum wage here is 11 86 an hour.
SPEAKER_R: it's 11 here, but new york is more expensive, so it makes sense. But still,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not enough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: You know other people I know my friends who live in the mid class to like we'd kill for you know $11. I'm like yeah
SPEAKER_R: living costs like think of that
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: like yeah but you're not the one who basically has to pay you know 1600 a month just to find a place that could barely hold any of your belongings. They're like yeah but our houses are like 800 month. Unlike sweet 100 sweetheart. Do you know how much of us were killed had to pay 800 a month for a house. You know how many of us were like I can't even afford a studio with $800. Like I had a friends in texas and they were looking at, they were listening to me and they were like how much is it video of like 60% 1800? They're like that's double what we paid for our house down here. I'm like yeah
SPEAKER_R: must be nice, but I would never live in texas. I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: care how
SPEAKER_L: can't.
SPEAKER_R: it was. I'm not living down there.
SPEAKER_L: Dude my my Angola's California because um my uncle actually lived out in Rabbi Laguna and that's expensive. Really offensive. Really bad. What are you doing the cat? Oh she's my uncle, she's got Sony's. How do you think you want to say hello? Oh no we got to clean ourselves first. Come here. Oh you little well here come here, excuse me.
SPEAKER_R: So is it a girl or a boy?
SPEAKER_L: Israel
SPEAKER_R: She's so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: free. Hello mother, This is my new friend. What is that? Oh, cool.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Just put it out there. So what do you do prolific for though? Is it just like whatever, like on the side, just extra money.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly it's money because we're um let's see, My favorite story basically was last year I worked
SPEAKER_R: That's what I'm doing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I worked actually in a family owned store and I worked in a cafe section, so I was the one you know taking orders and bringing stuff out to people. And my manager basically sat me down one day after I worked there for eight months and basically said you know he says I've given it a lot of thought he says and um after a lot of deliberation we're gonna let you go. And I looked at him and I was just like I don't understand, he says I can tell probably out of all the people here that you are not happy here. Well he says, so I want you to basically take this opportunity to go and do something in the art field because that's where your heart belongs. And I looked at him and I just started crying because it was a thing of I appreciate the sentiment. But you are giving me more stress.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You took my job.
SPEAKER_L: Look, my job, yeah. That my source of income because you want me to go and pursue the arts. And as someone who actually,
SPEAKER_R: Making income?
SPEAKER_L: oh my gosh, I have a degree in I am at a degree Bachelor of Fine Arts. There is no such thing as working permanently with the company anymore. It's freelance. There's a reason why I never actually pursued illustration outside of doing college because I could not do freelance. It would it was the deadlines or enough to give me heart palpitations like the stress in them is so ridiculous. And I didn't enjoy doing most of the work that was given to me anyway. So it was one of those things of art is my life, my passion, but it's not my career, or at least the actual artist part of it is not my career. So I spent I did two other internships and one of them was working as a shit, what was it? I worked as actually as a database constructor and a database creator archivist for a non profit group. And then the second one is the one I'm actually it's my actually it's my other job, it's my work from home. Um I work with a director for a
SPEAKER_R: What's cool.
SPEAKER_L: so her dad, her dad actually was the leader of a band called uh Quills and he was banned were in the 1969 Woodstock Show.
SPEAKER_R: my God. Let's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: they were in that Woodstock show. But when 1970 when the documentary came out, you know the one that told us about the who Jimi Hendrix on things? His band wasn't in it, his band and several others were accidentally left off of it. And so her documentary is the story of uh three documentaries, the story essentially of the consequences and the repercussions of not being on that video and where it led to him in his life. And so it's really fascinating because I'm the one who's actually archiving and documentary documenting all the videos she has. So we're talking like
SPEAKER_R: old videos like,
SPEAKER_L: old video, like actual eight millimeter film that used to play on the carrot on the carousel. We're talking slides, you know, you've used to put them in and you flip them one by one into the projector. Um just all this interesting stuff that you wouldn't think would be like important, I suppose if you look at it single handedly, but then you actually see the documentary by itself when you hear what it's about. It's really fascinating because she picked up the same music love of music that her dad does. She's still around, she performs with him.
SPEAKER_R: that's so cute.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But she's now down in Delaware. I'm up here in new york. I'm the one who's helping her try and get all of this together while still trying to, you know, she's like doing my job. She's actually teaching kids in Delaware because she just finished doing her masters before she moved. This woman is insane. Like she she manages to do her master's keeps a four point oh GPA while she's doing this documentary, while she's doing her own art while she's like still doing a whole network and things and like how do you sleep?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: She's like, I don't yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, if it'll pay off for her, that's for
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I'm just like, oh my gosh, can you learn how to like breathe a little, it's just absolutely insane.
SPEAKER_R: That is crazy. I I'm gonna go into my second year of college but I'm still undecided. I don't really know what I want to do.
SPEAKER_L: I when I did college, our colleges a little different uh we do the whole first year is all called foundation. You're actually not allowed to declare your major at least in my
SPEAKER_R: smart
SPEAKER_L: school.
SPEAKER_R: though because like people. Hmm.
SPEAKER_L: they run you through basically all that yours to see what you're kind of into and then they let you declare your major.
SPEAKER_R: I heard that because I I intended this type of that in my school and basically was like most people change their major anyways and like by junior, that's when most people declare
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: major. Yeah. So like I'm not really worried. And plus I have like a lot of credits from high school. So I have some wiggle room. But I might I might do psychology. I don't know maybe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, mine was illustration which led to a B. F. A. And I am actually in the process of well putting my stuff in now to actually do my Masters 10 years later.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: mean never
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I know it will be fun because I'm going for Master of Library Sciences and Information and that's usually meant for people who are going to be librarians or the people who are going to be archivists and
SPEAKER_R: thinking.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean most of the stuff that I've looked at are the amount of archiving companies have asked for is so ridiculous. Like you've had companies like Johnson and johnson and Gerber Baby and all those things they ask you to document and archive newsletters, They ask you to document like documents, they'll ask you to archive things. You wouldn't think that need to be archived. Like Warner Brothers actually was looking for an archivist for movies last year in which you were a proper, proper archivist. You created the entire online database. You made the entire list. And then you would actually work with other people to go and loan out those and also take in and take out.
SPEAKER_R: Deep. That
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: is a lot.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it sounds really cool, but a lot of them are just like, well we need the masters and I'm like I could literally learn this system in two weeks, I know how to do all this stuff.
SPEAKER_R: My cousin just graduated this year and she got her first big person job. That's not like what we did and stuff but like it's just excel and she didn't even know how to use it when she first got hired. But she was like you could definitely just learned this. Like you don't need a college degree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's just a lot of the company names just really like when they are like you have to have this accredited kind of thing and I'm like well I guess. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well do you have $15 from this? That's that's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: mm it will be a lot and it will be worth it.
SPEAKER_R: I don't need to take a survey after this too. I have to take my laptop in tomorrow. I think I'm gonna try to get a new one because I don't think it works right but because like the one year warranty thing you get a free new one. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know if it's been a year, whatever, I'm sad, so I probably freaking call my cousin to cost her out and then figure out the problem and settle the issue.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds about right.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah. How does this work? Like, I don't
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure. Let's see.
SPEAKER_R: know. We have to talk for 25 minutes. I think it has been though, but it has
SPEAKER_L: open
SPEAKER_R: been a great
SPEAKER_L: 34.
SPEAKER_R: jen, you know, it's been a great convo. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand.
SPEAKER_L: uh if your, when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted or if it cannot be completed for some reason, please return to this browser tab to convene you, yeah, continue your participation.
SPEAKER_R: I think you just exit out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well you click the next button so there should be at the bottom.
SPEAKER_R: I see it. I see. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to be rude and undercover. See. But
SPEAKER_L: No, I think we kind of have to though if you want to continue the survey, so it was lovely meeting you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: meeting you. Thanks for listening to my problem.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. Thank you for listening to mine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very well
SPEAKER_L: Have a great guy.
SPEAKER_R: too.