hello, how
are you?
Well, it's pretty late at night, so I suppose I'm making it in some way, so absolutely, oh my gosh,
I honestly
lazed around like a complete, it was, I could have gone out and I could have run around, but it was like the absolute worst kind of weather for it with all the tropical storms coming up where I am, you got all the rain and people are starting
on a rain where
I am right now.
former
No, especially with like how it's supposed to be july and completely sunny and having everything going all around it once and you want some kind of break somewhere, but it's like, oh my God, it's
hideous out there.
Yeah.
You're
not far from me
morally,
but
it's still, yeah.
Yeah.
Well,
my gosh, that sounds fine.
huh.
my
And
Yeah, of course
not.
know. I mean it's like something you'd already planned for.
The thing that really kills me is that you're not in the wrong for that. Um like the whole thing is like if there's a time in a place, especially with how the pandemic is going right now, you've got to make sure like if there's already plans in motion, don't throw people in those plans because that's the biggest wrench you could throw in, especially if you don't like other people.
No,
fine.
But
don't drop the
last of it on me.
like my mother?
Mm hmm. And the thing is, is that I've noticed is that like communication is literally one of the hardest things people have to do or want to do these days. Especially we like, like there's so much that people just think like, oh if I just ignore this person, they'll get it. They don't, they don't,
What?
You can absolutely
read
it.
I actually, I'm the one who actually has to come to you to get any any explanation.
You can't put the blame on something when you cause that problem,
like
the one you can really blame is yourself because you're the one who started the problem
and this is the only way that you're going to do it.
And it's like you don't invite a stranger over to your friend's house because your sister wants to bring your, you know, your cousin wants to move my girlfriend. I think really awkward. And if someone asked me like, hey, by the way, my cousin who's coming over is going to bring their girlfriend, I'd be like, why?
Fun.
It's really awkward and really rude because you're not respecting, you're not respecting your friend's place. You're basically giving in to the whims of what your cousin wants and what her girlfriend wants, essentially. And you kind of have to also put down your foot saying this is time for us which include does not include the girlfriend. And I get that you missed her and you, I really want to see her, but you have to also arrange that on your own time.
mm hmm. Yeah.
And it's not like you're saying you can never hang out or never come and see California,
she's older than you. And she's asking you, it's like, honey, you got to actually act your age.
I'm wondering if your cousin has like, like, like really falls for someone who she thinks is great, but actually really isn't. But she can't see that.
And
What?
Not listening
to
you.
He's
bull in a china shop. And if you don't give her what she wants to live wants to hear, she basically shuts it down, has the fit internally and then acts like, you know, everyone's basically attacking her. Yeah.
No, no. Copper core.
Oh my gosh. Meanwhile me over here going back into work
for like the first for the first like three weeks last three weeks have been,
I'm a framer. So
what I still like, you know, cutting glass actually having a, you know the frames are actually made by a company that they get sent into us and we go and arrange everything so we put all the backings in, we arranged to make sure all the glasses cut.
Uh Yeah, we if it's a stone thing like so sometimes people come up to us for like jerseys and stuff so we'll actually go and make the shadow boxes and things for those. No. Well actually so that so that um should actually to the back, so that way when you display, you can actually see it. I've seen a couple of cool things. Um, I've had a couple of people bringing like one guy brought in a poster of the plane that actually dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
And it was actually the poster that was signed by all the guys who flew in it. Yeah. So
You have some really unusual people who come to do it like doing archiving and doing that kind of work has always fascinated me. So, um, we do things like that, but work has literally been because it's retail still. Um, work has literally been, hey, so I know we hire you
like two
weeks before cuomo went and essentially shut down the entire state. But because we got a new system in, we technically have to rehire you and
then we have to basically do everything through this new system, which means it has to go to the manager, then to the system manager, then to me then I have to send it back and go to the assistant manager, then to the manager, bend to the corporate, corporate sends everything back through that. It's a mind boggling stupid ass prospect. Well project like it's they looked at me and they said if we were using the old system would hire you in three days, we have all the paperwork done, we have everything done. I've forced three weeks now. I have worked three weeks now, over 50 some odd hours. They have not had me do any of my paperwork. I have a company ID I won't have any logins. Right? So I've been just using my framing manager. I've been using her stuff and I went from doing I supposed to only 15 to 20 hours a week because I have another job that's worked from home. Mhm. 12 hours. The first week up to 15 2nd week was 33 hours. I'm not even on the schedule this week.
But you know, right. And so here's the thing they called me in last Tuesday saying, hey, we don't have anyone who's actually closing for framing tonight. So could you come in? I'm like sure. I guess I don't have a schedule for me. Anything I come in. I learned I'm not even on the schedule. Um because my company is odd in that they give a budget of hours for each department each week and my framing manager went and gave the hours to her and the other full time. Who
actually coincidentally the full time has already asked to be put down the part time, but the, but the manager won't get her part time, so I
Open and go back to normal. The amount of Karens and chats who have argued with my manager over wearing a mask in my store. I'm like, there's a reason why we do not have such a massive outbreak, like in texas or florida or Arizona. That is because we were being masked and the worst part about this whole that because I don't have my paperwork and because I haven't filled out anything of that sort, they have to mail me my paycheck.
It's
been
over a week.
I'm pulling up my hair at this point. Like I'm like, what do
you think?
It's
not even being unprepared? It's basically them having my poor, my poor managers having to juggle everything between having less hours, less people. Because people still are not, not everyone is still back in and there's people who have refused to come in because they don't want to come in with the situation and my company basically told me um we are giving you your job back here. So if you say no we understand but also realize that if you say no we will reject
actually filling or giving you any unemployment, yep.
Yeah because we are giving you your job back you know so you can go in and do your job so if you refuse because you don't feel safe we understand that and
respect
it. Yeah but it's your problem now because we're not going to continue
to pay benefits and it's like I I started that and said really now what choice are you giving anybody?
They're either saying be poor will come in and risk being sick.
I
hate retail. The only one
to hire me at this point,
but hopefully not for long.
Moment.
I
have put it this way working. Yeah. Working on like being on unemployment I've made more being on unemployment than I've made in working my entire
life.
That for major
problem like
like my thing is like all the people on twitter complaining saying like oh people don't want to go back to work, I said people the reason people don't want to go back to work is a because there's still a pandemic going around and be they were paying better to actually stay at home. I'm going from like nearly $700 a week down
nearly.
That's a livable wage, that's an absolutely livable wage. I've been 10 years with my parents, I cannot move out of the house because where I live is one of the most expensive districts are companies
in new york
but
I'm too, I'm an hour and a half north of the city and we are the second most expensive county, aside from West
Point.
No,
like a studio,
studio here is anywhere from 1600 to 2400 month. Yeah.
Mom, it's stupid. And when companies aren't willing to hire and teach people and that's another problem I have is like, oh, they're like network. I'm like, yeah, but what happens for the people who don't have a network? What happens to the people who basically have a skill set and who can teach themselves that skill set or are willing to learn that skill set? You're basically shutting out three quarters of the workforce and shoving them into poor jobs because you don't want to take the time to actually train them
trump.
Is that's
why.
Yeah. But anyway, it's
I know
that's
me,
trust me like working, working in the framing shop, we have to carry anywhere from 5 to £30 frames back and forth. That first week I got back, my legs hurt so much,
I want to sleep and I woke up in my legs still being sore. Like you know, we joke around saying that we don't go to the gym, we just go and lift frames um Because
what?
my gosh, some of the things you've had to do, like you've had people bring in, I have to help them. Sometimes we've had people bringing in like 40 inches by 60 inch. They want those framed and they want them like with those and with those kinds of sizes you can't do actual glass because you tap that the last one that it shatters. So you have to use acrylic. And acrylic is a nice kind of hard plastic. It's gonna bounce right off with anything hits it. That thing weighs a ton. Oh my gosh it takes two of us, it takes two of us to go and lift it usually to go and place it firmly actually where it's supposed to and then we have to actually flip the frame to make sure there's nothing in it. It's a lot of work.
Yeah, yep. Making minimum wage
minimum wage here is 11 86 an hour.
It's
still
not enough. Yeah.
You know other people I know my friends who live in the mid class to like we'd kill for you know $11. I'm like yeah
I'm
like yeah but you're not the one who basically has to pay you know 1600 a month just to find a place that could barely hold any of your belongings. They're like yeah but our houses are like 800 month. Unlike sweet 100 sweetheart. Do you know how much of us were killed had to pay 800 a month for a house. You know how many of us were like I can't even afford a studio with $800. Like I had a friends in texas and they were looking at, they were listening to me and they were like how much is it video of like 60% 1800? They're like that's double what we paid for our house down here. I'm like yeah
I
can't.
Dude my my Angola's California because um my uncle actually lived out in Rabbi Laguna and that's expensive. Really offensive. Really bad. What are you doing the cat? Oh she's my uncle, she's got Sony's. How do you think you want to say hello? Oh no we got to clean ourselves first. Come here. Oh you little well here come here, excuse me.
Israel
it's
wow.
Honestly it's money because we're um let's see, My favorite story basically was last year I worked
I worked actually in a family owned store and I worked in a cafe section, so I was the one you know taking orders and bringing stuff out to people. And my manager basically sat me down one day after I worked there for eight months and basically said you know he says I've given it a lot of thought he says and um after a lot of deliberation we're gonna let you go. And I looked at him and I was just like I don't understand, he says I can tell probably out of all the people here that you are not happy here. Well he says, so I want you to basically take this opportunity to go and do something in the art field because that's where your heart belongs. And I looked at him and I just started crying because it was a thing of I appreciate the sentiment. But you are giving me more stress.
Look, my job, yeah. That my source of income because you want me to go and pursue the arts. And as someone who actually,
oh my gosh, I have a degree in I am at a degree Bachelor of Fine Arts. There is no such thing as working permanently with the company anymore. It's freelance. There's a reason why I never actually pursued illustration outside of doing college because I could not do freelance. It would it was the deadlines or enough to give me heart palpitations like the stress in them is so ridiculous. And I didn't enjoy doing most of the work that was given to me anyway. So it was one of those things of art is my life, my passion, but it's not my career, or at least the actual artist part of it is not my career. So I spent I did two other internships and one of them was working as a shit, what was it? I worked as actually as a database constructor and a database creator archivist for a non profit group. And then the second one is the one I'm actually it's my actually it's my other job, it's my work from home. Um I work with a director for a
so her dad, her dad actually was the leader of a band called uh Quills and he was banned were in the 1969 Woodstock Show.
So
they were in that Woodstock show. But when 1970 when the documentary came out, you know the one that told us about the who Jimi Hendrix on things? His band wasn't in it, his band and several others were accidentally left off of it. And so her documentary is the story of uh three documentaries, the story essentially of the consequences and the repercussions of not being on that video and where it led to him in his life. And so it's really fascinating because I'm the one who's actually archiving and documentary documenting all the videos she has. So we're talking like
old video, like actual eight millimeter film that used to play on the carrot on the carousel. We're talking slides, you know, you've used to put them in and you flip them one by one into the projector. Um just all this interesting stuff that you wouldn't think would be like important, I suppose if you look at it single handedly, but then you actually see the documentary by itself when you hear what it's about. It's really fascinating because she picked up the same music love of music that her dad does. She's still around, she performs with him.
Yeah. But she's now down in Delaware. I'm up here in new york. I'm the one who's helping her try and get all of this together while still trying to, you know, she's like doing my job. She's actually teaching kids in Delaware because she just finished doing her masters before she moved. This woman is insane. Like she she manages to do her master's keeps a four point oh GPA while she's doing this documentary, while she's doing her own art while she's like still doing a whole network and things and like how do you sleep?
She's like, I don't yeah.
yeah, but I'm just like, oh my gosh, can you learn how to like breathe a little, it's just absolutely insane.
I when I did college, our colleges a little different uh we do the whole first year is all called foundation. You're actually not allowed to declare your major at least in my
school.
they run you through basically all that yours to see what you're kind of into and then they let you declare your major.
So
Yeah, mine was illustration which led to a B. F. A. And I am actually in the process of well putting my stuff in now to actually do my Masters 10 years later.
So
yeah, I know it will be fun because I'm going for Master of Library Sciences and Information and that's usually meant for people who are going to be librarians or the people who are going to be archivists and
yeah, I mean most of the stuff that I've looked at are the amount of archiving companies have asked for is so ridiculous. Like you've had companies like Johnson and johnson and Gerber Baby and all those things they ask you to document and archive newsletters, They ask you to document like documents, they'll ask you to archive things. You wouldn't think that need to be archived. Like Warner Brothers actually was looking for an archivist for movies last year in which you were a proper, proper archivist. You created the entire online database. You made the entire list. And then you would actually work with other people to go and loan out those and also take in and take out.
It
yeah, it sounds really cool, but a lot of them are just like, well we need the masters and I'm like I could literally learn this system in two weeks, I know how to do all this stuff.
No, it's just a lot of the company names just really like when they are like you have to have this accredited kind of thing and I'm like well I guess. Uh huh
mm it will be a lot and it will be worth it.
wow.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
I'm pretty sure. Let's see.
open
34.
What
uh if your, when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted or if it cannot be completed for some reason, please return to this browser tab to convene you, yeah, continue your participation.
Yeah, well you click the next button so there should be at the bottom.
Yeah. Yeah.
No, I think we kind of have to though if you want to continue the survey, so it was lovely meeting you. Mhm.
Yeah. No. Thank you for listening to mine. Yeah.
Have a great guy.