Hello?
Good,
how are you?
How's your day today? What you do?
Same,
come on, there's so much rain. Uh huh.
Me
too. But I'm wondering like in july it doesn't rain like as much. That is so annoying because I wanted to go to the beach because my birthday is the 19th and I wanted to go the 18th, like it's so iffy right now and
like the forecast sometimes wasn't like right. So I, I just don't know like
so
sad. Okay,
I want to hear something and I need you to tell me if I'm wrong because I just had an argument with my cousin so I have to tell you the details. So my commission, her name is jennifer and so basically she has his girlfriend named lily just give me the names personally. I don't like lily at all and she knows it. Like I'm not gonna, I'm not faked her like I don't lie. But also lilies like um they're like long distance. I'll just, I don't think you're creeps, I'll just tell you where I am. So basically I'm in Connecticut and
New Jersey.
Yeah, so that's cool. So like it's not close, New Jersey, New york, New Jersey Connecticut, like
it's not long long distance, but it's
like,
so basically um
we had, I had plans with jennifer to hang out on sunday. Also like, I haven't really been seeing her because of like Covid and like her mom's like easy stuff,
so it's fine. And then I was gonna, we're gonna hang out, my friend charlotte, but basically me and jennifer live in different towns, but they're like 10 minutes away and my friend charlotte, she to where I live, but like she lives an hour away. So then sunday charlotte was going back to where she lives. So I was like, oh, like we can hang out another time because I wanted her to like, we're going to customize shoes or something. Yeah.
Yes. And then I was like, it's okay.
Like, I wish we could have done with us, but like, another time, but then jennifer is like, like, like I'll come down, you will drive, but I'm like, okay, that's fine. But then again, her mom is like, really, she's really strict. Like I asked her like, what's the plan for the weekend, because I need to tell my mom something to like, because she also, she's 21 like, she has to hide all this stuff from her mom, and it's
it's not her fault. So I'm
like, not trying to be like me, and I'm like, okay, it's fine. But then today she was like, I want to go to tree escape on sunday, and I don't know what it was. I look it up, it's a tree climbing place in New Jersey, so I knew where it was going. I was like um well that's kind of far, and like, I have fake nails, I'm not climbing the tree.
So
then she was like, oh lily asked me to go, ha ha ha, and then she was like, I just like, she was like, oh, then can she hang out with us on sunday? You know, I haven't seen her in a while, and I just felt like a picture of my face and then she sent Glad face and then like, I was talking on the phone, charlotte also because like, mind you were going to charlotte's house, like, it's not my house, like I Yeah,
exactly. And it's just like, don't don't add in like, the, you know, I haven't seen her in a while, like, don't try to like
exactly. And like, I'm not I'm not good at hiding my emotions that I don't like someone and I don't want to be mean to her for no reason because I just don't I don't like her, she's not a good person like you and like, that's like my cousin, so I obviously wouldn't be like a little bit more protective over. But then I was like, I just said honestly just go hang out with lily, like I'll see you and I see you because I don't know what I'm going to see her.
And I was like, it's just kind of annoying though because we already had plans. I'm reading off my text and you
have seen her in a long time, but like you kind of prioritize certain people and not use them, but then like dispose of them whenever you feel like it was kind of like with me when she started talking to lily more, that's fine, it's her girlfriend, like you can face on her more than me, I don't care like you know? But then her other close friend Bernice, like lily got a job, she's super busy now, she's all over Bernice, I'm in. Bernice is like um on like hang out with her cousins and she can't face time, she'll call me and it's just like I know I'm like your last option or whatever now but like it's just like annoying,
like don't don't just like disposable
I'm
and I'm like don't get annoyed at me when I don't want to pick up your call, you know, she'll get annoyed at me. So then
and I also felt bad for Bernice because like Bernice is super nice but she's kind of she's like really clingy but yeah, so like but then she started ignoring Bernice because Bernice was getting annoying and like the stuff Bernice was doing was like annoying, but instead of telling her she just started ignoring her. And then Bernice texted me, she's like hey do you know why Jennifer is ignoring me with all these sad faces and I'm like honestly like you're using people and you're being selfish, you know? Like.
And before she was mad at me because when I asked her what the plans were for the weekend, she said I like came off as like being like passive aggressive and like I guess I can sound like route over text because you can read a text message
wrong,
but
then
I told her I was like you're so hard to hang out with but then she just ignored it and like and then I apologize later, I was like I didn't mean for it to sound like I don't want to hang out with you. It's just like it is hard for me to hang out with you because of everything, but I know it's not your fault, you know after I sent that she just ignored me and then we have a family group chat every time I sent something like she would ignore me and I know that like like I know I know then I had to reach out her and be like are you mad at me because I can see you're ignoring me but like you're supposed to be older than me, why are you just ignoring me until?
And then she got mad at me because I assumed that she was gonna go with lily. And then like she was like well I ended up telling lily before that I'm actually busy hanging out with you. So now I guess we're just both staying home. And I was like, she was like,
I
never
she
was like, what was the harm and asking the question? I'm like, because it wasn't necessary. Like it's not like we were just forming the plans, like it's not necessary because like, it's not it's not a family thing where you can just like, if we were all hanging out with our family, just bring your girlfriend, whatever. It's like, it's my friend, we're going to my friend's house, it was, my house would be different, I don't care, but it's like I'm not, you know?
And like, my friend is friends with my cousin, like my cousin because I'm really
close with her, it's like, it was whatever, but then like, just adding your girlfriends just like
so she's just mad at me. So yeah,
she was like, yeah, she was like you're actually pissing me off because I asked you because I wanted to know if I could somehow work out something, what is there to work out? Like I already give you an answer. Like I said you can hang out with lily because like it's already hard for her to hang out with her.
I don't
I just as over it and actually didn't even respond to me because I was like it's just annoying to me because lily you uh oh I said I'm giving you an attitude because it's annoying how you act about lily considering because she will drop everything for like the second they're not they have not been dating for a long time, it would be different, this was a two year her first girlfriend before. Like I didn't like her either and guess what turns out she was crazy so so I knew but her first girlfriend then they ended up sticking it out. They ended up dating for four years so I was like whatever and then I became like civil with her, I became friends with her also I need to charge my laptop, but then you currently have been dating for like two months and for you to drop everything and plans for someone like that, especially when they're not even like super good to you then this is me off because
I think it's that because like I don't know and she always just has to be talking to someone but it's just like lily
lily is going to be rich in the future. When I tell you rich, she's gonna be rich. Like she she's going to Harvard med this year, so smart that like the company she is going to work with or whatever is paying for it in full, as long as she works for them two years after she graduates. So like she's going to medical school for free and then she has 100 love it and her life is said and like I just feel like jennifer caesar as like a superhero because her ex was like just like such a bum and stuff, so like she has her life figured out, but I'm just like that doesn't disregard the fact that like, jennifer wrote her like a whole letter for their one month and then
really was like why did you do that? Are you kidding me? Like who says that? Like we don't say why did you at least say thanks, I shouldn't even say thanks. She was like, you didn't need to do that. And jennifer is like, oh, but I wanted to and then really got mad at her and she was like, well that's just because I feel like now I'm obligated to write one back, are you ok? Oh my God, I just cannot stand her. And I told her I was because one thing I know I'm not gonna lie and be like, I was like, jennifer, like you're one of my close friends, so I'm gonna I'm gonna listen to your problems, like I'm here to listen to them. But it's annoying when you come to me with the same problems over and over and you don't listen to any of my advice. Like, what's the point? And she brought up that she was like, also me and lilies businesses, me and her his business, because now I don't even tell you about it because the last time you complained I didn't complain. I told you that you're not, I didn't complain about listening to your problems. I complain about you dealing
with
think
prop Yeah. So I just am so
annoyed. Yeah.
It's because she's a freaking Sagittarius and I'll tell you that damn Sagittarius. Oh just don't mean the effect.
Oh my mom's a Capricorn. I'm a cute answer. So it's very emotional. But um that's what's been happening in my life.
What
do you do?
But it's a framer?
that's
my
Who just acquires that? Like how do you get?
I'm
like
that's
that's
wherever
people are just like they're rushing so much to like real
Oh you have to wait for
it
and
that's so annoying like you
you
shouldn't have to deal with the company being unprepared that so.
No.
What
why
your
problem
ridiculous.
like people
Yeah that's ridiculous.
My
mom,
my
mom and dad was working like the same area, it's kind of like a factory setting kind of but they are things like didn't close down at all for covid.
That is surprising because like it's like a lot of people in an area and I heard one of the people actually did end up getting it. My mom didn't get anything but like she was so mad because her hours got cut so she was making less. But like people on unemployment we're making so much and like
she
tell
like that's a problem like
why
is that why is that a thing?
in
that lot like. Yeah, like that's a lot of work to like $700 a week like. Yeah.
New
york is so expensive like no matter what, like
not even just a city like creek.
you
can't even just get like a little area like it's
gonna, it's
gonna drink here. I cannot like there's no.
that's going to list.
And also like why were a central workers not given raises? Like they're being forced to work and like just the people who are working through covid, like
why?
I
know,
I don't know. It's ridiculous. I just, I'm only 18 and luckily I don't have to work necessarily, so like I'm grateful for that. But like, I don't know, I just, I hate working. I've worked jobs before, but like, because I I've been at college, like I do warmed this year so that like my winter break, I did work like a seasonal job horrible and my feet hurt.
It's not like a
breath
might be her.
Venture
definitely
gaining muscle friend.
that's a process. And you're making less now doing it too.
Something
it's 11 here, but new york is more expensive, so it makes sense. But still,
that's
not
way
living costs like think of that
way
must be nice, but I would never live in texas. I don't
care how
it was. I'm not living down there.
So is it a girl or a boy?
She's so
free. Hello mother, This is my new friend. What is that? Oh, cool.
Okay. Just put it out there. So what do you do prolific for though? Is it just like whatever, like on the side, just extra money.
That's what I'm doing. Yeah.
Yeah. You took my job.
Making income?
What's cool.
my God. Let's
get
old videos like,
that's so cute.
What?
Hey, if it'll pay off for her, that's for
That is crazy. I I'm gonna go into my second year of college but I'm still undecided. I don't really know what I want to do.
smart
though because like people. Hmm.
I heard that because I I intended this type of that in my school and basically was like most people change their major anyways and like by junior, that's when most people declare
major. Yeah. So like I'm not really worried. And plus I have like a lot of credits from high school. So I have some wiggle room. But I might I might do psychology. I don't know maybe.
I
mean never
thinking.
Deep. That
is a lot.
My cousin just graduated this year and she got her first big person job. That's not like what we did and stuff but like it's just excel and she didn't even know how to use it when she first got hired. But she was like you could definitely just learned this. Like you don't need a college degree. Yeah.
Yeah. Well do you have $15 from this? That's that's a lot.
I don't need to take a survey after this too. I have to take my laptop in tomorrow. I think I'm gonna try to get a new one because I don't think it works right but because like the one year warranty thing you get a free new one. Yeah,
but I don't know if it's been a year, whatever, I'm sad, so I probably freaking call my cousin to cost her out and then figure out the problem and settle the issue.
Mm. Yeah. How does this work? Like, I don't
know. We have to talk for 25 minutes. I think it has been though, but it has
been a great
jen, you know, it's been a great convo. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't understand.
I think you just exit out.
I see it. I see. Yeah. Well,
I don't want to be rude and undercover. See. But
meeting you. Thanks for listening to my problem.
Very well
too.