I'm good, how are you doing?
My name is Blair, what's your name?
Blair yeah,
let's meet you Helen. Where are you calling from today?
Maryland. Cool. I used to live in Maryland.
I'm calling from Ohio, in the United States.
Yeah. Sorry,
can you repeat that?
Oh my day is good. I've just been working pretty much all day. I'm a grad student at Ohio State University. And so uh we don't we don't get summers off so we work a lot and telecommuting as well.
I study psychology
actually.
of
course,
Music psychology. Really?
How would what would you study specifically within Music
psychology?
No, it's ok, I can understand you. Um So what kind of did you teach specific instruments are you just there to help you prepare to perform?
Across.
Okay, cool. What what programming languages do you use?
Cool. Yeah, that's that's more complicated than what I tend to use. I'm more proficient in in javascript
and python. So I use those actually use them to both create experiments for participants to, you know, do these psychological tasks as well as to analyze data statistically. So that's actually a lot of what I'm learning right now is how to use these computer programming languages to create experiments online. Because with the coronavirus
we can no longer collect data in person with people. We have to figure out creative ways to do experiments through the internet. And that's why I started to learn javascript because that allows you to use, you know, the web based platforms.
Yeah, I mean, it's a good time to be a computer programmer. Right,
Because you can do everything remotely.
And what does your husband do?
I see. So both of you are mainframe programmers. Nice.
That's great. Yeah. And so how long have you been in Maryland for?
Okay, great. Yeah, I actually used to live in Baltimore before I moved to Ohio I had gone to school in outside of Baltimore college called coucher College. It was a small little college and then I lived and worked in Baltimore for another four years after that. Yeah, I really miss it. I used to I really love love Baltimore.
I've been there before
See
if you got to see a whole bunch of the United States then.
yeah my my grandparents actually live in florida. Um Yeah and um in Sarasota, if you've ever heard of that, somebody in the west Coast. Really nice. Uh
they have white powdery beaches there I really enjoy.
Yeah, I like new york city as well, I've mostly
like
the food that's my favorite part is eating all the interesting cuisines, anyone from pizza to chinese hot pot, you can get everything there is
great.
you definitely feel that way. So I get very overwhelmed by everything that's going on. You know the advertisements, the there's so many people, there's people dressed up in weird costumes, it's like it's like, I don't know what to pay attention to because everything is happening so quickly.
because like it's gonna be a while before we can go see that again,
what movies do I like? I like are movies actually I really enjoy scary movies that
I creeped me out and like our weird actually just saw
kind of a horror movie the other night called mid Somar and that was really cool. It was about a bunch of people that go to Sweden and go meet a cult of crazy people. It's pretty exciting. What kind of movies do you enjoy?
Well
mhm. Okay fracture. Yeah
I've only seen the last episode to Homeland. I was visiting my parents when that when the season finale happened in the series finale happened as I watched that one episode it's like a funny episode to see the last stuff because it culminates everything but it seemed very tense like the whole time I was just like what's going to happen next? It's very
exciting.
Yeah I mean watching the c. Series finale made me really want to watch the first serious seasons so they it seems like a very interesting and good but I feel like there's so many different tv shows to watch that it's hard to choose exactly
which ones like me and my girlfriend have like five tv shows were watching at the same time. We go then we start a new T. V. Show and then we can't go back to the old one and we forget what was happening. So it's very it's very overwhelming sometimes but I also really like secession. I think that shows great and really clever. Yes.
A session.
Yeah everyone seems so awful. All the people it seems so so such terrible
people but it's really fun to see what they get themselves into.
Yeah they're all scheming against each other trying to get a leg up. It's pretty interesting. Um The kind of psychology I study is less about social interaction and more about the decision process like how we turn information into like a uh into something that goes then gets translated into our brains. So it's like our brain is like the hardware, it's like the mainframe and what I study is like the, the program that goes from like the server to to like the screen, if that analogy was helpful, I don't know.
the weather right now, it's fairly cloudy, unfortunately cloudy but warm, it's very humid outside. Uh I imagine the weather is pretty similar in Maryland, correct.
You like cold weather more? Was the weather colder in Ukraine than here?
Where it's warm and muggy a lot? Yes.
So
yeah, where in Ukraine, did you grow up?
All your family is still in Ukraine?
Yeah, I think I have some family from
Dubrovnik,
Oh, that's Yugoslavia. My mistake.
I'm
sorry.
Mm Yeah, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it was somewhere else. I was told that a family somewhere in the Ukraine, but I'm not sure where.
Yeah, maybe, maybe I was wrong about the name of that city because you're right. Dubrovnik is like in Croatia, isn't it?
You
can stop him.
I'll have to ask my mom when I talked to her next where it is, But that was that was like and I think my great great grandparents emigrated in the early 1900s from the Ukraine from Ukraine.
So so what else? How did how did you get involved with? Prolific?
Mhm. Yeah. It's definitely helpful. Also imagine doing the conversation part is helpful to hearing and speaking. Um Yeah, that's cool. I agree. Like things are very different and changing and it feels like most of the studies I take on prolific are asking me about how I feel about how things are changing. Um Actually, I originally start doing this because I want to start putting surveys on here. And so I wanted to see what it was like to do it as a participant before I make other people do it. So it's been very educational for me. So I see like what things work, what things are easy to do, what things are a little more difficult and less uh understandable for the average person.
Yeah, and like you said, there's many people that have more free time, so more people are going to do it, especially when you can get a little payment, because some people are having a hard time with money right now.
she also studies psychology actually, she's uh she does clinical psychology though, so she sees patients and helps them with mental illness and you know, life stuff like that. So her work is more useful than mine because she is actually helping people directly, where I'm just studying them from behind a screen.
Yeah no I mean I think that's definitely been very helpful because we both know what the other person is going through, not just working through issues with like uh psychology, but you know being a grad student it's hard so we can support each other and we both work long hours so we both understand when we need to get a paper done or uh make sure our advisors happy with us with a progress report or something, so it's it's very it's very nice. Um and you know when one of us has a question another one can hopefully answer it or at least provide some insights, so.
Right. Yeah because if you have an idea that you're not sure about, you can ask them to challenge it or make it better
definitely. Yeah you can get kind of stuck in your own perspective and you need someone else to come in. Just like no you're making a bad assumption right there or when you have a problem with your code, they can debug it for you, that's the best.
So what else? How's how's the uh how are things like in Elkridge with the virus? Are people is there a lot of people getting it or is it relatively calm?
Yeah. Do you ever go out for walks or anything to get just get out of the house?
Yeah, that's that's smart. I we go out a little bit because we have a dog so we need to walk the dog and make sure she gets exercise, otherwise she gets a little grumpy. So we don't we don't do too much. I mean there's a park near our house that will walk to and then walk back but we're careful. We avoid other people wear masks when we can.
Do you live in a house or like in an apartment?
That's not
so I live in columbus which is the capital of Ohio
yeah but we're not downtown, we live kind of in a more suburban
part of the city so it's pretty spread out, it's very common here too. It does seem like most people are staying indoors and not really going anywhere but we we actually still go out for groceries to get them ourselves. Um because it's not too bad over here a number of cases and what we wear masks, you know? Um But otherwise we haven't really gone to many places except for parks. Um Occasionally go on bike rides though because it seems like you can't really catch it outside, it's very rare so we felt pretty safe going by people.
Yeah, we're trying to be careful. Um
Yeah, I hope it's over soon. I mean what's interesting is like what's going to happen to the university whether or not they're going to have in person classes for students in the fall.
There's a lot of talk about canceling those in person classes and going to online only.
I was a teaching assistant in the spring semester and we switched to online halfway through the semester and people's grades dropped by a lot after the switch. It seems like, you know, people were having trouble accessing the material online or they were just less motivated because they were no longer in person, but there are a lot more people started failing the course uh once we switched.
Yeah. You need to see the person's face, look at them in the eye, see them smile goes a long way,
kind of food. I like all food. I can't it's hard for me to pick with food. I'm know, I'm mostly I cook a lot, so I try to cook vegetarian for me and my girlfriend. Um So a lot of tofu dishes, I started making some of my own uh state um It's called it's like a wheat gluten. Uh That's scared. Um I make a lot of oatmeal for breakfast and make some soups. How about how about yourself,
pressure cooking? I hear that's really cool.
I
can't
remember
the last time I had barbecue and sushi.
Yeah, we do a lot of cooking, but occasionally we order out like the things we can't cook, like some indian food we've ordered out. And I think chipotle, we've also gotten order
out, you know,
I love beets. All
That sounds
good.
Yeah. I mostly just roast my beats. So that way the sugars caramelize and they're nice and sweet. They were like and then I put me I'll put that in a salad with feta cheese, a little bit of shallots. Uh Some onion. Yeah, that's really good.
Yeah, they're probably good with like some pita to dip it in some like flatbread. Be very nice.
that sounds good. Now I'm now I'm getting hungry. It's only it's only 4:33. I need I need to wait another two hours for dinner. Yes. Maybe I'll eat a snack. Yeah. Okay. Well, it looks like we've hit 25 minutes
so we did good. So it was really nice talking to you Helen. Right.
Yes. Well stay safe out there and enjoy the prolific studies
that come out.
All right. Bye bye.