mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm Yeah, I am computer company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Right. Uh huh. Mhm, mm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Hello, cardio.
I'm fine. Thank you.
My name is Helen And again, what's your name
to meet Blair.
I'm calling from the United States from Maryland.
I live in Maryland three years for um, where are you going from?
I used to live close to a fire. I used to live for a long time in Missouri and Kansas city. Them I don't work when I sit there have a thing.
Oh,
how was your day today?
What are you studying
like?
Oh, it's great. I love us to psychology. I originally from Ukraine, I immigrated to the United States and in Ukraine I was a music teacher and now I
completely
premiere and in Ukraine I also law, I was a teacher in the music college and it was psychology. Music psychology. Okay.
yeah yeah. Hey
you
know it was like Children's psychology because in there is some uh I mean when the kids go into music school we start in the psychologist, they're learning a village is everything. And also when a musician let's say piano player or violent player uh doing some concert, they vary in their, you know like some people are afraid of sin, so psychology music psychology and help them to be more calm and more creative. Okay, thank you for my accent.
Actually I I can't play piano but uh in music college I was my major was music syria. It's hard when you self interest California, music history. It was my uh it's what I was teacher but also I was uh I studied, I'm not I was teacher of music psychology, music
really and other but here in the United States and computer program,
its mainframe programming, it's uh B B to C C SVS. Andre tell also I test my mainframe application and also I'm working on application which connects several languages like drama and many aim javascript and mainframe, it's okay.
Ooh.
It
mm. Probably it's good to learn also database because when you accumulate a lot of data you need to store it. Yes in some it's a place and about the virus, I agree every single digital now, it's not out your wife, it's
Yeah,
I'm working from home and my husband working from home too. Mhm.
She also mean for a programmer for for different companies? Okay.
and from programmers if you like it.
in Maryland the actually Alex my husband here longer, he's here for years. He started working here. I was I was living still in new york city then from new york city to Maryland. And now we live here together already three years
I don't know well about him or well, but we live in a small city elkridge, its approximate dragged about him or Yes, so if you like.
Yeah. Nice blaze. Yes. And before we lived in Kansas city for a long time, also worked as programmers and before we lived in new york city um It's all
about
yeah, yeah. Yes and sometimes we visited florida on Vicki seems to be like you love at the United States it's like it's like our homeland bombshells er
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't like floated. Yes and we like new york also because lot of entertaining options, a lot of places where you can stay it spend your spare time. Sevilla actually my relatives lives in new york so the visiting often and be used to live in new york system.
Thank
you.
I
love it. My favorite is limp club in Manhattan lamp club. It's so beautiful. It's a vicious, nice place, nice atmosphere and very delicious. And I love Times Square. I love here, I love good the course. It's like you, I'm feeling like I am in the middle of the role. Yeah,
Yeah, it's nice and I love it. I miss it and
yeah, yeah, it's too crowd Yeah. What movies do you like?
Ooh.
Hm
I like different shoes. My favorite shows is our homeland. I love and billion successions. I like you fracture. It's like
fracture fracture.
Yeah, I like it. And but my favorite show, billions succession in homeland. I'm
My
opinion. First part of the 1st 12 or three season, brilliant upcoming season. Nice. Always exciting. But not as nice as for true season. I actually live like Damien livia. Damien lettuce. He plays in this movie. So it's my favorite are sure season interesting but not you're not.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I like it. Yeah.
Good.
I like the conversation there. If you study in psychology, it's probably very interesting to watch this show because it's so many different psychological situation. It's analogies. It's just sometimes unbelievable.
Yeah, psychology is very interesting. I like it. It's a, I like movies which are psychological, let's say billions. It's brilliant movie related to personalities relations. I think it's very psychological movie succession. Yes, it's what else? I don't know. But okay. What is most A visa in Ohio?
Yes, a little bit cloud, but it's really warm, Warm. Yeah, it's warm, nice weather. I actually, I like cold weather move.
much cool that it's extremely cold and all often rain really ranges. So and I like when I'm cold it's for me it's, you know, it's but atmosphere. But we live in Maryland but can.
but
it's nice for them. Uh
I grew up, it's small city minutes skin, unpronounceable small city. But it's nice play. And I immigrated to the United States in 1996. So I, you know, one for a long time or is it and all my family?
No, all my family, I live in Maryland with my husband and my mother and my sister and my niece lives in new york. So what? Yeah.
Talk
Dubrovnik. It's, it's Yugoslavia or found
what you did to
me.
It's okay. But it's a one of, I mean it's not Ukraine and definitely Dubrovnik, maybe it's some small city, but it seems to me that that Yugoslavia,
you have, you have some family Ukraine. Yeah.
Yeah. It seems,
I'm not
not to Ukraine. I don't remember like big cities like in Ukraine. Like he will walk hard cuff uh hotels and I know we need uh but
Oh, great. Yeah. Mhm. Yes.
You know, I started, I like surveys and I started to take surveys approximately a year ago and I enjoy doing this. I like this and you know, I like different topic, especially connected to movies or psychological topics. Everything is interesting. Especially now we have now is a situation where everything has changed because of this. We are staying warm and I would do sometimes it's not available. We're trying to be careful. So mm I have a time to do some survey and I like it. You know, it's and growth english.
Yeah. I think for you it's for your profession is very helpful. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's very helpful. Yeah. Okay. You you mentioned you have your your friend and which sudden?
I think it is very good when you both are related to the same profession. Let's say for us the both our programmer is the same programs. I mean the same programming languages like mainstream. It's helpful for us in our relationship because we can discuss it discussed different situation. It's some kind of bonds between us. Some kind of fun because bonds different psychological bonds. But this is one of them.
you can also discuss with each other. Different situations will be helpful for each of you. I think it's good. It's great because sometimes be mighty 26 years and yes, in addition to personal relationship, it's good to have in other kind of professional connection or bonds or with discussions. So I think it is good. Yeah. Mhm.
We'll discuss, express your opinion. Ask him about something because sometimes it's good to see something from another point of view.
helping each other. Yes. Yes. Especially during design they stand it's helpful to help each other. Yeah. Okay.
I still in my country, it seems to me like around 2000 cases or maybe cases for this, I'm not sure because but it's not very bad, it's not bad. But I see that we live in Howard country and I see that all our neighbors teaching in the houses and it's quite sometimes feels that I don't know um somewhere in the middle of something because it's quite the staying home. We ordering our food online. Uh If you like Costco and Costco delivery in our groceries, their prices are great and the food selection great. So we order in every single line is a delivery in amazon another choice. So we still both programming. We can work from home from home now in our state home um or they're still here, so it's still actually.
No. You stay in home video. Uh He betrayed me at house a lot. But inside inside I would like to go out to walk but my husband's very careful. We tend to take home,
Yeah. It will be also very careful when we we are not going out. But let's say sometimes to pick up mail or something, we have to go out. So we're trying to be careful. Very careful. It's
you're living in the house in the calculation small c term here, it's close to Washington and it's close to Belgium um Nice. Really nice. I like it. Uh
What state is cheating on like? Ohio
Oh it's good. Yeah.
A suburban here.
You have to wear a mosque. You have to wear goes everything should be careful now.
Yeah, I think it's good. I'm sure it's a little over soon, but for now they have to work out.
No.
Mhm. But it's not very good substitution. Yes, important. Mm.
Yeah, I know. Especially for psychologist that's very important in the personal communication yet person because it's all. Yeah.
Yeah. What kind of food do you like?
Yes, I like cooking and I like health style and my favorite tool is a pressure cooker. Yes.
You mentioned soup, I like to cook soup and pressure cooker. You know you can put uh it's healthier. Especially you also most vegetarian you're trying to avoid me but sometimes you can need it but not not often. So I like fresh soups. I like to put peanut, another herbs and tomatoes, everything then press a cook and then using I mean hand blender, you could cream in it. It's really healthy and I like it into like different trails also like go out and eat sushi and back resumption. That's not
it's
good
enough.
Yeah, it's not an option now. It's unfortunately I have to cook everything home. Yeah.
And.
Like very healthy beet salad. You know it's it's it's super food. It's really
and what I'm doing I'm um pressure cook these beds. Then I clean skin, remove skin and then I uh uh how to blend it in in blender wonder. And then at uh garlic or my anus you can add something girls like a little bit nuts and it's delicious sellout. I like this. Easy
to do know
and delicious.
I also like wages different salads. It's my favorite. Yes. Simple cell is that you take fresh charas and blended and at garlic and blend the cheese or shredded cheese and at minus is very delicious Like five minutes to cook and the night.
Read in those years.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes. Yes. Very nice talking to you too.
You
do stay safe. Okay. But