SPEAKER_L: who? Wait a minute. Right. Another Mhm. Yeah, Carolina. Yeah. So I guess I'm waiting for the other person. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Well. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Everyone or I'm here really saw this, wait until It's supposed to be at 4:00. So this way, mm hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very happy. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, right, okay. Yeah, I'm Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Usually, yeah. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hello? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. The yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Which is pretty interesting. Okay, figure. Mhm. Okay. Shit. Yeah. Hello? Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Let's go. Yeah. Right. What? Yes. All right. So now we have a pre workout in 1139. Here's the deal. I've been ready to go to the gym for an hour, but I'll get in big trouble if I go before noon because the wife is a late sleeper. She's a night owl. She always has been, She reads, she's read like, I don't know. It feels like 100 books already since the year start. Loves to read and loves to sleep. Issue is my gym since COVID has moved right next to the bedroom and I have a smith machine and you'll see it just a second. It's pretty awesome. But it's noisy. And uh, she wouldn't take too kindly to being waking up before noon. So, uh, we'll do a little stretching first and then we'll head up there and I'll show you what the new setup looks like. Somebody else has officially awakened. So, Eddie, my boy, our son. He came to visit for a week or two before Covid and he's still here. He's showing off. What are you showing off? What, what? He's showing off their, how'd you get that from his parents? He just started golfing and we've been big balls up there, which will show you a little bit later today on the simulator and I finally took him to actually play golf and he fell in love as any better. Yeah, he doesn't hurt back, but we've been playing up on the simulator. He wants to play me even he played me a four day match for $1000.100 bucks a hole. And these two rounds and down 10 shots. I can't handle this. So good. Yeah. You putt for dough. What's that? What do they think you drive for? Show putt for dough? That's how we do it. All right. Obviously, since Covid gyms and all, that is not a thing. But the show must go on. So we upgraded our gym here at the house and I'll show you. I got the F. T. Two trainer suggestion. Yeah, it does. Everything will show you how you got free weights adjustables bar. Currently could be any of us. This variation inside here, we've got j got a good solid vantage of the spider girl right there. God makes compliance. You don't work on. You got the trend now rubber. It's more freeways here and well here you got robert. This is the piece W stops. It is the trainer. Okay. This guy right here doesn't all got eight Cable Pulleys. You've got police down there, police over top part there. You've also got a smith par, but you can use bend your breasts for all full house. It's one of the other unique things that are doing with fritz that was different than what I've been doing in the past. Typically do like the new splits. You know, I'll look back and buy since they, one of the ways in which we didn't do a lot of cardio during this whole program shocking. Think like a cardio hardly any. What we did do is full body workouts. Okay, so for example, today we got on the agenda is what we're doing. We're doing taste like a higher weight, lower Right? So you're like four sets of eight barbell squats using this machine. And we do a done deal remaining Douglas so remaining. Uh huh. I can't speak something else. All right. And then we're gonna do semi super native dumbbell press, it's just like a bench press just a burden that dumbbells. Then we're gonna do a lap by machine. She wanted to pull downs and run into a dumbbell incline club. Then we're going to do uh three super sets of spider girls bicep curls and then a dumbbell overhead tricep extension followed by machine standing calves. Which I can do here with the smith machine. Again, calves right? There might be some planks, some drugs because one of the things it's like lean her neck, it's real skinny so pop that out and then after that is a little Albertine where we've got the rope right here we'll do some side bends and things like that. So uh do some like golf style, you read over. So anyways this is what we're doing for about the next seven minutes. Got the T. V. Typically this podcast. Hockey Central whatever. Speaking of podcasts, don't forget to check out that poker podcast which is our podcast will be recording one Tuesday night um sort of the world series of poker discussing, but the plane is for World Series of poker flocks. This is gonna be different right, playing on my I don't know. Alright, work out in the books now. It's time for the stalls creation I came up with, it gives you a meal plan and he sort of started fiddling with things here and there. I found that a tablespoon of baking powder can do wonders for your post workouts. Instead of drinking a shake, I drink plenty of water. I turn the protein powder, add a little water, 11 teaspoon of baking powder, poppy is coming. Hey boys, they are the people yet I got boys one tablespoon of baking powder, all the things, hold it a little bit of water and put some apples on it, cinnamon, little bit of almond butter that I say from this morning, put that on top yummy, yummy. Sounds good. We'll show you how we make a protein protein Power fruit. I'm gonna take some legal. This is my favorite. Gonna put half of that excluded the bacon. So sata. And then, uh, we're gonna get this little bowl, add a little bit of water, mix it up, mash it up and then I'm gonna peel the apples, boil them little apple sauce out of it to go on like this one a little bit of once. Once he was a little almond butter and a little cinnamon on top of the uh, All right. So once you put the water and you see it's kind of like a, uh, like a dope or whatever. You know what I'm gonna do? Trying to shape the dough and squeeze it all together and to make, to make too little dangerous. I mean, while we're cooking this year, why I seem so staged. What? Hey, hey, look at this. No, look at that. What's up? So usually good. No, you never know. You turn the heat on. I didn't touch the drag me on composting. No, I didn't have a sleep number bed in my state, scores are usually 90-93, 14. Yeah, I don't sleep. Cold air goes to the gym and it's cold. I can't breathe. I swear in my life, I swear in everybody's life on a stack of bibles around and whatever. I did not touch it. I did not. You just want on its own today. We'll see you later for a movie. Yeah. All right. So what you do is basically when you mold them into a little ball, like two balls here, it's as simple as like squishing them down. That kind of looks like a cookie. And then because I'm gonna put stuff on it, I'm gonna put all the apple sauce. It's like a cooking show, right? I'm a poker player, not like chef already. You can stuff. So I'm gonna make like a crust that we'll go in the oven and it'll harden Both of them like that. Something like this finesse and whatever. And it comes out nice and crispy. You take a little parchment paper and thinking like this. I like to repeat it. 425 it up to you, depending how crispy want it, throw this in here for 20 minutes. Uh are still here. All right. So there we go and put that in for 20 minutes. And while that's happening, we chop up some apples. Is my audience right spot you excited for cobb Oh yeah. Just to lay on the beach. Yeah. You got a plan. Just hurry up. Oh yeah, I'm gonna put you in, you know your money? It's not money. Oh my God, I've forgotten. I want to. Yeah, it's probably a 25 day. You can read by the three times you. Let me read it three times. Thank you. I'm not playing this, but I'll play the little ones. I've played a little interview last year. Remember we got to block the next, the next thing. People really good at the same table and actually I was in a different room households. Right, right, so here we go. We got the apples boil it up here, appeals will put them in there, Keep that another 5, 10 minutes to mash them up with this guy right here with the salmon on top and young still we're almost ready. So we got one tablespoon teaspoon of almond butter spread up on those two melting on top. We got apples, cinnamon or put that on top of those. And young young sure you could drink a protein shake but I'd rather eat mine. Hello? Um Your whole extra on the side. Mhm. No. Yeah, I love doing this. It's too much. I feel like I'm a baker now. Like I've learned some stuff during this quarantine baking, like baking one on one. So he's baking powder does. So one of the things that uh this quarantine has done for me and what it's really like in full usage of the house. We don't we haven't left, we didn't leave, I left for the first time just a few days ago, go outside of that. Uh We literally never left the house and definitely use some more of it. So typically on a day like this after a workout, jump in the pool for a bit, relax. A lot of people wonder about spray tan. Now I live in Vegas, you double sun up there and then it's involved on the putting green. Later we'll have some balls, like some actual swings, working on something real good christian, my golf guy boom smacking and hitting it pretty good. So that'll be the and then of course we'll do 10,000 steps a day. That's one of the parts of the program I'm doing is just walk nothing crazy. We'll go on the treadmill. I'll probably bring my laptop up there and I'll play online poker. I've been playing a lot of online poker, a private couple private games with some buddies and stuff like that. A lot of mixed games playing 11 game mix, Another one like 4 or five game mix. So that's been uh fun and a good way to keep me sharp since the World Series is coming around, I'm gonna probably start playing some uh no limit hold'em tournaments on there just so I can get comfortable with the software and the whole deal and get back into the swing of things with element. But for now time for a little bacon in the beautiful 105 degree weather. He's all excited and cute. Get a little dance, do the dance thing again. Yeah, your dad can keep watch, This is the assistant last, how long we'll get together. Got like 40 Jesus. You made it 14 years. Okay. I have online conversation for a survey in a couple minutes. Shit everywhere fucking Hey? What? Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm, understand. Right. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Thank you. No. one of your life talk. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Oh no. Yeah. No. Right. No. All right. So, oh backyard. Right. Right here. Yeah. No barking again of the future. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yes. Over his apology to follow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Cause Uh huh. All right. All right. Yeah. Oh. Oh possible. I think that is yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Do not want. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't like that one right down the hall. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Wow. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Not bad. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mother. Uh huh. No. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yes that's me. Yes. It's a fresh start. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. 3 52 34. Mhm. Mhm. Lots of people. Yeah. You guys football Good deal. All right. Okay. So just gonna hit you know what I'm working on. So, you know, I'm working on getting my hands higher work are hot for black. Your last That's good. Well, Oh yeah. What? Here we go and high product. Oh, a little bit. Okay. I've had the first three today. Well then we're gonna come on over here. Open that, sweetheart. Okay. Maybe it wasn't thought now we get rewind it. Take a look. Okay. So the hands are in a good spot. Not that bad actually. But it's too long. See you don't need to go there. We can stop. You need to be that. Yeah, I've been trying to tell us. That's all right. How bad her first one? We shall take it. So, working on like a two place this incident lines. So I want to take it back on that line. Maybe down on this house of that. So up there, but we'll get it on the next on. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Uh Huh. Yeah, about 3500. All right. Now. Also of weight lost a lot of fun. It's quarantine. Obviously the United States, those who are doing otherwise right now. We spend so much action. Yes. Uh World, I'm just saying. Mhm. Shit. Yeah, harder. Okay. Bye. Oh, crap. Okay, good. Check out. We collectively got back. Killer. All right. Mhm. Are they have another treat treatment? You are the treatment after all. All right enough. That 20 day pretty quickly there big pio pot against something danish player may or may not have won a bunch of I don't know, just saying random fire P. L. 05 heads up too quick. I had a Jack 85. These clubs ace 10 or 9 to close. I just these clubs, It's 40 cap, 40 bit cap. And I just figured a lot of drugs you missed all that is a subject that paid him off and uh Dana Scott happen to have created. So that's that uh lunchtime we are going to make a total scramble. You know like a pita and then he's happy to for a teaspoon of peanut butter as a little super deserving staff. That will be kind of lunch and then all will have after that. Tonight is gonna make pizza. I mean, so we make a pizza for you evil. Uh late afternoon much scrambling here will extra one teaspoon of peanut butter right there. How are you? Uh huh. Off. Let's go on. Let's help. Yeah, It's over one. What? Oh, oh okay. Oh Little exercise because it happens to be about 105. Here I try to I can't take this out of the law. That would be cruel on their little feet. So when the sun starts to die down a little after seven pm right now, take him for a little stroll, get some exercise in the park, haven't run it on a little bit. We'll come back and have a big appetite. He's coming okay. Last meal tonight. Have the Pakistan danish it smoothing and uh, actually pizza this right here is a, this is all. So why don't we chicken lover? We're going to have a bunch of state of sausage is gonna go in there. Got red pepper, mushroom onion. And then, because I love it. I don't like people honestly believe you put pineapple on pizza. She got actually face I got, Yeah, I put on the grill, uh, a little bit, a little bit for 65 absolute oregano basil. Stop. Alright. Pizza officially gun Yeah. And I know you're in the comments I get. Okay. So you don't have cheese for every one of you that's gonna post that. Just don't bother because I already know real pizza cheese, whatever I could with baked cheese or whatever. But I want to like this. No, that's not it at all. I mean a difficult day anymore. A wife sit out here by the school. We got here by the pool, watch. We're gonna watch tonight. What do we want to? Thank you. Thank you. That's what he called. But you know, and by the way, yes, when I'm at home, I always wear easy book. Catch my point was nicely with this on whenever. Mm Or did you just say obviously, I know she doesn't think. Big Corey. While I what? Yeah, it's true french tyco shirt. So we're gonna keep in touch throughout the World Series. Won't be doing daily box, I don't think, But I'll probably throw one or two a week just so the recap, how we're doing maybe bust out some interviews, the whole deal. It is all gonna be Nolan and holding kilo and then particular series short deck. So always keep that now unfortunate the button you as well. So I didn't like corn each style at house for fun. Yeah, Nobody here. So now I wait five minutes. Well, no, okay. You know this kind of stop signs? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. I find them early. 33 guys. Mhm, mm. Oh yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: good. Are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm good too.
SPEAKER_R: uh what's your name? My name is Wing that's W. I. N. G. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Same here.
SPEAKER_R: So uh where are you currently?
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: in uh florida.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I've actually never been the meeting to go though because I want to go to Disney World. But
SPEAKER_L: Yes, we're times right now. They're not open. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I am out of uh northern
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Virginia which is a few miles from
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: uh Washington D. C.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever been past
SPEAKER_L: just passing
SPEAKER_R: the traffic
SPEAKER_L: through, I
SPEAKER_R: here?
SPEAKER_L: guess. I grew up in New Jersey lived there for a long time and we moved to Florida like in 2000 2007 and just kind of passing through remember once we took a train ride to go to Disney world like in 1999 passing through all that stuff in Washington D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been to a New Jersey um I worked at a Jersey City um a few times. Um there's a 545 Washington something. It's basically this um building where it's right across from this like building called the Chase Building or something like that were Jpmorgan Chase's. So I worked um so I work in consulting and uh my client was Hsbc. How about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm well I was and probably will be again at some point a supervisor in culinary at Seaworld. Yeah but we all kind of kind of furloughed and some
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: of us
SPEAKER_R: that's talks
SPEAKER_L: yeah some of us came back and what it's gonna take a long time it seems like it's very very slow and and they're even like they reopened but they kind of like right off the bat said they're going to close two days a week. Which it seems very strange. I mean, I mean not necessarily right now, but like you think about before the pandemic, you would think, well we never get too close and now they're really committing to closing two days every week, the first of the year. So we'll see what happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So your training the culinary arts? Oh nice. Did you go to like uh like CIA or anything like that
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: I just like growing up in Jersey, like I went to community college a little bit and and I worked at some burger King's, I was a manager there and then when we decided to move to florida, I was pretty much gonna go, I guess I'll just go get a job at burger King being manager again. But I was like, I didn't want to be in the florida heat on the dry food and and you know the burger king? So I was kind of like, well when I worked for Disney and and I kind of tried to go to Disney and I had a couple of interviews and then also got interview at Seaworld and as it turns out Seaworld, which kind of better because it was like it's a little bit smaller, so like with Disney you really get lost in the shuffle, something so big and so you've got kind of big too, but it's never as big as Disney, so it was always kind of called me in the Sea World and I was way better off and the benefits are fantastic and
SPEAKER_R: wow that's
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: all hope we're all going back because like I know a few of my my buddies are back but most of us aren't back, which is kind of like good news to just kind of like we feel like it's going to happen, but maybe it's going to take like maybe six more months or so and then the unemployment is like amazing like I mean I'm making more money with unemployment anyway so so.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I've heard. Um It's a weird situation that unemployment um thing and then especially for people
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that are small business owners actually my brother, my brother actually worked for me uh in burger King, he was um I don't think you're the manager though, but he worked for burger King. Um and that was during college now he's uh doing accounting for like a logging company and uh Tacoma Washington.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah so as far as like you're how you're managing um like it on unemployment, are you like doing anything like? Uh
SPEAKER_L: like this like you know service kind of thing like I'm on like uh mturk is kind of pretty cool like I made like yeah I made like some really nice money I made like for you think 660 I got an answer for I think it was April and then for me I made like 600. The prolific. Are you this like I assume you're on prolific with this, what we're doing now. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So prolific is cool but like it's kind of hit or miss you get a few a day, maybe three bucks, four bucks. We're kind of like with Mturk I can try to make like 20 years like $20 a day kind of and it's really need money and then the unemployment is great, unemployment is great, but also like before I got it, it was nerve wracking because it kind of like it took a long time for it to finally hit. Like I kept no money, no money, no money and I was still competent.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard her to claim that it's uh it's been a nightmare for a lot of people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, at least like for me it was like it's I guess it's definitely a nightmare like when you got that situation like where you're a gig worker and you're kind of on your own, it's a little delicate, but for me like people like we're Disney and Seaworld, it was supposed to be automatic and it was going to be automatic, but the issue was just like a picture like waiting on a really really long line and for all it was it was just
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like it was a question, Once they get to me, everything will be okay and then it is okay and now it's like it's almost over at this point, but then I really feel confident that go through like another simple start coming up Because you've
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: got the deadline on July 31 when the Fed thing is over with the unemployment. So I think that's why they're not really rushing to do a second stimulus because why bother? Because well we have enough money if you have an employment, but when he is July 31 and the money will run out,
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's
SPEAKER_L: so I think
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'll do another one.
SPEAKER_R: think it depends on where you are though, because there are some people that um you know, there, right, the stimulus check aren't helping them as much as it would be depending on where you live, right? Because like some people a little bit more. But
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: mean in that case it's kind of like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: you don't want to tell people how to live their life. You know, you want to just like give them flat out money. I mean, that's one reason why I was what like nothing too deep into politics or anything, but I was big on like you b I and universal basic income. Yeah like I myself don't personally need, but I think I know a lot of people that it would help quite a bit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so yeah I I have a roommate or whatever that was thinking about taking it. And um he so he works for a print shop that was where they like print, you know like specialty kind of well they print stuff out to have clients where they print out like banners and uh like monthly newsletters and things like that. And um during the pandemic which I guess technically still going on um like
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: he got some of his hours shortened and so he's also working part time at an animal hospital and now he's he quit the animal hospital because he was a part timer and they just didn't
SPEAKER_L: smile.
SPEAKER_R: have the need because a lot of people are keeping their pets home. Oh and so now he's um doing delivery driving for papa john's. Yeah. But uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my and and then the small business loan thing that was kind of a nightmare to for a lot of people, especially restaurants, because I grew up working in the restaurant industry, actually, my parents on a restaurant and I worked in it From the age of 4 - 18. And um my parents, I think they're, they're probably ok for the most part since they've been working for this long, but like my have siblings and we had been pushing them to retire because uh we're all doing okay right now. Um and um but my parents like it's it's it's kind of difficult because we we kind of live in or where my parents live in, I don't live in my parents, but my parents live in like this a small town in southwest Virginia um in this town. Um Okay, like I'm like, I don't like to make judgment some people from a political standpoint, but there's a lot of people
SPEAKER_L: Ever?
SPEAKER_R: there that um you know, because of a lot of things on the internet and my me being ethnically chinese um that uh my parents are kind of older. Um it's kind of
SPEAKER_L: Apartment.
SPEAKER_R: a potentially volatile situation um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: even though they were probably customers before and stuff like that. It's with this, you know, people speculation that it's a chinese engineered virus to destabilize things or whatever. It's uh kind of
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: because.
SPEAKER_L: not very far fetched that. That could be true.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, so like they're like I've listened a lot of different people on both sides. That's typically how I kind of like think about things, just make sure have all the information. But um you know, it really like people will try to point blame and everything, but at this point it's kind of pointless dwell on that because
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: it's already happened right? You can't turn back the clock. The only thing you can do is try to look forward and if you try to look forward, the only thing you can do is really put on a mask for everybody's sake. You know, I'd like I grew up in a small town in southwest Virginia, like working for our parents and our town is like 5-6,000 people. And um it's just a lot of people that I know um you know there kind of closed minded I guess you could say um they didn't end up going to college, like like I did and uh I find myself kind of caught right because um there's certain things that you don't know unless you know and um they don't know it and I do and because they don't know it, they kind of jump to quick conclusions and then what is happening is like uh
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I have a hard time trying to defend them and just but I knew them because I went to school with him and we were, you know, like friends a long time ago, you know, things change and people change and uh it's kind of really unfortunate, kind of sad to, but not much I can really do about it. You know, everybody kinda can go different different
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: paths in life. So um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, so the political situation and the coronavirus anything, I think
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's not it's not good um for the entire country, especially like i it's weird to me when I know people from my hometown that would say all these things like that are just coming from people that might he just trying to introduce like, like they're they're called Agent Provocateurs. So what they are is like in protests and online, any crowds and stuff like that. They are quite often um foreign agents to go online and take advantage of people who don't know that much information. Um to kind of destabilize like uh political situation. And a lot of them will create these very right wing facebook groups, right? And they'll come up with these snippets of information that are not true at all, But then they'll substantiate that with some true information and then they'll get people that can't tell the difference to join those groups. And when people join those groups, they can't tell the difference. So they share this information, you know, on social media. And then because of that, it causes a lot of mistrust and confusion and things like that have but, you know, I don't entirely blame them for like joining those groups or anything like that because they don't know any better, right? Like when you're, when you feel when, when you're like a lower income person in like a small town or something like that. Um, and at the end of day, like the government, for the most part, they've never been like for the people, right, for the longest time. Like many, many administrations, they're in the pocket of big business, no matter what party it is, but they're good at getting people to enter into this trouble mindset where it's us against them, but
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: really for everybody in the United States, it's really everybody against big businesses. That's really the way it should be. But people don't see that because it's too easy to fall into this tribal mindset because whether you're like democrat or republican, like there are strings being pulled that are primarily from big banks that you can't really see. Um But if you do a lot of like reading about
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: the history
SPEAKER_L: very well.
SPEAKER_R: of the banking system and how it started off and in the UK and everything and certain things like the, it's called the bread and Woods Agreement. And this is where a bunch of big banks came together to decide that, you know, um something called the LIBOR score and live your score is basically this number value, they apply to like interest rates. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: It sounds, it sounds very much like conspiracy theory I know like, but if you but it's just something that like I've I've always been interested in kind of like reading different things, like from his historical perspective um Yeah, I'm just sorry, it was kind of like a ramble.
SPEAKER_L: Alright sir. We've got to go 25 minutes. I mean uh is there anything, I don't, I don't know what to say when we had this conversation, but like, like for me, like here in florida, central florida, like I don't see like the viruses that big of a deal. I worked at zero for a while. I think it's sick. It was the beginning I was, no one was wearing a mask or anything. My wife is what you call the central workers. She works at walmart all the full time. And then the biggest thing I would ask her, it's like she's not sick. I'm gonna go, do you know anyone who's working there has gotten sick and all this time? And she says, I don't know. She says know anyone who's got a look at her walmart. But to
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: me, it's bad when someone got sick, one person at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's sort of one of those things where it's like
SPEAKER_L: Excellent.
SPEAKER_R: you hear a lot of, I mean you hear a lot of people that aren't sick right? And that that can easily skew your judgment, right? But then you see stories and people are sicker than they've ever been and it doesn't look like a regular flu. So you know, it's like what would somebody have to gain necessarily by lying to that extent? Right? There's no, there's really not that much to gain like um So one thing that, I mean there are few things like that, the mass things should never have been a political thing primarily because like what a lot of americans will know is like in asia, right? In china and Korea and in Japan places like that, I've been to uh Hong kong um like in the last two years or whatever. And generally speaking like there's this sense of um I don't know with courtesy, I guess. You could say like if you're sick in any of those countries and you need to go out, you put on a mask. Um common courtesy. It's not like, like I have a very
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: right wing old trend that saying its compliance, they're trying to force compliance. But the thing is, it's kind of like this thing is gonna blow over right? However long it might take. And when it does is a really compliance. Like is something, there's nothing in the law permanently that says you have to wear a mask. They're just even, it's even if it's a mandate, like if you're not wearing a mask, you know, somebody can't necessarily rescue. But if you're not wearing a mask and you're going into a business right? A business has the right to refuse service to you, right? And that's because it's bad business if like you have customers that get sick, right? And you can't blame somebody for wanting everybody else to wear masks around them. Um If you're like just you know courteous, but it's just like, so I initially right, I didn't have a mask. Like I thought it was complete a garbage. I thought it was like not not real. And like to be fair, I could be asymptomatic, right? I like I have type of Oakland and uh what they from what I've read from some like scientific journals and everything. Type o blood, I'm supposed to have a higher level of resistance to certain aspects of the virus. I don't know if that's why, but my roommate, he ended up getting sick as a dog. And the thing about that is like uh he couldn't really go to doctor because like uh
SPEAKER_L: Was he ever tested for covid or?
SPEAKER_R: No, but like neither, like I wanted to get tested myself um Just out of morbid curiosity. Um but just to be on the safe side, but they
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: got better though, Right. I'm assuming you're
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he got better, but I mean to be fair he also smoked cigarettes, but it's one of those things um I guess just from like stress for his two jobs. But that
SPEAKER_L: That's like too damn stuff. Yeah. Because when I when I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: was working, I never thought about getting a second job because I just didn't just I'm 54 so I didn't want to do is just too much time. Way too too much their energy and all that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know a lot of people like, did you ever think about trying to get a real estate license or anything?
SPEAKER_L: No, not at this point. I mean I guess you know there could be a good money but no, I never thought about it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's like, so I you ever going you ever like watch those um kind of like financial, personal finance gurus or whatever on like Youtube.
SPEAKER_L: Um I probably stumbled across a few things because like uh me and my wife bought a house recently like last year.
SPEAKER_R: Well Rachel.
SPEAKER_L: I was kind of like do a little bit like trying to research about how to pay it off faster and there's a bunch of people about doing something like with a line of credit and doing something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what what is your, did you get on 30 year or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 30 year. Yeah. There
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: isn't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: you did the down payment of like 5%,,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was like 3%. It was
SPEAKER_R: 3%.
SPEAKER_L: uh it was also it was brutal because we got the house and was like here's your payment was like buying a car. Like when you when you got to buy a car you're hoping to get a payment like around 300 bucks and no matter what we do it's gonna be like 450 bucks and that's it And they want that money. So same thing with the house and it was like about $1,500 they want in a month. So I paid it and it was brutal. But then we got to reduce it, I got it down to about 1200.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have like kids or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I got two kids
SPEAKER_R: Okay guys. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Um to
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: me like, yeah, there's a concept in buying a house called being a highly leveraged and that's where you don't want to buy a house, that's three X what your annual take is right after texas. Um But if you have kids, you really kind of have no choice, right? Because you need some stability for them, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But um yeah, that's the general rule of thumb. Yes. Um because like I've always had a very like frugal financially conservative mindset because when I was a kid, like my parents didn't really give me like any kind of like I worked for free basically because we didn't really have any choice, like my parents couldn't afford like employees. Um so I've been working from the age of 43 18, and then after graduating college, like I'm still working, but not in that kind of work. Um And uh so in my mind everything I ever make only really get half of that because so no matter what your tax rate is right, you can chalk half of it up to like a quarter of it up to taxes at a minimum, Even if it might be more than that, then the remainder of that you should put away like for savings or 41K. Or whatever kind of investment. And then the half of that, like you also have to think about if you're renting right, like that's going to go into rent, the half that you get to keep, and then for everything else, you have still to pay your bills, utilities and hopefully you don't have too many subscriptions, right? Because those will just eat you up. A lot of people don't see that. Like um I'm a friend of mine, he has like uh six subscription services like to just like netflix hulu all this stuff and I'm like come on man, do you really need all that? Because
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: he's not
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: even watching,
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: mind
SPEAKER_R: not even using a lot of them
SPEAKER_L: I always
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: that's like that's like
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: $13
SPEAKER_L: one. Right. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like yeah it's outrageous. Yeah. Plus and plus everyone has this right everyone has this thing to go to pay that bill and then you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well see actually um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I always I hate subscriptions. Um So I bumped off other people. But the thing about like um like my phone is I actually bought my phone out right? And the way I did it is I bought like a two year old phone and off craigslist and was like I think it was actually like not even used once. So somebody like I got a phone brand new but it's two years old and I don't have any problem with that. And the thing is my phone plan though. So there's a company called Mint Sim. And uh so I get three gigabyte, three gigabytes of data per month, unlimited texting minutes. And up front I paid $200 for a whole year. That's it. So I don't have to subsidize any kind of phone because I bought my phone out, right? And my phone is uh Google Pixel three which I bought for 350 books. So $350 for the phone, $200 for one year. Phone plan three gigabytes per month, unlimited minutes attacks, Overall total $550. All right in my room mate. He on his pizza deliveries right? He has sprint. And he has uh he's paying for unlimited data, unlimited medicine text and his phone's subsidized. And his cost is $100 a month for a year. So he's paying $1,200. And he works two jobs. And this is just for unlimited data, medicine text so that you can stream from netflix while he's driving.
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: And meanwhile me like. So I have one job. I'm not not afraid to admit that. I probably make to this. Well many ex what do you make? Some both his jobs combined. Um But meanwhile I'm being frugal. I can I could afford his plan. I could afford buying a new phone. That's so he says the some kind of iphone I have an android phone because I don't really care. But you know that it's it's like people need to be more fiscally responsible. It's just like and I know people weren't raised like that. Um like like me, I wouldn't have known about a lot of this if I didn't, if if I wasn't like raised well. So you see, my parents always lured things over me and my siblings like um remember what I need to get school supplies and be like, why can't you just use your school supplies from last year? Like mhm And no matter how much I beg for it, they just wouldn't buy it. So there would be like one testicle supplies for every couple of years. And then when I was in college, like, I mean this is before, like people use computers as much, right? So people throw out their notebooks, their notebooks, we're only like a 10th or an eighth used, so tear out all those pages. Use the remaining notebooks because kids are so wasteful. I mean like this is perfectly fine notebook and then like um So my computer I recently replaced but I've had it for over 10 years and it was a piece of junk like in the latter part of the years but it was like barely barely coming on but think about a computer is it's like um it's probably the most useful tools you can have. Like there are things you can't do like through your phone that you can do on a computer. Like it's almost assumed that everybody like online, everybody United States is online for the most part or at least they try to be right especially. But the exception is this really rural places where you can't get a can't get like um any kind of cabling out there. Um And see that's like a big reason why I think um like you can't that's a big thing. Reason why I think like something like so the FCC right? It's like a agency in the government and when trump came to power like he passed um or he nominated somebody from the FCC. So FCC is five people. And right now there are three Republicans, 2 Democrats. So it always has to be an odd number whichever administrations in place, they ultimately choose ahead to FCC. Which is that that party and had FCC right now, he's not good because he got rid of net neutrality and not only because he had written out neutrality but because he passed a lot of uh or he he prevents any kind of oversight against telecommunications companies. So like at and T Verizon Comcast all those companies that provide those services, they are categorized as uh not telecommunications, they're on their own thing. So he did that. So they don't have any jurisdiction over it because he used to be a former lobbyist for Verizon. And it was result, a lot of people in the rural midwest, they suffer because the thing about like Verizon or Comcast in order for them to um decided to go out there and lay down cable or fiber. So people get internet, is there enough people in the area that have money they're willing to pay for it? And the thing is like people need the internet nowadays, like whether you're poor or not, you need the internet because like I can tell you outright like if I was broke tomorrow, if I had as long as I had access to the library, I have enough knowledge to get by if I can get internet access. Like, but obviously I've gained this knowledge through quite a while. Um I could probably teach some homeless people how to get by. Um But but that's what I'm saying like the internet is is so important for that um in that respect like it's it's almost like a basic utility like and the fact that you know a lot of these companies that set up the infrastructure for the internet aren't willing to set it up, like it's just brutal. But
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: here,
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: especially the kids who don't have access to the internet and they need to work on their homework and stuff like that, they have to drive out pretty far too, like go to like Mcdonald's or something and yet and use their internet. So how are your kids?
SPEAKER_L: Older he was 29 and 1 26. We
SPEAKER_R: then you're
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: kind of
SPEAKER_L: we had kids earlier remember like going to the first time back to school night and me and my wife for like the youngest parents there all the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're a little bit more in the clear. Yes. No
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. I've have some uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: former friends
SPEAKER_L: it's good.
SPEAKER_R: that started early and it's kind of like, like me personally, like, I don't know if I could have kids today. Um Just with that with social media and everything. Like I took a psychology course in high school and I was like, because like, I knew how I didn't want to raise kids based on the way that my parents raised me putting me the labor at a young age. And it's kind of like, I know at that time I thought that I knew what it would be like, like what I needed to do to be a good parent, right? But then social media out now like in and the cell phone conversation. I just don't know if I could do it. I don't know if I could I could be a parent because, you know, like uh I don't know if I because if you take a phone away from like a young kid, like basically they will there's consequences of that because you'll see there, you know, the classmates having phones and now they don't have a phone and then
SPEAKER_L: Well like for me growing up it's kind of like I had the progression where like where you have regular tv and then there's a point where cable T. V. Came out of the whoa cable tv. This is amazing. And then and then
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: you get to the internet and so on. And then when you're saying like take the phone away, that reminds me of like maybe as a kid my age In the state like 19 In
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: 1978 I'd be like 13.
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: And that punishment of course not. There will
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: be no phone but like the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: can go outside though back then.
SPEAKER_L: you'd be like you'd be you'd be grounded for a week. That would be the punishment I'm grounded for a week. And now you're saying nowadays like create about grounding somewhere you take this away from the kids. It's like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's over oh no you can't take my youtube away and
SPEAKER_R: I mean that and like cyber bullying and all that stuff, it's kind of like so a lot of people when they go online and they get offended, it's like about something like just turn it off twitter town. I mean it's like come on, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well to me I don't understand that. Like if someone yells at me online in writing something it has like it's got no effect because you have to know someone. If someone if you know them and they yell at you and then it has more meaning you feel about it. But something right? Something all caps and like what's this going on? You know? Why are you so mad over there? What
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: had.
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy that people get so mad online because it's um these are anonymous people a lot of times people are anonymous to, it's kind of like, like the way I behave online, I behave online, Like if I was in person because that's like uh
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: When the so I'm like 30 I'm 30 years old. And uh I don't know if it's just it's just like I I didn't get a cell phone until I graduated college actually, I didn't get text messaging after then to actually I was going on a date with a girl and she refused to continue going out with me because I didn't have text messaging, I would call her. I'm just like jesus christ. I mean like your you won't take a phone call from me and but you want to text with me and I don't have text messaging, so that's a pretty dealbreaker. I mean like get out of here, you know, it's like people don't know how to communicate properly and it's just, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know like sometimes like like they'll be like families at dinner and then within that table, you know half the people are like have their phone and they're going like this and you know looking at their phone.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you're telling me something like that. Can't wait. It's just it's insane. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But anyways I think we're past the 25 minute mark
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: nick.
SPEAKER_L: we get it? We made our $15 bucks you know? Alright good talking to you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I'll try to figure out how to I guess we just close the tab. Is that what it says?
SPEAKER_L: I think we go back to the other tab and then we have to do like probably like a 10 minute survey.
SPEAKER_R: Oh the you click the blue button to continue right. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I think don't don't close go enclosure page on this just in case. And then that were done. We made our 25 minutes we just go and just answer the survey. I'll say good things about you because you're cool. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The problem And it's
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: to me, it's like whenever you get like something, you can make $10 yourself, $15. It's always like, Oh, that's so cool. So cool. Because like when I make my $20 an enter key, it's like, it's painless. Like it doesn't take me all day.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: do the you get the good hits now. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah, for for mturk, I'm only looking
SPEAKER_R: Different.
SPEAKER_L: for kind of like surveys and stuff every once in a while. Like they'll be like this english audio thing. We just listen to some audio things for like a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: couple
SPEAKER_R: Those
SPEAKER_L: moments.
SPEAKER_R: like there's some there's this, have you heard of Nevo?
SPEAKER_L: No, I haven't
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: used it now.
SPEAKER_R: it's this thing where it's like it's it's kind of mind numbing because like um So there's like hunt, there's like hundreds of conversations and you don't get like 10 cents per conversation or something. You have to listen to them. They're all like a minute. And basically you just like your, you say the audio quality is good or bad or you transcribe them if it's like, it's basically a lot of mainly just audio related kind of things. Kind of like it's but back when I used to be deep in mturk, like I would have the this browser extension and this, it would be like this um extension that you can apply a script to this like script that you can get from people online. And what it would do is when you're on the talk page, you would be able to get the best hits. Um It would filter mouth and everything like that and then
SPEAKER_L: I have.
SPEAKER_R: it would you
SPEAKER_L: I'm called tamper monkey, but I don't know. How do you?
SPEAKER_R: Tamper monkey. Yeah, I used to do that and then people would give you tamper monkey scripts and you would have that and stuff like that. But actually, if you are interested in figuring how those scripts kind of work there's um there's a website called Code Academy and right now if you're um you can get three months free if you've been furloughed just have to apply for but we'll teach you how to do like little bits of programming here and there if you want to learn how to do that. But yeah there's plenty of online learning actually so you see
SPEAKER_L: So I guess we're good. I'm gonna go do this survey and good talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah good talk to you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Have a good one for you.