good. Are you
uh what's your name? My name is Wing that's W. I. N. G. Nice to meet you.
So uh where are you currently?
That's
Oh cool. Cool.
I've actually never been the meeting to go though because I want to go to Disney World. But
Yeah I am out of uh northern
Virginia which is a few miles from
uh Washington D. C.
Have you ever been past
the traffic
here?
Yeah I've been to a New Jersey um I worked at a Jersey City um a few times. Um there's a 545 Washington something. It's basically this um building where it's right across from this like building called the Chase Building or something like that were Jpmorgan Chase's. So I worked um so I work in consulting and uh my client was Hsbc. How about you? What do you do?
Well
that's talks
Yeah. So your training the culinary arts? Oh nice. Did you go to like uh like CIA or anything like that
or?
wow that's
good.
that's what I've heard. Um It's a weird situation that unemployment um thing and then especially for people
that are small business owners actually my brother, my brother actually worked for me uh in burger King, he was um I don't think you're the manager though, but he worked for burger King. Um and that was during college now he's uh doing accounting for like a logging company and uh Tacoma Washington.
Yeah. Yeah so as far as like you're how you're managing um like it on unemployment, are you like doing anything like? Uh
Yeah.
I've heard her to claim that it's uh it's been a nightmare for a lot of people.
No.
But.
I mean that's
I
think it depends on where you are though, because there are some people that um you know, there, right, the stimulus check aren't helping them as much as it would be depending on where you live, right? Because like some people a little bit more. But
I
mean in that case it's kind of like, yeah,
you don't want to tell people how to live their life. You know, you want to just like give them flat out money. I mean, that's one reason why I was what like nothing too deep into politics or anything, but I was big on like you b I and universal basic income. Yeah like I myself don't personally need, but I think I know a lot of people that it would help quite a bit.
Yeah so yeah I I have a roommate or whatever that was thinking about taking it. And um he so he works for a print shop that was where they like print, you know like specialty kind of well they print stuff out to have clients where they print out like banners and uh like monthly newsletters and things like that. And um during the pandemic which I guess technically still going on um like
he got some of his hours shortened and so he's also working part time at an animal hospital and now he's he quit the animal hospital because he was a part timer and they just didn't
have the need because a lot of people are keeping their pets home. Oh and so now he's um doing delivery driving for papa john's. Yeah. But uh
yeah, my and and then the small business loan thing that was kind of a nightmare to for a lot of people, especially restaurants, because I grew up working in the restaurant industry, actually, my parents on a restaurant and I worked in it From the age of 4 - 18. And um my parents, I think they're, they're probably ok for the most part since they've been working for this long, but like my have siblings and we had been pushing them to retire because uh we're all doing okay right now. Um and um but my parents like it's it's it's kind of difficult because we we kind of live in or where my parents live in, I don't live in my parents, but my parents live in like this a small town in southwest Virginia um in this town. Um Okay, like I'm like, I don't like to make judgment some people from a political standpoint, but there's a lot of people
there that um you know, because of a lot of things on the internet and my me being ethnically chinese um that uh my parents are kind of older. Um it's kind of
a potentially volatile situation um
even though they were probably customers before and stuff like that. It's with this, you know, people speculation that it's a chinese engineered virus to destabilize things or whatever. It's uh kind of
because.
Yeah. I mean, so like they're like I've listened a lot of different people on both sides. That's typically how I kind of like think about things, just make sure have all the information. But um you know, it really like people will try to point blame and everything, but at this point it's kind of pointless dwell on that because
it's already happened right? You can't turn back the clock. The only thing you can do is try to look forward and if you try to look forward, the only thing you can do is really put on a mask for everybody's sake. You know, I'd like I grew up in a small town in southwest Virginia, like working for our parents and our town is like 5-6,000 people. And um it's just a lot of people that I know um you know there kind of closed minded I guess you could say um they didn't end up going to college, like like I did and uh I find myself kind of caught right because um there's certain things that you don't know unless you know and um they don't know it and I do and because they don't know it, they kind of jump to quick conclusions and then what is happening is like uh
I have a hard time trying to defend them and just but I knew them because I went to school with him and we were, you know, like friends a long time ago, you know, things change and people change and uh it's kind of really unfortunate, kind of sad to, but not much I can really do about it. You know, everybody kinda can go different different
paths in life. So um
But yeah, so the political situation and the coronavirus anything, I think
it's not it's not good um for the entire country, especially like i it's weird to me when I know people from my hometown that would say all these things like that are just coming from people that might he just trying to introduce like, like they're they're called Agent Provocateurs. So what they are is like in protests and online, any crowds and stuff like that. They are quite often um foreign agents to go online and take advantage of people who don't know that much information. Um to kind of destabilize like uh political situation. And a lot of them will create these very right wing facebook groups, right? And they'll come up with these snippets of information that are not true at all, But then they'll substantiate that with some true information and then they'll get people that can't tell the difference to join those groups. And when people join those groups, they can't tell the difference. So they share this information, you know, on social media. And then because of that, it causes a lot of mistrust and confusion and things like that have but, you know, I don't entirely blame them for like joining those groups or anything like that because they don't know any better, right? Like when you're, when you feel when, when you're like a lower income person in like a small town or something like that. Um, and at the end of day, like the government, for the most part, they've never been like for the people, right, for the longest time. Like many, many administrations, they're in the pocket of big business, no matter what party it is, but they're good at getting people to enter into this trouble mindset where it's us against them, but
really for everybody in the United States, it's really everybody against big businesses. That's really the way it should be. But people don't see that because it's too easy to fall into this tribal mindset because whether you're like democrat or republican, like there are strings being pulled that are primarily from big banks that you can't really see. Um But if you do a lot of like reading about
the history
of the banking system and how it started off and in the UK and everything and certain things like the, it's called the bread and Woods Agreement. And this is where a bunch of big banks came together to decide that, you know, um something called the LIBOR score and live your score is basically this number value, they apply to like interest rates. Um
It sounds, it sounds very much like conspiracy theory I know like, but if you but it's just something that like I've I've always been interested in kind of like reading different things, like from his historical perspective um Yeah, I'm just sorry, it was kind of like a ramble.
So
Yeah. Well it's sort of one of those things where it's like
you hear a lot of, I mean you hear a lot of people that aren't sick right? And that that can easily skew your judgment, right? But then you see stories and people are sicker than they've ever been and it doesn't look like a regular flu. So you know, it's like what would somebody have to gain necessarily by lying to that extent? Right? There's no, there's really not that much to gain like um So one thing that, I mean there are few things like that, the mass things should never have been a political thing primarily because like what a lot of americans will know is like in asia, right? In china and Korea and in Japan places like that, I've been to uh Hong kong um like in the last two years or whatever. And generally speaking like there's this sense of um I don't know with courtesy, I guess. You could say like if you're sick in any of those countries and you need to go out, you put on a mask. Um common courtesy. It's not like, like I have a very
right wing old trend that saying its compliance, they're trying to force compliance. But the thing is, it's kind of like this thing is gonna blow over right? However long it might take. And when it does is a really compliance. Like is something, there's nothing in the law permanently that says you have to wear a mask. They're just even, it's even if it's a mandate, like if you're not wearing a mask, you know, somebody can't necessarily rescue. But if you're not wearing a mask and you're going into a business right? A business has the right to refuse service to you, right? And that's because it's bad business if like you have customers that get sick, right? And you can't blame somebody for wanting everybody else to wear masks around them. Um If you're like just you know courteous, but it's just like, so I initially right, I didn't have a mask. Like I thought it was complete a garbage. I thought it was like not not real. And like to be fair, I could be asymptomatic, right? I like I have type of Oakland and uh what they from what I've read from some like scientific journals and everything. Type o blood, I'm supposed to have a higher level of resistance to certain aspects of the virus. I don't know if that's why, but my roommate, he ended up getting sick as a dog. And the thing about that is like uh he couldn't really go to doctor because like uh
No, but like neither, like I wanted to get tested myself um Just out of morbid curiosity. Um but just to be on the safe side, but they
don't,
yeah, he got better, but I mean to be fair he also smoked cigarettes, but it's one of those things um I guess just from like stress for his two jobs. But that
Well
Yeah.
You know a lot of people like, did you ever think about trying to get a real estate license or anything?
You know, it's like, so I you ever going you ever like watch those um kind of like financial, personal finance gurus or whatever on like Youtube.
Well Rachel.
So what what is your, did you get on 30 year or?
And
you
you did the down payment of like 5%,,
3%.
Do you have like kids or
Okay guys. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Um to
me like, yeah, there's a concept in buying a house called being a highly leveraged and that's where you don't want to buy a house, that's three X what your annual take is right after texas. Um But if you have kids, you really kind of have no choice, right? Because you need some stability for them, right?
But um yeah, that's the general rule of thumb. Yes. Um because like I've always had a very like frugal financially conservative mindset because when I was a kid, like my parents didn't really give me like any kind of like I worked for free basically because we didn't really have any choice, like my parents couldn't afford like employees. Um so I've been working from the age of 43 18, and then after graduating college, like I'm still working, but not in that kind of work. Um And uh so in my mind everything I ever make only really get half of that because so no matter what your tax rate is right, you can chalk half of it up to like a quarter of it up to taxes at a minimum, Even if it might be more than that, then the remainder of that you should put away like for savings or 41K. Or whatever kind of investment. And then the half of that, like you also have to think about if you're renting right, like that's going to go into rent, the half that you get to keep, and then for everything else, you have still to pay your bills, utilities and hopefully you don't have too many subscriptions, right? Because those will just eat you up. A lot of people don't see that. Like um I'm a friend of mine, he has like uh six subscription services like to just like netflix hulu all this stuff and I'm like come on man, do you really need all that? Because
he's not
even watching,
he's
not even using a lot of them
And
that's like that's like
$13
Yeah.
Yeah. Well see actually um
I always I hate subscriptions. Um So I bumped off other people. But the thing about like um like my phone is I actually bought my phone out right? And the way I did it is I bought like a two year old phone and off craigslist and was like I think it was actually like not even used once. So somebody like I got a phone brand new but it's two years old and I don't have any problem with that. And the thing is my phone plan though. So there's a company called Mint Sim. And uh so I get three gigabyte, three gigabytes of data per month, unlimited texting minutes. And up front I paid $200 for a whole year. That's it. So I don't have to subsidize any kind of phone because I bought my phone out, right? And my phone is uh Google Pixel three which I bought for 350 books. So $350 for the phone, $200 for one year. Phone plan three gigabytes per month, unlimited minutes attacks, Overall total $550. All right in my room mate. He on his pizza deliveries right? He has sprint. And he has uh he's paying for unlimited data, unlimited medicine text and his phone's subsidized. And his cost is $100 a month for a year. So he's paying $1,200. And he works two jobs. And this is just for unlimited data, medicine text so that you can stream from netflix while he's driving.
And meanwhile me like. So I have one job. I'm not not afraid to admit that. I probably make to this. Well many ex what do you make? Some both his jobs combined. Um But meanwhile I'm being frugal. I can I could afford his plan. I could afford buying a new phone. That's so he says the some kind of iphone I have an android phone because I don't really care. But you know that it's it's like people need to be more fiscally responsible. It's just like and I know people weren't raised like that. Um like like me, I wouldn't have known about a lot of this if I didn't, if if I wasn't like raised well. So you see, my parents always lured things over me and my siblings like um remember what I need to get school supplies and be like, why can't you just use your school supplies from last year? Like mhm And no matter how much I beg for it, they just wouldn't buy it. So there would be like one testicle supplies for every couple of years. And then when I was in college, like, I mean this is before, like people use computers as much, right? So people throw out their notebooks, their notebooks, we're only like a 10th or an eighth used, so tear out all those pages. Use the remaining notebooks because kids are so wasteful. I mean like this is perfectly fine notebook and then like um So my computer I recently replaced but I've had it for over 10 years and it was a piece of junk like in the latter part of the years but it was like barely barely coming on but think about a computer is it's like um it's probably the most useful tools you can have. Like there are things you can't do like through your phone that you can do on a computer. Like it's almost assumed that everybody like online, everybody United States is online for the most part or at least they try to be right especially. But the exception is this really rural places where you can't get a can't get like um any kind of cabling out there. Um And see that's like a big reason why I think um like you can't that's a big thing. Reason why I think like something like so the FCC right? It's like a agency in the government and when trump came to power like he passed um or he nominated somebody from the FCC. So FCC is five people. And right now there are three Republicans, 2 Democrats. So it always has to be an odd number whichever administrations in place, they ultimately choose ahead to FCC. Which is that that party and had FCC right now, he's not good because he got rid of net neutrality and not only because he had written out neutrality but because he passed a lot of uh or he he prevents any kind of oversight against telecommunications companies. So like at and T Verizon Comcast all those companies that provide those services, they are categorized as uh not telecommunications, they're on their own thing. So he did that. So they don't have any jurisdiction over it because he used to be a former lobbyist for Verizon. And it was result, a lot of people in the rural midwest, they suffer because the thing about like Verizon or Comcast in order for them to um decided to go out there and lay down cable or fiber. So people get internet, is there enough people in the area that have money they're willing to pay for it? And the thing is like people need the internet nowadays, like whether you're poor or not, you need the internet because like I can tell you outright like if I was broke tomorrow, if I had as long as I had access to the library, I have enough knowledge to get by if I can get internet access. Like, but obviously I've gained this knowledge through quite a while. Um I could probably teach some homeless people how to get by. Um But but that's what I'm saying like the internet is is so important for that um in that respect like it's it's almost like a basic utility like and the fact that you know a lot of these companies that set up the infrastructure for the internet aren't willing to set it up, like it's just brutal. But
here,
especially the kids who don't have access to the internet and they need to work on their homework and stuff like that, they have to drive out pretty far too, like go to like Mcdonald's or something and yet and use their internet. So how are your kids?
then you're
kind of
Yeah, you're a little bit more in the clear. Yes. No
that's good. I've have some uh
former friends
that started early and it's kind of like, like me personally, like, I don't know if I could have kids today. Um Just with that with social media and everything. Like I took a psychology course in high school and I was like, because like, I knew how I didn't want to raise kids based on the way that my parents raised me putting me the labor at a young age. And it's kind of like, I know at that time I thought that I knew what it would be like, like what I needed to do to be a good parent, right? But then social media out now like in and the cell phone conversation. I just don't know if I could do it. I don't know if I could I could be a parent because, you know, like uh I don't know if I because if you take a phone away from like a young kid, like basically they will there's consequences of that because you'll see there, you know, the classmates having phones and now they don't have a phone and then
Two.
If
Is
If
you
can go outside though back then.
No.
I mean that and like cyber bullying and all that stuff, it's kind of like so a lot of people when they go online and they get offended, it's like about something like just turn it off twitter town. I mean it's like come on, you know?
So
it's
it's crazy that people get so mad online because it's um these are anonymous people a lot of times people are anonymous to, it's kind of like, like the way I behave online, I behave online, Like if I was in person because that's like uh
When the so I'm like 30 I'm 30 years old. And uh I don't know if it's just it's just like I I didn't get a cell phone until I graduated college actually, I didn't get text messaging after then to actually I was going on a date with a girl and she refused to continue going out with me because I didn't have text messaging, I would call her. I'm just like jesus christ. I mean like your you won't take a phone call from me and but you want to text with me and I don't have text messaging, so that's a pretty dealbreaker. I mean like get out of here, you know, it's like people don't know how to communicate properly and it's just, you know. Yeah.
I mean you're telling me something like that. Can't wait. It's just it's insane. Yeah.
But anyways I think we're past the 25 minute mark
nick.
Yeah. Good talk to you.
I'll try to figure out how to I guess we just close the tab. Is that what it says?
Oh the you click the blue button to continue right. Thank you.
I appreciate it. Yeah.
let's
you
do the you get the good hits now. Um
Different.
Yeah.
Those
like there's some there's this, have you heard of Nevo?
So
it's this thing where it's like it's it's kind of mind numbing because like um So there's like hunt, there's like hundreds of conversations and you don't get like 10 cents per conversation or something. You have to listen to them. They're all like a minute. And basically you just like your, you say the audio quality is good or bad or you transcribe them if it's like, it's basically a lot of mainly just audio related kind of things. Kind of like it's but back when I used to be deep in mturk, like I would have the this browser extension and this, it would be like this um extension that you can apply a script to this like script that you can get from people online. And what it would do is when you're on the talk page, you would be able to get the best hits. Um It would filter mouth and everything like that and then
it would you
Tamper monkey. Yeah, I used to do that and then people would give you tamper monkey scripts and you would have that and stuff like that. But actually, if you are interested in figuring how those scripts kind of work there's um there's a website called Code Academy and right now if you're um you can get three months free if you've been furloughed just have to apply for but we'll teach you how to do like little bits of programming here and there if you want to learn how to do that. But yeah there's plenty of online learning actually so you see
yeah good talk to you
Have a good one for you.