who? Wait a minute. Right. Another Mhm. Yeah, Carolina. Yeah. So I guess I'm waiting for the other person. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Well. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Everyone or I'm here really saw this, wait until It's supposed to be at 4:00. So this way, mm hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very happy. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, right, okay. Yeah, I'm Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Usually, yeah. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hello? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. The yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Which is pretty interesting. Okay, figure. Mhm. Okay. Shit. Yeah. Hello? Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Let's go. Yeah. Right. What? Yes. All right. So now we have a pre workout in 1139. Here's the deal. I've been ready to go to the gym for an hour, but I'll get in big trouble if I go before noon because the wife is a late sleeper. She's a night owl. She always has been, She reads, she's read like, I don't know. It feels like 100 books already since the year start. Loves to read and loves to sleep. Issue is my gym since COVID has moved right next to the bedroom and I have a smith machine and you'll see it just a second. It's pretty awesome. But it's noisy. And uh, she wouldn't take too kindly to being waking up before noon. So, uh, we'll do a little stretching first and then we'll head up there and I'll show you what the new setup looks like. Somebody else has officially awakened. So, Eddie, my boy, our son. He came to visit for a week or two before Covid and he's still here. He's showing off. What are you showing off? What, what? He's showing off their, how'd you get that from his parents? He just started golfing and we've been big balls up there, which will show you a little bit later today on the simulator and I finally took him to actually play golf and he fell in love as any better. Yeah, he doesn't hurt back, but we've been playing up on the simulator. He wants to play me even he played me a four day match for $1000.100 bucks a hole. And these two rounds and down 10 shots. I can't handle this. So good. Yeah. You putt for dough. What's that? What do they think you drive for? Show putt for dough? That's how we do it. All right. Obviously, since Covid gyms and all, that is not a thing. But the show must go on. So we upgraded our gym here at the house and I'll show you. I got the F. T. Two trainer suggestion. Yeah, it does. Everything will show you how you got free weights adjustables bar. Currently could be any of us. This variation inside here, we've got j got a good solid vantage of the spider girl right there. God makes compliance. You don't work on. You got the trend now rubber. It's more freeways here and well here you got robert. This is the piece W stops. It is the trainer. Okay. This guy right here doesn't all got eight Cable Pulleys. You've got police down there, police over top part there. You've also got a smith par, but you can use bend your breasts for all full house. It's one of the other unique things that are doing with fritz that was different than what I've been doing in the past. Typically do like the new splits. You know, I'll look back and buy since they, one of the ways in which we didn't do a lot of cardio during this whole program shocking. Think like a cardio hardly any. What we did do is full body workouts. Okay, so for example, today we got on the agenda is what we're doing. We're doing taste like a higher weight, lower Right? So you're like four sets of eight barbell squats using this machine. And we do a done deal remaining Douglas so remaining. Uh huh. I can't speak something else. All right. And then we're gonna do semi super native dumbbell press, it's just like a bench press just a burden that dumbbells. Then we're gonna do a lap by machine. She wanted to pull downs and run into a dumbbell incline club. Then we're going to do uh three super sets of spider girls bicep curls and then a dumbbell overhead tricep extension followed by machine standing calves. Which I can do here with the smith machine. Again, calves right? There might be some planks, some drugs because one of the things it's like lean her neck, it's real skinny so pop that out and then after that is a little Albertine where we've got the rope right here we'll do some side bends and things like that. So uh do some like golf style, you read over. So anyways this is what we're doing for about the next seven minutes. Got the T. V. Typically this podcast. Hockey Central whatever. Speaking of podcasts, don't forget to check out that poker podcast which is our podcast will be recording one Tuesday night um sort of the world series of poker discussing, but the plane is for World Series of poker flocks. This is gonna be different right, playing on my I don't know. Alright, work out in the books now. It's time for the stalls creation I came up with, it gives you a meal plan and he sort of started fiddling with things here and there. I found that a tablespoon of baking powder can do wonders for your post workouts. Instead of drinking a shake, I drink plenty of water. I turn the protein powder, add a little water, 11 teaspoon of baking powder, poppy is coming. Hey boys, they are the people yet I got boys one tablespoon of baking powder, all the things, hold it a little bit of water and put some apples on it, cinnamon, little bit of almond butter that I say from this morning, put that on top yummy, yummy. Sounds good. We'll show you how we make a protein protein Power fruit. I'm gonna take some legal. This is my favorite. Gonna put half of that excluded the bacon. So sata. And then, uh, we're gonna get this little bowl, add a little bit of water, mix it up, mash it up and then I'm gonna peel the apples, boil them little apple sauce out of it to go on like this one a little bit of once. Once he was a little almond butter and a little cinnamon on top of the uh, All right. So once you put the water and you see it's kind of like a, uh, like a dope or whatever. You know what I'm gonna do? Trying to shape the dough and squeeze it all together and to make, to make too little dangerous. I mean, while we're cooking this year, why I seem so staged. What? Hey, hey, look at this. No, look at that. What's up? So usually good. No, you never know. You turn the heat on. I didn't touch the drag me on composting. No, I didn't have a sleep number bed in my state, scores are usually 90-93, 14. Yeah, I don't sleep. Cold air goes to the gym and it's cold. I can't breathe. I swear in my life, I swear in everybody's life on a stack of bibles around and whatever. I did not touch it. I did not. You just want on its own today. We'll see you later for a movie. Yeah. All right. So what you do is basically when you mold them into a little ball, like two balls here, it's as simple as like squishing them down. That kind of looks like a cookie. And then because I'm gonna put stuff on it, I'm gonna put all the apple sauce. It's like a cooking show, right? I'm a poker player, not like chef already. You can stuff. So I'm gonna make like a crust that we'll go in the oven and it'll harden Both of them like that. Something like this finesse and whatever. And it comes out nice and crispy. You take a little parchment paper and thinking like this. I like to repeat it. 425 it up to you, depending how crispy want it, throw this in here for 20 minutes. Uh are still here. All right. So there we go and put that in for 20 minutes. And while that's happening, we chop up some apples. Is my audience right spot you excited for cobb Oh yeah. Just to lay on the beach. Yeah. You got a plan. Just hurry up. Oh yeah, I'm gonna put you in, you know your money? It's not money. Oh my God, I've forgotten. I want to. Yeah, it's probably a 25 day. You can read by the three times you. Let me read it three times. Thank you. I'm not playing this, but I'll play the little ones. I've played a little interview last year. Remember we got to block the next, the next thing. People really good at the same table and actually I was in a different room households. Right, right, so here we go. We got the apples boil it up here, appeals will put them in there, Keep that another 5, 10 minutes to mash them up with this guy right here with the salmon on top and young still we're almost ready. So we got one tablespoon teaspoon of almond butter spread up on those two melting on top. We got apples, cinnamon or put that on top of those. And young young sure you could drink a protein shake but I'd rather eat mine. Hello? Um Your whole extra on the side. Mhm. No. Yeah, I love doing this. It's too much. I feel like I'm a baker now. Like I've learned some stuff during this quarantine baking, like baking one on one. So he's baking powder does. So one of the things that uh this quarantine has done for me and what it's really like in full usage of the house. We don't we haven't left, we didn't leave, I left for the first time just a few days ago, go outside of that. Uh We literally never left the house and definitely use some more of it. So typically on a day like this after a workout, jump in the pool for a bit, relax. A lot of people wonder about spray tan. Now I live in Vegas, you double sun up there and then it's involved on the putting green. Later we'll have some balls, like some actual swings, working on something real good christian, my golf guy boom smacking and hitting it pretty good. So that'll be the and then of course we'll do 10,000 steps a day. That's one of the parts of the program I'm doing is just walk nothing crazy. We'll go on the treadmill. I'll probably bring my laptop up there and I'll play online poker. I've been playing a lot of online poker, a private couple private games with some buddies and stuff like that. A lot of mixed games playing 11 game mix, Another one like 4 or five game mix. So that's been uh fun and a good way to keep me sharp since the World Series is coming around, I'm gonna probably start playing some uh no limit hold'em tournaments on there just so I can get comfortable with the software and the whole deal and get back into the swing of things with element. But for now time for a little bacon in the beautiful 105 degree weather. He's all excited and cute. Get a little dance, do the dance thing again. Yeah, your dad can keep watch, This is the assistant last, how long we'll get together. Got like 40 Jesus. You made it 14 years. Okay. I have online conversation for a survey in a couple minutes. Shit everywhere fucking Hey? What? Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm, understand. Right. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Thank you. No. one of your life talk. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Oh no. Yeah. No. Right. No. All right. So, oh backyard. Right. Right here. Yeah. No barking again of the future. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yes. Over his apology to follow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Cause Uh huh. All right. All right. Yeah. Oh. Oh possible. I think that is yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Do not want. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't like that one right down the hall. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Wow. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Not bad. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mother. Uh huh. No. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yes that's me. Yes. It's a fresh start. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. 3 52 34. Mhm. Mhm. Lots of people. Yeah. You guys football Good deal. All right. Okay. So just gonna hit you know what I'm working on. So, you know, I'm working on getting my hands higher work are hot for black. Your last That's good. Well, Oh yeah. What? Here we go and high product. Oh, a little bit. Okay. I've had the first three today. Well then we're gonna come on over here. Open that, sweetheart. Okay. Maybe it wasn't thought now we get rewind it. Take a look. Okay. So the hands are in a good spot. Not that bad actually. But it's too long. See you don't need to go there. We can stop. You need to be that. Yeah, I've been trying to tell us. That's all right. How bad her first one? We shall take it. So, working on like a two place this incident lines. So I want to take it back on that line. Maybe down on this house of that. So up there, but we'll get it on the next on. Yeah. Okay. Next up. Uh Huh. Yeah, about 3500. All right. Now. Also of weight lost a lot of fun. It's quarantine. Obviously the United States, those who are doing otherwise right now. We spend so much action. Yes. Uh World, I'm just saying. Mhm. Shit. Yeah, harder. Okay. Bye. Oh, crap. Okay, good. Check out. We collectively got back. Killer. All right. Mhm. Are they have another treat treatment? You are the treatment after all. All right enough. That 20 day pretty quickly there big pio pot against something danish player may or may not have won a bunch of I don't know, just saying random fire P. L. 05 heads up too quick. I had a Jack 85. These clubs ace 10 or 9 to close. I just these clubs, It's 40 cap, 40 bit cap. And I just figured a lot of drugs you missed all that is a subject that paid him off and uh Dana Scott happen to have created. So that's that uh lunchtime we are going to make a total scramble. You know like a pita and then he's happy to for a teaspoon of peanut butter as a little super deserving staff. That will be kind of lunch and then all will have after that. Tonight is gonna make pizza. I mean, so we make a pizza for you evil. Uh late afternoon much scrambling here will extra one teaspoon of peanut butter right there. How are you? Uh huh. Off. Let's go on. Let's help. Yeah, It's over one. What? Oh, oh okay. Oh Little exercise because it happens to be about 105. Here I try to I can't take this out of the law. That would be cruel on their little feet. So when the sun starts to die down a little after seven pm right now, take him for a little stroll, get some exercise in the park, haven't run it on a little bit. We'll come back and have a big appetite. He's coming okay. Last meal tonight. Have the Pakistan danish it smoothing and uh, actually pizza this right here is a, this is all. So why don't we chicken lover? We're going to have a bunch of state of sausage is gonna go in there. Got red pepper, mushroom onion. And then, because I love it. I don't like people honestly believe you put pineapple on pizza. She got actually face I got, Yeah, I put on the grill, uh, a little bit, a little bit for 65 absolute oregano basil. Stop. Alright. Pizza officially gun Yeah. And I know you're in the comments I get. Okay. So you don't have cheese for every one of you that's gonna post that. Just don't bother because I already know real pizza cheese, whatever I could with baked cheese or whatever. But I want to like this. No, that's not it at all. I mean a difficult day anymore. A wife sit out here by the school. We got here by the pool, watch. We're gonna watch tonight. What do we want to? Thank you. Thank you. That's what he called. But you know, and by the way, yes, when I'm at home, I always wear easy book. Catch my point was nicely with this on whenever. Mm Or did you just say obviously, I know she doesn't think. Big Corey. While I what? Yeah, it's true french tyco shirt. So we're gonna keep in touch throughout the World Series. Won't be doing daily box, I don't think, But I'll probably throw one or two a week just so the recap, how we're doing maybe bust out some interviews, the whole deal. It is all gonna be Nolan and holding kilo and then particular series short deck. So always keep that now unfortunate the button you as well. So I didn't like corn each style at house for fun. Yeah, Nobody here. So now I wait five minutes. Well, no, okay. You know this kind of stop signs? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. I find them early. 33 guys. Mhm, mm. Oh yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. How are you?
I'm good too.
Same here.
I'm
in uh florida.
Okay.
Yes, we're times right now. They're not open. Uh huh.
Well,
what?
Okay, that's cool.
just passing
through, I
guess. I grew up in New Jersey lived there for a long time and we moved to Florida like in 2000 2007 and just kind of passing through remember once we took a train ride to go to Disney world like in 1999 passing through all that stuff in Washington D. C.
So I'm well I was and probably will be again at some point a supervisor in culinary at Seaworld. Yeah but we all kind of kind of furloughed and some
of us
yeah some of us came back and what it's gonna take a long time it seems like it's very very slow and and they're even like they reopened but they kind of like right off the bat said they're going to close two days a week. Which it seems very strange. I mean, I mean not necessarily right now, but like you think about before the pandemic, you would think, well we never get too close and now they're really committing to closing two days every week, the first of the year. So we'll see what happens.
No,
I just like growing up in Jersey, like I went to community college a little bit and and I worked at some burger King's, I was a manager there and then when we decided to move to florida, I was pretty much gonna go, I guess I'll just go get a job at burger King being manager again. But I was like, I didn't want to be in the florida heat on the dry food and and you know the burger king? So I was kind of like, well when I worked for Disney and and I kind of tried to go to Disney and I had a couple of interviews and then also got interview at Seaworld and as it turns out Seaworld, which kind of better because it was like it's a little bit smaller, so like with Disney you really get lost in the shuffle, something so big and so you've got kind of big too, but it's never as big as Disney, so it was always kind of called me in the Sea World and I was way better off and the benefits are fantastic and
we
all hope we're all going back because like I know a few of my my buddies are back but most of us aren't back, which is kind of like good news to just kind of like we feel like it's going to happen, but maybe it's going to take like maybe six more months or so and then the unemployment is like amazing like I mean I'm making more money with unemployment anyway so so.
What?
That's cool.
like this like you know service kind of thing like I'm on like uh mturk is kind of pretty cool like I made like yeah I made like some really nice money I made like for you think 660 I got an answer for I think it was April and then for me I made like 600. The prolific. Are you this like I assume you're on prolific with this, what we're doing now. Okay.
So prolific is cool but like it's kind of hit or miss you get a few a day, maybe three bucks, four bucks. We're kind of like with Mturk I can try to make like 20 years like $20 a day kind of and it's really need money and then the unemployment is great, unemployment is great, but also like before I got it, it was nerve wracking because it kind of like it took a long time for it to finally hit. Like I kept no money, no money, no money and I was still competent.
Yeah, at least like for me it was like it's I guess it's definitely a nightmare like when you got that situation like where you're a gig worker and you're kind of on your own, it's a little delicate, but for me like people like we're Disney and Seaworld, it was supposed to be automatic and it was going to be automatic, but the issue was just like a picture like waiting on a really really long line and for all it was it was just
like it was a question, Once they get to me, everything will be okay and then it is okay and now it's like it's almost over at this point, but then I really feel confident that go through like another simple start coming up Because you've
got the deadline on July 31 when the Fed thing is over with the unemployment. So I think that's why they're not really rushing to do a second stimulus because why bother? Because well we have enough money if you have an employment, but when he is July 31 and the money will run out,
so I think
I'll do another one.
that's
me.
Mhm
Yeah, I know.
People
smile.
Okay.
Ever?
Apartment.
Mhm.
It's
not very far fetched that. That could be true.
no.
no.
What?
Uh huh
I
Well,
it's
very well.
huh
Alright sir. We've got to go 25 minutes. I mean uh is there anything, I don't, I don't know what to say when we had this conversation, but like, like for me, like here in florida, central florida, like I don't see like the viruses that big of a deal. I worked at zero for a while. I think it's sick. It was the beginning I was, no one was wearing a mask or anything. My wife is what you call the central workers. She works at walmart all the full time. And then the biggest thing I would ask her, it's like she's not sick. I'm gonna go, do you know anyone who's working there has gotten sick and all this time? And she says, I don't know. She says know anyone who's got a look at her walmart. But to
me, it's bad when someone got sick, one person at least.
Excellent.
What?
Was he ever tested for covid or?
You
got better though, Right. I'm assuming you're
That's like too damn stuff. Yeah. Because when I when I
was working, I never thought about getting a second job because I just didn't just I'm 54 so I didn't want to do is just too much time. Way too too much their energy and all that. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, not at this point. I mean I guess you know there could be a good money but no, I never thought about it. Okay.
Um I probably stumbled across a few things because like uh me and my wife bought a house recently like last year.
I was kind of like do a little bit like trying to research about how to pay it off faster and there's a bunch of people about doing something like with a line of credit and doing something. Yeah.
Yeah. 30 year. Yeah. There
isn't
it?
Yeah it was like 3%. It was
uh it was also it was brutal because we got the house and was like here's your payment was like buying a car. Like when you when you got to buy a car you're hoping to get a payment like around 300 bucks and no matter what we do it's gonna be like 450 bucks and that's it And they want that money. So same thing with the house and it was like about $1,500 they want in a month. So I paid it and it was brutal. But then we got to reduce it, I got it down to about 1200.
Yeah I got two kids
but
Yeah.
You know
in
my
mind
I always
still
only
one. Right. Right.
It's like yeah it's outrageous. Yeah. Plus and plus everyone has this right everyone has this thing to go to pay that bill and then you know
Well
true.
That's
true.
Older he was 29 and 1 26. We
we
we had kids earlier remember like going to the first time back to school night and me and my wife for like the youngest parents there all the time. Yeah.
know.
yeah
it's good.
Well like for me growing up it's kind of like I had the progression where like where you have regular tv and then there's a point where cable T. V. Came out of the whoa cable tv. This is amazing. And then and then
you get to the internet and so on. And then when you're saying like take the phone away, that reminds me of like maybe as a kid my age In the state like 19 In
1978 I'd be like 13.
And that punishment of course not. There will
be no phone but like the
thing
you'd be like you'd be you'd be grounded for a week. That would be the punishment I'm grounded for a week. And now you're saying nowadays like create about grounding somewhere you take this away from the kids. It's like
it's over oh no you can't take my youtube away and
Well to me I don't understand that. Like if someone yells at me online in writing something it has like it's got no effect because you have to know someone. If someone if you know them and they yell at you and then it has more meaning you feel about it. But something right? Something all caps and like what's this going on? You know? Why are you so mad over there? What
I
had.
Come on.
You know like sometimes like like they'll be like families at dinner and then within that table, you know half the people are like have their phone and they're going like this and you know looking at their phone.
Mhm.
Did
we get it? We made our $15 bucks you know? Alright good talking to you
and
I think we go back to the other tab and then we have to do like probably like a 10 minute survey.
I think don't don't close go enclosure page on this just in case. And then that were done. We made our 25 minutes we just go and just answer the survey. I'll say good things about you because you're cool. Uh huh.
The problem And it's
to me, it's like whenever you get like something, you can make $10 yourself, $15. It's always like, Oh, that's so cool. So cool. Because like when I make my $20 an enter key, it's like, it's painless. Like it doesn't take me all day.
I just
yeah, for for mturk, I'm only looking
for kind of like surveys and stuff every once in a while. Like they'll be like this english audio thing. We just listen to some audio things for like a
couple
moments.
No, I haven't
used it now.
I have.
I'm called tamper monkey, but I don't know. How do you?
So I guess we're good. I'm gonna go do this survey and good talking to you.
So