SPEAKER_L: right to have some clothes whenever. If you don't have time, we'll get them, there's some clothes whenever. If you don't have time we'll get him. How are you doing your beat done? What time they beat you? nine and 10 this morning? It looked like you were like it when I come home with the groceries. You already got You already got smashed. Okay. You got a right now, read and write. Mm. Right, what they want you to do is they're trying to make that easy by signing this and you do it, you have a little thing, you'll be real easy. They're trying to make writing easy for you. Mhm. In life you'll never have any that beach down here. They come Oh,
SPEAKER_R: um can you hear me? I
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? How are you
SPEAKER_R: Good. Hi. Good,
SPEAKER_L: over?
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Right, I'm in Pittsburgh. Where are you at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in michigan.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I've been to michigan a few times. Saginaw and ST Charles michigan. Right,
SPEAKER_R: What were you doing there?
SPEAKER_L: I have relatives there And by one relative they had a camp in Tala east Dallas upon the lake. And then I've been to the two lakhs. I went up into Canada there from there. I spent some time in michigan.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's nice. I moved here like nine years ago before that I lived all over the place. Home was really like Alaska slash California. But uh I like michigan a lot. My husband's family is here, so that's where we live now. Do you do a lot of these studies?
SPEAKER_L: These videos I've done about six hour,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is my first one.
SPEAKER_L: exciting. I really like them.
SPEAKER_R: What do you like about him?
SPEAKER_L: I like to connect with people. I like to talk with them. I don't know. It just lifts your spirits. Makes you feel good
SPEAKER_R: That, yes, that is true. I admit that this is, this feels like a really lonely time. I used to um teach private music lessons to kiddos and as soon as quarantine hit in the schools, I said to my students, hey, we're going to take a break until the schools are back in, but the schools are not back in yet.
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So that's been interesting. So that's Yeah. And I always loved those porch time talks with their parents who are my age. So
SPEAKER_L: But instruments do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: I teach piano and just whatever the kids sort of need to help keep them engaged or to help support the ideas that maybe they're struggling with are really enjoying. So, um, I do a lot of singing that was my neighbor and I do, um, all sorts of percussion and UKulele. So I just try to keep the kids, you know, engaged in progressing. Um, but feeling successful when they, when they have worked hard, whether they've accomplished anything really amazing or not if they work hard, I'm proud of them.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I was just thinking for your sake. My my son, he toys around with acoustic. Are we have a 61 keyboard over there? You should you ever think of doing it online?
SPEAKER_R: that's, you know, that's exactly what I'm working on right now is sort of thinking about how do I want to move forward? What do I see the timeline as if I was doing tutoring where it was just a pen and pencil, but still elbow to elbow with kiddos. I think I would probably start doing that again with a small studio with like a select number of people, but because you can't really sanitize a keyboard between students and kids just, they're always touching their faces and they're just sticky. You know, I just don't feel safe. I feel like it would be a challenge, especially since my students come from different school districts. So that makes, that makes a difference, I think.
SPEAKER_L: I have some kids who would like to learn piano if you want to use them as guinea pigs just to see if it works. We can do that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Well, a test would be amazing. There's all sorts of people out there who have enjoyed doing it, but the setup is pretty, pretty extravagant for some people, you know, a couple of cameras, um, making sure that you've got high speed internet that you are plugged into, as opposed to broadcasting to, you know, all of that takes planning and it takes finances and I'm not sure if that's the kind of investment that I want to do for the, Well, I don't know, I mean, I want to say short term, but I'm not sure how short term this is going to be or long term, you know, I expect that we're going to be wearing masks for a really long time, but quarantining and all of that. I don't know what do you think,
SPEAKER_L: I don't think in the next 12 months we should be.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: In fact one of the, one of three will be
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: and ask for a while and taking some precautions. But I think those are normalizing. We, we I just wrote home last night, we were at war. They took a crap. There was kids out playing soccer. There was tons of kids on like four socks. So it's moving back.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I know that locally sports have started back up. Um, but here in michigan we're having another gigantic spike and the hospitals are starting to get worried again. Um, the school system, it kind of depends on where you're at. If you're, I'm in the grand rapids surrounding Grand rapids area, the grand rapids public school system, they were going to go back or offer hybrid learning in november, but they said just kidding, we're going to do this for another until pretty much winter break is over because again, we just have these spikes and kids are getting sick and the adults around the kids are getting sick. And so, um, the richer areas, they have school boards that are very anti masks and that's where we're getting spikes. That's kind of in the area. One of the areas that I'm in, we're getting spikes because parents, they want to have an in school back to normal learning with minimal masks and people are getting sick. So it's been, you know, a real smack in the face to some of these deniers to go on to wear masks here. Um, and even our library, which is, you know, libraries are usually pretty liberal when it comes to where they fall on politics. But these are libraries been really aggressive about trying to turn things back to normal. And they said if the community can't get their stuff together, then we're going to have to roll back to no entrance, no contact all of that kind of a thing. So, and I need the library for like emotional, you know, uh that's like one of my happy place is so, that would make me very sad. What about you? Do you have what is your community? How is your community changed? Has your has your job changed? I don't know if you're work, Are you retired? What?
SPEAKER_L: I was working. I was just take the kids to, we, first of all, we've done charter school or at
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: home for 14 years. So we didn't miss one day I spoke to this. We've always done it at home on the computers online.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And well at first when they, when they put in restrictions, they would suggest in the store, they weren't mask and so forth. And I would forget some time. But um, when they started, when the schools and colleges start going back, I I felt like there was gonna be a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: research And uh, the next, you know, 2-4 weeks. So since then, I've actually, I wear masks all the time in the communities. All the stores have signs that you have to work to match to enter before. It was more suggestion, since, like, the end of summer, like mandatory um, wal mart is probably the same. There is here, they had all kinds of barriers and stuff. They've relaxed a lot of what they did. They used to have one way up the shopping out, go one direction, but they relax some of that. So the way it is here is um, the
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: kids are
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: back in school, the everyone pretty much wears a mask wherever you go. Um, we live in a suburb of Pittsburgh, were about 12 or 15 miles out of Pittsburgh, Our, our community, this township, 14,000 people. Um, so most people are wearing masks everywhere. People were pretty laid back. That 10 hyper about if you don't have a mask or something, you know, some people don't care. But so
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: pretty much everyone's wearing masks, things
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: start to go back, you know, pretty steadily.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm glad that that can happen for your community. Our community. It's not gonna happen for a while, unfortunately, I love it so much uh wearing a mask and because I don't have guys telling me to smile, I don't feel like I'm obligated to make eye contact with people when you're like, excuse me, you can just see like have a pill a voice, you don't have to smile and whatever. That's been a real nice thing for me. Um I can more easily like sing a song to myself if I'm going about my like groceries and stuff, maybe not sing a song, but you know, hum along to whatever I whatever earworm I have. Um and I love uh supporting the kids, they had all these like really boring masks for the longest time and that that didn't work, so they started making masks for kids and I have donated. Um I don't know, 100 or 200, probably closer to 200 masks to this low income after school library program. Uh and they just get a kick out of it. And I just love having a really colourful wacky masks to wear myself. And my husband has a shark mask and I've got a, you know, I've got a taco dinosaur mask amongst mine. I just love it. I was at a wedding recently and she, uh The Bride took the wedding from like 150 people with a, you know, in a hall to an outdoor Um gathering of about 50 people. And both of the parties were given, I need matching masks for us. So we were not just coordinated, but we were also safely up there. Um, and that was, that was, it was a blast because everyone, everyone was concerned, everyone was aware and everyone who wanted to protect each other. So, and we all want to go with stylish because I felt, you know, hopefully it once in a lifetime type thing to get married. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. What you, what kind of questions did they ask after this uh after this chip chat?
SPEAKER_L: pretty involved. It's a strong 15 minutes I would say or so enough. We're going to ask you to be evaluate
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: you evaluate me like like our they'll they'll evaluate who dominated
SPEAKER_R: Fuck
SPEAKER_L: conversation. Was it about right? Or was it one sided? Um Was there who laughed more? Who led more or was it about the same and stuff like that? There's a scale like you can put like, You know, I lead the conversation instead of out of seven maybe just a hair off maybe You know, middle before I maybe put it on three. It's stuff like that. We'll evaluate that your for your warm for your kind. If I had a friend needed advice, would I recommend you, you know that that kind
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: of,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I wonder what kind of thing that they're studying. I mean, that's pretty in depth. Um to watch somebody's conversation for 25 minutes plus and then, you know, observe whatever it is that they need to have these conversations interesting. Yeah. So how did your work get interrupted?
SPEAKER_L: I called it working before.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I really have no teams with hold it. We've actually with the covert other than vacation. We kind of buckle down and enjoyed it. Were flourishing. It's fantastic. We had a, we had a great
SPEAKER_R: You sleep?
SPEAKER_L: summer. Um, all the polls were closed, which we do
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: of swimming pools in the summer. And
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: uh, so I started looking online for creeks, this women. So we drove an hour
SPEAKER_R: stop.
SPEAKER_L: east of here and it was in the woods about
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: half
SPEAKER_R: know that.
SPEAKER_L: miles cold and shallow was uphill for the finish. We went down south east of here in front another one. But it, it was real rocky on the bottom and stuff. And we, there's
SPEAKER_R: Trump.
SPEAKER_L: a swimming hole five minutes from our house I never knew about. And I lived here my whole life. I lived with them in here. Well, like I never knew this was there. And it's fantastic because the stars in spring and as a rock cliff, you jump off of the water 10 ft deep. It's literally five minutes. I can drop the kids off and come home and act Fantastic. And there's another one maybe a minute
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: closer.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: It's like olympic size pool. The streak, it's like 100 ft long. It's like up your chest deep, Probably 15 ft wide. We've we've just, we've been cooking out doing that and we took a couple day trip because we couldn't go on vacation in the, earlier in the summer. Then the end of summer, my my son's in communities, he took summer courses for math. So he wasn't out till july end of july. So the beginning of august, you know, I, I did some research in that. We ended up uh, going on vacation for a week. We used
SPEAKER_R: Selected.
SPEAKER_L: to go 2.5 weeks. We went to this town, we go to a lot. Um, it's a smaller town and uh, tastic. We had probably one of our best vacations this year. We, we kind of buckled down to enjoy it. We cook out, We go to parks in the woods. We always did. We've been swimming in the creek. We go out to eat a lot and get takeout food, go to start a picnic table or we've, we've, we've been flourishing. It's been
SPEAKER_R: Description.
SPEAKER_L: fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh I'm so glad to hear it. What are you gonna do about thanksgiving? Are you gonna friends and family together or what are you what are you thinking?
SPEAKER_L: We normally just have our immediate family here in Mexico. We'll do the same thing. This, I have five kids were uprooted families. We have a good time. I go and visit my mom and my brother's plan, 10 minutes, right? My brother stays with me. Break it down there every week, maybe in visit or big stuff down. I just bought my mama she likes to support and I saw my uh
SPEAKER_R: Back.
SPEAKER_L: Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Pirates Bird On Clarence today and I grabbed for run
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: that down. It's really authentic ones I got for $3, it's really nice.
SPEAKER_R: oh my gosh. What?
SPEAKER_L: how wide this, but I don't know if it's going to be when I lived there. My mom, she was, you buy her shirt a medium, we got her in house, you go anywhere, no else you don't want a large, you don't want to be considered large. You know, she's
SPEAKER_R: Football.
SPEAKER_L: real fun. She's italian, he speaks
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: This sure looks pretty big, but I have to ask my sister for whereabouts I might have cut the tag
SPEAKER_R: Is it
SPEAKER_L: off president
SPEAKER_R: seller
SPEAKER_L: button.
SPEAKER_R: it's comfortable that way. No tag nothing to scratch you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they do that literally when all the types cut off. So what do you do? You don't know what size of this for the next. Therefore
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: because I store my got four boys I storm and that's what gets him, you know
SPEAKER_R: During her. Yeah. Yeah. How old are your kids?
SPEAKER_L: 7, 13, and points.
SPEAKER_R: I love those ages standing out as much as 20 year old. They've got so much independence and they're learning so much about themselves although as they've been home school they probably know a lot more about themselves than they might otherwise.
SPEAKER_L: They are the possibility which is really going
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: to be. And the environment, social abilities, your big issue. So it's good that they don't get into social relationships that are bad and destructive. But yet you want them to be able to have good social relationships
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and communication and stuff like that. So it's it's good social where it can be bad to the
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I hear you. Where do you or how do you build your curriculum
SPEAKER_L: we we a research question.
SPEAKER_R: for?
SPEAKER_L: We start and we start with the same one. We used the K- 12 curriculum
SPEAKER_R: Shut
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: I had the option to buy the materials back in
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: 2005 And it was 2200 a year for students. And uh at
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that time they had charter schools here, so I could just enroll them in a charter school and they send them all the materials, even the computer and they get new computers every three years. Um So we go through a pennsylvania charter school and they have teachers. So you can you can go in and choose
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: whether you want synchronous classes which is live online. Like you and I are doing the teachers teaching,
SPEAKER_R: That's right.
SPEAKER_L: you have students in their class, teaches gives assignment, trade them and stuff with all online. Or you can go a synchronous where you get
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: problem
SPEAKER_L: you get the curriculum, it's all online, they send you books, push the facing away from uh a synchronous, you just go through, you have a daily schedule and you go through and do all your lessons on your own. They recommend it's
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: fifth
SPEAKER_R: fucks
SPEAKER_L: grade. The kids become independent fourth grade, fifth grade. Before that, your monitor, your
SPEAKER_R: Section
SPEAKER_L: monitor and teaching pretty closely. But once they get like 5th grade, you're you're more monitoring, monitoring and the way I I use it as you get different teachers. Some are good, some very good summer or locks and it never let a teacher be a liability. Always let him be an asset. So when they go to go to store for a teacher is
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: not, you know, like there's, there's
SPEAKER_R: fuck.
SPEAKER_L: some teachers, they'll they'll they'll like do nothing for the first three weeks. They're saying no, we'll get used to this our stuff. And uh, that teacher taught my my son, you know, there's always something my one son, I didn't think you'd be
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: able to do.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: And she gave him the stuff, she raised the bar and he stepped right up. I was shocked. But um, so if the teacher does real well, you know, they're teaching that I just let my kids follow them. But if they're following and it's like kind of, you know, not maybe on par with what you want. I step in and make sure the kids or uh, you know, I thought they perform and do what they do, what they were supposed to do. So we home school per se.
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: said.
SPEAKER_L: we, we follow the school curriculum, the materials we follow teachers as long as they take their kids to the stars. If they're not, we kind of pick up and make sure that they, of course during normal work.
SPEAKER_R: All those ones becomes good and lots of options must be a challenge. Food for the t shirts. If they have to fluctuate fluctuate, you know, embrace both, guiding a being part of a central class as well as as well as all still doing supporting asynchronous learning. I know
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people are asked to do that and I just, I admire anyone who dies.
SPEAKER_L: Up until this year,
SPEAKER_R: Great
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: have, I think they teach two or
SPEAKER_R: Back.
SPEAKER_L: 3 classes in the restoration. So their day is broken up partial classes and partial partial knock on for the teachers. However, this year with the virus, they got 740 new families. I think the teachers are buried here. They're really, I think struggling. I mean, there there great stuff on the weekend. They don't do that. No, I don't know what, what all is going on on the other end, but, but I don't know. It's interesting in my son with, like I said, sociability aspect based on the community college start off these transfer transfer carpet. And uh, so he took live classes. He did real well on them. It does work well in the online obviously,
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: but,
SPEAKER_R: tough stuff.
SPEAKER_L: but now they bump them all the online. Pretty much. There's a few like
SPEAKER_R: Question.
SPEAKER_L: one too that you can go in person. He transitioned real well. I was concerned because my kids are doing school with the, I'm talking about you about something just stepping in. I was concerned with my students during school with a computer in front of them, phone, every school at their disposal calculator I was concerned with if they would go to school. Like I did a public school, you have a test, you put your books under your desk, you have a pencil and the test and everything is coming to you kids today and my kids especially you've got everything with your disposal to use or learning some tests. You're allowed to use the computers note. So I was concerned about my son walking into a community college or any college for that matter and being able to adjust so and being able to do well with about many schools. So I started them in seventh grade during synchronous classes. That reason. So if they go to college, they can transfer easier because they start to work the teacher. Then we picked those plastic that we thought would be be more friendly for a transition into a live class like that. And he's done real well. He's got straight A's poet for he did really well on his S. A. T. S. So I was concerned that they were learning, I knew they
SPEAKER_R: Problems.
SPEAKER_L: were part of And he didn't say he was 1390, they think they learned. And some of my fears that subsided about we're in this so they can be able to transfer into college into the world the workplace to fund. He seemed to be seemed to be going for a while. In fact with this now there are ahead of the curve on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. I hadn't even considered that this would be the pretty, Yeah. Part of the course looks good. Well, I'm really glad that your kids are working out in this covid that you all are able to flourish as you said. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've been doing extra cooking self. Been fun. A lot. A lot more like fresh vegetables. And I just started hiking. I just took my first solo hike. That was exciting. But yeah, this is a different world. A new world. I don't know what normal is going to look for. It looks like moving forward, but I hope you can return to a lot of the joys that we had. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: you know good it's not
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: for you make this be a whole new world. But it's got to go back to something how you know everyone is not gonna day like this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully not. I mean this this is not sustainable. Um I miss teaching in person. I do so much like off the bench stuff too. Like we we're play catch, we play board games. I mean they're all educationally enriching their musical skills, but Anka, if you can't do that over them, you can't really tackle the resume. Yeah. Uh All right. Well, what are you going to do for the rest of your day today?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm kind of talking where, I don't know if I go back out. I went out with some errands today. The grocery shopping
SPEAKER_R: Country
SPEAKER_L: got, it grows out of dryer and it's a surveys.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I do. I want to but forced forced turnovers. Yeah, stuff. I got a quote now and I don't know if I'll go back out, go for a walk or something or or
SPEAKER_R: Section.
SPEAKER_L: wind down eat dessert. I'll get cleaned up and uh, we
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: watch Tv or do our things on our computers and stuff like that about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've got game night um the uh google chats just you know, kind of like zoom with my husband and my husband's parents. Um They live about an hour away and they are a high risk group that they live with a 90 something year old woman who lived with A grandmother in law. So we play games every Wednesday and Saturday over Zoom. So that's really fun. Lost four games in a card game. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Then it looks like you're near holland michigan. Is that where the both festival thing is, is there a problem festival there or something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There is. Um I have never been there. I haven't actually embraced a lot of the uh michigan type destination stuff, just mainly taking advantage of their great restaurants and being your family.
SPEAKER_L: Were you born in Alaska or not? You mentioned or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: For watching the UConn show now you
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: find
SPEAKER_R: question,
SPEAKER_L: a Santana. Did you see that?
SPEAKER_R: I've seen some previews, I'm uh it's not really up my alley but I certainly enjoy the view. Uh just to be reminded of some of that.
SPEAKER_L: Are you, what's her name? Courtney? Her dad has the dog she hunts. But you,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know the characters well enough, I just like the the environment of the thing
SPEAKER_L: you're in the city in Alaska that the world
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: was everything country up there.
SPEAKER_R: um you know there's like a central area um that's Anchorage which is where I was and it's just that it's central and it's small and then everything just sort of scattered outside of it, so there's no real like this is the town and this is where people live, it's just very very scattered. Yeah and I spent a lot of time in Seward and Homer spit um uh during my time there turning in the island, so you know I had my fair share of the Alaskan experience, just went back there for vacation. Uh Great rights before covid uh two weeks before quarantine hit. It was pretty, pretty incredible to come back to that,
SPEAKER_L: I had to grow at the DMV who's gonna last in, my son is firm and or something lying there and he said she was in the last pretty interesting. You're like the second person in about a month. That's amazing. What was your name
SPEAKER_R: And Krista, what's yours
SPEAKER_L: Philip? Right.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you, fill up the son of pleasure chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: I enjoyed it. It was nice and things go well for you and have a great game night
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Oh what do we do next? As soon as we close this chat and a survey will come up?
SPEAKER_L: when you close the chest, you have to go back to the window that you clicked on for this video to open. Um, okay, you'll go back on that and at the bottom of the page or quickly arrow,
SPEAKER_R: All right, that
SPEAKER_L: It'll
SPEAKER_R: sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: take you right into the survey and that will wrap you up in about 15 minutes or so.
SPEAKER_R: All right, that's great. Well you have a great rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: Features are created by now.