um can you hear me? I
Good. Hi. Good,
How are you?
I'm in michigan.
What were you doing there?
Yeah. Well that's nice. I moved here like nine years ago before that I lived all over the place. Home was really like Alaska slash California. But uh I like michigan a lot. My husband's family is here, so that's where we live now. Do you do a lot of these studies?
Yeah. This is my first one.
What do you like about him?
That, yes, that is true. I admit that this is, this feels like a really lonely time. I used to um teach private music lessons to kiddos and as soon as quarantine hit in the schools, I said to my students, hey, we're going to take a break until the schools are back in, but the schools are not back in yet.
Yeah. So that's been interesting. So that's Yeah. And I always loved those porch time talks with their parents who are my age. So
I teach piano and just whatever the kids sort of need to help keep them engaged or to help support the ideas that maybe they're struggling with are really enjoying. So, um, I do a lot of singing that was my neighbor and I do, um, all sorts of percussion and UKulele. So I just try to keep the kids, you know, engaged in progressing. Um, but feeling successful when they, when they have worked hard, whether they've accomplished anything really amazing or not if they work hard, I'm proud of them.
that's, you know, that's exactly what I'm working on right now is sort of thinking about how do I want to move forward? What do I see the timeline as if I was doing tutoring where it was just a pen and pencil, but still elbow to elbow with kiddos. I think I would probably start doing that again with a small studio with like a select number of people, but because you can't really sanitize a keyboard between students and kids just, they're always touching their faces and they're just sticky. You know, I just don't feel safe. I feel like it would be a challenge, especially since my students come from different school districts. So that makes, that makes a difference, I think.
Oh my gosh. Well, a test would be amazing. There's all sorts of people out there who have enjoyed doing it, but the setup is pretty, pretty extravagant for some people, you know, a couple of cameras, um, making sure that you've got high speed internet that you are plugged into, as opposed to broadcasting to, you know, all of that takes planning and it takes finances and I'm not sure if that's the kind of investment that I want to do for the, Well, I don't know, I mean, I want to say short term, but I'm not sure how short term this is going to be or long term, you know, I expect that we're going to be wearing masks for a really long time, but quarantining and all of that. I don't know what do you think,
but
we're
talking
Well, I know that locally sports have started back up. Um, but here in michigan we're having another gigantic spike and the hospitals are starting to get worried again. Um, the school system, it kind of depends on where you're at. If you're, I'm in the grand rapids surrounding Grand rapids area, the grand rapids public school system, they were going to go back or offer hybrid learning in november, but they said just kidding, we're going to do this for another until pretty much winter break is over because again, we just have these spikes and kids are getting sick and the adults around the kids are getting sick. And so, um, the richer areas, they have school boards that are very anti masks and that's where we're getting spikes. That's kind of in the area. One of the areas that I'm in, we're getting spikes because parents, they want to have an in school back to normal learning with minimal masks and people are getting sick. So it's been, you know, a real smack in the face to some of these deniers to go on to wear masks here. Um, and even our library, which is, you know, libraries are usually pretty liberal when it comes to where they fall on politics. But these are libraries been really aggressive about trying to turn things back to normal. And they said if the community can't get their stuff together, then we're going to have to roll back to no entrance, no contact all of that kind of a thing. So, and I need the library for like emotional, you know, uh that's like one of my happy place is so, that would make me very sad. What about you? Do you have what is your community? How is your community changed? Has your has your job changed? I don't know if you're work, Are you retired? What?
All
Thank you. Yeah.
Yeah.
No
one.
But
but
Well, I'm glad that that can happen for your community. Our community. It's not gonna happen for a while, unfortunately, I love it so much uh wearing a mask and because I don't have guys telling me to smile, I don't feel like I'm obligated to make eye contact with people when you're like, excuse me, you can just see like have a pill a voice, you don't have to smile and whatever. That's been a real nice thing for me. Um I can more easily like sing a song to myself if I'm going about my like groceries and stuff, maybe not sing a song, but you know, hum along to whatever I whatever earworm I have. Um and I love uh supporting the kids, they had all these like really boring masks for the longest time and that that didn't work, so they started making masks for kids and I have donated. Um I don't know, 100 or 200, probably closer to 200 masks to this low income after school library program. Uh and they just get a kick out of it. And I just love having a really colourful wacky masks to wear myself. And my husband has a shark mask and I've got a, you know, I've got a taco dinosaur mask amongst mine. I just love it. I was at a wedding recently and she, uh The Bride took the wedding from like 150 people with a, you know, in a hall to an outdoor Um gathering of about 50 people. And both of the parties were given, I need matching masks for us. So we were not just coordinated, but we were also safely up there. Um, and that was, that was, it was a blast because everyone, everyone was concerned, everyone was aware and everyone who wanted to protect each other. So, and we all want to go with stylish because I felt, you know, hopefully it once in a lifetime type thing to get married. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. What you, what kind of questions did they ask after this uh after this chip chat?
You
have.
Fuck
How
interesting. I wonder what kind of thing that they're studying. I mean, that's pretty in depth. Um to watch somebody's conversation for 25 minutes plus and then, you know, observe whatever it is that they need to have these conversations interesting. Yeah. So how did your work get interrupted?
What?
You sleep?
What's up?
But
stop.
I don't
know that.
Trump.
Look
like
Selected.
Description.
Mhm. Oh I'm so glad to hear it. What are you gonna do about thanksgiving? Are you gonna friends and family together or what are you what are you thinking?
Back.
It's
oh my gosh. What?
Football.
Thank
you.
Is it
seller
it's comfortable that way. No tag nothing to scratch you. Mhm.
What?
During her. Yeah. Yeah. How old are your kids?
I love those ages standing out as much as 20 year old. They've got so much independence and they're learning so much about themselves although as they've been home school they probably know a lot more about themselves than they might otherwise.
Look
What?
Yeah. Yeah I hear you. Where do you or how do you build your curriculum
for?
Shut
up.
What?
Yeah.
So.
That's right.
The
problem
For
fucks
Section
that
fuck.
that's
good.
she
said.
All those ones becomes good and lots of options must be a challenge. Food for the t shirts. If they have to fluctuate fluctuate, you know, embrace both, guiding a being part of a central class as well as as well as all still doing supporting asynchronous learning. I know
a lot of people are asked to do that and I just, I admire anyone who dies.
Great
For
Back.
Some
tough stuff.
Question.
Problems.
Yeah, that makes sense. I hadn't even considered that this would be the pretty, Yeah. Part of the course looks good. Well, I'm really glad that your kids are working out in this covid that you all are able to flourish as you said. Yeah.
Yeah. I've been doing extra cooking self. Been fun. A lot. A lot more like fresh vegetables. And I just started hiking. I just took my first solo hike. That was exciting. But yeah, this is a different world. A new world. I don't know what normal is going to look for. It looks like moving forward, but I hope you can return to a lot of the joys that we had. Okay.
So
Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully not. I mean this this is not sustainable. Um I miss teaching in person. I do so much like off the bench stuff too. Like we we're play catch, we play board games. I mean they're all educationally enriching their musical skills, but Anka, if you can't do that over them, you can't really tackle the resume. Yeah. Uh All right. Well, what are you going to do for the rest of your day today?
Country
Yeah.
Section.
Yeah.
Yeah. I've got game night um the uh google chats just you know, kind of like zoom with my husband and my husband's parents. Um They live about an hour away and they are a high risk group that they live with a 90 something year old woman who lived with A grandmother in law. So we play games every Wednesday and Saturday over Zoom. So that's really fun. Lost four games in a card game. Yeah.
Yeah. There is. Um I have never been there. I haven't actually embraced a lot of the uh michigan type destination stuff, just mainly taking advantage of their great restaurants and being your family.
Mhm.
The
question,
I've seen some previews, I'm uh it's not really up my alley but I certainly enjoy the view. Uh just to be reminded of some of that.
I don't know the characters well enough, I just like the the environment of the thing
what
um you know there's like a central area um that's Anchorage which is where I was and it's just that it's central and it's small and then everything just sort of scattered outside of it, so there's no real like this is the town and this is where people live, it's just very very scattered. Yeah and I spent a lot of time in Seward and Homer spit um uh during my time there turning in the island, so you know I had my fair share of the Alaskan experience, just went back there for vacation. Uh Great rights before covid uh two weeks before quarantine hit. It was pretty, pretty incredible to come back to that,
And Krista, what's yours
to meet you, fill up the son of pleasure chatting with you.
Thanks. Oh what do we do next? As soon as we close this chat and a survey will come up?
All right, that
sounds good.
All right, that's great. Well you have a great rest of your day.