right to have some clothes whenever. If you don't have time, we'll get them, there's some clothes whenever. If you don't have time we'll get him. How are you doing your beat done? What time they beat you? nine and 10 this morning? It looked like you were like it when I come home with the groceries. You already got You already got smashed. Okay. You got a right now, read and write. Mm. Right, what they want you to do is they're trying to make that easy by signing this and you do it, you have a little thing, you'll be real easy. They're trying to make writing easy for you. Mhm. In life you'll never have any that beach down here. They come Oh,
Can you hear me? How are you
over?
Right, I'm in Pittsburgh. Where are you at?
Oh, I've been to michigan a few times. Saginaw and ST Charles michigan. Right,
I have relatives there And by one relative they had a camp in Tala east Dallas upon the lake. And then I've been to the two lakhs. I went up into Canada there from there. I spent some time in michigan.
These videos I've done about six hour,
exciting. I really like them.
I like to connect with people. I like to talk with them. I don't know. It just lifts your spirits. Makes you feel good
or
But instruments do you teach?
Well, I was just thinking for your sake. My my son, he toys around with acoustic. Are we have a 61 keyboard over there? You should you ever think of doing it online?
I have some kids who would like to learn piano if you want to use them as guinea pigs just to see if it works. We can do that.
I don't think in the next 12 months we should be.
In fact one of the, one of three will be
there
and ask for a while and taking some precautions. But I think those are normalizing. We, we I just wrote home last night, we were at war. They took a crap. There was kids out playing soccer. There was tons of kids on like four socks. So it's moving back.
I was working. I was just take the kids to, we, first of all, we've done charter school or at
home for 14 years. So we didn't miss one day I spoke to this. We've always done it at home on the computers online.
And well at first when they, when they put in restrictions, they would suggest in the store, they weren't mask and so forth. And I would forget some time. But um, when they started, when the schools and colleges start going back, I I felt like there was gonna be a
research And uh, the next, you know, 2-4 weeks. So since then, I've actually, I wear masks all the time in the communities. All the stores have signs that you have to work to match to enter before. It was more suggestion, since, like, the end of summer, like mandatory um, wal mart is probably the same. There is here, they had all kinds of barriers and stuff. They've relaxed a lot of what they did. They used to have one way up the shopping out, go one direction, but they relax some of that. So the way it is here is um, the
kids are
back in school, the everyone pretty much wears a mask wherever you go. Um, we live in a suburb of Pittsburgh, were about 12 or 15 miles out of Pittsburgh, Our, our community, this township, 14,000 people. Um, so most people are wearing masks everywhere. People were pretty laid back. That 10 hyper about if you don't have a mask or something, you know, some people don't care. But so
pretty much everyone's wearing masks, things
start to go back, you know, pretty steadily.
that's
pretty involved. It's a strong 15 minutes I would say or so enough. We're going to ask you to be evaluate
you,
you evaluate me like like our they'll they'll evaluate who dominated
conversation. Was it about right? Or was it one sided? Um Was there who laughed more? Who led more or was it about the same and stuff like that? There's a scale like you can put like, You know, I lead the conversation instead of out of seven maybe just a hair off maybe You know, middle before I maybe put it on three. It's stuff like that. We'll evaluate that your for your warm for your kind. If I had a friend needed advice, would I recommend you, you know that that kind
of,
I called it working before.
I really have no teams with hold it. We've actually with the covert other than vacation. We kind of buckle down and enjoyed it. Were flourishing. It's fantastic. We had a, we had a great
summer. Um, all the polls were closed, which we do
of swimming pools in the summer. And
uh, so I started looking online for creeks, this women. So we drove an hour
east of here and it was in the woods about
half
miles cold and shallow was uphill for the finish. We went down south east of here in front another one. But it, it was real rocky on the bottom and stuff. And we, there's
a swimming hole five minutes from our house I never knew about. And I lived here my whole life. I lived with them in here. Well, like I never knew this was there. And it's fantastic because the stars in spring and as a rock cliff, you jump off of the water 10 ft deep. It's literally five minutes. I can drop the kids off and come home and act Fantastic. And there's another one maybe a minute
closer.
It's like olympic size pool. The streak, it's like 100 ft long. It's like up your chest deep, Probably 15 ft wide. We've we've just, we've been cooking out doing that and we took a couple day trip because we couldn't go on vacation in the, earlier in the summer. Then the end of summer, my my son's in communities, he took summer courses for math. So he wasn't out till july end of july. So the beginning of august, you know, I, I did some research in that. We ended up uh, going on vacation for a week. We used
to go 2.5 weeks. We went to this town, we go to a lot. Um, it's a smaller town and uh, tastic. We had probably one of our best vacations this year. We, we kind of buckled down to enjoy it. We cook out, We go to parks in the woods. We always did. We've been swimming in the creek. We go out to eat a lot and get takeout food, go to start a picnic table or we've, we've, we've been flourishing. It's been
fantastic.
We normally just have our immediate family here in Mexico. We'll do the same thing. This, I have five kids were uprooted families. We have a good time. I go and visit my mom and my brother's plan, 10 minutes, right? My brother stays with me. Break it down there every week, maybe in visit or big stuff down. I just bought my mama she likes to support and I saw my uh
Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Pirates Bird On Clarence today and I grabbed for run
that down. It's really authentic ones I got for $3, it's really nice.
how wide this, but I don't know if it's going to be when I lived there. My mom, she was, you buy her shirt a medium, we got her in house, you go anywhere, no else you don't want a large, you don't want to be considered large. You know, she's
real fun. She's italian, he speaks
hilarious.
This sure looks pretty big, but I have to ask my sister for whereabouts I might have cut the tag
off president
button.
they do that literally when all the types cut off. So what do you do? You don't know what size of this for the next. Therefore
because I store my got four boys I storm and that's what gets him, you know
7, 13, and points.
They are the possibility which is really going
to be. And the environment, social abilities, your big issue. So it's good that they don't get into social relationships that are bad and destructive. But yet you want them to be able to have good social relationships
and communication and stuff like that. So it's it's good social where it can be bad to the
we we a research question.
We start and we start with the same one. We used the K- 12 curriculum
but
I had the option to buy the materials back in
2005 And it was 2200 a year for students. And uh at
that time they had charter schools here, so I could just enroll them in a charter school and they send them all the materials, even the computer and they get new computers every three years. Um So we go through a pennsylvania charter school and they have teachers. So you can you can go in and choose
whether you want synchronous classes which is live online. Like you and I are doing the teachers teaching,
you have students in their class, teaches gives assignment, trade them and stuff with all online. Or you can go a synchronous where you get
the,
you get the curriculum, it's all online, they send you books, push the facing away from uh a synchronous, you just go through, you have a daily schedule and you go through and do all your lessons on your own. They recommend it's
fifth
grade. The kids become independent fourth grade, fifth grade. Before that, your monitor, your
monitor and teaching pretty closely. But once they get like 5th grade, you're you're more monitoring, monitoring and the way I I use it as you get different teachers. Some are good, some very good summer or locks and it never let a teacher be a liability. Always let him be an asset. So when they go to go to store for a teacher is
not, you know, like there's, there's
some teachers, they'll they'll they'll like do nothing for the first three weeks. They're saying no, we'll get used to this our stuff. And uh, that teacher taught my my son, you know, there's always something my one son, I didn't think you'd be
able to do.
And she gave him the stuff, she raised the bar and he stepped right up. I was shocked. But um, so if the teacher does real well, you know, they're teaching that I just let my kids follow them. But if they're following and it's like kind of, you know, not maybe on par with what you want. I step in and make sure the kids or uh, you know, I thought they perform and do what they do, what they were supposed to do. So we home school per se.
But
we, we follow the school curriculum, the materials we follow teachers as long as they take their kids to the stars. If they're not, we kind of pick up and make sure that they, of course during normal work.
Well
Up until this year,
they
have, I think they teach two or
3 classes in the restoration. So their day is broken up partial classes and partial partial knock on for the teachers. However, this year with the virus, they got 740 new families. I think the teachers are buried here. They're really, I think struggling. I mean, there there great stuff on the weekend. They don't do that. No, I don't know what, what all is going on on the other end, but, but I don't know. It's interesting in my son with, like I said, sociability aspect based on the community college start off these transfer transfer carpet. And uh, so he took live classes. He did real well on them. It does work well in the online obviously,
but,
but now they bump them all the online. Pretty much. There's a few like
one too that you can go in person. He transitioned real well. I was concerned because my kids are doing school with the, I'm talking about you about something just stepping in. I was concerned with my students during school with a computer in front of them, phone, every school at their disposal calculator I was concerned with if they would go to school. Like I did a public school, you have a test, you put your books under your desk, you have a pencil and the test and everything is coming to you kids today and my kids especially you've got everything with your disposal to use or learning some tests. You're allowed to use the computers note. So I was concerned about my son walking into a community college or any college for that matter and being able to adjust so and being able to do well with about many schools. So I started them in seventh grade during synchronous classes. That reason. So if they go to college, they can transfer easier because they start to work the teacher. Then we picked those plastic that we thought would be be more friendly for a transition into a live class like that. And he's done real well. He's got straight A's poet for he did really well on his S. A. T. S. So I was concerned that they were learning, I knew they
were part of And he didn't say he was 1390, they think they learned. And some of my fears that subsided about we're in this so they can be able to transfer into college into the world the workplace to fund. He seemed to be seemed to be going for a while. In fact with this now there are ahead of the curve on.
I don't want
you know good it's not
for you make this be a whole new world. But it's got to go back to something how you know everyone is not gonna day like this.
Well, I'm kind of talking where, I don't know if I go back out. I went out with some errands today. The grocery shopping
got, it grows out of dryer and it's a surveys.
Yes, I do. I want to but forced forced turnovers. Yeah, stuff. I got a quote now and I don't know if I'll go back out, go for a walk or something or or
wind down eat dessert. I'll get cleaned up and uh, we
watch Tv or do our things on our computers and stuff like that about yourself.
Then it looks like you're near holland michigan. Is that where the both festival thing is, is there a problem festival there or something?
Were you born in Alaska or not? You mentioned or? Yeah.
For watching the UConn show now you
find
a Santana. Did you see that?
Are you, what's her name? Courtney? Her dad has the dog she hunts. But you,
you're in the city in Alaska that the world
was everything country up there.
I had to grow at the DMV who's gonna last in, my son is firm and or something lying there and he said she was in the last pretty interesting. You're like the second person in about a month. That's amazing. What was your name
Philip? Right.
I enjoyed it. It was nice and things go well for you and have a great game night
when you close the chest, you have to go back to the window that you clicked on for this video to open. Um, okay, you'll go back on that and at the bottom of the page or quickly arrow,
It'll
take you right into the survey and that will wrap you up in about 15 minutes or so.
Features are created by now.