SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. I'm like 30 seconds late. Absoluteal hit the next button.
SPEAKER_L: I signed in a while ago and then I was like uh so
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: I was talking
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: my husband, you can't find his phone, so now I'm like what am I doing?
SPEAKER_R: have you ever done this before?
SPEAKER_L: not like one on one conversation with like just like a random stranger or whatever. I've done the live conversations with like the uh one of them was for, I can't think of it now. Uh Financial software can't think, oh my god, like brain farted, so bad. Um I've done conversations with like brand companies and stuff like that, but I've not done it with like just a random, that
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: bad. I don't mean,
SPEAKER_R: Well, what time? Well, that's what it is. By the way, I'm cap,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Casey
SPEAKER_R: thanks to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you. So have you done these before?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I've done one before, um, with just like a random person. Uh, and then I tried doing one yesterday and then my person, my partner was a no show and I was like, yeah, reschedule. And I just, I woke up at like 10, 15 and I checked my prolific and it was like, hey, um, you have less than an hour before your next partners up. And I was like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: Oh go on.
SPEAKER_R: I think I'm awake.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I had one uh that randomly, I didn't even get the email until the next day, it was for back in june To do the same thing and I was like waiting for the email and I never got anything and the next day it was like yeah you know your your your your things scheduled for June 28 that's something or whatever and I was like um it was yesterday so I didn't do the conversation
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean it's all run by humans, so I guess it might have to make mistakes, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's been crazy since the whole corona thing trying to find work and I mean I've been doing mostly just things like this just to try to make some money. So it's it's a little bit weird that you can get paid to do this.
SPEAKER_R: Honestly what's funny is I, I ended up starting looking for little sites like this that I could find. And I went on a Reddit site, I guess forum called Beer Money and I was like, I was like, yeah, let me check it out and let me just see. And what's funny is this is the only site that I've consistently found that I can do something like this. And I actually feel like it's slightly worthwhile because they tend to be studies by universities and I'm like, that's, that's a good thing. That's, that's useful. And then, uh, it's one of the only sites, it's just been like consistently able to pay me for, you know, the little extra time that I have to do stuff like this. So I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: there's this is one of three, there's two other ones that I do that I caught like passive money and then there's another one that I do that um One month I made $1200. It just depends on, I've ever heard of app in
SPEAKER_R: Uh no, no. Is
SPEAKER_L: a.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: P.
SPEAKER_R: an
SPEAKER_L: P.
SPEAKER_R: athlete?
SPEAKER_L: E. N. No it's actually an um an actual company, like a legitimate company. And um you go in and they do everything from data entry to transcription to like what it basically whatever like uh it's a whole host of different things that you could be qualified for. And you go in and you take little qualification exams and if you um meet their qualifications then they'll put you on a wait list. And if you get hired with them you work for each individual different company. So I started back in I think it was august of last year. The first three months I think the first one I made $5, the second one I think I made 50 and then it went to 75 then it went to 300 then it went to 500. And then for two months after Corona started, I made 1201 month and 1300 the next month Because my
SPEAKER_R: Perhaps.
SPEAKER_L: husband lost his job. It was the craziest thing. I was like Oh my God don't
SPEAKER_R: that's it.
SPEAKER_L: get me wrong I was working 12 hours a day on the site. But I mean you're
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: important.
SPEAKER_L: home I'm sitting there watching T. V. So but like the last three months since the whole corona thing I think I've made. Mhm. Mhm. I think I made $200 last month. But
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: yet
SPEAKER_L: he's working again so just having
SPEAKER_R: now,
SPEAKER_L: that little bit of extras, you know gas or food or a couple of bills.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's, I don't know. I, I feel like that's something Because I still feel like even if it's like five minutes and you make like 30 cents or something, that's still something that's valuable.
SPEAKER_L: the other
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: company I work with is called paid viewpoint And
SPEAKER_R: oh, it's
SPEAKER_L: you start
SPEAKER_R: not good.
SPEAKER_L: out with them. Yeah it's actually it's a little bit frustrating in the beginning because you get mostly like 10 cents you know here and there and your it's your like it gets annoying because it's like you're literally answering the same question over and over over again. Every single time the survey starts, the same 20 questions are asked and it's like, oh okay, you know, it's just 10 cents whatever. You know, you're just like just answer the stupid question, but after you do it long enough, I think it took me like three months. You can get your consumer score with them up to 1000. And then you get prime money. So instead of making like a penny or two cents for all the questions, you could get 10 cents to 25 cents. So and then every, it pays out every $15. So I think I have like $20 with them right now. So it's kind of one of the ones I just kind of click on every once in a while. And then the other one I do is called user testing
SPEAKER_R: Use your text. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And they pay you $10 every single time you um qualify for uh like uh it's kind of like what we're doing right now but they don't do video so um you share your computer screen with them and they ask you a whole bunch of random questions and then you're kind of like talking through it like okay so let's say you're going to we'll pull this one out of my butt. Home Depot. Alright so I'm going to the Home Depot website and you want me to try to find flooring? That's this this so you're talking while you're explaining what you're doing,
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: they want to see whether or not their website. So I've done everything from Buying. Shoot well buying, she's not really buying anything but you know buying shoes, going through the process to testing um kids software, you know they were creating a new kids software and I got paid $10. They do things like this, the live chats. And I got paid $60 1 time to talk for maybe an hour with a guy about financial software on a different one. And then $30 to talk to somebody about. I think it was whether or not my phone would download it and it was so stupid. I'm like you just paid me $30 for that And tomorrow I have one scheduled $30 for a 30 minute conversation. I'm like okay $30 an hour. I mean $3
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: amazing.
SPEAKER_L: 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's pretty awesome,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I would definitely check those out. That's how you know I make just random money, send it home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's incredible. Yeah, I'm really lucky because I currently live with my parents so I don't really need to worry about anything. But man, it, I feel like that guilt of like I could be helping out, I could be doing something. I have so much free time that I should just be doing something. And so, especially with Corona, it's not exactly easy to just like walk outside and be like, hey, I want a job.
SPEAKER_L: No it's I mean and it's crazy because there's so many companies that are hiring But they can be so much more pickier than they've been in the past. Like my husband had his own construction company for 20 something years. It crashed with the whole corona thing and he's going out trying to find a job and he's applying at Mcdonald's, Oh you're overqualified. I wanted to like pimp slap so many people and just be like, it's freaking flipping burgers. Like I mean I don't like it's so insane like just oh just like it was so frustrating that and the whole hiring process is so different from when we were younger. So it's it's just completely different, you know, animal than it was years ago. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's,
SPEAKER_L: I can only imagine like my son's 19 and he's still at home, you know, he wanted to go to college and you know do all of that stuff and that's not happening anytime soon. So it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah. It's a, it's very frustrating. I get very idealistic with stuff like this where it's just very frustrating that it, it's so, um unequally affects, you know, people without a ton of money where it's just like your whole life has changed and like you have to adapt to so many changes and so many like things that are going to just affect you literally day to day hoping that you have enough money and hoping that you can, you know, have the gas to go apply for these jobs and stuff like that. I don't know, I, it makes me really, honestly.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm 100%. But yeah, I mean I, I I have the whole, you know, guilt side of it as a parent, you know, like what did I drag my kids into? I mean my son's 19, my daughter's 11. Like it's two totally different age brackets and it's like, where do they go from here? You know what I mean? It's not even just like the whole corona thing. I mean the whole racial thing. That's, you know, not that it's never been a problem, but you know more, I don't know what the word I'm looking for is. It's always been discussed. It's always been a thing, but explosive I guess. Like it's, you know, much more than what it used to be. And it's just, it's scary like what you're gonna do with all of it and how do you go day to day from it? So crazy.
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy times. It's, it's,
SPEAKER_L: It really is.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I read a lot, I have a lot of friends on the internet at my age demographic tends to do what it is, but a lot that is just like I'm sick of living through history. Like I'm sick
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: of living through something that's definitely going to be written down and like the books and it's just going to be remembered and it's like, can we just go back to, you know, the normal
SPEAKER_L: Well and you see all those joke memes and stuff and it's like you know what is the chapter on 2020 again? You know how like how do you explain that? Like that's gonna it's such a crazy, I wouldn't even want to write that chapter like you know I wouldn't even wanna I wouldn't know how to explain it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: You know like the
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: murder
SPEAKER_R: far, I think.
SPEAKER_L: hornets and then Corona and then Black Lives matters and all and it's like oh my God like you know it's gonna be one of those things like that's there 100 years from now that wasn't real. That was all made up. You know
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that didn't possibly happened. There's no way that all happened in one small and then if you even go back last year with all of the tsunamis and hurricanes and tornadoes and now we're going into this massive heatwave and it's like end of days
SPEAKER_R: Honestly, it feels like it and I like, I hate people that are like, how can get worse, you know? And I'm like, you don't need to
SPEAKER_L: knock
SPEAKER_R: say that
SPEAKER_L: on wood, knock on wood.
SPEAKER_R: you need to put that out in the world.
SPEAKER_L: Don't
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: jinx us. Shut up.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Uh But you know, all right. I think, I think one of the funny things that I I have really bad anxiety and especially like with all of this stuff going on, it's it's really hard, honestly, just for me to go outside and go shopping, but tell me is I've noticed two different attitudes and one of them is like overwhelming fear and you know, that doesn't, that doesn't do much for my anxiety when everyone's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: terrified and you know, like, and some people are wearing masks and some people aren't, it's like a legal requirement in my state now that everyone has to wear masks and you know, everyone's looking at everyone like they're the enemy and then there's the complete opposite side of it where everyone seems to be looking for like human Contact. Like I don't know, store and the cashiers will talk to me for like 15 whole minutes about like really not impersonal stuff, you know? And I'm just like, you really just need human contact right now. Okay. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: It's funny. It's my husband works at uh he ended up getting a job at Sam's Club. So he comes home with like stories that are just like hilarious. Like he said this one lady um was he I asked you to go the bathroom or whatever, so he's like running through the back. I like trying to, you know, being run to the bathroom and he hears this lady screaming and I'm like uh uh and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: he did, I mean, you know you don't immediately think someone screaming at me, you know what I mean? You're in the middle of a warehouse club. So he goes to the bathroom and he comes out and she has at this point walked into the employee section back behind the store and it's like so mad at him just like okay. And he comes out and she like, she was in his face and he's like, you know high. She was like I was talking to you and he was like okay. And she's like I can't pick that up. And she's pointing it like this case of water. And he was like all right, I'll go help you. So he walks over there to help her and she's like, not without you washing your hands. And he was like, I just went to the bathroom. I didn't see you wash your hands. So they have set up Visa little what? You know these little sink stations all over the storks? People were tripping out and then people were stealing the wipes, they had put out,
SPEAKER_R: everyone
SPEAKER_L: you know, those hand wipes, little stations or whatever. People were stealing them. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: now they have like these little, these little, I'm sorry. It's funny
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: these little sink stations for everybody to um wash their hands. So he walks over and he starts washing their hands, He's washing his hands and then stops
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: and starts to drive off. You didn't do it for 20 seconds, Corona can live for 20 seconds. So this whole thing goes on and he's just like trying to breathe and just like whatever. And then I looked at him and I go, was she wearing mask and gloves? And he was like, no, right? Like
SPEAKER_R: Come on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: what? Like
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you're not
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: even like if you're going to be that anal, like what are you doing? You know,
SPEAKER_R: it's the
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: wrong
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: kind of mob mentality. It's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: just because,
SPEAKER_L: insane. There's no happy medium with people. There's either this, like you said this intense fear or this complete ambivalence to it and I'm like, you know him and I are like kind of middle road, like we're cautious. You know, we take I don't wear a mask. I mean that could probably trigger a whole lot of people, but I don't do the mask thing. I don't do the gloves thing. I mean like trying to explain to people you're wearing a mask and gloves, the grocery store, you're purchasing items, you're bringing them home unless you're doing the whole, you know, C. D. C. You know, stations of you know, sanitation before you even bring it in your house. You're deliberately carrying the virus into your home.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: That's like the parents who are anal about the kids who drop a pacifier. You know, I'm like brushing that stuff off of my kids are little and handed it back to him and parents are like, like
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's,
SPEAKER_L: let them eat dirt.
SPEAKER_R: it's better for the means. It's, but the thing is with like the mask is it's actually not effective as a tool to curb the virus.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I think it's, it's just a mentality. It's,
SPEAKER_L: it really is.
SPEAKER_R: if I put a mask on, I feel weird, I feel crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I can't breathe. I have a panic attack. I have a panic attack.
SPEAKER_R: I have glasses
SPEAKER_L: I don't like uh
SPEAKER_R: you can't see and it's terrifying. But I think it's, it's the type of mentality that I think we're trying to get people to embrace, which is just try to be safer. Try to not spread it as much, try to be aware of what you're doing. And I think that like, that's why states like I live in California, so everyone's like legally required to wear one and I'm like, you know what, if it helps people feel safer, I will wear it. You know, like I hate it, I can't see most of the time. Like if I have my hair down, my glasses on the mask on, I've got like 30% vision and it's terrifying. But it's one of those things where I kind of understand it because there's so many people that are ambivalent that just don't care one way or the other. And I get that if this is something that I can do that will help people feel safer, I'll do it like that's fine. And you know, it, it technically helps if I am sick and I'm coughing into my mess. It helps, right? But I'm not and you know, it's, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: get it
SPEAKER_L: think it's one of those things that I think it's, you know, it goes into different directions with like in my brain cause it's like I'm one part, it's almost like you almost feel like the government's testing people to see yeah, how far they can push the envelope. You know what I mean? Like what can we get people to do in a moment of fear? Because fear has always been something that, you know, people in positions of power have used as a tool to get people to be under their control. You know? So it's almost like they're testing the waters like can we get an entire country of people to do what we want? Just this one little thing, you know what I mean? Because when you really think about it and it's not like I don't understand the concept of the whole mask where you know it could or couldn't block whatever, you know what I mean? Like I don't have enough medical, you know, knowledge to sit here and say what it will and it won't besides the fact on the back of the box that it says it doesn't do micro or you know, particles, which is what this virus is. So but it's a flu and while I understand wanting to slow the spread at the same time, you're not doing people any good because you're just prolonging how long this virus is going to be around for. You kind of have to have the, you know, the subtle exposure to it for your body to build natural immunity. So you're really kind of prolonging how long this virus is going to be around, if you don't have people that are, you know, minute lead becoming exposed to it to build up the resistance inside of their own body. So it's kind of like a double edged sword with it, you know? It's
SPEAKER_R: Well there's two different, there's two different like theories of thought behind what we can do to get rid of the virus and one of them is outlasting it. Like enough people become immune and those are the people that are going outside. If they become, you know, they can fight off of it, then the virus won't have any hosts to attach to that kill it off, right? So it will die. And I think that's why like it's so big about why they're like don't go near people that are at risk and have respiratory infections and then you autoimmune diseases and stuff like that. And then the other one is the one that's just so it's going so slowly and I again, like you said, I don't have the medical understanding to possibly comprehend. But the other one is to come up with the vaccine to get people to be able to kill off the virus and fight off the virus. Even if their bodies can't naturally do it or they haven't been exposed to it And that's the one that's just taking them forever and,
SPEAKER_L: well even that's scary, I mean you're essentially giving them permission to use you as a guinea pig. I mean they're going to create this virus that has zero testing or if it does have testing, it's so minute that it's like, is it really safe to stick that crap in my body? You know what I mean? So it's but even the virus itself, you know, they're constantly toting this, this, you know, rhetoric about how it's, you know, it affects people
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with compromised immune systems or the elderly or Children or whatever. But then you see all these stories of the people who are dying are like bodybuilders and like these complete health nuts. I mean I've watched I can't even tell you how many stories about you know these completely healthy people that have no audio auto immune diseases or past medical issues that would cause it and it's like wow what happened to it only attacking the elderly?
SPEAKER_R: well I think the problem with that is that they also don't I've been I've been reading a lot up on the a lot about the tests that they're trying to roll out for the virus. And the problem is the government's been like just slowing down. So the thing is they have there are two types of tests. One of them is to test for active viruses in your body to see if you currently have it. The other is to test to see if you had it and you fought it off. The problem is the government and the C. D. C. We're stopping individual labs from creating their own tests. And the problem with that is it's because they couldn't be FCC. Er I think it's easy FDA whatever tests because they didn't go through the government. But the problem is the government was taking so long with the labs were saying we can do this before you can in an effective way. And then because of the government trying to come up with these tests they were using all the resources to make them so that the labs visual labs by the time they got permission to make their own tests they didn't have the resources to do it. They became super scarce. So the problem now is any of the tests right now on the market are not F. D. A. Approved. It's what
SPEAKER_L: They approved
SPEAKER_R: those yet they're not FDA
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: approved.
SPEAKER_L: that makes you wonder like, you know, even going further with the whole conspiracy theory, you know like route like was this created by the government like I joke with my husband all the time that this was like a controlled you know way of you know population control. You know what I mean? Like trying
SPEAKER_R: Come on
SPEAKER_L: to wipe it out because why would you be so hell bent on not allowing even if it is an FDA approved? You know, that's like, you know, I don't know like I said, you can go completely conspiracy theorists and you know, trying to you know, go dark web on it, trying to figure out like why did it happen the way that it did, But
SPEAKER_R: My theory is just that our governments really
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: shitty
SPEAKER_L: probably a mixture of all kinds of stuff. I mean how do you we know that it wasn't china china
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that was trying to get back at us
SPEAKER_R: I have this
SPEAKER_L: because we
SPEAKER_R: weird,
SPEAKER_L: take off everybody.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I have this weird conspiracy theory and it's the only one that I've subscribed to you so far. And it's one that I just came up with in my head. But do you remember in october of last year had there were six deaths contributed or attributed to vapes that they were like like crazy like
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: rest.
SPEAKER_L: those kids that were dying from
SPEAKER_R: The problem
SPEAKER_L: lung.
SPEAKER_R: is it was six people all of different age groups. All of different racial demographics. All using different types of vapes. All they've been different types of things. All with different uh like how often they shaped like one person had raped once in the last 30 days before they died. Well they regularly and I went and like the cts of their lungs did not match up whatsoever. And so some doctors were like, you can't really attribute it. And I went, hmm, what else came out a little bit after that? That was a respiratory infection that was causing these deaths. And I was like maybe it was in America longer than we thought it was.
SPEAKER_L: Well and that's you're actually not far off because my daughter and I got sick back in, I want to say it was october november. We were sick not even lying two months, could
SPEAKER_R: jesus.
SPEAKER_L: not get rid of it, couldn't breathe or hacking crap up. I mean, intense body aches. It felt like someone was like stabbing our bones. It was horrible. We went to the doctor three different times. They couldn't figure out what it was tested us for. All kinds of different crap. Could not just, it's just a type of flu type of flu, which I'm like, now I'm like, oh, type of flu, you know, like uh
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, and I told my husband, I was like, I honestly think that we had it. Like this was something that's been around. That's why I was jokingly saying that, you know, they were slowly like releasing it, you know, trying to poison everybody to see if they could do it. Because like, I mean this is back in october november before it even hit the media that, you know, something was happening in china. So looking back on it now, like one of the tests they ran on my daughter was the same swab. I've seen them testing for corona, that long nasal thing that goes into your brain. Like he whips out this stick and I'm like, what the hell is that? You know, he's like, don't move like, oh my God, like just shoving it into, you know, I'm like, oh my God. So it makes you wonder. It really does. Like did they not know or was this like one of those, oh, don't cause fear until it's too late, you know, whatever.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that's the one. I think it, I think it's just that they don't want to admit how little they know and how little like they're prepared for things and I think that's just it's just humans that are just they have huge egos and their choosing their egos over the health and safety of regular human beings and I don't know. That's
SPEAKER_L: hi,
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: it's egos, it's control. It's, you know, it's all of the above, you know what I mean? Because I mean, even the governments all over the map, I mean one day it's like, you know, you can't do this and it's like, oh no, no, that's fine. You know, like, like I live in south Carolina, we've never had any sort of, I'm trying to like I don't want to say severe but like lockdown status or whatever They had um for a month or two it was certain places were closed otherwise it was like whatever. I mean people were much rednecks. Yeah voting and you know partying and it's like oh my god, it's like holding up your him like just like it was it's been stupid so you know there's no regulations here. Um But even the little bit that we did have it was like just complete melt like it was like toddler meltdowns. It was horrible. How? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god.
SPEAKER_R: And it's like California has been in lockdown for like over three months. And like I'd like to think on the whole most of us are more than willing to do that other than the financial strain and burden that so many people are taking on
SPEAKER_L: that's the part, that's
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: the hardest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Then I I think so many people are willing to do it just because they're like, hey if less people die like that's a win, you know like I'll get look at my family if they don't die like thank you know.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's definitely what you, you you have all the people that you know, especially like reading crap on facebook and instagram and twitter and all that. You're you're you're just like oh my God people are evil. I mean it's just you have like I said like we talked about before the whole extreme is like two totally different decides to it. You have the people that are just like whatever did we get disconnected? Mm
SPEAKER_R: I guess we'll hear you okay.
SPEAKER_L: I guess I can hear you. I don't think we can see each other but It's
SPEAKER_R: Oh I can
SPEAKER_L: been like
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: 30 minutes so you can't see me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we could finish up with you I think I think
SPEAKER_L: but yeah it's just you have people that are all over the map with it and it's It's hard it's a it's a thing that we know I mean I don't know what you know age group that you're in. I mean I'm 39 so you have like it's it's I don't want I don't want to call it an equaliser but it's it's hard for the different age groups to try to figure out, you know, how we're gonna handle this and you know what legacy we're leaving behind and you know, the younger generation is going into. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's a lot of burden for just the current the current status of the world is just, it's a lot to take on. Its.
SPEAKER_L: it really is. It really is. It's hard, like, I mean look at my son all the time and I'm like, God, you know, you want to I want to tell him like, you know, you don't, you know, hold on, it's cool. You know, like I said, he wants to go to college and but you know, there is no college right now, at least not in the traditional sense, you know, he wanted to do the whole campus and you know, and I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: So it's overrated let him know that shared
SPEAKER_L: I think it's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: a lot I didn't go to college. I think it's a lot of money to, you know, I kept
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: telling people I've known who went to college and they don't even do what they went to college for because you can't get hired in your trade. So
SPEAKER_R: I went for two years and I dropped out and uh I'm in like $30,000 worth of debt and it's not going nowhere.
SPEAKER_L: that is
SPEAKER_R: woman.
SPEAKER_L: so crazy. It's so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: was great.
SPEAKER_L: whole another conversation that really is because I I joke all the time that they need to completely restructure the whole education system and
SPEAKER_R: Make it
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: for that maybe.
SPEAKER_L: well not even just that like I mean you go down the whole road of everybody learns differently. I mean that's been something that we've always known for generations, everybody learns differently. Not everybody is going to end up doing the same thing, you know, as long as you teach basic math and maybe some history in there, you know because why not? But you know financial planning, you know regular remember Homeric when I was a kid, you know we had the you know where we learned sewing and you know cooking and you know woodworking and you know just I mean I love that crap going up growing up and now it's like you know it's just the robotic do this and it's like oh my God like
SPEAKER_R: Honestly,
SPEAKER_L: even my kids learn differently.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I genuinely think I would have been able to graduate if school had been like online, like it is now, but my problem was I have like a pretty bad depression and anxiety and it
SPEAKER_L: son.
SPEAKER_R: often stop me from getting out of bed and going to class. But I had straight A's, you know, when I did show and I did the
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: how my son is. I literally had to pull him out of public school because they accused him of cheating. He has horrible anxiety and depression and it's constantly sleeping because he and he also had a deviated septum that we didn't know about but that was you know he had a hard time sleeping and would fall asleep in class then they would give him a test, he'd get 100. It irritated the shit out of the teachers. They were so irritated like he has to be cheating. I'm like he's not cheating like he's just really freaking scary smart like it's just insane how smart he is. So that's why I'm trying to like nicely to him. I don't think you're gonna do good in college, you know, like, I don't want to pee on his parade or anything, but like,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It should, yeah. I definitely think it should just, it should be weighted towards the students, not, you know, the tenure of the teachers, but how well they can reach
SPEAKER_L: well it's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: almost
SPEAKER_R: different
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: types
SPEAKER_L: an aptitude
SPEAKER_R: of lightening
SPEAKER_L: test. I mean, I don't know if you're like, you know, you read and do all that stuff, but like not hunger Games, but
SPEAKER_R: divergence.
SPEAKER_L: the version Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like how there's the different sects of people that are, you know, they test towards different things like that is, you know, not necessarily that broken up, but like every kid is, you know, more attuned to something. I think there should be like
SPEAKER_R: More,
SPEAKER_L: quarterly aptitudes like every five years or whatever to see if you know, kids are going in the right direction because there's some kids who are just going to grow up to be a mechanic, they just have that in their head, you know, from a young age. I mean, I've known people who grow up like that would take things apart and build things whether it worked or not in the beginning, whatever, but you know, they are just that they just like that our kids who are always in the kitchen from an early age, you know, and it's like that's what you need to do is based off of each child. So yeah, I think it's just a whole different structure than you would be. I think people would be surprised how many more kids were, you know, made it in this world,
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: you know, I don't think you would have these groups of, you know, kids regardless of race or demographic or anything like that, that would finish school and would find something to, you know, move on to. So
SPEAKER_R: yes. Not to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mention,
SPEAKER_L: guess that's a whole another.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Because they're not to even mention that the fact that colleges, it's like a class Um barrier to entry unless you can get
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: home as many financial scholarships and grants as you can. It's just if you, unless you're like me, you want to just take on 30 k debt, that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Well even my, my son tried to get a whole bunch of, you know, different scholarships and stuff and he couldn't, he didn't qualify for any of them. I'm like, you know, they towed to these kids that there's all these scholarships out there and I'm like, and not throwing race or anything out there, but you know, there was like 60 black only scholarships and were you a dhaka child or you know, were you this or that? I'm like, none of this is
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: for just everyday white hardworking people. Like, like I said, I'm not trying to make it a race thing, but where is like, just like just whoever, where's the whoever scholarship.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think like, I personally think those should, those types of scholarships should stay, but I think there should be more available to people that are in that barrier of class and of, you know, status and of like money because man, it takes someone really, really financially stable to put their kids fully through college without worrying
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: I told
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: us
SPEAKER_R: money.
SPEAKER_L: and it's not happening.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just, it's insane. It's
SPEAKER_L: I told
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: him I was like, I love you, but there's no way, there's no way I could juggle it. You know, we juggle just paying like the frickin cable bill, like, you know, not even talking about, I mean he's 19, it doesn't have a car, like there's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I can't afford it. You know, I'm scared to let him drive my car. I'm like, look, you know, it's not like I don't want you not know how to drive, but like if you break my car, we're screwed, okay.
SPEAKER_R: I feel that. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, honestly this made me feel better. I feel like we complained a lot, but I feel like it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: made
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: me feel,
SPEAKER_L: we got it was like almost cathartic, two different, two different generations of bitching just happened. So
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. It was great. It was great.
SPEAKER_L: it really was it was nice though. You take you like I said, I mean, you know, I'm older so you know, it's I can't sit here and pretend that life is easy. It's not. But if you, you know, don't focus on, like I tell myself this time, don't focus on the negative, there's always going to be negative, there's always going to be things that are going to stress you out, you're gonna struggle with and life's gonna constantly kick you when you're down, but if you focus on even if it's just like one good thing that you have in your life, you know, it makes it just a little bit easier, you know? So just take a breath and we'll find a way through it somehow. So but good luck and
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: you know, like I said,
SPEAKER_R: work,
SPEAKER_L: it'll
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: it'll get better eventually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right. It was great talking to Casey.
SPEAKER_L: it was great talking to you too,
SPEAKER_R: All right, Bye.