Mhm.
I
I signed in a while ago and then I was like uh so
I was talking
my husband, you can't find his phone, so now I'm like what am I doing?
not like one on one conversation with like just like a random stranger or whatever. I've done the live conversations with like the uh one of them was for, I can't think of it now. Uh Financial software can't think, oh my god, like brain farted, so bad. Um I've done conversations with like brand companies and stuff like that, but I've not done it with like just a random, that
sounds
so
bad. I don't mean,
I'm Casey
nice to meet you. So have you done these before?
Oh go on.
I know
I had one uh that randomly, I didn't even get the email until the next day, it was for back in june To do the same thing and I was like waiting for the email and I never got anything and the next day it was like yeah you know your your your your things scheduled for June 28 that's something or whatever and I was like um it was yesterday so I didn't do the conversation
Yeah it's been crazy since the whole corona thing trying to find work and I mean I've been doing mostly just things like this just to try to make some money. So it's it's a little bit weird that you can get paid to do this.
there's this is one of three, there's two other ones that I do that I caught like passive money and then there's another one that I do that um One month I made $1200. It just depends on, I've ever heard of app in
a.
P.
P.
E. N. No it's actually an um an actual company, like a legitimate company. And um you go in and they do everything from data entry to transcription to like what it basically whatever like uh it's a whole host of different things that you could be qualified for. And you go in and you take little qualification exams and if you um meet their qualifications then they'll put you on a wait list. And if you get hired with them you work for each individual different company. So I started back in I think it was august of last year. The first three months I think the first one I made $5, the second one I think I made 50 and then it went to 75 then it went to 300 then it went to 500. And then for two months after Corona started, I made 1201 month and 1300 the next month Because my
husband lost his job. It was the craziest thing. I was like Oh my God don't
get me wrong I was working 12 hours a day on the site. But I mean you're
at
home I'm sitting there watching T. V. So but like the last three months since the whole corona thing I think I've made. Mhm. Mhm. I think I made $200 last month. But
I mean
he's working again so just having
that little bit of extras, you know gas or food or a couple of bills.
the other
company I work with is called paid viewpoint And
you start
out with them. Yeah it's actually it's a little bit frustrating in the beginning because you get mostly like 10 cents you know here and there and your it's your like it gets annoying because it's like you're literally answering the same question over and over over again. Every single time the survey starts, the same 20 questions are asked and it's like, oh okay, you know, it's just 10 cents whatever. You know, you're just like just answer the stupid question, but after you do it long enough, I think it took me like three months. You can get your consumer score with them up to 1000. And then you get prime money. So instead of making like a penny or two cents for all the questions, you could get 10 cents to 25 cents. So and then every, it pays out every $15. So I think I have like $20 with them right now. So it's kind of one of the ones I just kind of click on every once in a while. And then the other one I do is called user testing
And they pay you $10 every single time you um qualify for uh like uh it's kind of like what we're doing right now but they don't do video so um you share your computer screen with them and they ask you a whole bunch of random questions and then you're kind of like talking through it like okay so let's say you're going to we'll pull this one out of my butt. Home Depot. Alright so I'm going to the Home Depot website and you want me to try to find flooring? That's this this so you're talking while you're explaining what you're doing,
they want to see whether or not their website. So I've done everything from Buying. Shoot well buying, she's not really buying anything but you know buying shoes, going through the process to testing um kids software, you know they were creating a new kids software and I got paid $10. They do things like this, the live chats. And I got paid $60 1 time to talk for maybe an hour with a guy about financial software on a different one. And then $30 to talk to somebody about. I think it was whether or not my phone would download it and it was so stupid. I'm like you just paid me $30 for that And tomorrow I have one scheduled $30 for a 30 minute conversation. I'm like okay $30 an hour. I mean $3
for
30 minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah I would definitely check those out. That's how you know I make just random money, send it home. Yeah.
No it's I mean and it's crazy because there's so many companies that are hiring But they can be so much more pickier than they've been in the past. Like my husband had his own construction company for 20 something years. It crashed with the whole corona thing and he's going out trying to find a job and he's applying at Mcdonald's, Oh you're overqualified. I wanted to like pimp slap so many people and just be like, it's freaking flipping burgers. Like I mean I don't like it's so insane like just oh just like it was so frustrating that and the whole hiring process is so different from when we were younger. So it's it's just completely different, you know, animal than it was years ago. So
I can only imagine like my son's 19 and he's still at home, you know, he wanted to go to college and you know do all of that stuff and that's not happening anytime soon. So it's crazy.
Oh I'm 100%. But yeah, I mean I, I I have the whole, you know, guilt side of it as a parent, you know, like what did I drag my kids into? I mean my son's 19, my daughter's 11. Like it's two totally different age brackets and it's like, where do they go from here? You know what I mean? It's not even just like the whole corona thing. I mean the whole racial thing. That's, you know, not that it's never been a problem, but you know more, I don't know what the word I'm looking for is. It's always been discussed. It's always been a thing, but explosive I guess. Like it's, you know, much more than what it used to be. And it's just, it's scary like what you're gonna do with all of it and how do you go day to day from it? So crazy.
It really is.
But
Well and you see all those joke memes and stuff and it's like you know what is the chapter on 2020 again? You know how like how do you explain that? Like that's gonna it's such a crazy, I wouldn't even want to write that chapter like you know I wouldn't even wanna I wouldn't know how to explain it.
You know like the
murder
hornets and then Corona and then Black Lives matters and all and it's like oh my God like you know it's gonna be one of those things like that's there 100 years from now that wasn't real. That was all made up. You know
that didn't possibly happened. There's no way that all happened in one small and then if you even go back last year with all of the tsunamis and hurricanes and tornadoes and now we're going into this massive heatwave and it's like end of days
knock
on wood, knock on wood.
Don't
jinx us. Shut up.
No.
Yeah.
It's funny. It's my husband works at uh he ended up getting a job at Sam's Club. So he comes home with like stories that are just like hilarious. Like he said this one lady um was he I asked you to go the bathroom or whatever, so he's like running through the back. I like trying to, you know, being run to the bathroom and he hears this lady screaming and I'm like uh uh and
he did, I mean, you know you don't immediately think someone screaming at me, you know what I mean? You're in the middle of a warehouse club. So he goes to the bathroom and he comes out and she has at this point walked into the employee section back behind the store and it's like so mad at him just like okay. And he comes out and she like, she was in his face and he's like, you know high. She was like I was talking to you and he was like okay. And she's like I can't pick that up. And she's pointing it like this case of water. And he was like all right, I'll go help you. So he walks over there to help her and she's like, not without you washing your hands. And he was like, I just went to the bathroom. I didn't see you wash your hands. So they have set up Visa little what? You know these little sink stations all over the storks? People were tripping out and then people were stealing the wipes, they had put out,
you know, those hand wipes, little stations or whatever. People were stealing them. So
now they have like these little, these little, I'm sorry. It's funny
these little sink stations for everybody to um wash their hands. So he walks over and he starts washing their hands, He's washing his hands and then stops
and starts to drive off. You didn't do it for 20 seconds, Corona can live for 20 seconds. So this whole thing goes on and he's just like trying to breathe and just like whatever. And then I looked at him and I go, was she wearing mask and gloves? And he was like, no, right? Like
what? Like
you're not
even like if you're going to be that anal, like what are you doing? You know,
I'm
like,
it's
insane. There's no happy medium with people. There's either this, like you said this intense fear or this complete ambivalence to it and I'm like, you know him and I are like kind of middle road, like we're cautious. You know, we take I don't wear a mask. I mean that could probably trigger a whole lot of people, but I don't do the mask thing. I don't do the gloves thing. I mean like trying to explain to people you're wearing a mask and gloves, the grocery store, you're purchasing items, you're bringing them home unless you're doing the whole, you know, C. D. C. You know, stations of you know, sanitation before you even bring it in your house. You're deliberately carrying the virus into your home.
That's like the parents who are anal about the kids who drop a pacifier. You know, I'm like brushing that stuff off of my kids are little and handed it back to him and parents are like, like
let them eat dirt.
No,
it really is.
I can't breathe. I have a panic attack. I have a panic attack.
I don't like uh
I
think it's one of those things that I think it's, you know, it goes into different directions with like in my brain cause it's like I'm one part, it's almost like you almost feel like the government's testing people to see yeah, how far they can push the envelope. You know what I mean? Like what can we get people to do in a moment of fear? Because fear has always been something that, you know, people in positions of power have used as a tool to get people to be under their control. You know? So it's almost like they're testing the waters like can we get an entire country of people to do what we want? Just this one little thing, you know what I mean? Because when you really think about it and it's not like I don't understand the concept of the whole mask where you know it could or couldn't block whatever, you know what I mean? Like I don't have enough medical, you know, knowledge to sit here and say what it will and it won't besides the fact on the back of the box that it says it doesn't do micro or you know, particles, which is what this virus is. So but it's a flu and while I understand wanting to slow the spread at the same time, you're not doing people any good because you're just prolonging how long this virus is going to be around for. You kind of have to have the, you know, the subtle exposure to it for your body to build natural immunity. So you're really kind of prolonging how long this virus is going to be around, if you don't have people that are, you know, minute lead becoming exposed to it to build up the resistance inside of their own body. So it's kind of like a double edged sword with it, you know? It's
well even that's scary, I mean you're essentially giving them permission to use you as a guinea pig. I mean they're going to create this virus that has zero testing or if it does have testing, it's so minute that it's like, is it really safe to stick that crap in my body? You know what I mean? So it's but even the virus itself, you know, they're constantly toting this, this, you know, rhetoric about how it's, you know, it affects people
with compromised immune systems or the elderly or Children or whatever. But then you see all these stories of the people who are dying are like bodybuilders and like these complete health nuts. I mean I've watched I can't even tell you how many stories about you know these completely healthy people that have no audio auto immune diseases or past medical issues that would cause it and it's like wow what happened to it only attacking the elderly?
They approved
Well
that makes you wonder like, you know, even going further with the whole conspiracy theory, you know like route like was this created by the government like I joke with my husband all the time that this was like a controlled you know way of you know population control. You know what I mean? Like trying
to wipe it out because why would you be so hell bent on not allowing even if it is an FDA approved? You know, that's like, you know, I don't know like I said, you can go completely conspiracy theorists and you know, trying to you know, go dark web on it, trying to figure out like why did it happen the way that it did, But
it's
probably a mixture of all kinds of stuff. I mean how do you we know that it wasn't china china
that was trying to get back at us
because we
take off everybody.
all
those kids that were dying from
lung.
Well and that's you're actually not far off because my daughter and I got sick back in, I want to say it was october november. We were sick not even lying two months, could
not get rid of it, couldn't breathe or hacking crap up. I mean, intense body aches. It felt like someone was like stabbing our bones. It was horrible. We went to the doctor three different times. They couldn't figure out what it was tested us for. All kinds of different crap. Could not just, it's just a type of flu type of flu, which I'm like, now I'm like, oh, type of flu, you know, like uh
so
like, yeah, and I told my husband, I was like, I honestly think that we had it. Like this was something that's been around. That's why I was jokingly saying that, you know, they were slowly like releasing it, you know, trying to poison everybody to see if they could do it. Because like, I mean this is back in october november before it even hit the media that, you know, something was happening in china. So looking back on it now, like one of the tests they ran on my daughter was the same swab. I've seen them testing for corona, that long nasal thing that goes into your brain. Like he whips out this stick and I'm like, what the hell is that? You know, he's like, don't move like, oh my God, like just shoving it into, you know, I'm like, oh my God. So it makes you wonder. It really does. Like did they not know or was this like one of those, oh, don't cause fear until it's too late, you know, whatever.
But
hi,
it's egos, it's control. It's, you know, it's all of the above, you know what I mean? Because I mean, even the governments all over the map, I mean one day it's like, you know, you can't do this and it's like, oh no, no, that's fine. You know, like, like I live in south Carolina, we've never had any sort of, I'm trying to like I don't want to say severe but like lockdown status or whatever They had um for a month or two it was certain places were closed otherwise it was like whatever. I mean people were much rednecks. Yeah voting and you know partying and it's like oh my god, it's like holding up your him like just like it was it's been stupid so you know there's no regulations here. Um But even the little bit that we did have it was like just complete melt like it was like toddler meltdowns. It was horrible. How? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god.
that's the part, that's
the hardest.
It's it's definitely what you, you you have all the people that you know, especially like reading crap on facebook and instagram and twitter and all that. You're you're you're just like oh my God people are evil. I mean it's just you have like I said like we talked about before the whole extreme is like two totally different decides to it. You have the people that are just like whatever did we get disconnected? Mm
I guess I can hear you. I don't think we can see each other but It's
been like
30 minutes so you can't see me. Yeah.
but yeah it's just you have people that are all over the map with it and it's It's hard it's a it's a thing that we know I mean I don't know what you know age group that you're in. I mean I'm 39 so you have like it's it's I don't want I don't want to call it an equaliser but it's it's hard for the different age groups to try to figure out, you know, how we're gonna handle this and you know what legacy we're leaving behind and you know, the younger generation is going into. So
it really is. It really is. It's hard, like, I mean look at my son all the time and I'm like, God, you know, you want to I want to tell him like, you know, you don't, you know, hold on, it's cool. You know, like I said, he wants to go to college and but you know, there is no college right now, at least not in the traditional sense, you know, he wanted to do the whole campus and you know, and I'm like,
I think it's
a lot I didn't go to college. I think it's a lot of money to, you know, I kept
telling people I've known who went to college and they don't even do what they went to college for because you can't get hired in your trade. So
that is
so crazy. It's so crazy.
That's
whole another conversation that really is because I I joke all the time that they need to completely restructure the whole education system and
you
know,
well not even just that like I mean you go down the whole road of everybody learns differently. I mean that's been something that we've always known for generations, everybody learns differently. Not everybody is going to end up doing the same thing, you know, as long as you teach basic math and maybe some history in there, you know because why not? But you know financial planning, you know regular remember Homeric when I was a kid, you know we had the you know where we learned sewing and you know cooking and you know woodworking and you know just I mean I love that crap going up growing up and now it's like you know it's just the robotic do this and it's like oh my God like
even my kids learn differently.
son.
that's
how my son is. I literally had to pull him out of public school because they accused him of cheating. He has horrible anxiety and depression and it's constantly sleeping because he and he also had a deviated septum that we didn't know about but that was you know he had a hard time sleeping and would fall asleep in class then they would give him a test, he'd get 100. It irritated the shit out of the teachers. They were so irritated like he has to be cheating. I'm like he's not cheating like he's just really freaking scary smart like it's just insane how smart he is. So that's why I'm trying to like nicely to him. I don't think you're gonna do good in college, you know, like, I don't want to pee on his parade or anything, but like,
well it's
almost
like
an aptitude
test. I mean, I don't know if you're like, you know, you read and do all that stuff, but like not hunger Games, but
the version Yeah,
like how there's the different sects of people that are, you know, they test towards different things like that is, you know, not necessarily that broken up, but like every kid is, you know, more attuned to something. I think there should be like
quarterly aptitudes like every five years or whatever to see if you know, kids are going in the right direction because there's some kids who are just going to grow up to be a mechanic, they just have that in their head, you know, from a young age. I mean, I've known people who grow up like that would take things apart and build things whether it worked or not in the beginning, whatever, but you know, they are just that they just like that our kids who are always in the kitchen from an early age, you know, and it's like that's what you need to do is based off of each child. So yeah, I think it's just a whole different structure than you would be. I think people would be surprised how many more kids were, you know, made it in this world,
you know, I don't think you would have these groups of, you know, kids regardless of race or demographic or anything like that, that would finish school and would find something to, you know, move on to. So
I
guess that's a whole another.
I'm sure.
Well even my, my son tried to get a whole bunch of, you know, different scholarships and stuff and he couldn't, he didn't qualify for any of them. I'm like, you know, they towed to these kids that there's all these scholarships out there and I'm like, and not throwing race or anything out there, but you know, there was like 60 black only scholarships and were you a dhaka child or you know, were you this or that? I'm like, none of this is
for just everyday white hardworking people. Like, like I said, I'm not trying to make it a race thing, but where is like, just like just whoever, where's the whoever scholarship.
So
I told
us
and it's not happening.
I told
him I was like, I love you, but there's no way, there's no way I could juggle it. You know, we juggle just paying like the frickin cable bill, like, you know, not even talking about, I mean he's 19, it doesn't have a car, like there's
I can't afford it. You know, I'm scared to let him drive my car. I'm like, look, you know, it's not like I don't want you not know how to drive, but like if you break my car, we're screwed, okay.
So yeah.
I
know
we got it was like almost cathartic, two different, two different generations of bitching just happened. So
it really was it was nice though. You take you like I said, I mean, you know, I'm older so you know, it's I can't sit here and pretend that life is easy. It's not. But if you, you know, don't focus on, like I tell myself this time, don't focus on the negative, there's always going to be negative, there's always going to be things that are going to stress you out, you're gonna struggle with and life's gonna constantly kick you when you're down, but if you focus on even if it's just like one good thing that you have in your life, you know, it makes it just a little bit easier, you know? So just take a breath and we'll find a way through it somehow. So but good luck and
you know, like I said,
it'll
it'll get better eventually.
it was great talking to you too,