All right.
Sorry. I'm like 30 seconds late. Absoluteal hit the next button.
Have
you,
have you ever done this before?
One
of
them.
Well, what time? Well, that's what it is. By the way, I'm cap,
thanks to meet you.
Um, I've done one before, um, with just like a random person. Uh, and then I tried doing one yesterday and then my person, my partner was a no show and I was like, yeah, reschedule. And I just, I woke up at like 10, 15 and I checked my prolific and it was like, hey, um, you have less than an hour before your next partners up. And I was like, okay,
I think I'm awake.
Well,
yeah. I mean it's all run by humans, so I guess it might have to make mistakes, but
Honestly what's funny is I, I ended up starting looking for little sites like this that I could find. And I went on a Reddit site, I guess forum called Beer Money and I was like, I was like, yeah, let me check it out and let me just see. And what's funny is this is the only site that I've consistently found that I can do something like this. And I actually feel like it's slightly worthwhile because they tend to be studies by universities and I'm like, that's, that's a good thing. That's, that's useful. And then, uh, it's one of the only sites, it's just been like consistently able to pay me for, you know, the little extra time that I have to do stuff like this. So I'm like,
Uh no, no. Is
it
an
athlete?
Perhaps.
that's it.
that's
important.
And
yet
now,
That's awesome. That's, I don't know. I, I feel like that's something Because I still feel like even if it's like five minutes and you make like 30 cents or something, that's still something that's valuable.
Well,
oh, it's
not good.
Use your text. Okay.
interesting.
That's
amazing.
Yeah, it's pretty awesome,
wow. Okay.
That's incredible. Yeah, I'm really lucky because I currently live with my parents so I don't really need to worry about anything. But man, it, I feel like that guilt of like I could be helping out, I could be doing something. I have so much free time that I should just be doing something. And so, especially with Corona, it's not exactly easy to just like walk outside and be like, hey, I want a job.
Yeah, there's,
you. Yeah. It's a, it's very frustrating. I get very idealistic with stuff like this where it's just very frustrating that it, it's so, um unequally affects, you know, people without a ton of money where it's just like your whole life has changed and like you have to adapt to so many changes and so many like things that are going to just affect you literally day to day hoping that you have enough money and hoping that you can, you know, have the gas to go apply for these jobs and stuff like that. I don't know, I, it makes me really, honestly.
It's crazy times. It's, it's,
yeah, I read a lot, I have a lot of friends on the internet at my age demographic tends to do what it is, but a lot that is just like I'm sick of living through history. Like I'm sick
of living through something that's definitely going to be written down and like the books and it's just going to be remembered and it's like, can we just go back to, you know, the normal
yeah, it's
so
far, I think.
What?
Honestly, it feels like it and I like, I hate people that are like, how can get worse, you know? And I'm like, you don't need to
say that
you need to put that out in the world.
Good.
Okay. Uh But you know, all right. I think, I think one of the funny things that I I have really bad anxiety and especially like with all of this stuff going on, it's it's really hard, honestly, just for me to go outside and go shopping, but tell me is I've noticed two different attitudes and one of them is like overwhelming fear and you know, that doesn't, that doesn't do much for my anxiety when everyone's
terrified and you know, like, and some people are wearing masks and some people aren't, it's like a legal requirement in my state now that everyone has to wear masks and you know, everyone's looking at everyone like they're the enemy and then there's the complete opposite side of it where everyone seems to be looking for like human Contact. Like I don't know, store and the cashiers will talk to me for like 15 whole minutes about like really not impersonal stuff, you know? And I'm just like, you really just need human contact right now. Okay. All right.
But
Yeah.
everyone
What?
it's
no
Come on. Uh huh.
It's
not,
it's the
wrong
kind of mob mentality. It's
just because,
It
yeah, it's,
it's better for the means. It's, but the thing is with like the mask is it's actually not effective as a tool to curb the virus.
I think it's, it's just a mentality. It's,
if I put a mask on, I feel weird, I feel crazy.
I have glasses
you can't see and it's terrifying. But I think it's, it's the type of mentality that I think we're trying to get people to embrace, which is just try to be safer. Try to not spread it as much, try to be aware of what you're doing. And I think that like, that's why states like I live in California, so everyone's like legally required to wear one and I'm like, you know what, if it helps people feel safer, I will wear it. You know, like I hate it, I can't see most of the time. Like if I have my hair down, my glasses on the mask on, I've got like 30% vision and it's terrifying. But it's one of those things where I kind of understand it because there's so many people that are ambivalent that just don't care one way or the other. And I get that if this is something that I can do that will help people feel safer, I'll do it like that's fine. And you know, it, it technically helps if I am sick and I'm coughing into my mess. It helps, right? But I'm not and you know, it's, I
get it
Well there's two different, there's two different like theories of thought behind what we can do to get rid of the virus and one of them is outlasting it. Like enough people become immune and those are the people that are going outside. If they become, you know, they can fight off of it, then the virus won't have any hosts to attach to that kill it off, right? So it will die. And I think that's why like it's so big about why they're like don't go near people that are at risk and have respiratory infections and then you autoimmune diseases and stuff like that. And then the other one is the one that's just so it's going so slowly and I again, like you said, I don't have the medical understanding to possibly comprehend. But the other one is to come up with the vaccine to get people to be able to kill off the virus and fight off the virus. Even if their bodies can't naturally do it or they haven't been exposed to it And that's the one that's just taking them forever and,
No.
well I think the problem with that is that they also don't I've been I've been reading a lot up on the a lot about the tests that they're trying to roll out for the virus. And the problem is the government's been like just slowing down. So the thing is they have there are two types of tests. One of them is to test for active viruses in your body to see if you currently have it. The other is to test to see if you had it and you fought it off. The problem is the government and the C. D. C. We're stopping individual labs from creating their own tests. And the problem with that is it's because they couldn't be FCC. Er I think it's easy FDA whatever tests because they didn't go through the government. But the problem is the government was taking so long with the labs were saying we can do this before you can in an effective way. And then because of the government trying to come up with these tests they were using all the resources to make them so that the labs visual labs by the time they got permission to make their own tests they didn't have the resources to do it. They became super scarce. So the problem now is any of the tests right now on the market are not F. D. A. Approved. It's what
those yet they're not FDA
approved.
Come on
My theory is just that our governments really
shitty
What?
I have this
weird,
yeah I have this weird conspiracy theory and it's the only one that I've subscribed to you so far. And it's one that I just came up with in my head. But do you remember in october of last year had there were six deaths contributed or attributed to vapes that they were like like crazy like
rest.
The problem
is it was six people all of different age groups. All of different racial demographics. All using different types of vapes. All they've been different types of things. All with different uh like how often they shaped like one person had raped once in the last 30 days before they died. Well they regularly and I went and like the cts of their lungs did not match up whatsoever. And so some doctors were like, you can't really attribute it. And I went, hmm, what else came out a little bit after that? That was a respiratory infection that was causing these deaths. And I was like maybe it was in America longer than we thought it was.
jesus.
interesting,
interesting.
That's
that's the one. I think it, I think it's just that they don't want to admit how little they know and how little like they're prepared for things and I think that's just it's just humans that are just they have huge egos and their choosing their egos over the health and safety of regular human beings and I don't know. That's
just,
And it's like California has been in lockdown for like over three months. And like I'd like to think on the whole most of us are more than willing to do that other than the financial strain and burden that so many people are taking on
it.
Yeah. Then I I think so many people are willing to do it just because they're like, hey if less people die like that's a win, you know like I'll get look at my family if they don't die like thank you know.
I guess we'll hear you okay.
Oh I can
see.
we could finish up with you I think I think
yeah, it's a lot of burden for just the current the current status of the world is just, it's a lot to take on. Its.
So it's overrated let him know that shared
that
it is,
I went for two years and I dropped out and uh I'm in like $30,000 worth of debt and it's not going nowhere.
woman.
it
was great.
Make it
not
for that maybe.
Honestly,
I think, I genuinely think I would have been able to graduate if school had been like online, like it is now, but my problem was I have like a pretty bad depression and anxiety and it
often stop me from getting out of bed and going to class. But I had straight A's, you know, when I did show and I did the
work.
Okay. It should, yeah. I definitely think it should just, it should be weighted towards the students, not, you know, the tenure of the teachers, but how well they can reach
the
different
types
of lightening
divergence.
It's
More,
One
yes. Not to
mention,
yeah. Because they're not to even mention that the fact that colleges, it's like a class Um barrier to entry unless you can get
home as many financial scholarships and grants as you can. It's just if you, unless you're like me, you want to just take on 30 k debt, that's fine.
If
I think, I think like, I personally think those should, those types of scholarships should stay, but I think there should be more available to people that are in that barrier of class and of, you know, status and of like money because man, it takes someone really, really financially stable to put their kids fully through college without worrying
about
the
money.
Yeah. It's just, it's insane. It's
that.
What?
I feel that. Oh,
you know, honestly this made me feel better. I feel like we complained a lot, but I feel like it
made
me feel,
absolutely. It was great. It was great.
Good
work,
too.
Yeah. All right. It was great talking to Casey.
All right, Bye.