Hey.
let's see if that's is that better?
Okay, I may have um a switch
earbuds.
Um Do you want to start a timer? Yeah
mm
I'm
gonna go
I'm gonna go find some more earbuds. These are kind of war billy,
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh
yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay, let's see if that is that better? Mhm.
Okay. It still sounds very um sort of disjointed disconnected, somewhat
like
like
it's a bad connection.
Yeah. Yeah, I can't hear you at all. Mhm. Oh okay yeah. Nothing. Not yet. Nothing. Mhm. Oh darn I can't hear anything, I can't hear anything, no. Yes if I can you hear me? Okay, you can hear me and you can see me but I can't hear you Yeah, okay maybe without airpods still can't hear. The video got really pixilated there for a second. Mhm. Yeah. Oh man, do you want to try to go out and come back in maybe? Oh
what?
Yes, oh my gosh,
I can
hear you
Yeah. Okay, let me see if I can do this with your pods that in my entire house. Have to hear. Mhm. Here, okay, hey,
let's start
that again, how you doing?
I'm good, I'm good. So where are you, are you like east coast, west coast? Where?
I'm in michigan.
Yeah it's fine, it's supposed to be on. Yeah yeah
so
I am right near Detroit. So yeah, so michigan is sort of shaped like a hand and so I'm down here. Yeah, yeah
I've
done here
well cool, it's it's good, it's starting to get cool um and the leaves are changing colors, there's a lot of yellow and red leaves now um and so it'll start raining a little more than getting cooler and yeah, getting
ready
for winter. Yeah, it's nice.
Um We were doing really, really well, I don't know how much you've heard about the governor of michigan.
Oh, it's awful. So she's been very strong about going with science and you know, this is what the science tells us and so we have very definite stages of being shut down and when our cases and the positivity rates are at certain amounts, that's what happens. Um The problem is recently, I mean, we were down to statewide out of what 10 million people having, you know, 300 cases a day. Um we're now back up to about 1200, a day and our kids, there are lots of kids who aren't in school yet, but the kids that are going back to school, like in college and high schools, they're testing positive and shutting down schools. I mean it's a nightmare.
Some are
yeah, some private schools, um the public schools where I live are online but they just started going two days a week. So you go in person on monday, your home on Tuesday, you go in person on Wednesday.
exactly. So it's been it's been really it's been hard. So my husband works in texas and so he came home for the summer, he's leaving again this weekend to go back to our apartment there to kind of work and then come back home. But he hasn't been there because it's been worse there than here. And my son who is a freshman in college is taking classes from our basement. Yeah, so I am apparently the worst freshman biology lab partner there is because everything I touch I screw up. So yeah, so we're doing biology lab in our kitchen. It's been interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. It's been it's been very weird like they're these little experiments to do and then he has to get together with um black partners you know over like a zoom meeting or something and then they compare their notes and one of the things we had to do is measure something with radishes and we had to blend these radishes and you know take some measurements and whatnot. And our our data was like twice what everybody else is was and I'm like I don't know are there different kinds of radishes? There's refresher irs or not? I have no idea but irish were the only one in the group that were just wrong.
yeah it has been kind of fun. I mean I you know it's been
while
since I've
met.
so
well okay so he shut down in March of his senior year in high school and so like they missed prom, they miss graduation. They just all these things. And then so for his freshman year in college, he's home, you know, which isn't terribly exciting. But I think the thing that's helpful with that is that it wasn't his sophomore year, so he doesn't
know what it's like to be in
a dorm. He doesn't really know what he's missing.
So,
you know, it's I think it's okay and all of his friends are in the same are in the same boat, so, you know, they're going to school and then getting together on the weekends, you know, sort of like they've done for a couple of years. Right. Yeah. He's not the only one. So it's
been very strange.
Yeah. So are you from Hawaii?
All
right. Okay. So it's what, 10:00 AM,
First thing in the morning. So how how is covid are you restricting people that can come and go or what is going on?
What?
where
there's breaking up a little bit there, there are lots of cases, but they're also pockets, so, and I was wondering if there were pockets, like, you know, if one island has a really bad problem, but it doesn't escape its little pocket.
Okay. Because I know in the parts of michigan that are more rural, um, they don't have the same problems and they aren't, they aren't following the guidelines. Like, um, I went for a drive this weekend in a rural area and stopped, you know, at a gas station and went in to get something to drink. And I was the only person wearing a mask was really
it was weird. Whereas you know here in the city everyone does.
I did. Yeah. That's good. So in the beginning like april March april did you guys have this same strange shortages of things like we couldn't get bleach, we couldn't get toilet
paper.
We
Oh my gosh.
Yeah. It was we couldn't get yeast because everybody started baking bread at home.
Of. No.
It's it's still been strange here like the things that we just don't have and I can't think of anything at the top of my head but you know going to the store and you look and here's a whole empty shelf and you're like well that doesn't make sense like right now um pumpkin because you know it's october and people are starting to bait. We can't we can't get pumpkins,
the fruit, the big fruits but we can't get it can like for making
pumpkin pie yet we don't have it for
some reason.
Yeah.
it's it's very weird. Very very weird.
Um It acts go ahead. One of the things that I had trouble finding early um with spam.
it does. It's um I mean isn't that sort of the like the official meat of hawaii?
that's
it's so funny because it's yeah but I think hawaii it's more per capita than any other state.
Yes. Oh my gosh it's so good.
So good.
It's spam sushi. Yeah. Yeah it's it's really good. I actually um we went on an RV trip, Gosh eight years ago when my kids were little and we went to austin Minnesota which is where spam is made. And so there is a spam museum and it and it's just like, you know any other museum and it talks all about spam and they have all the flavors and they have mean it's just it's crazy but it was a lot of fun.
But yeah.
Oh my gosh, there's there's of course one with pineapple, there's one with jalapeno, there's one that's baked and there's one yeah.
yeah, yeah, it's super salty,
Yeah,
it's
yeah, it's good. I I think the thing that we do with it most is make fried rice, you know, so yeah.
Yeah. So I don't know why I just thought about that, but yeah, spam but that was the thing that we could not find for ages because we were, you know, I'm not really sure how and we were totally locked down. We couldn't leave the house, basically. And so I'm like all right, this you know, we won't starve and we couldn't find it, it was gone, so.
How how are things looking for the election? Do you guys get sort of forgotten because I know here were considered a battleground state and so every commercial on tv or radio is you know, a political ad.
It's it's crazy here because it's non stop ads and you know, it
it's very tiring, you know, very tiring where and we've started voting already. I got my absentee ballot and I turned it in last week.
So yeah, it'll be it'll be interesting but it's very it's definitely different. The city is very much biden territory in the suburbs. Then when you get out in the rural areas it's very trump.
True. True.
it'll be it'll be very it will be very interesting. I'll be glad when we're done.
yep. Let's hope that remains.
hopefully. I mean hopefully we will get someone who acts like a grown up because it's I that's the thing that I realized that I missed was someone who acted like an adult in charge.
Well what are the things that has really sort of chapped my butt is we're getting a political ad right now that's talking about how wonderful it is that trump has had Covid and he's beaten Covid and so he's leading because he's had Covid and you're like, seriously, okay. I don't
yeah, it's crazy. It's a little crazy making.
Mhm. Right. Well and I'm hoping, I'm hoping it will be, I'm
hoping
it
will be to the to the point where he can't contest anything.
Did
did she get confirmed this afternoon? I haven't looked
It's it's very I I think I read something that said that you know that she basically marched through the doors that women like ruth Bader Ginsburg opened and then she's going to slam those doors shut behind her and I'm like that's a good image.
I think she is frightening.
Good old boys club.
That's not a prerequisite, but okay,
well now we know how he feels about this, so. Yeah.
And I don't see how as a society we were becoming more inclusive and more open and more diverse, how you can just be running back to things that didn't work.
It
well and you know, to make it this moral thing, I mean I one of my sisters in law had was pregnant and had like all kinds of problems with her pregnancy and so she had to terminate
within the second trimester. And she was treated so horribly by the hospital staff because they, you know, I mean it's a medical procedure but they thought that she was doing this because you know, well she just didn't want to be pregnant and it's like no, she's carrying a baby that's not viable. We need because she's older we need to terminate the pregnancy immediately so she can get pregnant again. And it was just it's like this is a medical procedure, this isn't a moral thing. Why are you treating her so badly? It was it was very sad.
Very very sad. So.
It is depressing. It is depressing. So is it what, 78 there today? Isen't it always like 78°??
Oh yeah. I remember that. I grew up in on the coast in south Carolina and so like for Mother's Day to Halloween, you know her Mother's Day to Labor Day? It's always just uh it's
oppressive.
Uh It is it's terrible.
Oh you just feel dirty in that kind of humidity.
Yeah. You want to especially where?
Yeah. When you can't get cool to go to sleep when you're just hot and sticky. Yeah. That's awful. Oh not good. Not that at all. Um All right. Here's a weird question. So like first thing in the morning, do you guys get like the Today show Good morning America from earlier in the day
on television?
Just
Because that's one of the things because when my husband's in texas, he's in central time and so our like morning news is slightly like an hour off, so
Oh, do we have we had our limit.
are okay. All right, well, good. Well, enjoy the rest of your questions and have a great day now that here at the beginning and I'm like winding down at the end.
we
will.
All
Great.
Good talking to you. Bye. Bye.