obviously. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, I don't deserve that. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Do you want to take this? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, how are you?
Yeah, that works. Yeah.
This
is like,
yes,
I were 20 or
20,000
in.
Time over 25 minutes. Okay.
25 minutes and 20. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
I'm
kind
of
Oh, maybe that disconnect right. In Kiev, which further
could
you help me
go?
There
you go. That's great.
Hi
there.
Good. I'm doing good carbon. I'm starving. Um Yeah, I'm doing good. How are you?
Um, I'm in the middle of the ocean. I mean, who in who? I can see the the bush cash. What about you? Nice
night. Uh, It's your video on. Is that your post? Okay.
Okay.
Yeah. In michigan when michigan
How are
you liking
it there?
I'm jealous
of that.
how's covid doing over there? Yeah,
yeah, that show terrible,
Our schools in person then? Okay,
that's shine, yeah,
I guess that's good, but I feel like you still have the same issue of just a lot of people together, mixing and every person you, every additional person you have, you're increasing the chances of everyone. Mhm
as unique, definitely. Weather information labs,
that sounds like a fun lab though,
this his
first
year
of college then? That
is unfortunate.
What,
what,
ignorance
is splash
no,
it's definitely, yeah. Group planning community. Mhm
Yeah, for most of my life, curl, everything that mattered, he said
sorry,
yesterday's yeah, yeah. Uh
yeah, I um Hatchet been mushing around early. Um You're back in mulch, back about in april a lot of place. Shit which baking, who
were a that whole time basically had no cases, we had to take wide the cases because we are basically closed off community if you travel, people can get in and but that also is kind of a bad thing because you're kind of closed off community. So it's almost like if everyone, there's only so many people shot one person has it, everybody is going to get, that's what's happening now. Show. For the first five months we had maybe 200 cases total maybe last now we have over 300 cases day. Mhm. Just on our small island. So now it um we're doing good with this check change everywhere you go garbage lee, which is that I'm in michigan. I know they should out the car.
Thanks smith.
Okay. I'm kind of a Gi one you consider population. All the islands are about equal show like, so why who? Um the capital island has a ton of people like me is a big city. So a big city is going to have a lot of cases, but when you can show the population it's about equal. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think that all of what I it's behind. I didn't show any business needs mask no matter worked, which is good.
Scarlett
take
bit everyone. Yeah. Yeah.
I think it was even amplified for us because we are kind of line locked. Okay. They can't just drive in some stuff. You need a big shipping container. So yeah, we had a big shout to j funny things to like potatoes people. Okay.
Yeah, we needed your artist. Someone actually have always tell out of the east, I think.
that we are like that out, but it's difficult to find. Yeah.
No.
Well, yeah.
All
right. I know. Yeah, but she was even to the extreme because last weekend I went to buy stuff for pumpkin pie. There was no pumpkin makes, no um
bunched milk and no sugar. Mhm.
I guess.
uh huh. I mean, shit has a long shelf life. True.
My gosh, I don't wear Sunday long impression of Hawaii. We do not just each time 24/7. Yeah. No,
but
yeah, that's, that sounds about have you ever had a musubi?
Those
are
spell
out the flavors of spam.
jeez, I didn't even know. I don't each pound too much though, I've had it maybe twice in the past, you know
and okay, it's kind of like a sausage except good. Yeah,
it's
good but
with some pineapple way to go.
I feel like our state kind of mashed out because we did the lockdown why to shoot back in april everyone locked down. But there is no Kasich on the island show. It worked to be fair we didn't have an but realistically we didn't need a lockdown if we locked down right now it would be super helpful but nobody wants to do that the case. No. No.
Oh wow. That's show our yeah, we were with the um vote and we are I think the most blue state in the nation either ash of a month anyway, like I don't think there's been a year or so that we haven't voted for blue president joe It's
We're nod.
that's great.
Yeah that's kind of the that's the United States basically described
you have you have a few cities that are a little bit republican but those are out and inside the motion just like
ill hook God it's close and it's uh yeah it's very close. I mean like but I did it in the lead technically.
Mhm. Yeah it's tough to predict. Hopefully we can vote came out
Yeah, definitely. There should be like a leader. Okay. That whatever he is.
Yeah. It's God
it's kind of sad that it's still show competitive though like Yeah it shouldn't be Elijah slide.
it
still
does.
Yeah, if it's even close in the slightest. He's going to contestant now practically owns the Supreme Court if this nice and
go,
I don't think so. But I don't know what can be done and
She might be his worst one yet to be honest.
Biggest like garbo show his initial amani watch it good, But he was probably the best one. He's at least somewhat murdered, Cavanaugh's bad. No, to act about it.
God, he likes Bell. Yeah,
it's good now. Yeah.
But she's just terrible. I feel like she's against everything. Yeah. She said the anti r would she be and
Yeah. And uh yeah it's odd and it always surprises me, doesn't make sense to me that like for example, she could be against a bullshit. What does she as a woman? Yeah. Have
for limiting her own age.
What?
definitely.
And it's sad it felt like all the progress made in recent years, like the roe V wide and you know, all the line mark decisions. Can I just be, it's not up to you and that's depressing. Mhm.
Oh God. I wish right now, which may be 85 a show, but you have humidity, Which is bad. So I think last night it was like 80% humidity.
They
should.
It's worse than a dry tea in some odd way. I like a desert heat is unpleasant. That humidity is gross. Like.
definitely. Especially
especially at nighttime. Yeah. Yeah. Hey.
I actually
never had television. Um
I've completely grown up by thinking they're streaming. Yeah. So like as young as I can remember, I've had netflix and HBO you never actually elevation show should be kind to that.
I know I could speak to, we get tv shows slightly earlier. It's at the same time, but for us it girls earlier. Well anyway, I think that's about 25.
It's not limit but in
Yeah. Have a good evening I guess so. Have a
good
afternoon.
Let's talk to
you.