wow. Yeah. Oh, what? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Hi.
Uh huh. I'm gina,
daisy, Nice to meet you.
So where are you?
Where are you from?
I'm in Ohio. So
yeah, I've been to Kentucky. What part of Kentucky are you
from?
I'm okay. I live up in like the Akron
Cleveland area, so in Northeastern.
Ohio,
so
yeah, I think we're supposed to talk about whatever, so
I'm 45 hours to you.
Okay. Do your kids?
But
that's cool. Are they enjoying their summer with everything that's going on?
Thank
you.
Yeah. So she's not going to be going to school then or is
it online or?
it's
Yeah. That's awful. She able to see like friends and stuff or are they not really doing that? Oh, that's good.
But
Okay. Oh she working, is she working somewhere?
But she does what?
Oh, she does. Right,
that's
Am I what?
I can, yeah,
pretty much.
You
got great. You've got breaking all of a sudden.
city
you
work?
I said do you work somewhere?
It is. No.
Yeah. Odessa is a hard work.
Okay. But Oh my gosh.
So how do you, how do you manage the heavy packages?
but
Yeah, that's super heavy.
So how long have you been doing that?
Do you like it though?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I work for a company. So I'm basically like a manager, I'm a regional manager. So I have 11 district managers that are underneath me. So I have from like Ohio to Maine um that I'm responsible for, so a lot of traveling. But I mean with everything that's going on, we're not really, we're not traveling and we do the in store demonstrations. So we're past the people
that pass out samples and stores. It's um, so with a lot of states aren't allowing, you know, samples to be distributed. So
it's just kind of really turned our industry kind of upside down. So it's been a little bit crazy here. Um, you know, since all this has happened with coronavirus, so,
everyone.
Do you see a lot of that coming through?
Thank
you.
All
I don't it's okay with me. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I think we just kind of what, you know, whatever you normally do. So, um, so you said you've done one of these before, you started to say something
about
the last
one you did
how?
wow. How long ago was that? Was that recently?
Oh, it is. So what time do you get home?
is that good? Is it like mandatory? Do you have to do the overtime
or did
they give you a trip?
But
How many,
how many people do they have doing what you do?
So
but
pragmatic
Something.
But it
Oh gosh that's a lot of people.
So you go
it
you were masked you were mess all day there. Yeah
that was that hard. No.
no
So the is it easier with the face shield then?
Come on. Really?
Is it
What?
does it get all fogged up? I would think like when you're breathing it would get fogged up.
Good.
Yeah I mean whatever works for you. I haven't tried one of those. I mean I see like you know um you know like when I went to the dentist and he had one um and I've like seen them but I don't I don't know anybody that has one that they were so I wasn't sure how that was, you know, comfort wise because yeah, I mean I wear a mask everywhere but like I don't really, it's not that enjoyable. I have a couple that seemed to be better than others but some of them are really hard to breathe in so
I think you have to find the right one,
now?
Yeah, that stinks. I don't yeah, I mean honestly I think the ones that are just like the medical mass that are just like you know blue that kind of go around your ears um that are like disposable, those seem to be pretty easy to breathe in as far as you know, because I bought a whole bunch of different ones and it seems like those seem to be pretty easy to breathe in.
What,
Because they were
good.
So what, so like you get back home, you said like 20 anywhere between like 3 30 like 5 30 or whatever.
So
then what time, what time do you get up then, like now, like this
timer?
So what's the what do you think are the best things to do online for extra money?
that's
great. So what do you,
what do
you do for them?
that's cool.
that's neat.
That's
Yeah. Yeah, that's nice.
Yeah, I've done a I've done a project for Apple before, um but you know like a lot of them are like shorter term. I know they have some that are like longer term projects. I did one that I didn't like at all. It was like search engine, um like radar. So you had, it was like a lot of like political ads, you know, like political ads and you'd have to like do research to see whether it was like, you know, facts or whether it was not true and it seems like that would be fun. But like, I didn't think that was that fun.
I
didn't
like it.
that's nice.
Well,
that's
Well that's great though. I mean it really does. I mean I know like just from like the little things that I've done, it definitely adds up so
Oh, that's
I'm sure she really appreciates that.
Yeah. It's fun when they're little because their clothes are so cute, it's just like oh
what's his name?
Oh that's a cute name.
Oh that's exciting. So she lived close by to you then
so
you can
see him pretty often.
Oh that's nice.
Well
that's
good
though,
it's
probably hard. I mean did you work nights before or is this like is this was it new like when you start ups to work the night?
So when do you do you get to see him like on weekends? Do you have your weekends off or like when
do you get
to
sometime?
Well that's good. I mean it's so hard. That is hard. Like when you're kind of like on opposite shifts like that.
Yeah. That's tough.
Yeah I can imagine that would be really hard. I just think it would be hard just um you know like getting used to like sleeping during the day and then being up all night. Did
it take you a while to get you?
you're just tired. Yeah.
Well
that probably makes that probably makes a big difference though because you're doing a physical job. So you know like if it was a different type of job, if you were having to sit at a desk or something and probably be easier to, like you said to fall asleep, if you're constantly going, going going it's probably a little bit easier.
Yeah. Oh gosh. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's super physical and like you said it's like hot so you're sweating and
probably losing walk,
I would have a really hard, I don't know,
I don't like to be I mean I don't have air in my house, it's super hot in my house. Um
but it's miserable in my house. I can't imagine like having to work in that all day, you know what I mean? Like that's like the, like the one nice thing, it's like if I, you know, if I travel anywhere and like at least like, like in a hotel that has air or like in the stores, like there's air, you know, it's like, you know, it's kind of like you want to go to work because there's air conditioning because I don't have air in my house, so I
don't know
how
you
do
it.
Yeah. Gosh, I don't know. That'd be that'd be tough. Is it real cold? Like in the winter, was it like cold in there in the wintertime or
No,
it's still hot.
Are
they
correct?
What?
wow. Yeah, I bought one of those and like I used it one day and I'm like, I can't tell if this is really working and then like, like you said like it when it dried up it just makes a big
hard
like,
like, you know,
and I was like okay. And I'm like, am I supposed to keep it wet all the time? I wasn't really sure. And then I was thinking the other day I should try that again because it's so warm.
Yeah. I don't know. I wouldn't do that stuff. Sounds really heavy. So you have one day where you have to work during the day, you said like on Sundays
you work
during
the day?
So does everybody have to do that on like on Sundays or?
maybe.
Huh wow. You know keep working there, do you like it?
Yeah I mean it sounds like it's really hard.
Does it pay well?
So
that's great.
That's
always
good to know.
I mean the benefits sound great.
yeah. So do they let you like pick what you want to go back to school for
or does it have
to be something like particular?
That's great. Yeah, definitely. I would take advantage of that too.
But
that's awful,
Yeah that's awful.
Well I think what's at
again?
That's awful,
wow. I think we did our time
Thanks that I went
toward the
house
it
was very shocking. Yeah I have a great day, enjoy the rest of your summer.
Okay take care.
Okay bye bye.