I'm trying to do my hair and burglary. I'm
Stacey nice
to be 80.
I'm
Kentucky. I've
been there. Uh
I
like Louisville.
I
mean
before we just
you know whatever it does.
How do you? Oh.
I'm 37.
Yeah I have three of my 18 year old a 13 year old and a 10 year old. He'd like to get come
running in here at any point.
Uh my 18 year olds not
she's
because she was due to go to college and graduating all that news all this is mixed it up. So
this,
yeah I'm not sure at the moment the college things she didn't
get to do a graduation for a senior year. So it's all placing your photos were all messed up. All of it sounds pretty bad for I hate it.
she wears on my asking those
and sees when she stays with her boyfriend. I don't like that She's 18 so I got to just swallow it. I guess. She's not, to me it's gonna be my baby. She's my firstborn. So
juris A. J. C. Penney.
She worked at J. C. Penney.
might turn this volume
if I don't know. I hope you don't mess with. I don't know if I should tell you you're not, my computer is not very good. Can you hear me okay? I know where to go.
I said can you hear me okay?
Some
is Logan I don't know what it is. I'm closing. It goes so here's what I'm talking about
it.
It's just that's what he wants to last
time I
give
you. Uh huh. You know me up?
Yeah I'm a package handler. You piss it's pain it hurts
it makes everything you knew heard every day.
Oh yeah I looked like anywhere from it can be £2 to 250 so
And I only weighed 95 lb so I can't get. No way.
Uh Well we got conveyors that come to us and we lift them up all the live part that very carefully
please. Like side by side visible heavy. Or I get the boys out there are the girls, one of them uh whatever's easier at the moment, It's above 1.30. I just want to get somebody.
Yeah, it's real heavy. Uh huh.
Uh Since february do you work?
Uh Some days someday know much.
Ok.
yea
it has to do. It's a mess. We're the ones doing all the transport
for all the mask and test or so called test or vaccinations, Whatever they were doing were kind of transporting it. Doing it also.
Oh yeah, It's like 98% of what I mean, that amazon
amazon
is one of our best customers. I guess. I'd love to smoke during
the video. I don't know.
I'm grateful for that. I didn't know if where it was like tobacco or so we were allowed to you or I don't know.
I
started
to
good. The person never showed up. Okay.
So I just sat there for the five or 10 minutes. I sat there for 30 minutes because I like to do a computer. I didn't know because people run like him. I just sat there and I just turned off eventually. I don't know.
Uh, a month ago. I think I just got up because I work all night. My job night. Yeah,
Anywhere from 3 30 to 5 in the mornings. We used to not go into almost midnight. We've been going in at 9:50 now. So we've got like overtime lately. But we call
All
its
story. It's with their job. You don't work more than 3-5 hours because it will kill you.
It's my kids why they don't work is longer than that. I know I'm about rick.
You will not get off right?
Uh Right. A bunch too many accounts. There's like well I working at the world port that's up here in Louisville. It's the biggest
in the world nationwide. So it's right in the middle of Louisville Airport. So that's where all the biggest of all of them combined.
So there's a lot but I mean where can just like spaced out so like we have to wear mask. It takes two
buses to get to the building that I work in actually from the part where I parked my car. It takes two buses to get to the building. That's just my wing. And there's like
25-50 different
other wings. There's over five dozen people out there. So
yeah and we were mad
about
this and up there.
I don't
yeah, I can't breathe. I wear my mask on the bus and until I get to my can and then I put a face sugar because
where I smoke, I can't breathe, I just can't.
extremely.
The only thing that sucks with
a shield is it's real hot across your forehead. A juice where you sweat where you're going so fast and working it. I'm always using alcohol across my forehead now where I had been keep there's no one to keep the sweat in my head to keep it from running in my face and keep
it from getting on that iphone or whatever it is. A cost from there.
It sometimes it just depends how hot it is in there but I keep mine lifted up kind of And in the front I'll pull it forward just a little bit when I met my can by myself, I raise it up,
I can breathe but if anybody comes within 10 ft I'm just covering my face. I just, I can't work in the mass myself. I'm like the only one on my whole row that wears the shield. Everybody has. Yeah, they don't like the shield. I'm not, I don't care what they think.
Just bank
$10 on a mask from ebay that had like it's supposed to be a breathing mouth and it's supposed to be easier to breathe on them. Don't wait for, you know, say they know better.
No.
They gave us one of those to start with and then the air pieces break soon as you put it on and then they give us we have a union up there just called the teamsters. They gave us one as ups and got the teamster 89 on it. It's hard to breathe And back before it got mandatory always wore mine around my 10 point so it stretched out so it's to be but the one I just bought, it's adjustable but I still can't breathe in it and I want to start working because once I start working I won't
stop until it's time to leave. Is it going to sleep? I have
because I'll end up going to sleep. Yeah, my sleep I do a lot of freelance stuff online to earn extra money so
I'm not getting to sleep and I'm supposed to get so by the time I get there is just I worked a lot before I go to it. Mhm.
Every
morning
from
10 to 12 in the morning. And then I'll do a bunch of stuff online all the way up until in other words, thank you rob.
Uh Beta testing is what I make a lot of money firm. I do a Lion Bridge. I recommend I work for them a lot. They pay me about, I get paying anywhere from $5200 a week just from them. Then I
do
get me
in.
Um I write add them on social media access er and then uh this top and mobile raider. I just like the great Landing pages. Like if somebody searches giraffes, judge whether that page has enough information about drafts, if it has the name,
it ladies right? If it just different tastes like that. Or I compare side by side uh slides like PowerPoint slides to see what the differences are, they're made, right? They can pass or I mean it's different things.
And then Apple dot com, they give you a bunch of different assignments to do. Like you do the rating type thing I do for line bridge or you do surveys and you get paid from them monthly. Yeah, I do beta testing and user testing in between.
Pretty good man gets on my side shopping menu
except.
that's kind
of what
line
bridge, but without the it's not some political and stuff like that is the at that rate I can do that in maybe six minutes on my mobile. I always do that on the bus from the parking lot to work because I always like I always the last minute thing, so I spoke to them through the day And that just, that guarantees me anywhere from $40 to $50 a week that's without me.
That's guaranteed. But now here lately, like last night they sent me a test to where I just get on my IOS, my iPhone and my android and I just type some sentences. I'll get paid $50 for that. They always had opportunities for that. And then I beta test and do the user tests and all that stuff in between.
I've always got money coming from somewhere I liked it and I was, yeah, I wouldn't feel
like a really bad depressed kind of period and I started getting online and making money and it's become like I have it, I have to make something every day or I just don't, I won't quit go day without making something. I'm not happy.
Oh yeah, it adds up big time. I had a whole separate account for that and I give my checking account with my husband's and pay the bills and do whatever with that. Then we always have all my money for because I get my son he's ever backing, which just about if possible. And then I'm I become a shopaholic you, I like to get online and buy whatever I like buying stuff for other people. Like my friend, she was pregnant. All her son's baby closes off for me.
We don't really have nobody else. So I bought a new stuff every day.
she just, she loves it. And to see him in it now just pick up me. I love it. That boy owns myself a little baby does Mind 10 years old and he's wearing a size 14. He's not a baby anymore.
Thank you gorgeous little boy. And from the moment I went and held him at the hospital. He I told my husband he owns myself. I can't help it. He's all of a computer and my phone
that since
greedy a little bit.
He
lives
up
five minutes away. Oh yeah. I either see
message senior. I'm at her house that she's the only friend I got.
I
don't
go
out much. I go to work. It's about the only place I go. She
had.
No I've worked ever since about seven years ago when I did third shift pretty much short nights. But we only have one vehicle. So when I come home my husband he believes he knows the work that part. I'm like that. But that's what we have to do while we're Only got the one car. Mhm.
And
I
worked
sunday during the day and then monday to thursday I work at night. So I get my days off for friday and saturday. But he works friday. So I get from friday night to uh sunday morning with.
Yeah. It's putting a damper on our marriage is you can tell it it does.
Sometimes we work through sometimes it causes these issues.
That's
the hope. Last time you get off work there, you just sleep, you got to do it,
stay
and help.
I got enough work that's for sure that keep you wide open. It's like by the time I go out there and get you can off the plane and unloaded, there's another one coming. It's just I mean, I'm so soaked in sweat, you can bring my clothes out every night. I brought £25 since I've been there and I can't get nothing. Like this morning. I was online looking up stuff again. I'm because my husband was like, you're listening too much weight your faces thinking and I'm like, shut up, that don't help.
It's
like 150° in there. And then you got that face mask on. It's suffocating. It's miserable.
It's
One off
I know I want
when
I
get
on
the bus coming out because it's always super cold but it don't take but a couple of seconds where I'm soaked in that sweat, just start freezing.
No
ma'am.
It's still extremely hot. I was able to wear pants at least. But now I wear shorts. They're terribly short. Which I like to
anyway.
But you can't wear like that where the priest that they're they're rolled up as high as I can get him before within minutes because
it's just so hot. And I got
a rag one of those rags to get real hard when it's dry. But when you waited it because I was just using like regular eggs and my shirt was getting super soaked, just dripping all over the place. So I went on amazon and found those and their God think yeah, I love them. I don't get so long to come in.
and
did real
knowledge
you can't move it.
I like it helps cool me off a little bit if I didn't use that ragged around my neck because I'll take it and tuck the ends under my bra straps right where my headphones. I got all kinds of stuff going on at the top. But if I did not pass out It's so hot, I would end up passing out where I'm over here. I'm not like those 20 year old petey bothers is what I call. I can't run around there and sweat like that and be like and just work, I can't do it. I wanted to stand around and be on my phone like they do. I just I have to go and keep going kids, I can't do that. But they're all young, can just throw stuff up on the computer and I'm like, I've had it buddy.
On
that
day
now on Sundays I load the feeders is what we call them, the big rigs. The big trucks go out, I stay in the dark truck all day, loading stuff off kinberg. I hate Sundays with a passion one because it's morning and I'm not a morning person but you're in there by yourself all day and it's dark and it's hot, it's so hot in the back of those and I'm short stuff getting stuff stacked up high usually comes back down on my head. Uh Just uh.
Alright. It works on sunday. He does. Yeah but I mean there's there's that shift and then there's a monday friday shit and that each day has
been morning and night shift. So the other day there clubs saturday, they're not closing any. They but christmas. That's it.
I don't know
It's
hard on me like I'm used to working 12 hour shifts six days a week at other jobs. But that was on my feet at the most that hurt me. This is the first like extreme physical job I've ever had. It's a little different but this can be my future if I stay with it, that will pay for me to go back to school. Uh your health insurance 100%. Um you get a pension get for one cane gobs and gobs
benefits that I don't even, I can't even explain them on, it's like five pages. So and I get all that.
So I've already got a union and I already got accidental death and disperse man. Like if I die and get torn apart they cover it.
I got
that
Sora 1K. Already. But this is and I'm gonna at least work through it until I get my husband. He needs some teeth and my I need to get mine fixed where I've lost a lot of weight so they need adjusted. So at least until I get those two things that I'm going to speak and probably until I get
I'm gonna try to go back to school because I did that before and it didn't go through. So I'm gonna try to get that and let them pay for it to by then hopefully I'll be used to it. I can stay
uh they have different
like
three different colleges that offer different things that they paid for. Well two of them they pay for 100% and the other they pay for a 7%.
Yeah because I'm like 170,000 and get already from trying
to go to school before a school that got closed down that wasn't accredited. So I owe that much and I don't have anything that I can benefit from that was like four years wasted in my life. So I want to get
any of that other than them taking my taxes every year. It's about the only thing I get from all that. So
yep. Thanks very hard and
it's hard on my current like I can't get
none
of that
every well when it's nice
but
I'm
still
done.
You do. Thank you
me to you. Thank you,