Hi.
Oh no worries, no worries. Um
Done this one more tat like one time before. Ah I think I successfully had a conversation with somebody but it wasn't until like three times I'm like oh
like
I try yeah it took a few times before someone showed up so it's always like a surprise and I remember I have so much clutter in my background so I apologize.
for sure. What's your name?
Hi, nice to meet you editor. I'm Michelle.
just
diving right in
Or how is your day?
How about?
Oh but it was ok. Yeah I didn't um I work outside a lot. Um so we've been pretty busy at work um So it's been kind of nice to get some reprieve with the rain. Um I live on the east coast so it's
What's that?
just
kind
of
sporadic. Yeah it's just kind of like that dull like gross early winter rain. Yeah.
No not often
but
yeah it's it's been nice is it? I guess like we've been pretty busy so to be forced to stay in the office and finally catch up on some stuff has been I think I think so. I used to live in south to southern California. It's um very different from south Carolina.
Oh gosh. Um I feel like it's they're so different like there's a lot of things I met I
lived in you know um so many things about
that place but there's also
in san Diego.
very expensive like so yeah I was just support college students so
long
time ago. But
no no I grew up in Iowa thing kind of fun to have that opportunity to, to move around the country see new places.
Yeah it's like reverse culture shock when I moved. Okay.
Right. It's
My father lived not too far from there. So have you been there your whole life for?
Very cool.
I like riverside.
Yeah. Yeah. Well you could be in the mountains and the desert and beach in Mexico. Yeah
I went to, you just crossed the border and just keep driving like I didn't really stick around Tijuana too much but
it's not really and it. Yeah.
Well
it's been
you
should
if
we're allowed, are
we
allowed
to go?
I
don't.
Yeah that's uh
it's a tough of time.
It's um my family is still in Iowa and I just saw headlines there that hospitals are full and they are starting to try to recruit nurses and stuff from other parts of the country. Like they're kind of been uh bad place right now.
It's just I think that's our well I guess in southern California the weather doesn't change too much, but for people you know older in the wintertime, like it's not even winter yet. And it's just what
a year Just
me.
That's actually
pretty
cool. That's pretty cold this time of year for you coming.
I know. The first, the first year I lived in San Diego, I thought it was hilarious, you know, dropped down to 65 and people are getting their mittens and their hats and the like, and I was just like ha ha ha. And then the next year I was right there with you get
out of your little temperature taller and stone and it's just uh huh.
We we do we do um I live in the upstate which is, I'm like two hours away from Atlanta and then like an hour away from
Asheville north Carolina, so we're kind of like right in the mountains. Um
So we get we get so a handful of times a year if that, but it never never sticks around it never outstayed his welcome.
I'm trying to think of the parks nearby. Is it Big bear? Big bear mountain? That's not far man. You should know if you can. Are those open?
Yeah that's pretty, my brother used to live in kalamata which isn't too far from riverside or I don't know if it's closer to san Bernardino that it is riverside but and it was so pretty out that's really
and
yeah they let you that way, you can just feel like I visited
the snow bam
touch
it
cold.
thank
you. That can make it pretty miserable. Right.
No. Yeah I used to work at it um The sporting goods store called Sports really? when I was a college, I thought it was so funny because people come in and spend like hundreds of dollars on like their ski clothes and I'm like you're gonna use it for like two hours and they're going to give up your new hobby and it's just gonna sit there for. Yeah but now you have a healthy respect for snow, you'll know what to get into and you know, I bet you'll have a better time than time you see it, you know
and into.
Yeah. They're kind of expensive too if I remember right? Yeah a little little awkward to put them on. You get the clay,
you just Youtube video and you'd be will be fun.
Oh yeah I'm trying to think is idlewild is that near near you? It's like
a little amount. Um That has
an
not
annoying.
I don't yeah it's like I d y I don't know how to spell it.
there's like little shops, kitschy shops and shops keys and you
can go up there and get you a coffee and. Mhm.
It would be
a fun danger. Really?
that's really oh it's a nice
sir
I said that's a really good service that you
that's it you
can do it. Mhm. I said you could do it. I know you can't.
I do remember it taking some time yeah to
wind through narrow roads and everything.
that is a really big service area wow.
And then all the traffic
who
trying to think that take you through was it huma the big town that's right on them
or that cotton dust storm there ones those are not I was terrible.
I didn't like it, I don't want to experience that again. It was just like this wall yeah there's a wall
that just kind of I saw like out of my rear view mirror and I'm like this thing is traveling faster than I am gonna just got bigger or
you
know there's all this like I can't believe I pulled over and I was just like this is girl, how is this real? It was something like out of a movie it was just
I was acting the mummy to like come out from. Yeah yeah
this
California is still on fire is it? But the winds and everything
is everything
calmed them?
that's happening right.
No.
okay. A couple of 1000 houses in there and couple tens of thousands of thousands I guess. Oh
It sounds like you guys look down.
we do. Um We don't, I mean by the time they get up here into the upstate they're kind of dissipated. Um But since that, I mean I used to live along the coast to
south Carolina and it happened but it's we've been lucky that it hasn't been a really really bad um I think actually I need to check the weather this week because I think Ada I think is coming through and it's our everyday, it's been a different weather. They
don't know how much rain we're gonna be. Yeah, usually just we get a deluge and then it just Actually last time we had one a couple weeks ago. Um But a lot of down trees and we were out of power for a couple of days. I don't know. Weird.
I think there was a few and I lived out there and I'm so clumsy I just thought I tripped on myself. I was like what? And then I didn't think I literally didn't think anything of it. And then um someone came running. Did you feel that? I'm like oh yeah I did.
they're
not
predictable.
They're not for yeah it's like any time
mm please of the
hurricane.
Yeah that's true. Do you remember that feeling reassured after a few weeks out there like realizing I'm like okay maybe I don't need to wear a helmet. I can't oh
there
it's definitely different coming from Iowa I was wasn't sure what to expect when I moved out there wow I like this place just burst into flames. Like what? Yeah there was some bad ones while I was there. Um I can see like the 100 ft flames careening over the mountain
next
to me.
san Diego State.
What's that?
Yeah. I definitely have had my choice of beautiful schools go to it in the States a little cheaper so I was like all right, good. Yeah,
that's cool. You said you're you're doing an internship soon, are you still in school? Are you in post graduate school?
Thanks.
That is so great. That's so cool.
that ST
it's
yeah, I'm not sure because often times they will be real vague and like maybe it's a different angle then then they tell you. Uh huh.
that's true. Yeah, and when I got stood up like three or four times or well I think it might have been at least two or 34 I was like maybe this is the study of like how
long I'm going to wait before I give up. Yeah, I was just kind of funny to kind of speculating
it's really,
Um I think it was no, I didn't think they were bad times. Like, I think that maybe it was just the luck of the draw, you know, I just happened. I think I tried in the morning on the weekends a couple of times and then like, early evening during the week. uh this is probably the latest time I signed up for, because it's, it's like after 10 my time right now. But
I was like, I'll just put that on there and see what happens and then we'll behold there like, we have a time for you said, okay her. Yeah. Had time to bottle my beer today and everything
I did today. Like, um, I brewed a stout a couple
weeks ago, so it's just time to A very primitive equipment, you know, five
gallon,
black, you know, tubes
and
body,
what's that?
Oh gosh, you know that's a good question because every time I this is probably the 5th, 5th or sixth batch I've brewed and time I've done it, it's been a different recipes. I
need
to like, yeah, we need to
do it
again.
definitely. Novice, like still trying to I guess, get the process used down, like just exploring which ones I'm having
the most fun brewing and what lasts longest because um
yeah, it turns out I thought I was going
to drink it a lot faster than I do, so
yep, five gallons.
Um So this batch um we finished Today, bottles, so
it's and mm
um No, this one is probably gonna be a little low percentage, I
just wanted something easy to drink and easy to make really. Um I wasn't ready to mess up a stout that'll really devastate me. Yeah. Mhm.
Um Not too long. This this one I fermented for I probably could have done it last weekend um But I just didn't have time like once it's done fermenting it, you kind of have a little wiggle room when you start the next step. Um So
yeah it was in the fermenter for about three weeks and since I bottle condition
ah then that will take another two weeks to get the
carbon
dioxide build
up and yeah not too bad is it compared to like wine or meat or anything back?
I
do get waiting is the hardest part really. It really is.
It's
fun
though.
I it's easy to to make off flavors if you're not careful but you're not gonna get sick you're just like
that doesn't really taste good. Why does that taste bad and then?
No.
that, that's more if you're distilling, like if you're selling alcohol like a moonshine that you might kill yourself, that stuff totally different process.
Don't do that.
You're supposed to help all these families. They need you.
that's okay. No. Well, that could be fun. Why? Yeah, I'm intimidated by that one because it's a longer wait now. No, I
think. And right, that's so cool. With your, your internship, like your profession. I'm excited for you. That's, we need you on
this
planet.
I think just the fact that you're worried about it, that you're concerned, I think if you wait until you feel you're ready, you're never going to be ready.
Got to get in there and interact with all those people behind the zoom meetings, you can
do
it
In a very calming presence about you, you'll be will be just fine.
Sorry. There was a noise
over here distracted me for a second. It was nice
to meet you, Nice to talk to you. Um Do you think we gave him enough time? Yeah.
With a late?
all right, well you take care. I think
we're good on time and go go see some snow and brews and beer. Look at that.
Thank you. You too.