Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mr Brown and Tourism. This is your room like, well, there's buying this table. Yeah. Look, okay, scared. Yeah. Memory still this residual pain as you feel that way. I keep wondering what if I disobeyed God. Oh, you have to have days most yours. I didn't have miracles. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah, that's it. Okay. Good.
Hi. Sorry, Sorry, I had you in a separate tab. That's fine.
hmm.
Like three
times, wow, that's probably
No, it's fine as you can see. I did. So, I mean goes northwest.
Uh my name is Edgar,
Nice to meet you Michelle. You know, I think I've done this. I've done this. I mean maybe like seven times 70 times and I don't think I've ever asked for their name. So I think this is the first time we're actually now. Yeah. Right, it's
fine.
Yeah, it's finally nice to have someone. So uh because with everyone else and I've had some interesting conversations and then I've also had my share of a non interesting one. So it just goes, it just depends. Mhm.
Oh my dad is super busy. I did so many, I just want stuff to that. But it was almost like just errands. How
about how about yours, Michelle?
Or east coast,
is it raining over there hard or how
is
it over
there?
I live in southern California, so can't say we get much of that here,
I suppose
it doesn't. Yeah.
What do you prefer?
What
I,
you said you didn't wear?
Yes. Well san Diego. Well, so yeah, Sandy was really nice.
Uh huh. I can
imagine.
Did you grow up in san Diego or?
Go. Yeah. It must be pretty, pretty big changes from Iowa to send you to south Carolina.
Yeah.
Because I don't know if you will know wherever dad, but I'm in riverside. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Thank you man. Hold my whole life.
I haven't really, I mean I've traveled but pretty much just been here my whole life.
Okay. Okay. There's so much to do. So that's that's the thing that I like the most living in southern California.
Yeah. Mexico next feel so much fun. I love going to Mexico.
No.
But mm I should
go,
I should
go
home sometimes.
It's been a while.
I
think
it's really,
I don't even know to be honest with you. I
don't even
know because things are pretty bad here right now. We we had gone down, we had gone back to uh we have different levels. We were like maybe like mid but then I just bite back up like a couple weeks ago
because because for Halloween, I thought we were I thought they were gonna bat Halloween here actually. But uh it didn't but even then I was outside trying to hand out candy. No one really shut up. Mhm.
Thank you. Mhm.
Down
I
know. Mm hmm. It hit I think 50 here yesterday and I thought it was freezing, but
I don't know. I don't even know how I can finish the sound like to uh
I love
you.
Yeah, it is it is it was freezing. Uh huh. Yeah.
That,
you do you guys get snow over there or no?
All
Uh
Okay. Because I don't know. It's been maybe like it's been it's been a while since I touched now. Like it's kind of wow.
I don't know. But it just it just knows because um the future that I drive to take to work, like it's you face it, you're facing big bear as you're as you're going on and the mountains are white right now. It's pretty nice. Mhm.
it's nice. It's nice. I should I should go then. I don't
know.
but
but I
just remember
the last time I actually touched. No, I was like, Wow. You know, it's nice and it was it was when I was in the 70 and the snow was falling but then an hour later I was I was over it. I didn't have the clothes, I wasn't ready for snow. I was just
freezing. Yeah, I was freezing. I don't know what I was thinking, man. I just took like regular sneakers, regular like khakis. So I was just freezing. I was just freezing
the whole part
because like just living here, you don't, you don't really ever buy like thick coats or anything like that, just light sweaters because you don't really need anything like, like you don't really need because you don't need a thick walk living in southern California, so
hopefully.
Hopefully. But I've never I've never driven into either. So that's, that's something else is china that's keeping me from going because I know you put chains on your tires, but I don't even know how you can put chains on tires. Then they really occurred to me. So I mean I probably just drive up to big bear and then they'd probably be like warning, put chains on your tires and it'll be like, well, well, I don't have any chains girl.
Mhm. I wouldn't even know to be honest.
yeah. I mean they make it so easy nowadays to so to learn anything. Oh
Cancer.
Robbie
might be
up in the
mouth at all. Well, idlewild
I don't know. I know. It's it's actually still really weird. It's I. D. Y. L. L. W. Yeah.
mountain.
thank you. You
know?
Yeah. You know, I worked for the county and follow Oh, okay. Okay. That's gonna be your time back. Uh Because I was looking at maps house looking, I was looking at whatever and we have so I work in a like a mental health clinic. Yes, you could say and we have therapists that go all the way over there to to see, to see people. So
that's
it. Uh huh.
So um I know, I know they opened the man, but I'm not sure. Uh
know.
I know. Maybe I'm gonna start my internship next year, so hopefully I don't get someone up there because I don't want to drive all the way over there. But
there.
Yeah, but the counties over here like san Marino, which is next to us in riverside, they're absolutely massive. So the county and the county has to provide services for the whole entire area. So that's what makes it difficult. It goes from all from riverside all the way to and I don't know if you know where India is at Coachella but all the way over there. No actually I think it stretches all the way to Arizona to be honest with you.
Yeah
I'm
Yeah but I mean one the most eastward to get there's not that much traffic, it's all just desert and indian reservations. Yeah.
cuba.
Really? Yeah. I actually haven't been in a dust storm.
Open.
two million
maybe.
That's crazy.
Yeah that that would be crazy. That definitely. But winds get pretty hard, pretty harsh over here. Yeah they do
but
clipping
north
maybe northern California but we haven't had anything here in southern California and maybe like a week or two. But
I think it's just because everything already printed everything that all the brush that that would would usually burn is priority burn.
It's just it's just so easy for fires to catch. Um Because last year we had a pretty rainy season so everything when there's more rain means more brushes grow and then when they dry off it's just really easy for fires to start. It's just normal that if humans didn't exist it's just something normal that would just happen in California when would come but should grow and then the fire would just take it all down and it would just continuous cycle cycle cycle.
but uh huh it's more of a problem over there by by Los Angeles than it is or again riverside because especially by Malibu there's there's a lot of hills, they have like a lot of dry brush. Yeah.
Yeah but I mean I'll take I'll take the wildfires. I mean I'll take I can say that because I'm not near them but I mean ah I don't know I don't know how it be. Do you guys get hurricanes or do you guys get tornadoes? Yeah.
No.
Go down.
That's all we get is just wild fires maybe every couple of years and then earthquakes were trying to even better at all. People make them seem like it so much worse than they actually are. I think that earthquake saying that bad.
Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean. Like they're not they're not that bad. I mean I don't know if you've ever been to the the earthquake simulator in Los Angeles but they take you they take it through 12345678 19. And I mean once you get to like 89 you're like shaking and you can sort of, you started struggle to stand up, but they only last like 10, 20 seconds maybe. Even at most, they don't last something. I'll
take
it. I'll take
it. Yeah,
everything
has
already been built. Everything has been built to withstand earthquakes, so. Mhm.
people
make it seem like we were Snapchat are so.
Well
then
highs conditioner, my latest computer. Yeah. Uh did you go to the Eu's Diego or san Diego state
soon? You'll see. It's nice, It's in high school there,
therefore they're both really nice, you know?
because I went to college in mid California, which is like, there isn't really much to do there, but I like my scola Okay,
Yeah, I'm in my master's program right now. I'm trying to
be american family therapist.
I'm uh this this what we're having right here is going to be my whole life just having conversations with people escape. So hopefully,
but it's it's all part of the study though, it's not part of the study, I'm just gonna be, I just happen to be a guy doing a study that happens to be imagine. Yeah, so it's kind of,
you know, I thought about it a lot. I thought about why they need people to have conversations like this or like, like are they feeling like our videos into like some sort of like algorithm or something like, I don't know, I don't know what they're doing with us with these with these talks, but
But it's an easy $10 I sell
I don't.
that's just
that's so unlucky though. You um were they were they bad times too or are they?
it's time for you, It is time for you. Yeah, it's probably seven here, that's it. Yeah
or your bottled beer?
halftime.
Come
on.
Have
you,
have you perfected your craft to
are you perfected your craft like have you perfected like you're the recipe that you like, like like
And other people that are just
like
add
like
a little bit of orange peel and then if they don't like it and I'll just add something else to it, like a little bit of ginger but
Good.
huh.
The world.
Wait, how how you said it was five counts.
Well, How many bottles? five guns like
for you? Wait,
Is it is it is it a strong start or is it
All
Mhm. Because I know how long does it take it, does it take like a long time or?
Yeah.
Down
have
you know
go down.
So you say like if you mess up then that's that's three weeks can't three or five weeks. Yeah, that's a long
time.
I can imagine, man.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe I'll make my own one of these, one of these days. I'm gonna buy the kid and then I've heard that it's easy to poison yourself. Yeah.
I'll go
Okay. All right. Yeah, I don't want to kill myself by
making a final metal metal call.
yeah, I don't want even Yeah. Okay. All right. I'm not trying to kill myself making
cheap.
Hey baby, you have to stick to line just I have some great or something.
All
I
don't
think Thank you. Hopefully I don't I mess up anyone's lives because, you know, I've had classes for for a while now and I don't know I don't think I'm ready. I don't know why they're putting me into an internship position, but I don't think you're ready.
That's true. Okay. Yeah.
Well,
thank
you. Yeah, thank you.
Thank you. But I mean it was nice talking to you Michel. Okay. Yeah.
Well
huh.
Mindset I mean it's just 30 minutes, but I was waiting there for a while, a long time, but just a bit.
No, no, no. I was just early. Yeah.
Nothing.
Yeah. Good luck. Good luck with your establish up.
All right. Uh right.