Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Hi, how are you?
Uh It's pretty good,
lot better than a lot of people.
Uh I'm joanie,
I'm in Georgia.
practically neighbors
is that in my
email?
I got
Okay, well maybe we're enough inland then, we don't have to worry about that. I hope so. I'm gonna turn my volume down just a little bit.
There we go. Okay.
we're kind of like um east of Atlanta, kind of northeast of Atlanta, so
we
probably
won't.
but
that's good. That's yeah. Really? Because if you're only an hour away, I would have thought y'all got more than that, but.
Have
you
lived there all your life or
We've
lived here or I've lived here my husband since 2016, so we're from the Midwest. And uh and I'd rather have the hurricanes, even though we don't you don't have that experience? I'd rather have that whether we have here and not have snow and stuff because that's a bummer. So but where did you say your uh
in florida?
Orlando?
Oh. Oh okay. I've always
wanted to go there. But yeah,
no,
we're really opening up stuff too fast I think for the conditions so
you
know
George's hot to. Yeah.
I
thought
that
all
of the States. Oh wow, that's awful. I wonder.
they
didn't learn
anything
that
sounds
What's that?
Well it's pretty well still open. I mean I don't know of anything that's you know, there may be limited service restaurants, but I haven't got anything like that. But they don't have like they called off some events like a banjo, some kind of banjo thing going on and of course not having ball games or sports or anything like that. But it's still there's still too many things opening too many things to go through, you know, too, especially considering that, you know, people are still arguing that they have to wear masks to go in stores and it's like, you know, how hard is that? I mean, it's not it's not killing you and it's worth it try to keep everybody safe, so I don't understand. But uh
absolutely. I think you're right. Like I was reading where they had to uh they've got about 100 people on the no fly list now that refused to wear a mask on the plains, I'm like, first of all, do they have a mask on and then they board and take it off? Because how did they get in the line and get on the plane without a mask on in the first place? I don't I don't get that. Um but yeah, I mean if they're not gonna do that, then they shouldn't even get that far, so I don't understand it, I mean, it's just kind of like they want their 15 minutes of fame or something. Well to me, it's not worth it whether it's whether it's uh something that's really as bad as they say or not as bad as they say, I believe it's happening and I believe it's worth it for us to try to keep ourselves safe, so uh
Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah, I mean, some people are so offended by everything, but you know, why am I,
I
don't
look for trouble
Bright.
when we first, when it first started and you didn't have to wear a mask
and I saw wearing masks and I used to kind of make you mad thinking we shouldn't be out in this if you have to have a mask, but then again now I realized, well you have to get out and get groceries and stuff, there's just no way around that, so um maybe going to a bar and stuff, you know, that's not necessary but groceries is necessary and
now, you know, if you know, if excuse me, people don't have a mask on him, like you know, what's the problem? Um So but then you see him with the mask here are hanging off the ears, they need to specify for some people it has to be covering your Orpheus is on your face, not your eyes.
Yeah, I didn't think about that, but yeah, they went to a cold the other day and they had somebody meet you at the door and I said he'd help me, you know, push back and he said yeah, couple and I said did it get youtube video crazy? You said no, they just turned around left. Um But
it's
like
probably
at
least half. Yeah. Um But then people coughing on other people. I mean it's just like or physically assaulting and sometimes killing store clerks and stuff over a mouth. This is this is nuts. This is absolutely nuts. Um And then I got to thinking, you know, every time you turn around, you saw anything from china in the last few years of people are wearing masks over there and I don't know if anybody didn't care or didn't delve into why they had to do that or what they were doing. But I guess, you know, we never concerned ourselves until it hit our shores. But yeah, but and you know what the whole it's collusion and I got it figured out you want to know what it is is that they gave us uh covid because then they can make a killing on organization and craft products because we're going to every story go to a lot of crap
walmart.
All those things, they're just flying off the shelves and china is making them billion. I
Mhm.
Well I'm disabled, so I kind of retired. Yeah.
I
Well,
I guess because I'm, well, I'm not home anymore than I was. Well, yeah, a little bit because libraries on open as much, you know, and I can't go shopping and stuff like I want to, but it's just you can only see so much television and movies and stuff I guess. You know, I need to move and do something.
Yeah, but the organization like the garage, I mean it was such a disaster area and we finally buckled down and built some shelves and you know, get rid of a lot of stuff. And it just to me that's kind of an inner cleansing when I finally get around to doing it and it makes me feel better. Um And look,
you can't
relate to cleaning
out your purse. I mean it just
no.
Well. Yeah. Yeah.
almost five years. I
mean we've been here, it'll be five in uh May of next year. So Yeah. And we, we went probably two years before we started actually kind of integrating some things out of garage into the home. Because I like, I like to not having the clutter in the house, but then I was constantly have to look for stuff and didn't know where it was and we still run into that and it's such a headache. Um So instead of buying a replacement or trying to find it spending all that time doing that, we decided to finally just buckle down and start getting rid of some stuff. At least we've gotten to the point of getting it gathered up in the garage. So that's what's left garage. Um But yeah it's just and then what do you want to try to sell or what do you want to give away or what do you want to throw away or do you want to keep it for you know rainy
day or? Yeah stuff like that. So but and then our car broke down just like day before yesterday because we had uh he was kind of working part time for a while. And uh it got where we you know we just kept we had like boxes and boxes and boxes where we get stuff in surveys and where we were emptying them and everything and so we wanted like to take them to recycle. And so now the car is broken so we can't do that can't haul off stuff because the car's broke down. So um but it's still gathered out of the way. So good. Uh
But
does your
wife
work are married? Uh
Uh
or that I thought I got rid of this last time and then maybe some of you may be somebody you live with dug it back out. Is that happened in new york late? Yeah.
It hadn't made it to the trash can but yours were rescued. Got saved.
Yeah I can kind of justify that saying, well if something happened I decided to sell my collection, I still got my copies. But yeah I mean that's a personal choice, you know and I don't want to get in between you and your wife and your personal choices. But but I have like I hope the lady a friend of mine move and she was gonna get rid of I have two full boxes like 100 dvds impeccable condition and I have yet you know I don't want to I don't want to give away but you don't get anything to sell them. So
I'm kind of like what do I do with these? They're all horror movement and like uh paranormal 12 and three and stuff like that. No now you know I don't dig horror movies that much so I haven't watched it a couple of them. Um But you know I just I really like to have the room and I don't want to move them again because we've already moved them twice so and I'm kind of you know kind of condemned them conundrum but you know that's just one of those things I don't want to I don't want to lose money on it, but it didn't cost me, you know, I didn't it didn't cost me anything to get it, but it it would it would hurt me physically to have to get rid of it.
I mean yeah in donating is good but you know there's stuff I understand
that they actually throw stuff away perfectly good stuff and that just breaks my
heart. I mean I just hate
to see
what
That's
ok.
Maybe
that's why your garage looks like it.
Because
it
was a good ride.
If
yeah, if there was some, you know like I mean at christmas time a lot of places, but they take new things generally so
So
nine.
Well
um because some kids couldn't, you know, like couldn't afford it
well.
Yeah. Well, that's too sad though, you
know?
And
that's where their mom and dad are at fault because they didn't have them supplied to them. Uh
And I was just talking my husband the other day about, you know, it infuriates me the fact that teachers have to spend so much of their own money on supplies when the government is supposed to be doling out and taxpayers, you know, putting money toward education, where is that money going? You know? Um And besides the fact that it's probably really aesthetically nice in your room to have all these things
in there, besides just a sterile environment. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, wait.
Wait.
I
won't
you
could. Mhm.
No.
That's
boring. Yeah,
and
and you know, it's not, I mean, don't they want to appeal to the child in every one of us because you never grow up inside. Um So, you know, they're they're just kind of like, were they forced them to be, it's two adults and they can't even enjoy something, you know, and like you're not even having a plant or something in your desk or
the allergies. Yeah,
Well, they might try to smoke
so.
Yeah. Yeah. I to me, you know, like it would be terrifying to be near a child. We don't grandkids because you can't give an aspirin, you can't, you know, uh feed them, just anything. Um I used to um send stuff with him when we worked together at a
job and then I got to thinking,
you know,
and
I
put
peanut oil enclosed, you know? But then I after a while it's like somebody may sue me eventually over sending them pretzels, so I just quit worried about it and just
stop
doing it.
No,
they
know they weren't they weren't politically correct pretzels even so yeah, just take
me out.
Shoot.
No, act
horrible, horrible people.
Are you offended?
you got me crying? That was hilarious.
The moment
no
I used to there
was
there was something that I found that was my uh what is the batman not batman superman plutonium is it?
Uh huh. Kryptonite, okay when when this person I used to work with, I found out their Kryptonite was they liked to art to like trying to incite arguments and they would be negative about everything and like say they pick everything out and put them you know, take them apart and then I got where I'd be start just kind of uh defending the person and the more I defend them the worst they got and it just it was inside I was jumping up and down
thinking
this is
great, I make mad because they're being stupid anyway, you know, but they never caught on uh and I sounded like such a little angel and doing it you know what it was so uh they deserved it.
And there's got there's a lot of people like that. I mean just it's so sad um with
the mask where people are anti mask,
I'm
for vaccinations myself. A lot of people aren't. Um And I don't know where they got the the that it causes a uh
no there's some childhood thing and I went blank about what it is, autism. That's the big that's the biggest argument as it causes autism. And I'm like vaccines have been around since you and I both were little and I'm older
than you. So and I perfectly reasonably fine, you know? So I stand where they just collusion somebody
out
to get
No seat belts.
Played with toys that were metal. Uh
I mean yeah, breathing air outside. I need some third probably at some point you know. Yeah.
No
need no arm pad. Yeah.
No
sun
sunscreen. Well that's your supposed that sounds great but yeah
but
it my husband says let them eat dirt because the parents are being in like with this hand in hand sanitizer now I think we're creating another generation of people that are going to be terrified of germs and stuff and they'll be like pink walking around washing their hands every five seconds.
And
you know it's not that's not because it's dirty it's because their mind is you know um wired to think that it is in the depression causes that too. But anyway. Um But yeah I mean it's just I can see it now. Some kids not gonna like I don't I can't work in this office because mommy
and daddy aren't
there to help me. And I might get dirty and get a paper cut and you know, somebody might maybe eat a peanut or something. Just it's just amazing. Amazing.
But
Yeah.
I didn't realize. Yeah.
No.
No,
that's
not.
And
then I
because of antibiotics to has the last uh price since the 80's. I think maybe doctors were pushing them and pushing them and pushing them and Now stuff is just growing resistant to it. And yeah, it's
awful.
I
mean,
yeah, I mean, I'm I'm not 100%, but I'm still not every little thing, you know, comes along
jumps on me
like, like a lot of people. But it's fortunate. Uh do you have kids?
me either. I mean, I just I just never felt the need. He has grateful. But
I don't have
Well, you know, we uh we have babysit before and sometimes I did okay. I
just never felt that maternal instinct for some reason. So, yeah.
my parents. Yeah.
They rest in peace. But yeah, it's just, you know, and I don't think that you and I, people like us get enough breaks from the government because I mean, we're not waiting. You know, we're not creating kids that we don't want. Like
a lot of people or we can't afford like a lot of people. Um, they only do it for the money from the government, Like a lot of people and you get any kind of breaks at all. So
I'm like, uh, but now if we didn't have kids and your wife wouldn't have Disney world, right? Yeah.
Somebody their timing. You.
I don't, I wasn't watching it. That was enjoying the conversation so much. Yeah.
Thank you.
my gosh that's I am not shocked. That's the worst part. Yeah.
No except him just being just having to be an animal I guess her instigating it
does she? She in jail too by the way? Um But where
did that happen, where did that happen
in Orlando wow.
That makes me mad
that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Oh my goodness we're going to hell in a handbasket basically.
Well whoever was on that parole board or whatever you call it needs to be put in the jail for some reason. Just I
mean that's a
But but like what about the girl that send text messages to her boyfriend tried to kill himself and he did. She
got
but she got sent to jail. Yeah
she did.
Well
she she did get she got put in prison but I don't, I came up for what her name was. Young, young girl like they were in high school and she was fighting it the whole time. But yeah, she sent him awful awful emails and nobody loves
you and your
okay. Well maybe that's what it was and it
bought instead of goading
it, bullying.
00,
not
even the one that brought the gun.
wow.
but dad did everything he's supposed to do.
Yeah, 100% quarterback. What is it hindsight? 2020. Yeah.
Heart
heart, wow,
y'all
need to get your you'll need to get your act together down there
now
I
tell
you,
I tell
you uh well when a lot of people in the yahoos, you know like uh reviews and comments and stuff, the thing they'll say if it's out of florida's, we knew it was florida. No offense uh
and
well
it's
crazy.
like like something that's uh
you
know I thought
that
was
yeah well with all the with all the um and let you know like vote in now male and I bet this whole country is
it going to be a mess for election? Because I mean.
man my husband was saying Pelosi maybe are kind of step in president when it's all said and done. I said maybe you know, but oh that's uh was that the judge, is that what they call them the vote? Uh things that happened a long time ago? Something to do with a little punch out things on the on the
chads, that's it chats, Yeah, okay florida of course.
Whose
name were they under? Did they catch that person? Yeah.
Were they under somebody's bed
All
that's a mess. I didn't realize how bad it was. Yeah
I'll be watching I'll be paying more at this time. No
one
else.
I won't blame you. How's that? Because I know you're not from there you know like born and raised so what
you're talking to you too? That was fun.