Hello.
All right. I was like in your end of the world?
All right.
Right so I'm richard.
Hi I'm Orlando florida. Yeah.
Oh so you're up the street? Okay.
Yes well I sent you a little gift. It's called a hurricane organized
me.
Hurricane Isaias.
Yeah you have him yesterday now it's your turn.
No problem. Mhm Mhm.
if you're not on the coast then you're not going to notice anything.
you're
far
enough
away. Yeah. I'm
one hour from the coast and we had some showers but nothing like drastic.
Yeah the storm was far enough off the coast so that the band's only went in a little bit but it was really a bad rain day
which
are
I've been here since
um 1990, Okay so yeah you can say that for the most part.
Orlando
Orlando
could the world
so
well
now it's not a good time no.
florida
is one
of the hotspots and we're not stopping.
You guys have we closed down after it started like we went up and we still didn't close we
have
not
looked
back.
Now. Mhm. You guys
had
your
heart Like I believe it was like around 4th of July you guys had an increase, right?
I don't think
you're and you close back there. Did you open back up? You're
still closed,
Some people I think want to complain to complain.
It makes it it's not hurting anyone if you have it all.
Yeah, I mean, and
I understand
like
some people are
I have this issue or that issue. Well then if you have issues, then don't put yourself in those environments. Okay.
huh.
Hi.
Yes. Um I went to the store today actually, you just said happen to go in the store, we have to wear the mask. But then I'm walking around and I see people a person without their mask and like you walked in with it. How did it, girl?
I want any
of those
Youtube video
crazies are intentional, like you said.
Excellent.
Jigsaw
puzzles like crazy. Mhm.
Now, Okay. Um are
you retired or do you work?
Okay. So with
that said um when all this happened and so you're home already, Like I have my parents, they're pretty much retired. They did extra cleaning around the house. Like why you've never you don't leave your house that often. Why? Suddenly now like you did too. Okay,
I'm like, why are you doing the extra?
It was occupying your time.
Currently
how
fruit
how long? Okay, because I'm similar. So we did the garage also. We did the house, the rooms like perching. And just last week we got rid of like Almost 10 big black trash bags worth of old clothes, Linens. Like we had linens from beds, we don't have any more. But it was just in case you
want those beds back. It's like there's a queen bed sheets, we don't have a queen bed. How do we have? What if we get a queen bed again? So finally we got rid of it. So for us that cleanse that you talked about was almost 10, 15 years worth of stuff.
I had a closet shelf and I was just told this that I finally installed. But when I first broke, when the shell first broke, that was six years ago. So for six years the shelf was broken because I never wanted to move it and now being locked home, I'm like, why not? So it's cool with you for your garage. How long was your build up before you finally got to
also?
Memories.
Yeah. Yeah.
Now
when
you
Oh yeah um furlough Disney World. So kevin, he was happening Yeah. With
when I was sort of two things and I think you probably do the same thing. Did you like question some items going, why why was this still sitting here? Why did was not gone long time ago?
it did. I'm like, okay, let's go through all these. I went into the garage with these were in the trash can. Yes. Has that happened to you before?
I'm like why are these here and what they were were DVD copies? Like someone burned to DVD so we can have it. Well then somehow, later on, we actually bought the official versions and we have a copy and the real one, we'll throw away the copies. No, the copies are in the garage now.
correct.
Yeah, just a trash them, it's like ouch, and that was there were cds that we inherited um from different people and I'm looking at that, I have no idea who this is, but it's still in a Seal's case, it was never used. Do we just sorta way can I give it to someone you can't resell it because nobody even knows who this is? So it's torn. Like you said, you got a whole bunch of stuff that could be sold, but the effort seldom would be not much. They mark the payback. It was like, what do you do?
Well,
we
had
that
discussion and it was in our mind, it's going to somebody else. If they throw it away, we'll never know. And it is hard because um I'm a schoolteacher and I, all the stuff that you're talking about, I'm one of those people who will take, so I know people like, oh, I got this and this, I'll take it, like I'll take everything and then I'll start through it. Most of it gets re allocated up to the kids, like your
horror film, The kids can use that and as gifts for somebody else. Uh, but the issue that is so I'm that person who takes every unlike the Goodwill, so I'll take everything
and like, do you want this, like I'll just take it, I don't even ask anymore, just just just get into my classroom, I'll
filter
well actually it's about to get uglier because we just got an email today if you work because of the whole changes in the school
system for the school year, no personal items are in the classroom, so it's just desks, chairs, that's it. So all that stuff that I just collected now has to come back home, yep,
all that stuff,
yeah, yeah, I mean I had stuffed animals, I had books, I had toys because even though I do high school, someone's toy could go to someone who has a sibling. Um But
yeah, all of us got to come back,
So that's where the kids and so a kid who doesn't have money, if the item is not destroyed or devastated, then what I would do every holiday season is I would have a store And they would use their school dollars, they would shop, everything was just $1 value. So some kids got fancier stuff than others for the dollar giant stuffed animals, small stuff and then we had a gift reputation and the kids would get it wrapped up. So now they have a gift for family um
and approach
that step forward and so that's where I always collected things and then this all happened. So it sounds horrible. No holidays this
year,
correct? Yes. So
part of it, they couldn't afford it because one they're younger, so they don't have jobs, other kids there legitimately disadvantaged. So if you go either direction and I didn't care regardless. And I mean some of these kids, they're just cheap, which is going to happen anyways with anything,
it
is, even with the start of the school, like I get school supplies um and um of my students, you know, I don't, it's supposed to be for specific kids who are disadvantaged, but I don't want to go through the effort. I don't want to isolate them or point them out. So if anyone needed something, they just asked regardless. And I knew some of those kids were asking just because they were flat out lazy, did not want to come to school with any supplies, so they're just gonna use the supplies here and then just
leave,
correct?
sterile.
I had,
well, when I first started, I did the cutie cutie classroom just because the cutie cutie classroom, the holding on to hang in
there, little kitty cats. Um You remember those cute animal posters? Yeah, I have all
those around.
Yes. The motivational ones, all those hits me. But then I was
told
I don't make the rules. I just follow them things like that. Uh huh. So I would have those bullshit and I was actually instructed take them down there to juvenile. Uh and they need to be all academic based, well, the kids on all reality, but it's still not gonna look at a poster, this academic based,
there's writing on it. But
that
cutie hang in there one they wouldn't look at and for
that what moment it helps.
No, no plans because who knows who's allergic to anything,
There
are people who
are allergic to everything today.
huh.
I
want
to
show
you,
Were
those
gluten free pretzels because
that
the other kids might have gluten allergies in the air. Yeah,
Was
the plastic
bag decompose? Herbal?
You horrible grandparents.
exactly. And that's like to me, I did the same thing. Like I would have little treats in the classroom as well. Um, and I try to do is like safe as possible of certain things. Um, Most of time I just did breath mints and that was it. So I did the Brafman's. Um,
yes, I didn't actually, people got offended by it what I'm trying to say like here. Yeah. What I did have, like they thought that, you know, their breath stank. I'm like, no, it's just something, it's something to shut you up. Yeah. So I talked too much. Yes, yes, you do.
But yeah, you're right. Like everything you do today could offend somebody. And it's the point where like I've actually stopped with certain situations, I've just
stopped like a coworker of mine, he was getting offended over something and I knew no matter what I would say, it's gonna be taken wrong. So I just went,
okay, well, are you going to say something? You know, people always say something wrong. He's like, what's that supposed to mean? See, I just said something wrong,
I
would
Kryptonite. Kryptonite
What other
people
are?
and that's what I told the kids, like if someone's trying to provoke and argue with you, if you visually don't look like you're being phased by it, they're gonna deflate, they're going to get more upset and then just walk away because they don't see responding. They want a reaction of some sort. Yes.
Yeah.
Great.
Well,
Side effects.
hi.
Well, just
like
good. Okay. You grew up in all, honestly, because like you say, you're older and a not so safe environment in the world. Okay. Cars, I mean, you probably were in cars with lots of people with no seat belts.
The back of trucks.
You are out after dark. You were outside.
Swimming with places like you're like, oh, let's go to the river, let's go to a leg, let's go to a family pool or whatever. You just hopped around and then um, oh, bicycles without helmets, roller skating. And
he's
correct.
And
then,
But I mean
like some of these people are caked, like just layered in stuff. Um, let's not, kids can't go outside because they're gonna breathe something, can't touch something, can't eat anything.
different
way.
Get
out.
I
also I agree with you with the hand sanitizer thing that I also I've seen students who don't have a pen on their hands and the hands sanitized themselves to wipe it out. So the misunderstanding the purpose of it. Mhm.
Uh
Okay. Like they'll get their hands
dirty with something and I'm like what are you doing? I'm washing that's not washing
that
is not
watching and and
how
they're going to become, you know, not they won't have any antibodies in their own bodies now. Yeah.
They
don't have an
immunity
system. A natural one.
200
million.
No, no, no kids. I have students. No, no kids. Yeah.
Your
tomorrow? Yeah.
Well.
Now did you also because I'm similar, Did you ever get the, but you've made such a good parent speech? Like thank you know? I think
we Yeah.
correct.
No.
Oh, isn't it? Mhm. All right. So how are we on time? We're good? I think so. Right.
Okay. I get the time on the computer. Okay.
Now I would like to the time to just to be safe. Um But yeah, now all these different things that are happening around us, like you said, it's just amazing. Like I just heard on the news um It was horrible. A burger King employee was killed because the line in the drive thru took too long. But what was horrible was that the woman got her food for free, said I'm sending my man back to get you and then the man does come back like he was even in the car, so she drove home, complain to the guy. The guy goes to burger king makes a scene. The worker just like she got her food for free and he's like, well I want to fight you anyways. He's like, no, well if you don't fight me I'm gonna kill you,
I'm not gonna fight you. And he still killed him, yep.
And it's just, I mean like really what was to get out of this? There was there was no gain out of it.
correct,
What?
Orlando?
Yeah. Um And the thing is the guy was actually just released from prison because the prison were releasing people now because of the virus. Yeah.
But we're opening the schools so we're releasing the prisons because the virus or opening the schools. Mhm.
Pretty much. And Brenda minor that with me like why aren't you getting angry? Why? Whatever? I'm going to get angry. For what? What?
So,
so the guy got arrested again and he flat out told the police you'll never find the weapon. So yes, he admitted to killing it was uh documented, witnessed the whole bit. Um But he said that he'll you'll never find the weapon and the girlfriend, I'm going to get his girlfriend um Just pretty much is getting nothing happening because because instigation has no penalty. The guy made his own choice to go.
Yeah. There's
no consequence. Yeah.
Why
do we hacked? Yeah, we've had people commit suicide
and the person who messaged them to put the idea in their heads. No, because they still had their own free will to do it.
Are
the bullying? Bullying is difference. Mhm.
Bully
correct.
So,
one is, Yes. So bullying is considered different. Like we had a former student of mine, he died by accident. Uh He shot himself. Horrible story car full of friends two in the morning and they're doing Russian roulette with a gun that somebody else brought and they dared him to do it. And he did. And it shot. That was the and the boys. No consequence whatsoever for the boys.
Because
dad. Yes, kid. No. Yeah. Because
even though the government, Yes, because the dad did lock the gun up. Kit found their way to unlock the cabinet.
I was he did not do a good enough job. Welcome to florida.
Yeah. And then the kid who was driving, who owned the car, who had the car with the student died. Um He wanted the student's family to pay for the inside cleaning
of the car.
Okay. I'm
like,
I
know we are a mess down here.
You
thought George
was bad florida's
workers?
No, now I mean I accept what
we have done here,
we're
the one
every election will lose. Something that plays something change something controversial, something so come this year's election, something's going to happen in florida. I don't know what, but something happened in florida.
Miscount of, yeah. Miscounting of votes or someone like florida was a problem with the machines or or there's always gonna be something wrong with florida's elections because the past several presidential elections florida always had an issue. It was people saying that the machines broke down the voting dates or time to wrong ballots that were mailed in went missing. There's always been some suspicious thing happening in florida every presidential
election because
I always
so
close.
Whoever
doesn't win is going to complain. Whoever doesn't.
Punch cards.
Yeah that one was specifically Miami that was down there uh where boxes went missing and then we're suddenly found in storage units afterwards. Look why were they even in a storage units but
nobody knew existed trail.
Yeah. No. Yeah, it's just one of those, it was one of the unknown governments storage of it. Like the city owned it but who authorized to put it in there? Who forgot that they were in there? I mean I understand they got to go somewhere like they were counted or collected and someone put them in there but then they forgot that they were in there.
Yeah, that's possibility to um and are you know, we we lost power to certain voting booths stations so there was no power for most of the day and without the power they couldn't run the machines or verify
anything. So they were all closed. So did that count or not count? Well they also but the machine for down so do they get more time? Well they get more time? Shouldn't somebody else get more time? Yeah.
So just wait to see what this year is gonna hold.
And then you
hear
something before even here where it's from your like florida It's probably florida. Okay.
All right well I gotta get going but it was a pleasure talking to you.
bye.