Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay.
Group. Hi, can you hear me?
Yes. Can you see me? Okay. Okay,
good
look.
Yes, ma'am. I can see you.
I'm
on
it.
I'm, I'm on a Chromebook so I don't know what kind of webcam it is. So some
Mhm. Did you like it?
I need something with Windows. I got mine because I'm a writer and I like to write. But all of the good writing apps need Windows, including like Kindle, unlimited publishing thing. And just all of them, they all need Windows and Chromebook doesn't have windows.
I bought it because it was like $150 or something. It wasn't, it wasn't hugely expensive. So
No.
What, what's your name?
Eva I'm Janica.
Well, thank you. I, I don't know why I say, thank you. I always say thank you. I didn't name myself. My dad named being in any language. He named me after his commanding officer in the army. And she had this Norwegian name, Yonica or Yonica. I don't know what it was. But he Americanized it to go with Bradley. So john icka Bradley is That's it. Yeah.
is
it, is it Eva with an E V A or a V Eva?
huh.
I hear a bit of a southern twang in your voice where
I'm in texas. I grew up in texas at times. I'm not from texas. I was born in California but I went to, let's see, I lived in Germany for four years with my step parents and then my stepfather got a job at, at texas A and M. So I would do. I went to high school in college station Texas. Met my husband there. Um, we didn't get married until 88. But yeah, lots of lots of ties to texas. And I always thought I was an okie because I thought my grandfather was born in Oklahoma. My grandfather was born in Bern in texas, which is just barely this side of Oklahoma. I'm at the top of texas right now too. It's like three hours to Oklahoma City, which is Dallas is like six hours away. So yeah, okay, so the screen froze up. I don't know if you still have me or oh you're moving? You're
moving
now,
okay. I might just ramble on and on. I don't know, I don't know how to do these things. I'm a really bad introvert so this is gonna be awkward and interesting.
I'm
in I'm a nervous parker. I sometimes I can't shut up because I'm so nervous and I'm like right now I'm in my living room with my dogs and I'm comfy and I've got my chocolate and my water for you know, that's that's my comfort animal right there in my chocolate. And yeah, so you know, I'm okay now mostly. But Yeah, I don't I don't like to, we've got 30 acres. And right now with with COVID, I just rarely leave and I am in love with quarantine. Never want to leave. I never never want to leave. Um
my husband, my husband worked, my husband works at a hardware and he's considered essential. And the city where we live is so small that the hardware store and the grocery store are in the same building. It's a it's
population 2000. So you need a teeny
tiny.
Hey.
you can groceries. Yeah.
Yeah. So
I
don't ever have to leave just a list and you know, I I come out here. I play with my goats. I play with my turkeys, I play with um Well, I don't play with the llama because she's really standoffish but you know I waved to her.
The most interesting thing to me about this llama. Um She was a rescue basically. She's a guard llama. She hangs out with the sheep. I don't like sheep. I think that she per stupid, they're my husband's sheep, he likes sheep. I like goats, goats are smart, smartness gets into everything, they can figure out how to get into the hay barn and eat all the hay and stuff like that. But this llama has turned out to be like a midwife whenever one of the sheep or one of the goats is having a baby, she's right there with them. She gets to sniff them first if she hears a little baby
sheep
or
baby
goat boy,
she comes winning. So she's just seriously like a midwife and I think that's really interesting. She's ugly though. She she is not pretty but she's really good with the babies, so. Yeah. Uh huh. Hi. You
appeared.
Oh me either.
No, no goats are actually very very picky animals. They are they are herbivores, so they just eat vegetables. Um But what they have is on the, on the inside of their lips right here, they have these little tiny bumps with little teeny tiny hair sticking out of them. And so a goat is basically like a toddler. You said you have kids. So you know when that baby starts crawling they're grabbing everything and putting it in their mouth and you know goats don't have thumbs, so they pick it up with their mouth, you see a go hand in its mouth or whatever. That's that's what it's about. And then they they like move their lips like them them them them like they're tasting it but they're not they're not eating it, they're playing with it. It's how that they discover what's what.
So
Well I
learned more about goats than I ever thought I could ever know. I was excited when I came out here 10 years ago. Um I had had in California and my house, it was in the county so I could have chickens and III had some chickens and I still really didn't know anything about him. Then I moved here and we got chickens and I started learning everything. There was to learn about chickens. That's one good, there's one book that I got from the library because that's how I still do it. I still go
to the
long
They said you will never see a chicken lay an egg. And um I had to prove that book wrong, and I have said, and watch and watch the dickens lay these eggs and you know, they kind of stand up and it blocks out and then they tackle and leave. But so when we first got goats, I started learning everything about goats, everything I could about goats now here in town, um when people's goats are in distress, they call me, they don't call the vet because our vet are bent nose, cows and horses and dogs and cats and that's it. So
more, I'm actually, I've actually helped a laboring mother, I've had my hand to my elbow up inside of her helping her deliver triplets and you
know,
just
and
shoot, she was tiny, she was a Nigerian dwarf, she was the size of a large dog, like maybe a maybe like a saint bernard, Right,
The human,
Well no, the Nigerian dwarf, that's their breed and their their bread, they're just small. Um and uh they're they're a dairy, there are small teeny tiny dairy goat. And triplets and quadruplets aren't actually that uncommon with goats.
Mm Most goats will have one kid the first time they have a baby. And then after that they'll have two or three or four or six. I mean it's gone up but tank she short for Tinkerbell, She uh you
had three every time she had babies, she had three of them.
Well this one was in with um instead of feet first or head first. Uh it back was to the birth canal. So it's called trans verse. It was I had
to I had to go in and spin it around while she was having a contraction and then pull
it
out. We had been laboring for too long and that was actually drowned. It drowned in the amniotic get air or then the other two were fine. So yeah
that was there was a lot of hard work.
We have this little shelter that's about the roof of the shelter is maybe just to my thigh And I'm 56 so I'm not that tall, I'm not too short but I'm not that tall either. And so I had to walk down under this shelter helping this poor little goat labor and that
was for sure. Yeah it was rough, it was rough but it was fun. I mean it's very gratifying to uh
Britain.
I pant. I panic every time. Every time any of the animals is bread halfway through I feel like oh no they? Re absorbed or they aborted or you know I'm panic and then I always think they've been laboring for too long and I have to go out and check every five minutes and, and now, you know, it's kate and I are sort of, we try to be as hands off as we can be these domesticated animals. I mean we like the idea of nature, but when you take something that's out in the wild and you panic and then evolution kind of takes over and you have to, they don't, they don't build up there um resistance to worms or parasites or this or that, and so you have to help them out and medicate them like that. But we're not a lot of people here with for age or F. F. A. They show goats and when they showed them, they take their horns off and I don't like that. I don't I don't like taking claws off my cats. I don't like taking horns off normals that are going to need them. Um, so originally we started with meat goats, we just raised goats for me and, and we would sell them at auction and you know, these big Slaughterhouses or whatever goat market people would would buy them. Um, I quit going to the sales because we've been here 10 years and no matter how hard I try to convince myself that they're going to a little girl named Fern With like braids and blue ribbons in her hair and she's 12 and they're happy. You know, it's been 10 years. She can't be 12 forever and I cry, I cry every single time because
baby, you're my food, but you know, I still eat them.
I'm
the,
I'm the opposite actually when this whole covid thing started at the beginning of March, we predicted, especially in this teeny tiny town where groceries are so much. Anyway, they're so high. Anyway, the meat prices started going up and up and up. So I bought a whole bunch of turkey's with the intent of, you know, putting them in the freezer in november. Um, I've never had turkeys before. I don't have a problem processing chickens anymore. I cry on the inside, but not on the outside. I've processed ducks myself. Tomorrow morning. I'm going to go out and process a sheep, but I don't really have a relationship with this sheep. I named him bill, buffalo bill and he looked like a little when he was born went with this bear. I mean, I mean swim nude, we can't what we've done in the past with the sheep and the goats and the pigs. We've now we've taken them to a processing plant that's not very far away and they will kill them and process them and we get, you know, they go live with fern and we get I need that, but we can't we can't really afford that right now. Only one of us were And and bill is huge. He's gonna be about 150 lb of meat, like fruit that doesn't count. Yeah and his guts, his head, you know, all of that. So um but even the ones that I've bottle raised, we've eaten them, we've gone ahead and eaten them. I haven't had to kill them myself, nothing with four legs. um I got I got these turkeys, I got 10 of them and I figured out after they arrived, I've started researching them and it turns out turkeys will imprint on human beings. So you are there Mommy the human? Yes. And okay. I thought that was kind of cool. But what I didn't realize was that I would imprint on them. They were like I fell in love with these ugly turk. They were so ugly. But I fell in love and then they got too big to be in this little tub that we had inside the house with the heat lamp. So I took him outside to the brooder. It's just an open Bruder with the heat lamp over it. And the first day I took them out I went at night to check on them and there was a huge snake in
there
eating them and eight all but two of them and I was pissed. I was so mad, I just grabbed the snake and I threw it out the door of the shed
that
through the
man
Yeah, I saw I saw the snake go one way and like a little something fell out of its mouth going the other way so I go running out there and it was a baby turkey and she was alive and I don't know if she was a she I just called her she she was alive and so all I could think was little red riding hood. I put her back in the brooder and I see the snake and now he's trying to he's trying to bite me and what a venomous snake right I wouldn't have died if he bit me. But I've been bitten by bull snakes before and it hurts and you bleed a lot,
it's like a little tiny needle and yeah and and they can get very infected. There's lots of bacteria in their mouth, I didn't care, I was pissed, I was mad at the snake and so I just grabbed it and I held it above my head so I could run in to the house and its little tail was like tangling up in my legs, so it was over seven ft long.
Yeah. And uh I just kept thinking little red riding Hood, I thought I could little red riding hood, the snake, I could see all the little lumps in its body that were my babies. And so I went running into the house screaming my husband's name, he comes, he sits up in bed, I mean it's in the dark, he's already in bed, he said what I said, come help me cut the snake open, I gotta save the turkeys and he did and as the, as the little turkeys plopped out, each one was all wet and slimy and he checked each one to see if it was alive and he said no, no, and it was the sweetest, most heartbreaking thing I ever seen in my life because he knows how snakes eat, the way they eat is they just kind of can strick down and that will crush every bone in the body, nothing can live through that, but I wasn't thinking, I was just thinking little Red Riding Hood, I was thinking I'm gonna get grandma.
That is horrible. So then I got I ordered more turkey's still with the intention of eating some in november. And um they got out uh something, something got the little ones, I don't know, they just they were just dead in the morning and then um maybe it was we have these two stray cats that are just like living in a shed or something out back. Somebody probably just dumped them out here. Um
So maybe they got them, I don't know what got him. And then on my birthday in august my little puppy, my little chihuahua who's also my baby. And I love so so much he killed a bunch of them. So I didn't talk to him for like three days.
I was like no I
love
you.
I don't
know
if
you
can
see more. Can you see him on the rocking chair? Mhm.
Right. He said he is not he I'm still mad about it. So so now I'm founded two turkeys. I have had a total of 25 turkeys and I've only got two left so
I'm not eating any of them for thanksgiving. But you know I was out there and I play with them every single day and I hold them and I hugged them and I talk about them and I just started craving turkey. I was like I I need to eat some turkey now. So I went to the store and I thought I'm not going to have babies yet. Well I ate some turkey. Yeah sure did. But
you know,
you know, Yes it was a different kind of snake, it was a rat snake and it was super fast and it was just heading towards. So um there's these things called round bale feeders where you plop a giant round bale of hay inside of it and then all the animals can go around and eat it, we've just put like chicken wire all around it and given it a door and that's where the babies go when they're too big for the brooder and too little to just roam free. And so the snake was just heading towards it and I just picked up a stick and started shouting at it, get out of here and it got scared away. Oh
my
my
mom
does
not,
My mama,
you
didn't usually what I do is if I find a bull snake because they eat eggs and obviously they eat babies. Um What I usually do is I just catch it and I put it in a paper bag or something and I release it way down at the livestock barn or somewhere far away from here. I'm a believer of catch and release. Um But but that one that one just had to die and when all the little babies were when they were all dead,
what do you want me to do with the babies? And I told him and then he said what do you want me to do with the snake? I said you've got to kill it again, you gotta
kill it like five times.
What? Oh well dad. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Usually snakes don't bother me, spiders don't bother me and not a lot bothers me. Wasps. Wasps all right. I think I'm allergic to them anyway. So many things don't bother me. We have bees so we have our own honey. Which is amazing.
Any
we're not doing too bad for a couple of city kids up here. Mm.
Keith is from Houston. He was born and down in Galveston. So I mean he's city college station now is huge. Like when we were in the 80s in high school, it was still a lot bigger than when we are now. But it was a lot smaller too. Like they come on with those things and you know if you wanted to go to the big city you have to go to Austin or Houston or Dallas. But now it's it's just as big as all of those. So Yeah,
yep.
I mean, No, our our properties are long narrow, 30 acres, so it's like long, it's not like a square, you know or anything like. Um So in order to get water up to the places where the animals don't go, uh we'd have to plummet, we'd have to do all kinds of things, I do have a kitchen garden, so I grow, let's see, I'm still harvesting kale and habanero peppers and green beans and um rps didn't do too well. Greenpeace didn't do too well this year but we again we planted it all um in early March when all this stuff was going down and so we had green cabbage, we have red cabbage um we didn't do carrots this year or onions or beat but we have in the past and we've done really well with those. Um
I just made a huge stock pot of pasta sauce
there,
I made it, I made it with roasted vegetables, roasted zucchini, roasted yellow wash, roasted bell peppers, roasted garlic and then the tomatoes were from our garden and I put some Habaneros in there too. And to me it's super spicy and my my face catches on fire when I tried my guys, my husband and my son, they really like it because they can do spicy. I
I don't I used to do spicy then I quit smoking cigarettes and since I quit smoking cigarettes um I don't do spicy so much anymore. I think my taste buds came back.
you could
and
and I made the noodles to go with it, like made them, made them like from flour and egg and yeah, yeah, it's really good. I actually came up with this pasta sauce because one of the characters I'm working on in the book I'm writing is a really rich, very snobby, very stuck up serial killer and he is a foodie and he makes his own pasta and he makes his own pasta sauce. And I was writing this scene where he's listening to music and like going back, he doesn't keep trophies of his kills, but he keeps journals and um like right when he's done, he keeps a journal. So he's sitting there listening to this angry classical music and the pasta sauces like simmering. And so he goes and reads his journal and you know, does stuff and comes back and does the pot. And so this recipe just like popped into my head. It's called Zero Loss. So it's killer sauce. That's that's
I don't have it. Yeah. So his his victim is a woman who is suffering from agora phobia and he she's um she had a twin and he overdosed and he died and she has not been able to have an intimate relationship. I mean she's she's had boyfriends, but she's never had true intimacy with anybody. I don't mean sex. I mean like intimacy, like soul intimacy. Yeah. And with anybody but her twin brother. So when he dies, she develops this panic disorder and eventually can't leave her house anymore. So she takes on a job at um that she can do online. You know, people can send flash drives or whatever. So, um, and she's also in all these support groups and the serial killer kills people based on their phobia. Like he would kill you with snakes. You don't like sex, he'd kill you and tortured. He like lock you in a room at the auditorium and you know, no, they were headed and then like kill you with their venom or something. People who are lightning, he'll electrocute them to death. There's that one phobia, I can't remember the name of it, but they don't like to see little holes group together.
And
so then he puts them, he puts them in a room, you know, with that, with that soundproofing with the little holes and all the little stuff and makes little holes in their bodies or puts googly eyes on them or whatever it is and until they die and he makes them watch and make some experience their deepest years and then they die. So he has found her um in many support groups, she's in a bunch of support groups, she's in like a support group for agora phobia and grief group, for her twin in all of that. And she's also in a and he goes to these different groups posing as these different people, women, Children, whatever. Um But then he's also hired her as Michael Peter Todd, that's that's his real name. He's hired her to edit his book, which he is which he is um his journal style entries of serial killings. So basically he's sending her his journals entries and she thinks it's fiction. Meanwhile he's been stalking her and all these other groups and he's figured out that she's probably was just a little bit in love with her twin brother. There's like this moral gray area there probably a little bit in love with him. So slowly he becomes like the twin, like he takes on the personality characteristics and all of that and he manipulates her into falling in love with him. And then another layer is um she like I said she's an alcoholic and so she gets on these groups and she starts ranting and raving and you know, talks too much and he finds out where she lives. He, I don't know how much I'm gonna put in the book of that, but he also likes to be in the house when they don't know there's somebody is there, but ultimately he's in her house and she has figured out through the journal entries that he is in fact a serial killer. Probably. She's going to be looking out the window and she's going to see some sort of unique event, a car crash or you're a clown car full of clowns, I don't know, hot air balloon crash and something that's so unique that um he writes about it in his journal and sends her that. And so now she knows, oh my God, no, not only is it real? He's in my house.
She turned around to grab the phone to call the cops and he's right there, boom. And he tells her, he tells her this is his way of torturing her. He tells her if you don't want to die horribly, all you have to do is leave, but she's agora phobic. She doesn't leave it house, right? So he tortures her with that for a while. Then at the end she does, she leaves, she runs away and he he's first he's like uh and so he's shocked and he freezes for a minute and she runs down three flights of stairs um and out the front door and he chases her and bam he gets hit by something,
so right and he's dead, He dies both. Um She goes back upstairs and she tries to live her life and ultimately he still wins, even though he died because her home was her only place where she felt safe and now she no longer feels safe. And so she killed, she killed herself, right?
when?
wouldn't
you've got this fucker. You already know how
it turns out.
it's
important.
thank
you. Well,
lot of the there I'm taking like a, I don't have any formal education at all. All of my education is either street smarts or book learning, that's it. High school dropout teen mom, you know, um ex addict and all of that. I'm a statistic but I'm also a writer and I kind of turned that and channeled it and all of that, but I am taking a master class, it was cheaper than signing up for like regular school. I don't know if you know what master classes, but my first up classes from dan brown who wrote Davinci code
angels, so, and he writes thrillers, so I'm hoping to incorporate some of that and just get this book written,
Yeah,
that's
everything. I've got a lot of, a lot of friends who are screenwriters and script writers and a lot of people in the movie industry um that I'm friends with and I might be able to leverage some connections. So I don't know if I need to write a book or write a script, I don't know which is hurt her. I think to me writing a script would be harder writing a novel that's 80,000 words, but I've got the words, I just need to sort of plug them in, you know, and I've got a story and yeah, so I've got a lot of that, I just have to make myself do it.
I need to
quit my day
Rod. Yeah,
it
I'm going to have to really get into his head for a while. I liked him more than I liked her. Um I think I lived with depression and you know, all these old bad habits and, and I think um mhm I had a bias against mental illness um and I didn't like her when I first wrote her because she's agora phobic. Um She was not intelligent, she was not beautiful, she was tall and awkward and like I had to come up with these reasons why she would fall in love with the serial killer. No, she was falling in love with somebody who wasn't a serial killer, like the reality. And I realized I just, you know, I'm I'm able ist that's, that's mental health is um right there and I didn't like it and so I had to completely rewrite her and so now I made her a little bit more like me and which I made her more like a person in my life that I do not like physically, like physically in my head, she looked like this other person. And um yeah, and I hated her and I didn't want to write her, I just wanted to write the serial killer in his background and you know, I liked writing about that, I don't know what that makes me, but I like writing about killing people. Look for a
while, I'm an asshole, Let me just get that out on for a while. My son and my husband and I were doing something that I came up with, we'd sit there at the dinner table and what do you talk about? How is your day? Fine. How was school saying, would you learn stuff? That's why it's not a meals with the conversation. So I came uh came up with this thing where we would each write down a question and put it in a hat and each of us had to pull a question at meal time And we each had to answer each question. So there were nine answers. And um, I called it the question hat of Doom. And 11 of the questions of course that I came up with was who would you kill? Who would you kill? And Nathan, my sweet, gentle son. So I wouldn't kill anybody. And my husband said, I don't know, it would have to be somebody who really, really deserved it. And I said I'd kill everybody. Just everybody, everybody dies. But I obviously going out for your, yeah, I'm not I'm not nice. I'm kind nice and so yeah. Yeah. Well, just who don't deserve it, you know? And and I like I said, I'm an introvert. I don't like people. I like you. You're nice. You're
laughing at my desk.
All
right. Yeah. You have to look at them. But like here, I mean I love masks. I love them because I don't have to smile. This is small town. Everybody knows every, you go to go to the post office, you go to the grocery store, you go to the bank, everybody wants to stop and talk to you and you know, and I'll while and how you doing? Oh,
I'm great. How are you seeing as I'm passing, my smile drops off my face and I'll get in the car and I'll be like bastards. And Nathan will say, well, who is that? I'm like, I don't know. Well, why don't you like him? I don't know. And something he said hi. He was polite. You know? Yeah, we're,
No,
that doesn't communities just scream them all day long in my brain and smile.
No one was
fun.
We
get the point of this. Yeah.
Thank you.
I appreciate
it.
I don't
think.
Okay. I'm gonna try and figure out how to get out of this now. What
do I
do?
borrowing
did you ever buy?