Yeah. Okay. Mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm mhm mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Hey.
Yeah 2nd. Can you hear me?
Okay. Wait,
can you
see me? Can you see me? Right,
awesome. Yeah this is a really cheap webcam so need
to actually
replace
it.
yeah, I had a Chromebook.
Yeah, I loved it. I mean they're so light and you can do so much with them. I really enjoyed it actually. I would still have won if I didn't need something with the disk drive. Yeah.
Yes. Uh huh. Right. Yeah.
Yeah exactly. That's what I also love about them. It's affordable because so many laptops nowadays it's like you go in and they want 400 and up and I'm like I don't I mean I'm not a murderer. I don't you know work IT. and need that for a living. I don't need something that fancy with all those bells and whistles.
Even working from home I don't need, you know top of the line. So yeah. I love the price point.
Eva.
Nice to meet you. That's a pretty name. I like that.
I like that. I like that. My maiden name is Washington. So it was Eva Washington. And now since I've been married as Fox, so I went from this long drawn out name to six letters. Well, yeah. And growing up, it's funny I never met another Eva until I was 27 years old because my name was rare. I could never go in the store and find a personalized key chain or a mug or anything like that. But it's gained in popularity. So I'd say probably the last five or six years, it's consistently ranked in the top girl baby names each
year.
v A. Yeah. So every and it still throws me off because I'll hear somebody say Eva Eva and I'm like looking thinking they're calling me and it's like their two year old toddler. Yeah.
Yeah. It's weird to, you know, all of a sudden my name is popular,
you know, I'm from texas, yep,
You know, I
still
sleep.
Yeah. This is my second study like this that I've done and usually I don't, I always thought that I wasn't a talker but that last study I kind of realized that I am
so.
That's funny. That's funny.
What,
Because I'm
trying to see that in my head that you can go get your groceries and then like your
letters and saws Als and that's awesome though.
wow,
that's
neat.
You know it's funny because I had heard that about Lama, there's a branch, it's, I forget what it's called. But anyway we go out there and they've got the animals, the alpacas and llamas out there and they were saying that the llamas yeah, pretty much they don't really, you know they just do their own thing and I thought that was so interesting that the different animals even like have, you know their quirks about them and they're like there, you know, habits.
I
wonder
what
happens
if I refresh,
hey,
I refresh the window actually, I'm not so sure see my thing is I am not a technology person
actually miss like card catalogue days and so everything, so I'm like the most technologically incompetent person probably that there is, yeah, I'm just, I'm I wasn't raised on computers in school, we didn't, my kids know everything, but I'm just, it baffles me all of it. So about the goats, is it true that go eat everything and anything?
that is so
interesting. I never would have thought that it
never would have.
I'm
not
all right, I hear you, I hear you.
that is so neat, that's
What
I'm
all triplets and this
was
So I'm assuming
that's pretty rare. Huh
See that's interesting.
yeah
that is neat.
No.
my
goodness.
yeah
No.
goodness
I've heard lots of stories um I'm in a home school group on facebook and a lot of the families live on farms and they say that their kids have learned so much about just the life cycle and anatomy and everything by being able to help
out with those births I can imagine that's kind of intense like to be, you know in that situation, wow.
I can imagine.
Right. But the ones you know that you get at the grocery store I guess because they weren't on your farm, my husband's grandma, she won't eat turkey anymore at all, She hasn't eaten turkey or chicken actually for probably about 30 years because they raised chickens and turkeys and so her dad would take them and she'd never see him again and then she realized where they were going and she said no I can't do it, I
can't
do it.
my
goodness.
Well
whoa,
you
are tough. I couldn't.
Oh my goodness,
Oh my goodness.
adrenaline you're like I got to do it. Yeah. Yeah
yeah.
What
the
little
troll? Well wow, so
what
did
you
do
just
he looks so innocent.
Oh my goodness.
So
have you have you seen more snakes out since that incident?
Good good snakes have always giving me the heebie jeebies always always always, I don't care what kind what color, how long I can't even go into her bit eerie um at the zoo I just
they
make
my skin
crawl,
just the look
of them and the way they move. I can't, I
cannot.
I don't blame me
make
sure it's dead. Dead,
Oh that's I bet that is so good. I've
only had fresh honey probably once in my life, oh it's so amazing, so amazing!
I was gonna say that's awesome,
wow,
so do you have crops and stuff, do you grow
wow,
no I bet that
was good,
you know
yeah I was gonna say you probably got that taste back, there is nothing like fresh
pasta sauce, that's the
best,
I like that, that's awesome
trip to phobia, I have that too, so you
have all kinds of different ways to kill me
oh my goodness Oh
whoa
is going to be a psychological thriller for the ages, even just
listening to you describe it, I'm like on pins
and needles, wow, that's gonna be an amazing work,
I'm
definitely gonna get that one, I'm like I'll
go to Barnes
and noble and by that one because that oh my goodness, that's going to be a good one because we chill just thinking about
it,
that's great,
What l
yeah, that's gonna be so good, wow, and
then you can sell the rights and make a movie because
that one
that's awesome,
I'm
still thinking about the trip to phobia of snakes, that
that's gonna be
a good one, wow,
huh.
Well
thank
you,
You
yeah, I've found myself mouthing certain my feelings about certain people behind the mask and you know, it's
definitely
Uh huh. For you, granted. Yeah. Well, this was a really good chat. Thank
you.
Thank you. Thank
you.
Yeah. And good luck with your book is gonna be awesome.
You're
welcome.
You have a,
Have
a good one tom
we
just
have to close this and then go back to the survey tab to continue and answer the questions. Yeah. Yeah. Well, bye. Have a good
one.