No.
Hold on one second.
How can you not?
Hold on.
You got
a lot better.
good.
Hello?
2020 you know,
hanging
in there.
I
am
Evan. I
am Evan.
Nice to meet you Melissa. I'm in Atlanta.
On
fun. Fun.
As things going there, you guys beset my virus or you do beauty.
that's good.
Yeah.
I think we just got over it. My mom and I, I think so. It's one of those things I can't get tested so I have no idea. But I have been out of breath for like a month. So that's probably not a good thing. It's definitely not a normal thing. And she's, she's had that like her. It's so strange. It's the weirdest virus ever. If that's what we had, then it's the strength this virus ever. Because
if some people, you know, not if some people are like dying in the hospital, I felt all right except just out of breath. And I and I had like digestive problems. My mom cannot lay down flat on her back without like having terrible pain
And now that's just better and it's so great. And I have a friend who had a bunch of blood clots and I had another friend who had a problem. His finger. What?
Super strange.
mm hmm. It's not
real.
No, not really. Or you know there may be there may be systems for it that are just so poorly advertised for various reasons. Probably political that like it.
So you know even if we do have it, nobody knows where to get it. And you know there will be places that will be like pre testing and then those places will be around the block and then you'll hear like like oh I got tested negative the other day, you'll be like where? And then there's like God they were doing it at the drugstore of the street, you didn't know and then that's not happening anymore. Yeah.
We're not going to mhm.
You
know,
it's bad.
The
What?
Please?
How are
you?
See that's awesome. That's it should just be that but federal, it's just so funny to me that you know it's like my whole life, I always thought everything was overkill. Like you know like the public awareness campaigns and stuff. There were three obvious things and I'd always be like, do you really think you need to tell people not to drink bleach? It's like yes,
you totally did to tell people because people apparently will do anything. George Carlin always used to use the example of how on the preparation h bottle it says not for internal for external use only. Uh huh. Somebody ate a tube of preparation ages like this isn't helping my hemorrhoids at all what is happening. But you
know
there's
one
thing
at the top this year has taught me, it's taught me that I should never underestimate americans, general stupidity level. We're just
it's
Mhm.
Yeah
well bless my entire career collapsed and I don't know what I'm gonna do with the rest of my life but the day to day of it watching tv shows, it's all right
know okay
Stand up stand up comedy. So
I keep talking you know I keep talking to comics about and stuff and everybody tries to keep this real rosy outlook and I'm just like I mean I'm sort of cynical by nature, so, so you know, maybe I expect these things more of us, like, man, these are bad businesses like comedy clubs and just live venues in general. You're not good businesses, they run about two months away from bankruptcy at all times. You're all mismanaged. And a lot of them, especially comedy clubs are opened up by ex used car salesman who want to take, I'm serious, they want to take cash money and open a cash business so they can cheat on their taxes. And that's like that's the
whole deal. And it's so funny because you'll be like, that guy owns the comedy club, it's like, it's like, does he give a shit on comedy? Like not really? Uh okay, it's a tax scam, the whole, this is a tax scam, but uh yeah, they're all gone. I mean they're
gone today, like when
the country
no they just they just put second city improv theater in Chicago for sale and that's for all of the like the original prime time player snL people all came from second city, it's like the most famous improv club world, can't they can't even make it work, you
know?
No.
that's
the problem,
that
happened me with Green
Bay loser,
I
was gonna go
you
have
to,
our world just really isn't set up for distance like everything like especially just live events in general, from sports to entertainment, just everything, movie theaters, it's just the whole idea is how many people can we jam into a place and that there's no like when you're like what about half the people, It's like, well that's that's a failure. That's that's terrible night. It's like, right, can you do that? Like, I guess, uh,
we'll go out of business. It's like, don't worry. The government has the stimulus and take care of it. Like, are
you sure?
That's literally all I've been doing for like the last two months. It's just just trying to pass the time and trying to will the television to tell me that they've passed stimulus and just do it. Just do it. Just
just
please.
I mean, yeah, I mean, you know like I do a little bit of survey stuff with program with the prolific and a few others and you know, that brings in a little trickle and trying to find, you know, kinda from home jobs, call centers and stuff like stuff that I've been able to pick up small gigs here and there before. It was just are not available anymore.
You take 30 people at 30 million people out of the workforce and then tell
you have to stay home, you know, everyone is looking for the same thing. Like I want
to sit in my house, watch netflix and work. It's like there are ways to do that, but they're taken
and
I was
in the
real
world,
I was doing it before since like the middle middle of last year.
Come on.
That's hilarious. Your family makes up a statistical anomaly and you're part of a boy.
Hello?
that makes sense. I like the, I like the tests like the research studies like like weird you know spatial recognition things and strange little little like bonus games and stuff. I wish they were all that. And you can just do it all day. I would do it all day.
First
It's actually interesting. I was talking to somebody at after a show last year that goes to uh U. G. A. And and they do research studies through this sometimes I guess through the mechanical turk thing on amazon that I really need to figure out how that works because apparently that
everyone
says that that one's like prolific but you have to do it for a while before it gets its like well against this one. But anyway um but I was saying like you know it's just funny they give me all these political ones and they're just like how do you feel about black people? And I'm like do people really sad I feel bad about black people in three years? They do because he's actually like he's one of the people that goes through it and no tates all of the different things. They don't just put it through a computer, Someone has to actually review it. He's like people are racist. Like you don't understand like when you get somebody in an anonymous situation where they can just we're just like you not like black girls were like no I don't like black people, it's like
do well that's very unsettling and crappy, I don't want
that.
What are
you
gonna?
I think
it's one of those, I think it's one of those things where it's like it seems it's sort of designed to demoralize the people who are not willing to put in like the amount of time that it takes to get to the higher part of it I guess. Or that's the way that people make it sound. But it also sounds like one of those things where it's just like it's not a problem. You just downloaded macro and then blah blah blah and all that stuff. It's like I don't know how to do any of that, so it's super easy. It's just like that's not
easy
The wonder that don't want to just just drives me insane is uh actually all of them to a certain extent. Like all of those survey router one's like there's several different ones and I've gone through a bunch of
them and like you will sit there for like three hours and realize that you have you have made no money. Like you've just, you've just been taking a test getting 10 to 15 minutes into it. And then they're just like now go away, you get nothing. And I'm just doesn't, I mean why does this even exist if this fails you out this
much?
You
know?
Yeah. I actually figured out the secret to queue me. It's uh Yeah. Yeah. If on in that one specifically and I don't know why this is because other ones don't work this way. But with Q. Me if you keep $10 in the account, it gives you 1 to $2 surveys like pretty constantly. Like every time you open the app there will be two or three. And I don't know why that is because as soon as you empty the account that stops happening takes you back to 30 to 40 cents stuff. But if you get $10 in that account you
can
open
it and it's not the dollar to $2 ones. Don't bail you out as much as you think. Like I get a nice little stream of money from cuming. It's not bad.
Does
it make you feel crazy after a while though? Like doing surveys? Like even even when they don't fail you out, just just clicking like same question. This is the demographic questions and stuff after a while it's just like
can't just
save
my age or something like
Yeah. I'll talk to friends sometimes. Like I know a lot of comedians who are uber paranoid for some reason they seem to go hand in hand and like, you know, let me explain this whole thing about all this stuff they've done to protect their phone and protect their breath when they got five times ad blockers and set up macro to make sure nothing much tracking me. And I'm just like, I mean I'm like selling my, my data for pennies. I'm like pouring my data like take my data. So funny. Like I'm the exact opposite. I'm an open faucet. My information's who knows. It's like you realize percussions probably have a folder on you. Like all right. I got to say to that man,
that's
not
Well when I was a kid, uh like my, my parents like George Carlin a lot and
you know George Carlin,
he was uh he was like a big sort of like the hippie comedian in the sixties. And then as time went on, he just sort of got sort of hard, a hard guy to describe. He did a lot of stuff just about culture and politics and he's got a real, real cynical philosophy about everything and it's sort of hard to describe. Like if I played your clip, you'll be like that guys, like best comedian, I've ever seen what I used to listen to those records when I was a kid and it was what I wanted to do with my life and then, you know, you live things happen and I just completely forgot about it and I went through a breakup and somebody was just like, I want to go to a comedy show
and I just didn't even think about that even being a thing. It's just, I mean like you live life like it's like as a comic, I don't know why people come to comedy shows, I know what famous comedian, I don't know why anybody goes to like an amateur local comedy show. It's so strange to me, but you know, I did and I and I performed and it was great. You know, I happen to live in Atlanta, which happens to be the best, like the biggest comedy till this year, biggest comedy, uh, city in the southeast, you know, you know, and it went really well for a while until the fire and industry collapsed. And now we're all podcasters, I guess that's what happened. Can't be a comedian. You have to default to Youtube account I guess. It's
terrible.
11 years.
11 years with a three year break when I was in the hospital. Well, I was in the hospital for 13 months. The pancreas exploded and it's a, it's a whole thing. Got
to take
care of
the pancreas.
it's the thing ever. It's
so
bad.
Yeah. It's difficult to even get people to understand how bad it is because you try to explain pain to people and they're just like pain because they think stubbed toe or like a broken arm or something, just like no, I'm talking about relentless years long, like never been grinding
paint.
You know.
Mhm.
Yeah.
So.
We'll
try.
Come
Yeah. Yeah, that's well, that's what they had to do to me because when you have it'll either be blood, we're just like digestive enzymes and they start getting on the body, so the body like a
little gross but like the body forms assist around it also to assist. And then that thing like it's fine, it's like self contained, but at some point it'll burst and then you just die And that you just kept telling me that over and over. whenever I'd be like, can I get out of the hospital? It's been nine months and I'm really I've watched all the netflix. It's done watch the whole of tv. I need to go now. You're like if you go out there and that burst, you're just gonna die. Okay, I'll watch the West Wing again. Let's watch.
It's
the most
You know
that
you
know like every
Yeah, every memorial hospital just just
really it's you know, it's funny because but like if if you don't have like a big illness like you just sort of and I'm speaking from from like my perspective in life, just if you don't have a big until you have a big illness, you just sort of assumed that doctors know a lot and doctors not know a lot. Especially
special. It's like a special specialist knows more about the thing than the other doctors do, but still wildly in the dark about almost all of it. And hair if eyeing like it's completely terrifying when they're like you everything, it could definitely kill you. We don't know what to do about it, but
we're gonna figure it out and then months slide by your life is just going over and it's just like, is there any progress like we're working on it? Like,
That's
the way the conference.
Well especially after a while, you sort of become a piece of furniture. I've only met like one other person that actually knew what I was talking. There's been enough time in the hospital that they this happened them where the doctors keep coming in but they stopped talking to you and they just start talking to each other and so they're not well, like, you know, 10 doctors will walk into your room twice a week, have a big conversation back and forth. You can't follow, you'll try to ask questions. They're just not even acknowledging your questions and then they just leave. I got to live or all right,
What's up? Rewatched 30 come on, let's that's the time, you
know?
Can
you
imagine
good trying to deal with that when your kid is just, I don't know how to deal with any of any like this year, like all this, I keep thinking about it like teenager, can you imagine?
Has
it?
It's nothing.
No.
what
if they're
not
getting
chris
isn't the point for them to socialize like isn't that the thing that they're missing that
you're trying to provide?
Have any.
I think all teenagers pretty much because I remember being a teenager you know every even just time itself passes differently when you're a teenager, every day feels like eternity. Like you know if you're a teenage boy with a girlfriend or a teenage girl with a boyfriend and you can't see each other for two days you're gonna
make
you can go full on up your Juliet. You don't understand. I love her.
You
know
I I can't even imagine just being in like 17 just like you can't go outside you can't see your friends just like oh man I'm sorry away I think I lost you mm can you still we're over Yeah. Yeah I lost your picture.
Yeah it was really
nice talking to you. I hope your
kids doing
and what that
does look better.
Thanks.
you too.