Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. What? Mhm. Okay. Yeah, do you have any? Yeah. Sweet, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh.
Hello, Can
you hear me? Because I can't hear you
ups,
hang on I got it. I think
I fixed
it on my end. Okay.
Hello?
Hello? How are you? Okay,
got
it.
yes, I understand. So where are you from
or what's
your name?
I'm
melissa.
Oh I'm in uh Fort Wayne indiana. Yeah,
so
yeah, kind of northeast part of indiana, so
kind I mean a little more so the last few last week or so than we have been other than that, it's been you know, fairly moderate here I would say. But
yeah, a lot of people like all of a sudden they're kind of um like numbers are going up and we know a lot more people who are sick, so it's a little different. Yeah.
So.
So
Hm
I've heard I've heard the blood clots yeah.
and stroke and then strokes because of that.
so
testing so testing is a problem there like you guys can't get tested easily
Well
kind of moving. Yeah they here in indiana they did some of that in the beginning um they had like teams that they mobile teams that they were so if an area was having an outbreak then they would move there. But now
it's really easy to get tested here. I mean you you
sign
up online
and then um so we we have a town of like um
I don't know about probably about 200,000 people in. There's like there's 400,000 in the county but I think our city is about 200,000. And and
there's two locations, one on the
north side of town and one on the south side of town. And you once you've signed up online you don't have to have an appointment or anything you just walk up and like a lot of it is even outside because it's still nice here and so that you walk up you give them your like an I. D. Number
that you
get when you register online and then they swab you and you walk away and then to about two maybe three days later you get an email with results.
Right.
But
yeah it would be
good if
they
had.
Well there
is definitely that. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Um Yeah
well I'm glad you're doing okay
so.
Yeah. Yeah. Well you're alive. Right. Yeah I mean
so you're, what industry did you work in that was affected?
definitely, definitely affected. Yeah.
That
But
meaning
like they don't even exist anymore wow. Yeah.
Well
I know we were just talking about I mean like a lot of things here are you know still still
happening like are things that things that were closed are all pretty much open, you know restaurants are open and things like that. But we were just talking about, we had tickets to a concert this summer
that
got postponed until next summer and we're like I don't know that I don't know if they're gonna be able to do it next summer. I mean like that's crazy. It's absolutely crazy.
So
concerts
and and
like
well and I think some of the sports are allowing some participate some fans but like um our daughter goes to Purdue and they're just
starting
football
in a in two weeks, they're gonna start football with no fans. So I mean it's just it's, yeah, there's a there's a lot of those kinds of industries that are hurting really, really bad, so.
I know.
Mhm. Kind of, maybe,
maybe, yeah, maybe. So,
So
have
you, have you looked at, have you looked for other kinds of jobs or not?
Yeah, I know.
it's,
definitely.
Yeah, no, I get it, I get it. So did you just start doing prolific
after the covid
started
then,
or have you been
doing it before?
yeah, that's
what it's been interesting doing these interview things because I've done three or four of them now and um um or conversation things, what do you call it? But everybody has kind of a little like, it's just kind of interesting to, to meet different people who are, who are doing it. Um I so I started doing it like um a year ago, Marsh and so um when shortly before Covid started, my husband was like, hey, so you do this like little because I would tell him how much money I was making, he's like, so how do I get in on that? And and so I had gotten him started up, so then my daughter came home from college and um she was kind of bummed just about life in general because she'd gotten sent home from school and they were doing virtual learning. And so I said here sign up for prolific so you see if you can make some extra bucks, it's kind of fun and whatever. So for a while all three of us were sitting around doing it. But
well you do have to like some surveys will only let one of us do it. So yeah they know they hook onto your I. P. Address and so they kind of say well you
know sorry somebody else on your I. P. Just already did it. So.
Yeah I like those too. I I definitely like this I get tired of kind of the some of the ones where it's like um political and they're trying to they're trying to like you know figure out what the democrats or the republicans think and it's like sometimes with those I mess with them a little bit. So it's like yeah sorry I'm
not gonna you know give you the response you want to hear so.
I've been
on it. It's
That's
Absolutely.
Yeah. No I totally I totally agree. I would that would that would have surprised me, definitely. But
I
haven't
I haven't done mturk for a while, I tried to get into a couple of years back and there's just so many scams on it so you have
to.
No,
and I also felt like it was somewhat, I felt like my personal information was not really very secure so I got off of it so.
What?
I
so I have one, I have another so I do um surveys sometimes on a site called Que me, so it's Q. M. E. And they're a little like that like you know, I can do okay um with it, but every once in a while I just get so frustrated because I'm like and I like then I won't do it for a while because I'm like okay I got it timed out of too many surveys too far into them to make
it makes
me
I have
to try
that.
Yeah I'll have to try I'll have to
try that. Yeah.
So
I kind
of
I do I do feel a little like that and I kind of feel like sometimes I feel like um like over analyzed like like I do something and I'm like oh my gosh you're just reading way too much into some of this stuff like just get over it, you know?
So
how did
so you're so you're you're clearly a funny guy. How did you how did you get into comedy? How do you decide that you wanted to try and make a living in it?
I don't know who that is.
No.
What?
So how
so how long have you been doing it?
Oh, that is a while, Yeah.
it sounds
like
did
you have pancreatitis? Yeah, that that's a horrible horrible condition. We have some family members, you have it and uh
I
don't wish
that on anybody.
Well,
you can I mean you can die from it too. I mean
it's not just it's not just the pain, I mean it's Yeah,
my my husband's cousin actually was in the hospital last um
last fall for like, I don't know, it was months like you, I mean, not now, not 13, but it was like three months. And um and he but he went in because like, he somehow
the pancreatitis, the infection from the pancreatitis had eaten through like some part of an organ that he was bleeding, and they didn't know where
he was
bleeding from. And so like, they couldn't control this bleeding. And so that was why. Yeah. I mean it became life threatening because like his blood pressure bottomed out and all that kind of stuff, but luckily they figured it out, but they ended up having to do like
exploratory surgery to go in and stop the bleed.
Changes.
So we're so were you like in a regular,
like a regular
hospital? Were you in like a uh you weren't like rehab or anything like a,
you know, like
a physical therapy kind? Okay. Well that's a
long
time.
That's crazy.
No.
Building.
I I I've we've had similar
situations
and you, I mean, I think they're they're working, you know, they're making decisions on their with their best knowledge, but it is scary when like they don't really have an answer for you as to like, you know, hey, we're going to fix it like this, you know? Yeah.
What?
I
I have not been there luckily, but I know some especially is emery a teaching hospital. Yeah. That happens a lot more in those kinds of hospitals, I think. Two, because like they're like they bring in this whole team of people, you know, to um teach them to, you know, some of them, I was sick when I was a kid and my mom. Um uh we were at we went to uh Children's hospital here in Indiana and they had, you know, residents and whatever. They used to drive my mom crazy because like the nurse would come in and ask all your problems and you download everything to her, you know, verbally like puke it all out or whatever. Because for me, for us it was it was a lot always, you know, and then because it was a teaching hospital, the resident would come in and then he'd asked all the same questions and you tell it all again and then the doctor would come in and ask all the same questions and tell, I mean it was it was maddening. It was absolutely
maddening
every
time.
So I have
a senior, I have
a kid, I have a son who is a senior in high school and it has been extraordinarily difficult and he's a kid who already has anxiety and so you know like the whole lockdown
was just horrible, like he didn't, he laid on, he was supposed to be doing virtual school and he would lay on his bed and like you know I think the computer was open, I mean you know what I mean? It was like we were not learning anything well then things kind of opened up and he was better but not great and then he got a job, he works um at the International House of Pancakes
and that helped because he was back among people and whatnot. And then and then school started and it was his senior year and he was just like that was really hard because they started the first five days were like normal school and five days in. They had so many kids either sick or quarantining that the board of the talent, the our county board of health made them they now they do like a like a hybrid school. So he goes to school on Mondays and Wednesdays, the other half of his school goes on Tuesdays and Thursdays and then on friday everybody is virtual. And when he when he's not home, when he's not in school, like on those days he's home he is doing, he's doing virtual school and it's just but it's it's like half of the school, half of the kids in school, he doesn't even never see because they're not in the building at the same time and it's a senior year and like they can't they can't um they can't socialize in the hallways. All the hallways are one way so that to keep traffic you know, so that people don't linger, they are not allowed to go to their lockers. They're not um it's just all it's just
all like sanitized
which
is
which I get I get it
it's good for for safety. But man, is it hard for them mentally?
It
absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why you know I mean it's like we we have some health issues in our family and if you know if if we could we would like everybody work from home in school just for safety reasons. But but like you know we can't do that because we have jobs either that don't
allow it. But it's also because like for his mental health it would be really really bad you know to like to stay kind of sequestered or whatever, so.
it's
her.
So
it was
very nice meeting.
Thank you.
And
I hope,
I hope
the comedy
opens back up because you you're clearly a funny guy and you you've done well, so good
luck to you. All right,
bye bye.