Hey there.
Yeah, me too. Uh how are you
then? Here? The last time was the first time and the person didn't show up side who said it again. Yeah.
Could
be, you know. Yeah, sometimes they just want to do it on president. See the reaction,
you see the reaction of the
participants.
Exactly. So how long did you wait first time?
Me too. Yeah. five minutes. And I just um send uh in the messages that the person didn't show up and then to perform
that how you been.
Yes, I have done it before once. So what happens? Let's say we do our conversation successfully For 25 minutes after that, that we ended and we go back to the survey bitch. Really?
Oh, yes, yes, yes. So, so then you can go back to that represent. It will take you to some questions. You know how the congress who are leading the conversation, like those like general questions about the conversation about the people.
No,
no,
no, it doesn't. I don't think so because last in the last fall when I did, it happened a couple of times. The person didn't show up and then I had technical issues. Like video wasn't showing right now. I'm fine. But I had technically two words. It doesn't count towards your chance, but you still gets his chances. Yeah.
Like 20.
Right, right, right. Yeah. So, uh, for the 66 times. This is the second time in the six chances. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I is the first one. So I think it counts against the chances in question. Doesn't show up for some technical issue. You can just go back and request it again. I think
I am
green.
I have pretty much received all of the responses whenever I read them. But they are sometimes like they're up sometimes, sometimes they take a couple of days to respond. What do Yeah.
Yeah, prolific. I started it sometime in august I think. Yeah. Some sometimes in august it's been good. You just have to keep an eye on it, you know, the service is sometimes you're lucky to get, sometimes you miss it, you know? Yeah.
Good
to hear.
That's
good. Good money and
yes, us. What about you?
Okay, I'm in Ohio Yeah, I think it's the european website and a lot of sudden I compared to other websites or some apps I find this better. It has good quality of ways, you know, it's different.
no, I know about it. I tried to sign up but I didn't work for me.
How is that
good?
So um do you have to invest a lot of time to uh, money or is it like last time money?
it does.
Yeah. Oprah politic.
So you put an extension in google chrome.
I didn't know that. That that's good. That's a good one. And so mostly on the laptop.
You know the cellphone, this I am an iphone mostly. So on the top it says because the next stop website so you can do so yeah. Even if the story is only for, let's say next stop, you still do it. Sometimes it works. Sometimes you just jump hope on the lab. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah,
they
do.
Yeah. So you've been using, it will be let stand here for you. So how been your experience on to other websites?
What?
Particular ones today. Although I find it interesting because the surveys are mostly from universities itself, from the researchers, the students and professors. You know, and it's all different quality of services compared to, let's say sorry monkey. And some other apps where you get redundancy with, you do money there, but some way there so redundant and they're sort of tentative. You get similar events stuff and most rejected here. At least you have fun. And it's interesting.
You know
the research as well? Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. So are you working or studying? Yeah.
Is
it
the more we see more money? Right,
The more busy it gets, the more money you have a problem.
Length.
All
That
okay.
They should
be
it,
which is good single
place. It is a very satisfaction.
Oh yeah. Just which is good thing always are you studying was just working?
Yes. you know.
they
provide you all the logistics and everything?
And
there
you
know good
and well
living directly to the partners.
I
can express as business analyst. So they have headquarter here in columbus fire 19.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.
they have whatever here I am and I keep them and I look testing as well for all the software applications, you know like website and put this a lot of sale website
out of sale application. Yeah.
Because
I mean because since the pandemic started, we've been staying for home. Right? And that's the reason. And we were continuously working from home for much different in May, I started going back to work because there are so many things which can only be done person in office and so many changes that company was making into self customer interactions in the store within the self obligations. So we had to do the best thing for those as well. So we started me and A couple of people we started going back in May one week and since then we've been going But pretty much just like three or 4 of us are going and nobody else. And
so we just wanted
this probably thinking with the sitting on the side and like we just interesting a lot of time at home doing that. Let's just start something where we can at least on some money on the side. Which is helpful always. Yeah
I
don't
do that right now because I know what these are and uh I want
yeah I work with uh you can, the type of work with I have is I can only work for one employer. Good time.
It is it is stupid. I know and
exactly and if I have to work for other employers have to take a work Visa. You're not like sponsorship and apply to U. S. C. I doesn't know that kind of thing. I would love to do it because since exactly for the same reason like you can with my and less amount of time and but that's uh cannot do
later.
I'm.
Well I used to have to report earnings and everything if you if you do because I used to work as a contractor that was just I was working at one place and then I got the job full time so it's still out at one employer. Yeah. Yeah
but this is a situation a lot of people in the same boat that would love to do so many things And they can because as soon as you start working for a lawyer to file your with nine and I nine with them and they start reporting and then then it gets tricky like you can't be leaked working for two employers because only one employment rate and can run your payroll and taxes.
That's the thing.
I'm from India and I want the visas in
me
12. Yeah 2012. So
it
is this
is how
it is how it works. Yes. So I am because India and china or the two countries where applications have been filed in the past. So the backlog is so huge right now they are processing the applications which were filed 22 hour. And The thing is my visa, my retail application was filed in 2015. So when that gets correct then I'll be able to proceed.
So like for a while and then that date is going priority date and which is so crazy. It can go back, it can replicate, it can go forward. It's so uncertain because any number of given month people will draw people find so many and you know, just unpredictable bottom line.
It is messy and getting more here day by day with all the new restrictions and you know, new policies.
I'm promoting India close to new Delhi to bigger. Have you been there?
Yeah. Do you have friends? Yeah. Uh huh.
You're just you're just busy working. I haven't seen the Yeah. So you live are
almost
close to downtown over there in the city.
And
always busy.
So, mm hmm.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess Virginia because being close to the city as well, it's b there are several things always going, ray. Yeah.
mm. So how
how
does this spending good thing affecting all of your business and all of your work which you are doing right now?
Was
In.
Yeah. That's hard.
you
would vanish.
And what is it?
Uber,
Thank
you.
Okay. So you
didn't
do
okay. So you pick up from there and then deliver it.
Uh Exactly. So that's the thing because
Uber in driving a cab, you drop people from one place where there used to get interaction with people. And I don't know how he how it is doing. Especially with this pandemic.
You didn't
You never, you
know,
because you will get trade.
You never know what kind of customers you would get.
This
specific and you just drop it right, it's like because I'm not going to change their mind off but you're right and It's like I know one of her favorite book. He was very uber. He said that I picked up a customer. They wanted to go place a. 1st and I went to places they change their mind or you want to place B but I I
can't go because I already I already have a customer waiting to pick up from place Z were better but those kinds of things,
yeah deliveries barrow and
yeah there are there are so many delivery apps and especially now because the pandemic they have been improving the app so much I believe because of the customers and the drivers for both of them.
Makes more time more. Believe we keep everybody safe. Okay. Yeah
I know personally a couple of people that work, they they were not in the office at that time, but personally I don't Yeah. It is
this is their fight now. Their home.
Yeah. I know a couple of people I mean from even from my workplace and then I know a couple of people from some other friends that in India there was old days. They died because of COVID and they got better when they were young and just they had themselves in isolation for 14 days. Especially it is difficult when you have kids, you know and kids and more family members which are order, you know, it's risky. It's difficult to isolate as well, you know.
But yesterday I was listening in the new the cases are on the up again. So this label like 68 or 69,000. So in Ohio. Well the cases brought below 700 at a time. 7 800. And right now from passport is is 2000 plus cases. So yeah. So I don't know like winter gonna be bad, it's gonna get better. It's just so unpredictable every day we learn something you think about it.
It is crazy. Different channel. You will have different things. So you know, you just can't make up what is what is true, what is back and what is going on back to?
definitely. And
thank you so much and all the all issues for you for your business and they really glad to talk to you and thank you for showing up to
you too.
Bye. Right.