man.
All right. Finally got somebody
pretty good the last two times my person didn't show up. So,
I wonder if that, like, part of the experiment
maybe.
See if you show up
still
on your weight.
First time, I waited 10 minutes. The second time. I just waited the five minutes.
People
have you pretty good. Have you? How do you finished any of them before?
Yeah. Yeah. I had I had one where it was successful.
Yeah. Do you think that when nobody shows up that it counts against your uh
like six times? Was
it six times?
Yeah. That's some easy money right there. Little free moment, lunch money
going somewhere.
successful. two Successful time.
Yeah. I emailed them and they didn't email me back. So, that's kind of why I felt like it was part
of what they were messing with us as part of the research or something. I don't know,
or when someone didn't show up.
How long have you done the prolific website are you on? Pretty prolific. Right.
I think I started in december of
last
year And I only do it uh here and there. But I'm at like $400. Alright. I'll take
that.
What are you in America?
Yeah. Sam. I'm in Virginia.
You don't get rejected? Like have you done mturk?
It takes a while. I signed up and they didn't approve me. So I just made a new account and they approved me the next day. So it's like completely random, I guess who they have proved.
Yeah. Um It's
it's like this, but it's a little more complicated and tedious. I don't really do it anymore. This is just easier and the user interface on this is way better. So I just stick with this one. Mhm.
Yeah. Um I think it's less time and more money on here because you're already you just felt about you, you know the about you section. If you just keep that updated, you'll constantly get stuff on here and on. Mturk. It's like you have to sort through things really quickly and if you're not in there then it's gone in like two seconds. Like you have to just constantly refresh this one. The studies will at least stick around for a few minutes
and you can get the extension and google.
Yeah. Yeah, I'll tell you when there's surveys, even if you're not on the website. The prolific extension.
Yeah, it's it's um I think it's on the google app store whatever where you get the
um I probably do mind mostly on the cell phone, even if it says not to still do it.
yeah,
I got uh this is I'm on a Chromebook right now, but I usually if I have to do it on a computer, I'll just do it on the desktop. I just I'm doing it on here today because my desktop doesn't have a camera, right?
Chromebooks. Chromebooks are pretty cool though. There really fast like they start up really quickly
in
our loading
prolific. I like it. It's a
it's fun. Like I actually have fun doing the surveys. Like they're interesting because they're they're catered towards me like my demographics and all that. So it's kind of interesting to see what they're researching too. A guy like the political ones and stuff.
Yeah. And that's true. And the thing about mturk as well, it's more like working like you're doing tasks for people Like completely redundant. Like it'll be like uh find the face on these 300 images, Like circle the face and then we'll give you 10 cents so you'll sit there forever and it's just not worth it. This is you actually feel like you're kind of helping in a way
with somebody that the search
we have.
Do you know what Doordash and Grubhub are? Yeah, I just I do delivery with him um Like on those apps, I live in a city, so I just, I can just turn the app on whenever and just get money. I live like a block from all the restaurants. I can make 20, an hour or whatever, And when it's really busy it's 30 or 40 an hour. I've gotten 250 an hour, like it's crazy.
No
experience necessary.
What's that?
Yeah. And there's uh there will be like, bonuses per orders, especially if it's really busy, like We'll give you $5 extra per order. So if you take three and three orders an hour that's an extra $15 an hour
Adds up real quick. I saved 15 grand this year
just doing those abs.
I own a I own my little apartment. Yeah it's like a tiny little studio. It's a it's in a basement technically but it's uh
still above ground so I have some light But I delivered Pizzas for three years Uh straight like 6 7 days a week till 2:00 AM. And I saved like $47,000 in three years. And then I just spent all of it on this little place so I didn't have to pay rent ever again. Yeah it's
kind
of
worked out
what's that?
Yeah owning your own place and not having to pay anybody except the H. O. A.
Um I'm not studying right now but I I kind of want to open a business sometime soon. I was looking at do you know amazon DSPs?
It's a delivery service partners. So um they have a thing they have a program where It's it's a $10,000 start up fee and if you
have.
Yeah. Yeah if you have 30,000 in liquid assets then you can basically hire your own people and rent lease their vans. But it's kind of I'm kind of iffy about it. I don't know if I want to do that. Exactly because it's a lot of people say it's just mitigating the risk from amazon
like uh they don't have to hire employees and it puts the risk on you as far as the vehicles and insurance and all that. I'm kinda I got to find more information on that. Between that maybe like um um You know the ghost kitchen is those, those kitchens are kind of gaining traction in cities. It's a um it's basically a kitchen that you run and an industrial type kitchen where you make food, you don't have um like seating or customers, you just have all the delivery partners like Postmates door dash grubhub and you just deliver that that kind of food and that lowers your your operational costs.
Like you're not hiring a bunch of servers and waiters and
door people.
It
looks,
yeah, you just have people come into a window and picking it up. Yeah. What do you do? And
for work?
Oh yes. I think I think my family lives there. That's pretty, that's cool. Most of my family was in columbus or columbus grove.
You know you do business
earning,
so you're just doing this for fun. You're
getting your money already.
Who
lot of work
do you have you considered maybe like doing uber lift
like taxi
company?
You're on a Visa?
Stupid.
So dumb.
Would
it would it it's
the Visa says you can only work for one employer. Would it would it count as an employer since you're an independent contractor?
Yeah. That's weird.
Oh yeah that makes sense
how they'd be able to catch that. Where are you on a Visa from?
I was
three
so you're gonna get a green card? Is that how that works?
You
you
could.
So you gotta you gotta while
yeah the immigration. This sounds crazy. It's very messy.
Where to what part of India are you from?
No I haven't even left the United States.
I don't even I don't even have really friends. I just have my girlfriend. Yeah.
and
it's.
Yeah. Yeah it's pretty much pretty much downtown. There's um
bunch of big tall buildings going up near me. I can probably actually,
there's a there's I think $2 billion dollars worth of buildings going up in a quarter mile from me.
There's a couple of health care facilities and some retirement community is going up, lot of, lot of building and construction going on right now.
close to Richmond to but I live by the water so it's pretty nice
about
to go get a contract.
The pandemic. Um
for a while it was increasing my business probably two times like I was getting way more business. That's why I saved so much this year, but it's kind of tapered off two I'd say slightly below what I was making. But I also haven't been really working as much, I've just been kind of hanging out because I just have all this money saved and just hanging out lately, I've had neck issues. I have um
like a bone spur in my neck now. Um So I've just been in pain, so just been hanging out
but been seeing a physical therapist, so it's getting better. But I work here and there, it's nice to be able to work as I please, you know,
not have have
a boss or anything.
I don't, I just signed up for Uber eats but I have um door dash grubhub
and so watch. I I could uh I'll show you very quick like how quickly I could get an order and just get money. I just hit dash now, select a time slot, start your dash and you can see I'm right there and that little red fire
is
the hotspot, so I'm like just blocks away from all the money
and
I
live right next to the hospital. So they are always ordering.
Yeah, it's super easy. I barely have any interaction with human beings
repeat.
Yeah. I, I tried it for a little while. It's okay. It's just having forced conversations with people in your car gets really old
and dirty people like getting all kinds of crap in the back of your card is disgusting. This dude was brushing his hair in the back of my car and it was just all over is so gross
because
donald,
what's that?
Yeah. And another thing is, um, I've picked people up before and it doesn't tell you where you're going. So I picked this guy up one time and it's like, okay, you're going to Williamsburg, which is an hour away and I was like about to go home. So I had to go drive an hour there in an hour back and I'm home two hours later than I wanted to be. And so it's kind of sketchy. I just, I like the exporters because it tells you where you're going and
stuff.
No.
yeah. It kind of takes advantage of you and I don't like that. So I just do the delivery
and the slow right now.
it's way more efficient right now because you just leave the food at the person's door and that just cuts time. Makes more time for more deliveries.
You know anybody who's gotten it? Uh, Covid
they got better.
I, I don't know anybody who's gotten and it's weird, but I also don't know how many people, so
yeah, hopefully it gets better soon,
Yeah. I try not to listen to the news too much. They like to spin some stuff you never know.
That's right. Well, we've reached our 25 minutes, sir. Thank you for showing up today.
I hope you get your green card.
All right, brother. Have a good
one.