SPEAKER_R: Hey. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: can handle Perfect. I'm finished. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Did what was your name? Sorry
SPEAKER_R: finish
SPEAKER_L: nash. Oh hi my name is Jean. Okay how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Very good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm okay it's been a slow day today so. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I could figure it from your face. I don't see you're very enthusiastic or very bright today. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And I'm just kind of tired. How was your weekend?
SPEAKER_R: it was very good. And a fresh start for the day.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good
SPEAKER_R: So which part are you there?
SPEAKER_L: like um like what part of the U. S. I'm on the East coast. I'm in Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm in Chicago Illinois.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's really cool. I've always wanted to go to Chicago
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: but I mean
SPEAKER_R: good. Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: you know with all this stuff going on and can't really go
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: anywhere or do anything right now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Right now the second wave which made a red film. So what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: Um Right now I'm trying to get my associates degree in library sciences so I can work in a library.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, there's a separate section called Library Science.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah not a lot of not a lot of schools have it so I'm just taking mine in a community college right now. Um I don't think a lot of places have it even as like a bachelor's degree but I know a lot of people you can get it at the masters level. I know for sure that the few.
SPEAKER_R: it is just to work in a library or is it like a bigger part to understand better? Because it is library science? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's mostly just so you can it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: kind of like a vocational degree I guess. You just learn like the ropes and then uh when you like apply for a job and like start working there you sort of pick up the stuff but it's more so you can work towards like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I guess being like a higher
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: level person than just if you just started just working at a library.
SPEAKER_R: But I think one since it is like not available like since it is a very rare course, I believe once you've completed the job of the opportunity would be very, very high and very easy, right? Because very few people would be like bright in this field and so easily you can get a job. Is that right?
SPEAKER_L: Um It depends because I know if you want to be like like if you want to be a branch manager of like an entire library system you have to have at least your masters. So it's
SPEAKER_R: It's my
SPEAKER_L: blocked
SPEAKER_R: payment,
SPEAKER_L: a lot by like um by your education. But yeah right now I just want to get my associates and see how far I can get with that, you know? What about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: No. All right now, I'm not working. I'm just house husband. My wife works in a company here. So right now I just do this kind of stops and take care of my kid. So these are I want you to do right now, A two. And of course, taking care of the finances. And I just also chose and other things. These are the predominantly things uh that I do and help my wife.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really good. I mean that's like a full time job to, you don't really get any days off from
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Kind of and
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: I did not feel bad, like because uh even I've seen this statement like nowadays it's okay to be a househusband because that is not something I chose to do uh to do it. It's like I didn't have much choice. and at the same time I did not regret making this choice because we knew that it is going to make our family better for the longer rack. And it's not required for me, you know, just to through to the society or to my relatives that uh only by working for being a working husband, I need to do something. I'm not required to prove anything to others except for my parents and my my parents in laws and my wife and these people in my life fortunately are very understanding. So they did appreciate my choice that I made it. So pretty much so that is going to in fact it helped me to learn a lot biggest until then. I mean until being as he said, I wouldn't say it as idle, but being in whom I learned a lot uh how to, you know manage budgeting and feel hunting because this is something I did not want to invest something. I mean uh put money into to learn something but at the same time I felt that this is the right time or in order to build a good financial plan for my kid and all these things starts with first of all having a budget. Right? So both myself and my wife, we were very big in this kind of thing. Things like it doesn't mean that we spend lavishly, but it's just a simple thing like uh we do not keep a track of like on a weekly basis. On a daily basis. Like we do not keep a track like how much we spend or how much we say we do all those things of course to be honest. But we did not know like are we we were not very much keen you know to have a specified uh relevant plan. So that is something I kept researching our own since I have a lot of free time in the day and you know so that helped me not to a lot to manage our finances better and budgeting better. This is just an example like you know there are many things which with the vast materials available in the internet you know one can anything and everything you know right in the internet so those are some things I enjoyed you know during this times uh to achieve some better knowledge.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I've been I've been trying to keep a budget for me and my husband just so I know what's like going on and like how
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: how much we have to pay in bills and stuff. Because he's he's kind of that person that just doesn't, he doesn't really count like, you know, he doesn't really want like how much he spends or whatever. And yeah, my parents were both accountants so that was basically drilled into me that I need, you know, like, like how much money I'm saving and how much I'm spending. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: do you use any kind of tools or how do you just maintain an excel or how do you manage?
SPEAKER_L: I should be maintaining an excel, but right now I'm just trying to make sure that we get our bills paid at all because or not we're kind of struggling right now just because he just got his new job I think maybe like a month ago or something and he's just trying to get to the point where he can work full time and that he can get like a higher position because I think they're already thinking about promoting him to like
SPEAKER_R: great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a slightly
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: better position. And right now right now my parents are helping us out with like our rent and stuff before we can like get everything settled.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Yeah. So how do you get like, uh, maintain your bills? Like do you get a reminder? Do you set a reminder or you keep it in your head? Like I'm not speaking
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: about the money irrespective. Like how do you remember that on this day idea to pay this bill on this day? I need to pay utility bill. Do you have any like a system in place or how do you, we'll manage those things?
SPEAKER_L: um a couple of our bills like which
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: ones like the internet and the electric bill
SPEAKER_R: walking.
SPEAKER_L: are on the same day every month. So I have to I have to set it so every like the friday before like that certain date we try and get it paid before that, but due date, if that makes sense. And then I'll just have it said I was a reminder for every month like every friday every four weeks that's going to be when we pay it and then every week is like a different bill that we pay off or okay,
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: it's been
SPEAKER_R: Big.
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Because uh, those are certain things in which I struggled big time. That is the reason I ask because like I missed many payments not purposely, but because I didn't know that the dude, it has crossed and the fines, you know, they're very heavy when it is not paid on time. So that really to get me a lord after which I started, you think couple of online tools which really helped me and post which I did not have this trouble. That is the reason which is curious to thief. They're doing anything different to manage those schools are what you've been doing. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I just use like a regular calendar. I should probably try and like get a proper excel sheet so then I can see like every single thing we're doing like every single time we're like having a transaction if that makes sense. So I can see like graphically where
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: our money is going.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I just used that as an example but still even excellent you know outdated nowadays with so many half abs and other websites which just keeps a beat that you did like you said beat a bill. It just automat automatically everything it thinks from our habit like just checks there are even up checks on which date we pay ward bill and it accordingly gives us a remainder and those kind of things. So if you're even thinking of starting with an Excel you can scrap off that idea because there are much better uh tools which really really makes our life very very easier so that we need not, you know, keep these kind of small small things in top of our head, right? So those are certain things in which really technology as helping us much much much better. Excuse me.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I used to use mint like I think it's a turbo tax app.
SPEAKER_R: You know what, let me interrupt you and there's a reason why I'm interrupting you. Whatever I was speaking until now, whatever app I was mentioning, I was speaking, keeping maintained mind because that is the app which I was referring to you when I told whatever distrust me. Only after using meant I it really like made my life much much easier because I was not sure whether I can tell that name or I was not sure whether he would be familiar, but after inputting everything into the mint up, like just giving the bank account details and all those things by, I mean not giving the bank of potatoes by setting up the bank account, it automatically looks into the due dates of my credit cards, my insurance and just as you remember you told me like remainder like four or five days before I exactly get like a remainder one week of five days before and it really really makes everything better. I was actually talking to you what he has to meant the towboat except that is something I really love. And you remember I was also speaking to you about budgeting it. I learned a lot from it. I'm sure you might have seen it because we just need to explore more because from the snapshot we might just see like we can see the war, view the transaction thousands. But when we go deep into the budgeting tool and exported to an excel, it exactly shows like how much we have sweat spent monthly, quarterly or on a yearly basis. Beat on our groceries, medical expenses etcetera etcetera. So that that is what I was actually uh referring to. Good. So you also use that frequently, is it?
SPEAKER_L: Um I used to use it but not so much anymore because just because my husband likes to do a lot of things in cash card. So it's kind of hard because you can't keep track of that unless you want to manually and put it every single
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: uh I was supposed to say then it's a double work. You loved her again in portrait and you think it it's rather not do it rather than doing it twice.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's a lot. So is this your first time um doing this
SPEAKER_R: No, for me it is the third time.
SPEAKER_L: third time? Okay. Yeah it's my third time to okay. I guess
SPEAKER_R: Point.
SPEAKER_L: they match people up like with how many times they've done it maybe maybe because
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: the last the last time I had somebody
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: that I'd only done it once before, so it was both of our second times and then my first time it was also that person's first time too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But when was the first two sessions here? Last week?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was said I think I did it on thursday and friday,
SPEAKER_R: Exactly for me as well. I didn't go on on thursday. I did it on on friday uh today. But for me the pattern was a little different because the very first person I spoke with was very experienced with this, Like she said that she did it almost fighting's I believe, I don't remember. And for the second person I feel he said like he did it a couple of things but I was not sure. Oh
SPEAKER_L: hm. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah I think they might be using pattern once. Like you have also had a couple of sessions, I also had a couple of sessions or maybe both of us are experienced in this and they thought that would have to make a pattern or a match, something like that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, actually that kind of makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: possibility.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What do you think this study is about?
SPEAKER_R: See honestly that is something I really wanted to explore. I started thinking about it but I was really not your maybe uh they're trying to see how people converse or articulate something like that. That's what I thought. What do you think?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was kind of
SPEAKER_R: MR
SPEAKER_L: similar to that I was talking about
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: this with the
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: last person I had talked to and Mhm. Based on the questions after the chats I'm thinking, it's just like the dynamics of a conversation. Like if a certain type of person talks more or they have um
SPEAKER_R: okay. Like a behavioral study?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, maybe if it's, maybe it's like, I don't know, they're trying to see a pattern. Like if a certain demographic, like if men talk more, if women talk more, right? Something like that. I don't I don't know. I feel like it could be more specific than that. Just because they, what else were they asking? Like the more times someone
SPEAKER_R: Too much.
SPEAKER_L: nodded or
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: do you feel like you spoke more? Okay. That's a good question. But the next question is how do you think your partner would have felt your partner would have felt you spoke more? She or he spoke more? The same question. They asked it from two perspectives. One is yours and the second one. What do you think your partner would have chosen? And just point of doing? Was he talking to, was he come? And the last part is crazy because based on honestly uh after this conversation, if they're asking like the if the person was calm or happy or third yes, we can answer all those things. But the last part, I don't remember that that question, it's like based on the conversation, how do you feel you're part of it is like uh Kind arrogant angry. I'm not sure about the exactly what it's like what I meant to faith it would ask something which is not at all relevant or something which we cannot judge. For example based on the 25 minutes conversation I cannot there are certain questions in which you cannot gauge me or I cannot get you. So even those kind of questions are asked. So maybe now I am really think like it's kind of for behavior psychological aspects maybe I'm not sure if I that was act all right but those kinds of things. Crazy stuff. But I'm sure if we can think so much. I'm very confident that the panel be just created the study differently. Would have had more number of people did much more experience and the purpose been doing this so yes definitely it will be and should be uh useful for them I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's very interesting. Like how long have you been using, prolific?
SPEAKER_R: Okay specifically speaking I started using in the last week of august.
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? Oh, you tell your family knew of this year? Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's don't have months
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's pretty interesting. I've been using it, I want to say a little over a year
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: now and some of the some of the studies are interesting. I know I took one that was like four hours like a a couple weeks ago.
SPEAKER_R: grown
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: with both. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think they were basically making me take an A. C.
SPEAKER_R: Could
SPEAKER_L: T. Like one of those standardized tests.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: N. C. T.
SPEAKER_L: it's like it's one of the tests you do to get into college. Like the S. A. T. And it will judge like how good you do with like reading writing maths and science and stuff. And I don't I don't know what they were measuring. But I mean it was interesting and they gave me like I want to say like $30 for it. So you know that's good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: four hours. Oh my God. Okay my longest I building was uh okay I had one for today's monday right? I had a study on saturday all of a sudden it popped and I got Like this when it was mentioned like $15 for 40 minutes. I was so short. Okay I thought okay might involve some good stuff under immediately turned off my tv send my kid to all and went into the study. But interestingly it was a game I need to play. I just need to play a game for 10-15 minutes. Very easy game followed by a social questions like you know right questions like in certain cut for some we need to choose the far right and for some we need to choose far left if we are very attentive. So those kind of questions and altogether it took me 40-45 minutes for $15. But it's the first thing they paid me so much. And for one
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: survey it was interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah some of them are, some of the, I don't know what they're called. Payouts are pretty good, especially if you get the longer ones. Do you have um the prolific assistant on google chrome?
SPEAKER_R: No. What is that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so um it will basically keep you logged into prolific and it'll refresh like every, I want to say every couple of minutes or so, so it'll, so it'll set um what is it called? It'll give you an alert every time. There's a new study that pops up on your feet so you
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: don't have
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: to keep that prolific.
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: They open.
SPEAKER_R: you know what? Let me be very honest. Gene you saved my day because without let me be very honest because I like the service and terrific. But I need to you know keep it active like every minute to see if it is available because there are certain things. It's not certain many services. The moment I click on it, it either says the researcher has paused for the study is full so honestly I don't finish them. And in order to get more perks and incentives I keep looking at prolific for like every 10 to 15 minutes. And I even asked, I raised a question and prolific asking them to either send me an alert through email or is there any other way? You're all right to get an alert? But either response I received was since there are so many people using it, we have stopped sending allowed uh to people. That's what I received. But I think it's a good way. And that could be the reason why I was not a very well speak up. I do not use a crew. I actually use uh age Microsoft
SPEAKER_L: In each
SPEAKER_R: there. So you mean to say that there is a growing extension for prophetic?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So it'll, it'll be like an alert. So all you have to do is keep your brows are open and just make sure your thing is still signed into prolific, so you're coming like, like in the kitchen and then you can hear it so then you would know it like that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, What do you mean? You also get a sound a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm It has. Well, it's probably not going to chime, but it does a really, a lot of time so that
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you can,
SPEAKER_R: at least I'm good in that I can modify the sounds as far as now that you have given me this end. I'm an expert in converting the sometimes all those things I can do. But the sad part is I did not know, don't know that there is such a good feature, you know that's the reason I used to keep refreshing. Like sometimes they book crazy because in beacons sometimes I do not have much work like doing some chores and all those things I complete within the big day. So when I'm watching T. V, I would just keep my laptop in the side, you know, rented for widescreen. So if there's like a survey available, like there will be a change that I can see immediately and I can click on. But I I used to do all those kinds of crazy stuff but now that you've told me, I thought I can ask you one more questions like how many songs he received in a day or in a week.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm, depends on the day. I think a lot of the times it'll just be one of those like one or two minutes surveys that are only a few minutes. But I want to say I get pinned For maybe 10 a day during the weekdays and then probably maybe like once or twice on the weekends.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. In weakened it. Very
SPEAKER_L: No, on the weekends. Yeah, it's a lot on the weekends, but
SPEAKER_R: But yeah. Even, I mean the service, which I did most of them, like you say it's like maximum one or two minutes from one trick citing the name of the channel because that is the link I would see on the top. It would just be like for one or two minutes. But they pretty much good like between 30 cents to 50 cents if I'm not wrong the survey. But as you say, some, so there are certain surveys which go for a mhm. You know, a long time. But yes, they pay that locks and I think that was the alarm kneecap For 25 minutes. Is it the one with the
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: yard?
SPEAKER_L: was the 25 minutes um time or yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. So pretty much we're done I think and I once again, I really want to thank you for giving me that. People trust me. You're really save my going forward our case. It to be easy for me to take the proper feelings of is on his. Your manners. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: No problem. Yeah. No problem. I'm glad I could let you know about that. I try and like tell people if they're, if they don't know about it.
SPEAKER_R: Alright then. Thank you so much. Bye bye.