how are you?
Did what was your name? Sorry
nash. Oh hi my name is Jean. Okay how are you doing today?
Uh I'm okay it's been a slow day today so. Yes.
Mhm. And I'm just kind of tired. How was your weekend?
Oh that's good
like um like what part of the U. S. I'm on the East coast. I'm in Georgia.
Oh that's really cool. I've always wanted to go to Chicago
but I mean
you know with all this stuff going on and can't really go
anywhere or do anything right now.
Um Right now I'm trying to get my associates degree in library sciences so I can work in a library.
Yeah not a lot of not a lot of schools have it so I'm just taking mine in a community college right now. Um I don't think a lot of places have it even as like a bachelor's degree but I know a lot of people you can get it at the masters level. I know for sure that the few.
Yeah it's mostly just so you can it's
kind of like a vocational degree I guess. You just learn like the ropes and then uh when you like apply for a job and like start working there you sort of pick up the stuff but it's more so you can work towards like
I guess being like a higher
level person than just if you just started just working at a library.
Um It depends because I know if you want to be like like if you want to be a branch manager of like an entire library system you have to have at least your masters. So it's
blocked
a lot by like um by your education. But yeah right now I just want to get my associates and see how far I can get with that, you know? What about you? What do you do?
Yeah, it's really good. I mean that's like a full time job to, you don't really get any days off from
work.
Mhm. Yeah, I've been I've been trying to keep a budget for me and my husband just so I know what's like going on and like how
how much we have to pay in bills and stuff. Because he's he's kind of that person that just doesn't, he doesn't really count like, you know, he doesn't really want like how much he spends or whatever. And yeah, my parents were both accountants so that was basically drilled into me that I need, you know, like, like how much money I'm saving and how much I'm spending. But yeah,
I should be maintaining an excel, but right now I'm just trying to make sure that we get our bills paid at all because or not we're kind of struggling right now just because he just got his new job I think maybe like a month ago or something and he's just trying to get to the point where he can work full time and that he can get like a higher position because I think they're already thinking about promoting him to like
a slightly
better position. And right now right now my parents are helping us out with like our rent and stuff before we can like get everything settled.
Well
um a couple of our bills like which
ones like the internet and the electric bill
are on the same day every month. So I have to I have to set it so every like the friday before like that certain date we try and get it paid before that, but due date, if that makes sense. And then I'll just have it said I was a reminder for every month like every friday every four weeks that's going to be when we pay it and then every week is like a different bill that we pay off or okay,
it's been
working
I just use like a regular calendar. I should probably try and like get a proper excel sheet so then I can see like every single thing we're doing like every single time we're like having a transaction if that makes sense. So I can see like graphically where
our money is going.
Mhm. Yeah, I used to use mint like I think it's a turbo tax app.
Um I used to use it but not so much anymore because just because my husband likes to do a lot of things in cash card. So it's kind of hard because you can't keep track of that unless you want to manually and put it every single
time.
That's
yeah, that's a lot. So is this your first time um doing this
third time? Okay. Yeah it's my third time to okay. I guess
they match people up like with how many times they've done it maybe maybe because
the last the last time I had somebody
that I'd only done it once before, so it was both of our second times and then my first time it was also that person's first time too.
Yeah it was said I think I did it on thursday and friday,
hm. That's interesting.
Yeah, actually that kind of makes sense.
Yeah. What do you think this study is about?
Yeah, it was kind of
similar to that I was talking about
this with the
last person I had talked to and Mhm. Based on the questions after the chats I'm thinking, it's just like the dynamics of a conversation. Like if a certain type of person talks more or they have um
Yeah, maybe if it's, maybe it's like, I don't know, they're trying to see a pattern. Like if a certain demographic, like if men talk more, if women talk more, right? Something like that. I don't I don't know. I feel like it could be more specific than that. Just because they, what else were they asking? Like the more times someone
nodded or
the
Yeah. It's very interesting. Like how long have you been using, prolific?
Oh really? Oh, you tell your family knew of this year? Oh
yeah, it's pretty interesting. I've been using it, I want to say a little over a year
now and some of the some of the studies are interesting. I know I took one that was like four hours like a a couple weeks ago.
I
I think they were basically making me take an A. C.
T. Like one of those standardized tests.
And
like
it's like it's one of the tests you do to get into college. Like the S. A. T. And it will judge like how good you do with like reading writing maths and science and stuff. And I don't I don't know what they were measuring. But I mean it was interesting and they gave me like I want to say like $30 for it. So you know that's good. Mhm.
Well
yeah some of them are, some of the, I don't know what they're called. Payouts are pretty good, especially if you get the longer ones. Do you have um the prolific assistant on google chrome?
Oh, so um it will basically keep you logged into prolific and it'll refresh like every, I want to say every couple of minutes or so, so it'll, so it'll set um what is it called? It'll give you an alert every time. There's a new study that pops up on your feet so you
don't have
to keep that prolific.
They open.
In each
Mhm. So it'll, it'll be like an alert. So all you have to do is keep your brows are open and just make sure your thing is still signed into prolific, so you're coming like, like in the kitchen and then you can hear it so then you would know it like that.
Mhm It has. Well, it's probably not going to chime, but it does a really, a lot of time so that
you can,
mm hmm, depends on the day. I think a lot of the times it'll just be one of those like one or two minutes surveys that are only a few minutes. But I want to say I get pinned For maybe 10 a day during the weekdays and then probably maybe like once or twice on the weekends.
No, on the weekends. Yeah, it's a lot on the weekends, but
that
was the 25 minutes um time or yeah.
No problem. Yeah. No problem. I'm glad I could let you know about that. I try and like tell people if they're, if they don't know about it.