Hey. Okay.
can handle Perfect. I'm finished. Okay,
finish
Very good. How are you?
I could figure it from your face. I don't see you're very enthusiastic or very bright today. Okay.
it was very good. And a fresh start for the day.
So which part are you there?
No, I'm in Chicago Illinois.
Very
good. Perfect.
Just
yeah. Right now the second wave which made a red film. So what do you do for a living?
Oh, there's a separate section called Library Science.
it is just to work in a library or is it like a bigger part to understand better? Because it is library science? Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Good.
But I think one since it is like not available like since it is a very rare course, I believe once you've completed the job of the opportunity would be very, very high and very easy, right? Because very few people would be like bright in this field and so easily you can get a job. Is that right?
It's my
payment,
No. All right now, I'm not working. I'm just house husband. My wife works in a company here. So right now I just do this kind of stops and take care of my kid. So these are I want you to do right now, A two. And of course, taking care of the finances. And I just also chose and other things. These are the predominantly things uh that I do and help my wife.
yeah. Kind of and
I did not feel bad, like because uh even I've seen this statement like nowadays it's okay to be a househusband because that is not something I chose to do uh to do it. It's like I didn't have much choice. and at the same time I did not regret making this choice because we knew that it is going to make our family better for the longer rack. And it's not required for me, you know, just to through to the society or to my relatives that uh only by working for being a working husband, I need to do something. I'm not required to prove anything to others except for my parents and my my parents in laws and my wife and these people in my life fortunately are very understanding. So they did appreciate my choice that I made it. So pretty much so that is going to in fact it helped me to learn a lot biggest until then. I mean until being as he said, I wouldn't say it as idle, but being in whom I learned a lot uh how to, you know manage budgeting and feel hunting because this is something I did not want to invest something. I mean uh put money into to learn something but at the same time I felt that this is the right time or in order to build a good financial plan for my kid and all these things starts with first of all having a budget. Right? So both myself and my wife, we were very big in this kind of thing. Things like it doesn't mean that we spend lavishly, but it's just a simple thing like uh we do not keep a track of like on a weekly basis. On a daily basis. Like we do not keep a track like how much we spend or how much we say we do all those things of course to be honest. But we did not know like are we we were not very much keen you know to have a specified uh relevant plan. So that is something I kept researching our own since I have a lot of free time in the day and you know so that helped me not to a lot to manage our finances better and budgeting better. This is just an example like you know there are many things which with the vast materials available in the internet you know one can anything and everything you know right in the internet so those are some things I enjoyed you know during this times uh to achieve some better knowledge.
So
do you use any kind of tools or how do you just maintain an excel or how do you manage?
great. Yeah.
Okay.
Great. Yeah. So how do you get like, uh, maintain your bills? Like do you get a reminder? Do you set a reminder or you keep it in your head? Like I'm not speaking
about the money irrespective. Like how do you remember that on this day idea to pay this bill on this day? I need to pay utility bill. Do you have any like a system in place or how do you, we'll manage those things?
The
walking.
Nice.
Big.
Mm. Because uh, those are certain things in which I struggled big time. That is the reason I ask because like I missed many payments not purposely, but because I didn't know that the dude, it has crossed and the fines, you know, they're very heavy when it is not paid on time. So that really to get me a lord after which I started, you think couple of online tools which really helped me and post which I did not have this trouble. That is the reason which is curious to thief. They're doing anything different to manage those schools are what you've been doing. Yeah
But
I mean I just used that as an example but still even excellent you know outdated nowadays with so many half abs and other websites which just keeps a beat that you did like you said beat a bill. It just automat automatically everything it thinks from our habit like just checks there are even up checks on which date we pay ward bill and it accordingly gives us a remainder and those kind of things. So if you're even thinking of starting with an Excel you can scrap off that idea because there are much better uh tools which really really makes our life very very easier so that we need not, you know, keep these kind of small small things in top of our head, right? So those are certain things in which really technology as helping us much much much better. Excuse me.
You know what, let me interrupt you and there's a reason why I'm interrupting you. Whatever I was speaking until now, whatever app I was mentioning, I was speaking, keeping maintained mind because that is the app which I was referring to you when I told whatever distrust me. Only after using meant I it really like made my life much much easier because I was not sure whether I can tell that name or I was not sure whether he would be familiar, but after inputting everything into the mint up, like just giving the bank account details and all those things by, I mean not giving the bank of potatoes by setting up the bank account, it automatically looks into the due dates of my credit cards, my insurance and just as you remember you told me like remainder like four or five days before I exactly get like a remainder one week of five days before and it really really makes everything better. I was actually talking to you what he has to meant the towboat except that is something I really love. And you remember I was also speaking to you about budgeting it. I learned a lot from it. I'm sure you might have seen it because we just need to explore more because from the snapshot we might just see like we can see the war, view the transaction thousands. But when we go deep into the budgeting tool and exported to an excel, it exactly shows like how much we have sweat spent monthly, quarterly or on a yearly basis. Beat on our groceries, medical expenses etcetera etcetera. So that that is what I was actually uh referring to. Good. So you also use that frequently, is it?
then
it's
uh I was supposed to say then it's a double work. You loved her again in portrait and you think it it's rather not do it rather than doing it twice.
No, for me it is the third time.
Point.
well.
And.
Okay. But when was the first two sessions here? Last week?
Exactly for me as well. I didn't go on on thursday. I did it on on friday uh today. But for me the pattern was a little different because the very first person I spoke with was very experienced with this, Like she said that she did it almost fighting's I believe, I don't remember. And for the second person I feel he said like he did it a couple of things but I was not sure. Oh
But yeah I think they might be using pattern once. Like you have also had a couple of sessions, I also had a couple of sessions or maybe both of us are experienced in this and they thought that would have to make a pattern or a match, something like that
possibility.
See honestly that is something I really wanted to explore. I started thinking about it but I was really not your maybe uh they're trying to see how people converse or articulate something like that. That's what I thought. What do you think?
MR
Thank
you.
okay. Like a behavioral study?
Too much.
Like
do you feel like you spoke more? Okay. That's a good question. But the next question is how do you think your partner would have felt your partner would have felt you spoke more? She or he spoke more? The same question. They asked it from two perspectives. One is yours and the second one. What do you think your partner would have chosen? And just point of doing? Was he talking to, was he come? And the last part is crazy because based on honestly uh after this conversation, if they're asking like the if the person was calm or happy or third yes, we can answer all those things. But the last part, I don't remember that that question, it's like based on the conversation, how do you feel you're part of it is like uh Kind arrogant angry. I'm not sure about the exactly what it's like what I meant to faith it would ask something which is not at all relevant or something which we cannot judge. For example based on the 25 minutes conversation I cannot there are certain questions in which you cannot gauge me or I cannot get you. So even those kind of questions are asked. So maybe now I am really think like it's kind of for behavior psychological aspects maybe I'm not sure if I that was act all right but those kinds of things. Crazy stuff. But I'm sure if we can think so much. I'm very confident that the panel be just created the study differently. Would have had more number of people did much more experience and the purpose been doing this so yes definitely it will be and should be uh useful for them I think.
Okay specifically speaking I started using in the last week of august.
it's don't have months
well
grown
with both. Yeah.
Could
what
is
N. C. T.
four hours. Oh my God. Okay my longest I building was uh okay I had one for today's monday right? I had a study on saturday all of a sudden it popped and I got Like this when it was mentioned like $15 for 40 minutes. I was so short. Okay I thought okay might involve some good stuff under immediately turned off my tv send my kid to all and went into the study. But interestingly it was a game I need to play. I just need to play a game for 10-15 minutes. Very easy game followed by a social questions like you know right questions like in certain cut for some we need to choose the far right and for some we need to choose far left if we are very attentive. So those kind of questions and altogether it took me 40-45 minutes for $15. But it's the first thing they paid me so much. And for one
survey it was interesting.
No. What is that?
You
know
from
you know what? Let me be very honest. Gene you saved my day because without let me be very honest because I like the service and terrific. But I need to you know keep it active like every minute to see if it is available because there are certain things. It's not certain many services. The moment I click on it, it either says the researcher has paused for the study is full so honestly I don't finish them. And in order to get more perks and incentives I keep looking at prolific for like every 10 to 15 minutes. And I even asked, I raised a question and prolific asking them to either send me an alert through email or is there any other way? You're all right to get an alert? But either response I received was since there are so many people using it, we have stopped sending allowed uh to people. That's what I received. But I think it's a good way. And that could be the reason why I was not a very well speak up. I do not use a crew. I actually use uh age Microsoft
there. So you mean to say that there is a growing extension for prophetic?
Oh my God, What do you mean? You also get a sound a lot.
No,
at least I'm good in that I can modify the sounds as far as now that you have given me this end. I'm an expert in converting the sometimes all those things I can do. But the sad part is I did not know, don't know that there is such a good feature, you know that's the reason I used to keep refreshing. Like sometimes they book crazy because in beacons sometimes I do not have much work like doing some chores and all those things I complete within the big day. So when I'm watching T. V, I would just keep my laptop in the side, you know, rented for widescreen. So if there's like a survey available, like there will be a change that I can see immediately and I can click on. But I I used to do all those kinds of crazy stuff but now that you've told me, I thought I can ask you one more questions like how many songs he received in a day or in a week.
Yeah. In weakened it. Very
But yeah. Even, I mean the service, which I did most of them, like you say it's like maximum one or two minutes from one trick citing the name of the channel because that is the link I would see on the top. It would just be like for one or two minutes. But they pretty much good like between 30 cents to 50 cents if I'm not wrong the survey. But as you say, some, so there are certain surveys which go for a mhm. You know, a long time. But yes, they pay that locks and I think that was the alarm kneecap For 25 minutes. Is it the one with the
yard?
Okay. Yeah. So pretty much we're done I think and I once again, I really want to thank you for giving me that. People trust me. You're really save my going forward our case. It to be easy for me to take the proper feelings of is on his. Your manners. Thank you.
Alright then. Thank you so much. Bye bye.