Hello? Hi, can you hear me? I can't hear you. Hold on. Yes I do. Hi,
I'm
doing good. Hi, what's your name? I'm Caroline.
Hi Amber,
you too.
I'm in new york city. Where are you?
All right? Oh, that's so fun. Okay.
I live here. I just moved here actually last year in august um I came here to live with my husband because we've been like trying to decide back and forth wherever Tuesday in europe or come to the U. S. And I mean we settled for new york. So
yeah, very much like obviously, you know like this summer was imagined to go very differently.
but it is what it is and I still feel we're trying to make the best of it. So yeah. How are you doing? What are you doing?
congratulations.
So
you like
it?
that's all
the
whole
I
feel you. Yeah, totally.
How are people at the beach behaving actually like do you see people out there? Is it like a public beach? Do they have mosque?
no
that's more frustrating.
No, absolutely, I feel you like I don't have the ocean, but we live one block away from the river from the east River. Um so we have this gorgeous riverwalk and in the beginning um people in new york at least we're kind of like in the beginning, I mean like in around like March people were just not taking it that seriously yet and I was kind of like encountering the same issue where you know it was so packed because people were like oh you know like we're
just
going to
hang
out with
everybody. Uh and it was just it was really rough because I was kind of like already very nervous about that and seeing people just out there with no mask just like gathering together was really strange so but now at least everybody is kind of like really you know holding
holding on
to them.
it's
ridiculous.
are they okay
often.
So
no.
it was, it really was and like honestly like I feel for
me that's like one of the
scary part is that you can be asymptomatic right? And I'm just I mean I don't know yet, we like I haven't gone and got like an antibody test yet because also for me it's sort of like I don't want to be overthinking it too much but I also feel even if I get tested um it could be a false positive,
it could be a false negative like the tests
are just
not as refined just yet. Um so it's kind of like I don't know if I should get tested and
you know.
Real. Oh my God.
That's scary like
that's
what I mean like.
Of course. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's crazy
actually
And
it's Yeah.
No obviously and also because you know like I feel the problem was like I'm not on like the newest update when it comes to that but like I remember that there was this discourse that the tests are not necessarily reliable because there is no kind of like prefixed set of um I don't know companies or industries that would have made those tests with like CDC guidelines but that there is like so much competition in around the production of those test kits as well that you know it's just occurred and it's like hard to distinguish and it's hard also if you go to like uh I don't know, it just like a walk in city MD or something like that. It's hard to know which test kit they're using from which brand or something to really understand whether it's reliable or not.
I'm walking.
What do you
think?
No.
Which
you know like that's like my biggest pet peeve here was like living here and just like sort of like having come to the States and you know, knowing all of that in advance because you know, I come from Europe and for us like Universal healthcare, it's just like that's just the comment that's just like what I'm used to. Um And coming here like even just like in the beginning of the year when I just went to all of like my annual checkups and things like that, you know, like I just like was already so annoyed in a way that I still had to deal with so much paperwork around that because what I'm used to is I have my insurance card, I go to the doctor's office, I presented my insurance card, they scan it, I have my doctor's visit, I woke out maybe I have like a prescription for something. So you know, just I get that. But other than that I'm done like nothing, no paperwork,
I don't have to find anything, I don't have to pay for anything. You know, it's just,
it's just it's and then I come here and suddenly I have all of that paperwork and I have all of those bills and like even months after a doctor's visit,
I felt
get
and
I'm
just like what is going on? So
that was like strange. But of course, you know with the virus and hitting, I was really nervous because I just didn't understand how this is going to work and I'm just, you know, I don't know like I still, I just, I just feel this in general this entire year is just so freaking chaotic but also interesting with everything that's going on like starting with covid 19 and going on with like now the 2020 Black Lives Matter movement and everything. Like I feel politically it's so charged and there is this high demand that's always been there for certain like reform and changes and
everything. But I feel
it's just like it's peaking this year and it's just so crazy how everything
everything is sort of just like coming to this level of, you know, like you just can't turn away from it. You cannot.
I know
I'm
with you on
that, I'm working
on
that. I lost it.
brian
and then right and then it's like where it becomes so confusing that it's so polarized you know like it's again like for me this is also like sort of a conversation that I have a lot of course as well with like my friends around like the whole like two party system that is going on in the US and how strange that also is for me because I come you know like I'm
polish
but I also lived in Germany for a long time and I studied in the U. K. And it's just sort of like I'm very much used to just have like a multi party system where you have multiple
parties and yes you always have like the two big ones kind of like, but there's also still a very significant amount of other parties that have, you know, voting rights in the parliament and things like that. So it's been just like, it's been strange for me to figure
out
how the democracy works in the US because
it appeared so undemocratic, you know, like I've
I
have.
Oh
All right.
or
I'll
hurry. Yeah.
not at all.
but
also like eliminating and fear inflicting like this is, you know, like the current, this is what the current government really like feeds on is the fear of the people. And it's ridiculous because again like yes, of course. I mean, okay my point is always that it doesn't have to be in one extreme or the other. Like we're not saying that okay, we're a capitalist country and now it needs to shift into communism. Like nobody ever says that it's not one or the other. It's kind of like finding a balance where you know, the kind of like the foundational ideas of this country are still being you know, updated in that sense and are still being you know made accessible to everybody. And it's just something where it won't work. If people just don't understand and if people are just afraid and scared, then this will
work.
No.
What?
Before
suppressed.
What
is
it?
100%.
There has to be a regulation. And also like I for me it's just like for me it's more than
that there has to be regulations. It's just like if you really want to continue expanding the economy and continue
to sort of like providing this opportunity the
opportunity.
Exactly. It just needs to be because otherwise if you're just gonna wreck the planet is not gonna be any you know ground for growth anymore. It's just like I just don't get that. Like if you if you try to speak their language and if you try to kind of like come with those arguments and being like okay all right. Like if you if you're not interested for you know the environment for just the nature sake then just be egoistic like be selfish and just think
about
yourself.
And it's just like only because we're in such a like in that sense it's like luxurious position that we don't necessarily feel the consequences of like climate change and everything and all of the destruction just like firsthand although we do because if we're being honest we already do feel those consequences but we're just like a little bit better equipped into you know just like
dealing with them and therefore ignoring
them. You know like we just have a little bit more of that advancement going on. Um But it's just a matter of time until it's gonna catch
up and I just don't understand how first of all you like people still can't say like oh no it's not a problem. We're just not going to care and second how there is even such a thing as a denier, like how
can how, how
Well
the company,
it
all
looks
matter,
ever
mhm I know,
I know,
what,
Funny,
It
is, in a way, it absolutely is and it's like, it is, it's saddening that this is ultimately where it comes down to, but you know, like I do feel, I do still kind of like feel and hope and believe that, you know, it could be better. I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm at this point where I'm like, I'm trying so, so hard, so hard to not like point fingers anymore because it's like it's obviously not leading anywhere and especially if you have conversations with people that have differing views and differing opinions. It's very hard then I feel it has reached a point where even like, here in like, my my social circles, I had um Like I have two friends who actually back in 2016 voted for Trump and it's always been very, very, very hard for me to kind of like, except that especially being a recent immigrant
and
sort of like, you know, being the target
group of
and then they say to me like, you know, like it's just hard because like, if I have those conversations and I'm like, okay, so do you think it's ok what he's saying? Like, do you think that it's okay that he's taking rights away from from immigrants and everybody? Like, like I am an immigrant, like how do you feel if you would have prevented me from coming here and being part of, you know,
he
stopped me
and
he said,
what?
I'm standing
in
front of you.
Yeah. But also
like, you know,
Yeah, it was just disappointing as well to see how and don't get me wrong, like I'm on the same page with when it comes to the Democrats actually as you are, because I just like, I just feel let down and really disappointed by them. So the 2016 elections were from the beginning on, we're kind of like a lost game for me because like whether it's clinton or it's trump, it would have been like,
it should show to be honest. But
I
don't
like, God,
I'm like, honestly, I
mean, I'm
it's
just how
is that even possible?
And I'm just like, I don't, I don't know. Anyway. So it's just like, you know, it's just like the same thing with yeah, the same thing with like
biden
now. And it's just like, I I don't believe that any good will really come out of it. It's still going to be better of course, than trump. Um, but at the same time, Does it really even matter who is going to be voted in? Because like, the,
what is it, the electoral college here, right? Which ultimately
has
the last say. That's something in 2016 that I was so confused by again, when it comes to sort of like the understanding of what is a democracy, you know, what, what does it mean? It's actually like, it's supposed to be like power
to the
people and things like that. But then in the end, you know,
like the votes did not reflect the ultimate Canada and things like that. And it's just like this all something where it's just like why and why isn't there much more grassroots organizations and grassroots, you know, movements happening to really change that. And,
you know, my husband always tries to kind of like take a little bit that mediating role in these conversations where he then tries to explain to me or kind of like advocates for like, no, there is movement happening, but it's like, just like really hard and everything. And it's come to a point though where I'm struggling to really believe
that. But
do
you think it's dangerous for like actual, like grassroots, um, like
grassroots groups to
have?
Here we come.
It's
But
One
would think everybody would agree.
Why?
No.
Now.
Well yeah. Well the question is then what can we do because again like I feel I have reached personally a point where I am done with finger pointing, I am done with being like oh they did that and they said that and then they did this and you know like I just want to understand what an individual can actually do to sort of like spark change and you know advocate for sustainability on all levels on all levels.
no.
What?
I
don't think so that he thinks that I'm pretty sure
he does, I'm pretty sure he thinks that he's doing the best for himself and seeing that he's being cheered on by others. He really generally probably thinks that
I'm
doing
a good thing because other people because other people like that like what I'm doing and they agree and it's
just like, oh okay, you know, so yeah, but like I feel, you know what,
I feel like you're, it's like yes outspoken, the thing of being outspoken, like that's always a factor, but to really put on pressure, I think the financial issue, like the financial pressure is going to be the one that speaks the loudest like unfortunately, but if that is what needs to be done and that is what needs to be done and I guess like the burden there or the like the threshold there is kind of like doing your research and you know, skipping away from convenience and being like not just going to the store and just buying something quickly because you just need it right now and it's convenient to do that. But actually doing that research like which brands are behind certain other brands, you know like it's
What about
what
now?
it
makes
you just be
a little bit more aware and also more appreciative of what you have and things like that and it's like I feel you like I feel the manufacturer again it's just like so big because how can you for example tell a family like a low income family too, you know shop somewhere where it's much more expensive like it's really hard.
It's really
hard. Especially now with like unemployment rates and everything and it's just yeah, it's a long way. So I feel it's a long way. But
they commit.
no.
I'm worried I'm just like that's my biggest concern for the environment, that's you know
that's
fine.
I'm
so pleasantly surprised this was like come on.
no.
it's good, it's good and especially today I've been having kind of like that bit of a dark day where it's just like politics so
it
was
actually really nice. Thank you so much. Alright.
You
you as well. Thank
you so much. Take care. Bye.