Hello. How
are you?
I'm Amber, nice to meet
you. Where
are you? Where are you based?
I am in Orange County. In California.
What do you do in new york?
Are you happy?
Of course. Yeah.
I'm good. I I went I was initially from Hawaii and then I moved to California for college. So I graduated in May of 2019. And
now I thank you. Well that was a while ago. Thank you.
And then um now I'm just working. Yeah I stay in California and I work here. Um
and
work is online. Yeah I like it. I think that um California is strange with coronavirus at least because people don't really care around here. And um that's weird. But um other than that I like getting any live a block away from the beach. So it's hard to be upset. It's really
to
just
walk, go to the sand and
go to the water.
It
is a public beach. No, they don't. Especially because where I am specifically in California is O. C. N. O. C. Is very conservative and not very
uh I don't know. They just pretend like it's not a problem here and they don't really listen, they do their own thing. So
it is frustrating because I just want to be close to the ocean but the attitude is annoying. So.
I
don't
have
work,
I'm free.
and
in
good places in good places in the United States, like people are listening. Um But I have a few friends in new york two and they ended up actually getting it because there was like 20% of the population in New york I think at one point that I have it or God
had gotten
it or something crazy. Yeah. Well I mean it's so like everything is so packed all the time and so a few of my friends in new york got it and um
yeah, yeah, they're totally fine.
They didn't even have symptoms, they just like they just lost their sense of smell for a few days, all of them. Yeah, it was totally fine. And yeah, now they they left in new york and went back to Hawaii because I didn't have work, so I just went back to Hawaii to be with my family
and um they were back there and they just said new york was crazy when it
started. Yeah,
thank
you.
Well
of
course.
I
know, I know it's strange. My friend signed up to get a test here in California and she didn't show up to the test, like she missed it or something, something happened I forget and she's got a positive result back in her lab. She didn't even go
hey
I
think
I know I'm like but also I think it's just like I've been trying to because now that I'm back in California, I've been trying to get a test so that I can go into my work because I work at a lab so I want to be able to go in and have a c and have multiple monitors and be able to do more work than I can on my small laptop. And
uh I want to get a test so I can be sure because I don't interact with anyone. I don't go out like I don't we're going to walk on the beach maybe and or my mask. Um
but I couldn't even make an appointment. So I think it's, most of the mess up is the sheer volume of testing that's going on. Everything is, there's just no appointments available. I've been checking for the past two weeks every day, several times
So
yeah, it's, it's crazy. And so
I think,
I think margin of error is just much bigger with that kind of volume of testing.
And I mean one of the cons of the United States is that, I mean, I guess it's made a lot of people a lot of money, but there's like whole like globalization, capitalization, consumerism type thing. When something like this happens
because we're a capitalist economy and everything is provided on production,
quantity
and money making. Then what happens is what matters is the quantity of results that companies can get out to make money. What doesn't matter is the accurate, the accuracy of those tests, the quality of those tests and that kind of thing. And the government I think at the beginning of Covid did release a financial incentive for companies to produce tests. So I'm not sure how the C. D. C. Monitored that or intervened. I have really no idea and I mean it's just impossible to keep track of there's no like unified healthcare
kind of initiative in the United States and that's kind of the results
one.
I know.
I know.
Months
after months
after. I know.
I
know
I know.
of
course
lot of people
I know I mean it eventually gets there no matter what if there's a boiling point for everything and that's what's happening right now and we'll see what happens. I really have no idea. I mean, this is a huge election here and um I really don't know what's going to happen, I mean, I
I don't know, it's
gonna be,
I
think
that
I don't know, the United States is so strange because it's so it's like almost not even real life, like this is the president that we have and this is our reality and it somehow doesn't affect our lives, but it does every day, and it's like this thing and it's uh it's a celebrity thing, it's not even like uh is it a good person that's leading the country? It's a popularity contest and it's contentious. Everybody hates each other for these ideologies that at the end of the day, like we all really care about the same stuff like being healthy
and wanting a successful economy, I mean nobody who doesn't want that, so
the
cops.
good call.
it's
everywhere.
It's
I mean at the end of the day it's not because it's not really up to us at the end of the day the I mean yeah, basically you can create a situation where it's democratic and capitalist. Okay. That's how the United States started. And
then
even even marks like predicted this, what happens after enough time with that kind of thing is a broad economy that objectifies human life and puts money over everything and a corrupt government that does the same. And so really what's happening in the government is the only people that have say is not the masses is not the people that have their different. Okay
I'll be a diverse beliefs but still equally represented in the system. What's happening is it's so strange and it's like this
kind of repetitive lee patriarchal, male
oriented
white
based thing where everybody's in with each other and they all know each other, anybody that has a lot of money, whether it be the president, the people that have the most money in the country and our politicians are the most in bed with each other. Like they are the ones that know each other. So it's not about what we think or what we feel and this kind of bipartisan system, even though we do have other parties, you have the Green Party, we have these other like little things, but at the end of the day, like Mhm about to them is quote unquote a waste of a vote. I mean that's like how it's said all the time, even though I feel like my beliefs would probably align more closely with someone from the Green Party, you know, I would appreciate essay and that kind of thing. And at the end of the day, it doesn't matter, it's just it's just it's this contentious bipartisan system that creates a divide within the whole entire country to spark contention, distressed and confusion and the kind of language that they use in politics isn't the kind of language that's accessible to the majority of the country. So
it's made to be confusing, it's made to be uttering, it's made to be provocative in terms of fighting
and
And
I think that a lot of the it's so strange because basically to keep the United States I guess it makes sense. But so it's not strange but to keep the United States
kind of, we are democratic, not in the party sense, but in the kind of we are the people, we are independent, We are like capitalists, like we are proud, like that kind of stuff has been going on forever. And communism
has always been shamed, not only in the government, but historically, like for decades it's always like, oh, you're communists. Like it's like this whole entire thing that's like this bubble evil massive heard and it's tied to like all this like crazy
kind of like
paraphernalia and propaganda and all this stuff. We're at the end of the day, it's just a set of ideas. It's a set of ideas. It's not, it's, I mean, I mean in the United States, communism has always been tied to very corrupt evil people and that's just how they've made it. And this country though financially success. I mean, I don't even know, I mean we're trillions of dollars in debt, but somehow, I guess we're financially successful. I really don't know, I don't know anything about the economy. I cannot speak to how we stack up against other countries, but no matter what. At the end of the day, us being a capitalist and consumerist society is not only perpetuating slave labor, which used to be in the United States of like people that were native to the land or people that we used as slaves, but now it's just being offshored. It's the same thing. It's just happening in another country now and it's still american companies and also just the absolute destruction of the environment. So what do we care about, like as a society, I guess we really do just care about money and keeping our lifestyle is exactly the same. And I wouldn't be surprised if that's really what everybody wants, if everybody just wants to for everything to stay the same all the time, but everybody's so everybody in this country or I guess Americanism like being
a United States
citizen,
being an american is being like pro capitalism, pro business, like pro, all of these things and that's what took root in are the beginning of the country was wanting this free economy and wanting this like absolute freedom to just like expand infinitely. But at the end of the day, that's the, that's not the cost of human lives and the environment and there has to be regulation on that. There
has to be so,
what?
It
has to be
sustainable.
Like
at the end of the day,
like the, the things that you do to the world come back to you. I mean, that's just, that's like basic. So
Like,
this game.
Looking.
I know.
It's american. It's it's it's, I'm telling you it comes from this conglomerate bipartisan system in the country that leads this whole entire country and the money is
in the hands of the destroyers, whether it be in the meat industry, in the oil industry, their industry, all these industries that are having the biggest impact on the environment are the industries that have the biggest say in what goes on in american politics from, from, from suggesting what the right diet is to perpetuate meat and dairy to causing as much confusion as possible. The way to get nothing done
socially is to cause confusion. How did George Floyd die? We don't really know if it was the police or not. Like causing that kind of confusion is what makes people polarize because then there's two sides provoking
confusion means there's two sides to
be seen
when there
shouldn't be. Yeah, exactly. So it's, it's, it's the goal for there to be confusion and Since the beginning, whatever the motivation comes from and I think the government has had a huge party in this and I think, and I think it's also the Democratic Party. I think that no matter what party it is, it's all fake, it's all the same. The money is coming from the same places we
are in 2020. We have fucking computers as phones that fit into our back pocket and we're still relying on oil and gasoline. No,
that makes no sense. It's
been like how long like hundreds and hundreds of years since we first started being into coal and all
this combustion destroying shit like this. There's no way like that's all about who has the roots and that and there's so much generational kind of huge money and wealth and that type of thing. Like texas, tycoons like these oil Frackers like it's insane the kind of wealth that's in there and it's never, it's not going to go away until it's like turned over on its belly and honestly like do I trust like democratic party to do that, who I consider to be more liberal on the face of it? Like honestly, no, it's because the United States government is so corrupt at the end of the day, it's not about interest for the community or the planet or our future generations or whatever its interest for mm status and popularity and
uh money materialism and uh being selfish like being american is the existence as an american is
just so selfish.
We'll be back
in the door.
They
don't see that. Yeah. They don't.
He kicks me out or he makes me leave.
Like
your
political
choices affect your personal life. Like I
am here, I am your friend. And it's
for some
reason
it's like dissociated. It's like this is so far away and extract and this is so out of our own control that like it's so powerless in the sense that like you're voting for this thing and you really have no idea what's going to come from it. There's not like there's no transparency
and
there's no like realization. Yeah.
Bad.
And same now though. I mean, I'm not a big fan
of
fighting.
It's
that
we're such a joke.
We honestly
like so bad. I know. So
bad
with
the height.
look at that.
Thank
you.
My
profit.
Actually,
I know.
I
yeah, I really don't know. And
I,
Yeah,
I think it's, I
think it's physically dangerous. I think that when like there's so much power behind the scenes that we don't know about that. I think dissenting opinions are having, having a mhm. Uh an opinion that goes against the motives and desires of those that possess the wealth and power at least in America, not probably the whole world. Um it's physically dangerous. I think that if you get enough attention, can you speak out enough as an activist, you're
in physical danger if not from from those organizations that have the power from people that rally so hard for these crazy beliefs that are like greatly like being like, I mean I was protesting here for Blm here and where I live in Newport Beach, which is like super conservative, I was trump flags everywhere. Like it's very crazy. It's very, it's like, it's really like a different reality out here from Hawaii, Hawaii is super liberal, very pro environment, very sweet, very loving, very kind and here is just like completely different and I like being close to the ocean so I deal with it, but it's very frustrating and someone just drove a car through the crowd that we were protesting it. So if it's not, if you're not physically in danger, if you have enough of a voice and you're not physically endangered by the people that you're speaking out against, then you're physically endangered by the people, by the people of the community around you that support
the people, you're going again just because it's so polarized just because people feel so strongly the way they do about these things. And it's I mean isn't there like more to life than being so upset about this kind of thing? Like like politics, I mean I think that being so upset about Republican or democrat when it really makes no difference, What the fuck goes on in the country, there's so much more to life, like
caring about things that matter, like fighting for things that matter. I mean, but what matters to everyone I guess is different. I mean to me it's like the planet and like the quality and like things that seem like important for the progress of humanity.
But um
Yeah one would but yeah, it's pretty, Yeah, it's crazy. I mean the 4th of July here was mm I just have never seen anything like it. It felt like there were there were more trump flags here than I've ever seen in previous years.
This year, of all years, this year of all years, so, so, so much tension, there's just so much tension right now, it's becoming more polarized right now. I think this
is as much as like people in my life, my personal life has been heated about republican democrat type situations right now. Um I think that right now is the most kind of conflict I've seen between
political affiliation ever ever in my life, in my life families.
I know it's a voice over social media and and being a, the thing that has power in this country is money, so I I just don't support financially, I do my best unless I literally have to to support companies that I believe in there and that's what speaks the most in this country. And there's one of you, there's one of your voices, but there are hundreds if not thousands of dollars that you spend every month and where that goes is important and what you say and people in your personal circle that say things that aren't okay, you know, expressing your opinion or not and not uh like canceling them I guess the cancel culture thing, like not canceling them, like not saying like I'm not talking to you anymore because of these beliefs but actively engaging in explaining your position and like trying to get them to see something differently because their beliefs who they are is the result of their upbringing. The things that they've experienced, the opinions that they've been exposed to. So everybody has their reason, everybody has reasons for the things that they do and every single person would probably think that they're a good
person. So the combination of those two things, even if it's so crazy to us, they think they're
doing the best that they can and even though it's not good to anybody else and there's the rare few like trump that's just bad and I would I would be really surprised
if he sat down and was like I'm a good person, I'm genuinely a good kind person, I would be shocked.
huh.
It's like he's doing a good job,
I'm
great.
It's
crazy.
being a smart consumer is the biggest thing that you can do in the country because most, most like if you go to, I don't know what really common grocery stores there are in new york, but if you go to something like a whole foods, of course, I mean it's it's owned now by Jeff Bezos, even though it started as a good company now, it's owned by amazon and and but if you go to like just your typical grocery store that would have like just very like simple brands like uh Maria pasta or like Lay's chips or like these companies like those really big companies are the issues really big meat meat producers like Tyson, like all of these like meat companies, those are the things to avoid like shopping or shopping at mom and pop shops, like the small companies, especially right now that needs support. And these things are the things that make a difference because how many times just for it's so much easier to just go to the convenience store CVS and just go grab something really quick. But CVS is fine. The things, the companies that aren't fine and the companies that matter are the companies that really support individuals and like intelligently source their products and that would be something like, I don't even know like a mom and pop like here we have a mother's grocery series
that is like,
you know, sustainable and so on. And even
though it's more expensive, like at the end of the day, like it makes you, it makes you consume even less if it's more expensive. So I mean it's,
it's shocking at first, but then it's better for everybody in the long run. So
even
yourself.
it's
super hard.
All we can do is take a day by day and as
younger, younger people come in politics, it will get better and better with time.
And then there will be a new wave and it's, it's the process. It's, it's like cyclic thing and it's a process. And I just hope that the planet makes it up
Yeah. You know, I have to go.
It
was so
lovely talking to you.
My last one. I did this a second. This is my second time doing it and lost. It was very nice
to people are nice in general, which is always like, I'm like, that's nice.
I know.
I'm
glad.
It was so nice to meet you.
Good luck in new york,
bye.