Hi.
Good. How are you?
What's your name?
Cat
this drinking too. Where are you from?
Oh wow, that's cool. What's it like in boston?
uh Southern California. Yeah.
We never have like any seasons really. It's like 65-75° where I live the whole year
record.
Why did
you move to boston?
Mhm.
that's cool. What does your partner do? Okay.
huh,
let's go.
I'm
Yeah.
Middle
School. So 6 78. It
is what they're so fun. They're just so much more open than high school students to, I don't know, to learning and to the world. Just in general
for
the,
yeah, I teach language arts and social studies. Mhm.
no,
no,
I don't even remember. So tired. I worked. Uh So um, what do you do?
Uh huh.
that's cool. How long have you been doing that?
Do
you like
that working remotely?
it's
hard, it's hard.
Yeah, they don't, yeah, they're not letting anyone back in the classroom yet here, so it's really hard on the kids there,
they're struggling because a lot of them don't have parents who can help them. Mm
so
they don't know how to fix it, you know, I have like 10 year olds who are trying to get on the computer by themselves because their parents are at work, so. Mhm.
Yeah.
yeah, I think they're, yeah, they're pretty attentive, they're open to changing their mind about things and I live, I love that about them. You can really influence them in a positive way.
Yeah.
Oh no, go ahead. Good and
mm
well language arts is usually the same, like read a story, we're doing characters and setting and stuff like that. Um Social studies, my sixth graders are doing ancient civilizations.
7/7 grade is middle ages and eighth grade is U. S. History. Yeah.
Yeah.
So
I'm
do you like the do you like social studies or? Mhm.
Most
people,
Um We do kind of talk about some things, but it's very, I have to be careful what I say, that some of your parents are a little intense.
Hello?
it's really, it's really difficult. I just I try not to give any opinions about anything, but and it's funny you see how divided the kids are based on what their parents believe and so trying to get them think for yourselves and then make a decision. Mhm. Mhm.
Which is really difficult. But do you have
any kids?
Do
you? Oh I
love dogs
person.
What's
your name? Yeah I have one kid and one dog like ticket mm
That's
good. Oh
five yeah
I'm
home schooling him too. Yeah
it's crazy.
I I work a lot I work a lot but and I have my dogs like a 30 only 30 £35.
She's a mix to black lab and pharaoh hound. Yeah.
Is your dog a rescue or? Mhm.
Thank you.
good,
£80. She must be huge. Yes.
uh does your partner like dogs too? Mhm.
just probably work, I have to clean my house.
what about you? Mhm,
Mhm
Yeah.
Yeah.
everything,
that's true. So they didn't take it seriously in ST louis,
believe
wow, that's
wow,
I didn't, are there like a lot of trump supporters, like hardcore trump supporters? They, or they just don't Mhm.
Mhm,
mm hmm.
Yeah, they're just, yeah,
that's just their life and they don't know any different. Yeah.
Yeah.
hmm.
On
the
coast,
I can't imagine like I've lived in California all my life, I can't imagine living somewhere else. And like my sister moved to texas and like a rural area because her husband got a job there, she's like these people are crazy like they don't wear mess there just like everywhere. And I uh it's so different but yeah. So how Oh go ahead.
Yes. How long do you think you'll stay in boston? Oh.
Mhm.
mm.
So
did you move into a house or an apartment? Yeah
and
Yeah.
I
don't get
it.
that's good. Are there places to walk your dog or they're like dog parks or just regular parks? You can walk your dog? Mm.
that's
That sounds really fun. That's awesome. Yeah.
we're gonna like ventura is like an hour north of L. A. And it's a beach community so we can walk around. But everyone here take wears masks even when they're walking their dog. So it's very different. So yeah we can walk our dog. I don't take them to the park because there are a bunch of people but we walk around the neighborhood, we have a backyard but we can't really go anywhere. He was excited when you got to ride in the car the other day. Yeah. Yeah
but it's a lot it's hard for them to stay inside. Not go anywhere for so long. I mean yeah even to the store he's like can I go to the store to and I'm like no no you can't. I just
hope uh
it's a lot and you can see it in their, even the kids I teach like you can see the effect it's having on, it's having on them, so
they're
more restless. Oh yeah, a lot of depression, like a lot of kids, they just, they missed that social interaction and you know, some of them have really hard family lives and they're stuck at home with their family and there's no escape for them, so they're just, yeah, and there's nothing I can do to change that for them, I can't, you know, I can't make it better and at least when they were at school they had 78 hours away from that situation. Yeah.
Yes,
I feel so bad for that. I just, I wish I could just fix it, but yeah, but no, no. Um do you want kids? Mhm.
mm.
would you do with your dog and your dog stay? Mm
Mhm,
Mhm
that's
cool. Where was your favorite place that you got to go? Mhm.
Yeah.
mm.
mm
mm.
Mhm,
that's cool. So does your partner mostly go to asian countries when? Mhm,
Mhm,
Yeah.
mm.
that's really cool. Mhm
I would think so fine. And does he try to recruit students or? Okay,
Mhm
so
that's really
cool, does he offer scholarships to them because I can't imagine? Okay, wow, that is so cool, does he speak multiple languages or just Yeah and
what does he speak, which one does he speak?
mm,
Mhm, wow, he's he must be super smart, wow, that's incredible,
have you ever wanted to learn one of those languages or?
wow, good for him, I'm so jealous, he gets to travel to all those places, that's amazing,
I
love to travel when I have the money and there's no virus, but
but like I I've gone to europe, I'm gonna like Italy and England and stuff, but I'd really like to go to Asia, like I'd love to, but I'm not going to travel anytime soon, so
that's true.
Have you
been to other countries in Asia? No,
thank
you,
Let me, yeah. Mhm.
I'd like to go to china in Japan for sure. Yeah, those are, who had really just because there's so much history like I love, I love that. Um yeah, those are the two weeks ago. Um the most, what about you? Where would you like to go that you haven't been? Mhm
Shit.
So amazing to get to travel. Do you think you will travel in a couple of years to anywhere or? Mhm.
Money,
No,
I'd
be more worried flying out of somewhere here and
then go into another country. I don't even know a lot of them don't even want us to come.
Act
it's
so bad. That's
what have you ever been to africa? Oh
you have where it's cool
sorry I would love to travel more
wow. Well I hope you get to travel soon.
Alice.
I know right that
other countries will let us come and visit them but I
don't know. Yeah.
you just close this tab and go back to the tab uh
the original page and then at the bottom there's an arrow click on that. It will take you to the survey. Mhm.
Mhm.
It
was talking to you too. Bye
you too bye.