SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Goodbye munchkin. Do go darling. What am I doing? I'm doing one of those top things so I need you to go away. What you want to see yourself? Yeah. Who's that? Pretty girl? No, don't touch it. Don't touch it. Put it on the floor. Do I look like your tray? Yeah. Don't touch don't touch it. Look don't touch. You'll mess it up now. Okay? He says he wants to take pictures with you. See this is gonna take pictures with you. She's gonna take pictures. She wants to see herself and she can herself in my web camp. Yeah. Stop touching my laptop like that. Since he says she's gonna go take pictures with you. Oh this is going to take pictures by herself. Oh you need a pretty girl in there. No ali please stop. You're gonna have to close my bedroom door sweetheart. Always. I'm sorry. But you know this is this is money so I can't really we have to do that because the more money I have the list I have to, you're really pissed off. Well. Better to be pissed off than pissed off. My my, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Care of me. Yeah, whip comes on. Where in the heck is it? Mhm. Oh, come on. Seriously. You're killing me here. Yeah. What does she do to my laptop? Of course. She's doing something in my laptop right before I need it. Of course. Of course. Of course. Because why with Olivia? Grace not. Yes. Heck did she do, did she sticky keys something? Yeah, you might. Well, let's see. Yeah, that's what she did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It will be a grace. You mucked up my laptop. Yeah. Take you five seconds. You know? Uh Yeah. What? Mhm. Uh That's what I wanted. Yeah. Hi, Hi. Hi Olivia. I don't want to talk to you right now, please. Yeah. Mhm. What? Olivia? I'm really not in the mood honey. Yeah. Mhm mm. Party. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah. In stock on november 4th O. G. How nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To do this. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: How are you today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good having you
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: estimate
SPEAKER_R: Normally when I, I've, I've gotten two of these before, normally I sit in the waiting room for like 20 minutes and it's like, okay, so,
SPEAKER_L: too early birds. I usually just sit around and I've I've never not had somebody beyond time. I'm really lucky like that I guess. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For me, I, I've done two and then I was supposed to one last month and then something came up and I couldn't do it and I was like, I'm probably never going to get to do this again.
SPEAKER_L: french.
SPEAKER_R: But then when I saw it, I was like, well this is cool because both times have just been phenomenal. There's, I, I don't know what better labs does, but they get some really great people.
SPEAKER_L: I agree. I have had some phenomenal conversations as well. I really
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: have I've really enjoyed it. Clary.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm just, by the way, I didn't introduce myself.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Jason. I'm kelly.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you very,
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too. Excuse my hair. Apparently I didn't bother to brush it today
SPEAKER_R: don't worry if it makes you feel any better. I didn't, I didn't either
SPEAKER_L: and make you feel any better. I wish I didn't have to worry about it.
SPEAKER_R: tirana. So, um,
SPEAKER_L: Um One of the people that would be glad to have no hair
SPEAKER_R: sure. Um, you know, for me, it was one of those that just kind of snuck up on me in high school, I had a whole head of hair and then all of a sudden, right out of high school, it started to get shorter and then finally I got to the point, I'm like, you know what, just shave it off, it's just it's so much easier to deal with, I don't have to play around with it. Um I bought my own shaver so I can do it myself, it works
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: out pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: I do my hair myself too so probably it's a little uneven, I'm going to be honest, I don't look at the top of my head very much, I'm just being lazy.
SPEAKER_R: quick, but how's everything going? Pretty well,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm having all right time. I just got through babysitting my daughters, fathers, girlfriends, kids if that's not a mess, it's my uh daughters father's girlfriend who he left me for when I was pregnant with my daughter. But we've got a good relationship so it works out all right.
SPEAKER_R: sure I'm a teacher, so believe me, I've seen every combination of family and its family, that's all that matters, you know? And Yeah, and then I come from a stupidly large family, my uh dad's side has 11 brothers and sisters, my mom's side has 10, so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's no combination I haven't seen and at the end of the day like said I've, you know my aunt Myrna would be a good example. She divorced my uncle flip 40 years ago, 40 years ago. They were like no hopes, this doesn't work, they are still friends. She comes to all the family parties, we celebrate her birthday. It's like she never left, you know, and people are like, that's weird. I'm like, no, it isn't, it's family like you know, you don't get to choose, you know, I mean I guess you couldn't that respect but you
SPEAKER_L: Damn.
SPEAKER_R: know, you shouldn't, she did put 20 years in just He
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: just decided
SPEAKER_L: her 12 months.
SPEAKER_R: that after 20 years of being married to my ankle flip, that was too much.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't imagine. Well, you know, family is what you make of it really? Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is and there ain't no need in this day and age to be all uh what sort I'm looking for combative with the other person. It's not good for the kids.
SPEAKER_R: No, and if as a teacher I can tell you, I've seen it in every permutation, you know, couples to get along and you know, foster a great relationship between the kids and the parents and it works so well. And I've seen kids used as pawns And it's awful because, you know, the 11 year old, their nine year old, their seven year old or five year old or whatever. They can't conceptualize why mom and dad aren't together. And then you add in different dynamics and then, you know, they, they openly hate each other. So then it's, you know, the kids have to pick sides and it just leads to bad outcomes, you know, and um, you know, I talked to high school for many years. I teach in the middle school now and it just breaks my heart when I see stuff like that because it's like, you know,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: maybe you guys were destined to spend, you know, the rest of the time together, but you made a kid and the kid deserves at least two functioning parents. Maybe not liking each other, don't have to like the other person, but you can fake it, you know, the time you're around each other.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But really for the kids? Better men? Not for yours. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: that's so sad.
SPEAKER_R: but that's cool though that you're able to do that because you know, that does provide a great example for your daughter and then it also provides the right example for life, you know, that, you know, even no matter how bad it was, it can be better. That's really
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah I think so. Well thank you. So are you teaching virtually now? Are you actually
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in schools?
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting. I'm teaching virtually because my school district decided um in the summer, they were like, yeah, this is gonna be bad, we're not gonna we're gonna just stay virtual. Um And then we have like a health dashboard based on the number of cases. And else wise, my wife school on the other hand, um they're back full time and they're they're dropping teachers almost every day, there kids every day. And it's just, it's a really, I don't know, there's no great answer because there's no, that, that the biggest thing, every decision has bad outcomes attached to it. And none of them have really good ones. Like for me, you know, I'm not gonna get sick because I'm around, you know, my, my, my own kids are home, but um, but you know, they're not going anywhere. So it's safe.
SPEAKER_L: And then.
SPEAKER_R: Um, my wife could bring something home conceivably, but, and hopefully not. But the flip side is it's not the same. You know, when I'm in school, I walk up to a kid, Hey, well, let me see your work. Okay. I see where you went wrong here. Let me help you with that on the computer. They put their, you know, they turn their screen off, their turn the sound off. They're doing Tiktok, you know, that's not good. You know, you know, the other flipside is when you're doing virtual, you got the parent the background. Like I was talking through how to do a math problem in the parents. Like you're doing it wrong now. This really how you do it. You don't know what you're talking about. Pretty confident. I do. Let's, let's, let's get to the, but let's get to the end of the problem and I'll reverse my work and I'll show you how to do it. Oh my God, you were right. I thought you were wrong. Well, you know that whole having taught this before, you know, you know, but you have empathy for the parent because they're going through heck. I mean, you know their kids are at home, my kids are at home. I get it. Hey dad, can I eat this? I don't give a hello, kitty, go ahead, Eat whatever you want. I'm gonna go to work right now. I do what you do. Just be loud, don't swear and don't get me fired, that's not what? Whereas, you know, the parents, you know, they're coming home and their middle school kids and you know, it's tough and you know, they want their kids in school because you know, school is, it's, you know, I tell people, school is not about the learning, you'll learn exponentially more outside of life than you ever will within the four walls of our school. It's just, it's a fact. But the socialization, the norms, all that stuff that you learn in school are things you just can't learn elsewhere, you know, like dealing with stupid people that's life skill, You see it in school, you're like, wow,
SPEAKER_L: It is.
SPEAKER_R: my buddy john is kind of stupid. Well, I'm going to see how john does it, nope it that way, You can't wear that just at home.
SPEAKER_L: No. No you can't learn that from a book. No you can't. There's just no no conceivable way way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then, you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: know, the being around, you know carrying adults that have different experiences. Like, you know, my parents were high school dropouts, you know, going to school meant I was surrounded by people that had gone on the college, gone onto the trade's gone into the military. So you have an outlook that's different. I mean, I couldn't even imagine if this happened to me 20 years ago because you know, in my household, my dad dropped out of school, got a job, my mom had dropped out, got a job and that was the world that I knew now, you know, and that's something that, you know, and there's so many kids that don't get that, You know, they, and then, you know, they're carrying adults like I've worked with kids for 15 years now and there's kids I know I saved their lives. You know that they were in spots where you know, if they would have stayed on the trajectory of their on they were going to we'll be in a bad place. That's need to know that I had played a part in that. And then I've also learned from my kids, like you know sometimes I'll go, how did you do that? Awesome now on, that's how I'm going to do it and that's you know, it's a it's a cool experience, not an easy job, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: can tell people
SPEAKER_L: normal.
SPEAKER_R: that, you know, but let's go. But I've talked a lot. You should talk.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm a good listener.
SPEAKER_L: don't know. I'm enjoying I'm enjoying it because I I appreciate what teachers do.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: are so underrated. Um And you get so much flak from the from the parents. I mean you guys take so much like a my ex's girlfriend should be like I don't like this teacher because she's I'm like these people don't know. I mean they're not used to teaching in a virtual environment. They don't know. You know. Plus you you're on like some kind of weird shift. you work 11 like one a.m. The 11 a.m. And you know they don't know when to contact you and your shift different than their shift and they ain't got nobody else to call and you know it's it's all just a learning experience and poor teachers you'll take it rough. I mean are you all get it rough rather? I mean I wish we valued teachers more. one Good teacher is is life changing And this hate to I hate to say it but I mean the state of our education system is just terrible. I don't know what state you're in. I know texas is pretty bad.
SPEAKER_R: Sure we're in Wisconsin, so uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: as bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but it's still uh oh I have friends that live in actually have family lives in Houston and um you know, they talk about their education system but at least we can both agree it's still way better than florida.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I have some family now there and here like they moved from
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: florida
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: to texas and it was like oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: there's florida is? I don't know if it's like the appendix that needs removed or you know if there's something wrong with the whole state of florida. I love how you know every time you get something weird on the internet, everybody's like, it's florida man, florida woman, because They're weird. I lived in Florida, Oh Gosh, 20, Not not quite 20 years ago, just shy of 20 years ago. And um they didn't sell alcohol on Sundays, I mean me and me, I was like, well texas sells alcohol on Sundays, but it's It's only for like six or 7 hours during the day. So I was I went to the supermarket on a saturday and like why are people buying mouthwash by, you know, three or four or five bottles and then you can't need that much mouthwash. I mean, come on now, and my ex husband, he had to tell me, he said, yeah, they're not taking it to wash them out there, taking it to drink because they have no alcohol on a sunday. And it's like what? That's just really, it just boggled my mind. And it's it's so weird because in Tampa um there's this place called Keyboard City uh and all it is is like shoved in there, a little mild place and all there is is bar after bar after bar. But yet the rest of florida, you can hardly find a drink if you want one. So florida is the strangest place I've ever lived. I have stories, nightmare stories. So she's not a good place and they're not alligator related,
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay, my my wife's sister lives in Tampa and uh that's where I thought of when I thought of florida because her her son goes to florida schools and she's like I know Wisconsin schools weren't great but I had to tell my teacher how to do a fraction the teacher and I was like I'm like okay well you know, I'm sure maybe she just didn't explain it, right? And then she showed me the email and I was like oh God, this lady doesn't know fractions what, but that's
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: have they certify their teachers
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's a it's awful down there. It's I don't know, I like I
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: have, well, you know, my family's super large, so I have a cousin that teaches in a florida virtual school, I have my wife's sister who's down there in in Tampa and I have family all over the place and it's just, it's crazy like the two that I was most appalled by where florida for my wife's sister and then Louisiana when my cousins were down there, it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was bad. I mean our worst school district in Wisconsin is Milwaukee public schools by far, like, yes, and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: then like everybody else is better by leaps and bounds. And my cousins that had come up from Louisiana were failing out mps and I was like,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: oh my God, like I know they're not the smartest branch of archery, that's ok, But God, gosh, darn failed out of mps. and and the worst thing was it wasn't like they weren't showing up and not doing their work, like they were failing like didn't understand the stuff and I'm like, oh my God, like, you know, thinking of, you know the schooling that I had, I'm like if you showed up they were supposed to you're fine, you passed, it wasn't that bad if you're failing trying, how bad was the education before you got here? And it
SPEAKER_L: poof.
SPEAKER_R: was awful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. I just, yes. Olivia. No, not right now. Sorry. My daughter's like flipping or gored
SPEAKER_R: totally understand.
SPEAKER_L: like no, stay out there. I'm not dealing with you right now. I'm having a mommy break. Uh huh. I'm tired of kids. Her little brother, her hat well half brother. But you just call my brother, he's uh 10 months. She's too on Halloween. So they were very close in age, not only that, but he's such a monster shot and she's such a little runt of a child that they're about the same size. It's really strange. So he was over here and then uh her, we call her Susie, but she's not sissy, you're of my blood, but you know, and she was over and she's five, so I was like, oh I'm done with kids for today. Done, done,
SPEAKER_R: understand.
SPEAKER_L: I love him, but I'm so old. I was like my my little one, she's she was a surprise. She was not, she was like, whoa, what can we rewind? This is not supposed to happen. So I actually have a 23 year old and An 18 year old and yeah, my almost two year old, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Don't worry growing
SPEAKER_L: ignorant.
SPEAKER_R: up, I know a lot of families where that happens and it does, you know? And the good thing is at least, you know when you have that gap you remember stuff and you're like, okay, this makes you know, I remember going through that and I know with with my kids there one year apart and just what you learn in that year, that's enough like, you know? But on the right side
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: what you what you learn
SPEAKER_L: been learning
SPEAKER_R: you make up
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: the fact
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: that you're
SPEAKER_L: gap
SPEAKER_R: overly cautious with the first one, you're like no you can't do that, and by the second one you're like it's fine there.
SPEAKER_L: you literally live that loves commercial. That is literally the first two kids. Her, I was like, it's relearning everything and I sit there and like uh things like the swings, you know when my, when my Elvis, she just had the wind up swing with the spring that you are always afraid that if you wound it too tight, it was gonna just boom and blow up, right? So now they have the ones that are just battery operated. And I was like, It's not like we didn't have batteries 20 years ago. Why didn't they think of this 20 years ago?
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy. My sister has a six week old and so you know, she waited, she did it the right way, like I had kids right out right out of college, like College was done, I have kids, my sister waited till she was 38 and she's you know, she's looking and going, oh look I have this and I have this and I have this, what did you guys have? We had nothing. It
SPEAKER_L: I'd
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: rather have that and be able to keep up with my kid because I'm like, I'm so worn out. I'm like, I'm sold. Yeah, I'm crawling going, I'm 40 years old. Stop.
SPEAKER_R: sure. Well and it's crazy because I remember seeing my parents because my parents had me when I was young. They were they were 18 when they had me. So like thinking to my dad when he was 38 and thinking of myself and I'm like my dad had a lot more energy I think. And then I talked to him and he's like no, nope. And then I look at my sister and she's like oh my God this is the worst thing ever. And it makes sense because like right now my kids are in middle school and high school so it's it's nice and like what do you guys want to do? Watch tv let's watch tv works out pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: But my sister is like I got one hour of sleep last night Elizabeth wanted to stay up all night long and I'm like you know like if I don't sleep because I'm stressed about school but you know, at least that's the reason like that's normal now keeping me up.
SPEAKER_L: that's just it. That's just it. That's why I'm like, Anybody who does it when they're older of like, you are a fool, don't do it, don't do it. Just just the ideal age is like 30 because you've got enough energy and you don't have, you know, you're kind of more settled. I was like 30 because I had my daughter at 38. I was like, Oh no, no. And my body said, what are you stupid? Uh Anyway. Uh No, no, no, no, no, we're gonna have to have a talk about this later. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: see, I'm 38 so that speaks to me like I don't know what I would do,
SPEAKER_L: It's true.
SPEAKER_R: I know that I wouldn't be as good as a parent as I was 15 years ago. Like just because I'm so exhausted, you know, work ends and I'm
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like like today, you know, I signed up for this and I was looking at the times and in my younger days I probably would have done like 10 o'clock or 12 o'clock. I'm like 567 after that I'm going to bed like population to go
SPEAKER_L: I feel that so much. I feel that because I was like, well I got up at seven to watch the kids and then I wanted to get a nap, but I didn't get a nap. I'm like, yeah, no, I got to do it. You know, some reasonable hours so I could pass out by my house is quiet at nine o'clock at night. There is not a peep in my house at nine o'clock at night. Even by 23 year old goes to bed. She's like, I'm gone. I'm the oldest young lady you ever seen. I'm like, you are Not a peep after 9:00 is so bad. It is terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Well there's a,
SPEAKER_L: Wait.
SPEAKER_R: there's an advantage that when there's not peeps after 9:00 and it's always, it's not
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like mine will play on the phone and it's like midnight. I'm like, hey his midnight, you need to go back. I'm just gonna do one more thing. No, you need to go to bed like, you know? Yeah, I get up at five. So I'm like, Hey, did you go to bed last night? No, well you need to because, well, this whole sleep thing is not as overrated as you think it is.
SPEAKER_L: You'll be wishing those hours we're back with your
SPEAKER_R: Again,
SPEAKER_L: our age.
SPEAKER_R: that is something I never learned the nap and I wish I would have because I can't like I'll stay up for two days straight and I be exhausted. Like my mind's hurting, my head's hurting and I'll try to lay down and can't sleep. So it's like, man, that sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That is a terrible fate because I have to, I'm like, I'm done after kids. I'm like, no, I'm good if I can get the little one to sleep. I'm like, oh yeah, now we're cooking because I can't do it. I'm like, I'm so old. My mom called me yesterday and she goes, Are you turning 40? I said Yes, mom. She goes, I lost a year. See I'm at that perfect age where my mom because my mom had me later in life too. And so I'm kind of like my mom's care as well and I see her slipping sometimes. She literally lost a year. I totally forgot I was going to be 40 in a couple weeks. I was like not even a couple weeks in about a week and a half. And she's like, you have a 40 year old. I said gee mom, thanks appreciate that. But you call me just to tell me that like, I don't know, I don't see my driver's license and the year on it. I have lost my mind like you have. Yeah. Getting
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: the good thing is because you and I are close in age, you know, I used to think, you know, with being old and stuff but I look at it now and I think In my 20's I did stuff that was heckled um And I look at you know looking forward and you know who knows how long you know you know men can go you know once you get into your 40 It could be 50 years, it could be 10 years, could be five years, who knows? But I just think like life is so much better now than what it was 10 years ago and while I might have had more energy all I used it for was doing dumb things so it didn't help, it wasn't like you know I had all this energy and I was doing good, it was more
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you know we will be great, let's drink from noon to like next week or something you know
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: how I used my energy. It wasn't any good.
SPEAKER_L: now. It definitely definitely didn't advance the species much. I'm gonna agree. I did the same thing and I'm like, yeah, there's a lot of wasted time drinking and partying and mm
SPEAKER_R: And I look at my life now, it's like I do stuff and you know, go to the kids, go for a walk, like my son and I walked around the neighborhood and um you know, and then later on I told my wife that you know, once we get dinner done, we're going to go um just try to check the fall colors out because I will tell you if you ever get a chance come up to Wisconsin around this time of year. You see the reds, the yellows that like if it wasn't already dark, I would take this computer outside so you can see it. It is the most spectacular, spectacular sight for fall. It's the only reason we have it because when winter hits, it sucks because you know, like there's been times when that winter vortex hit like two years ago, it was colder in Wisconsin than it was on mars. So I mean it was, yeah
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: my family lives in Houston. They come up once in a while during the winter and they're like, we forgot how cold it is. But the fall though like right before like right now is the perfect time. Like right before thanksgiving you can get you know the reds, the yellows, the greens, it's just fantastic. The sunset so you can see like all that fall foliage and then the sunset, it's so relaxing But fats for like three
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: weeks
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: and it's bone chilling cold.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. I couldn't even imagine. We I mean texas only has two seasons. We have hot and then a little less hot.
SPEAKER_R: call it.
SPEAKER_L: It's been what where I am? I'm in the middle of texas. So so we don't, we don't have anything resembling much of seasons. I think you have a little bit like Dallas way Dallas will have a nice storm because I lived in Dallas a few years back that also have an ice storm every few years and whatnot. But down here if you get like slush on the ground, it's cold. If it's if it's no down here there would be a whole bunch of Texans that have no
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: clue what to do.
SPEAKER_R: sister years ago she worked for Mark Travel and she was down in Atlanta during that snowstorm. She got stuck in a um a snowstorm in Atlanta that knocked out the freeway For 23 hours. She was stuck in a car with someone. And uh she's like the thing that made me so mad was there was like 3" of snow and it crippled them. She goes Up here 3" of snow. You're still going highway speed like that doesn't stop nobody.
SPEAKER_L: Hey That's what it's like here and people go crazy. It's the same way when it rains you think somebody had never seen rain before. It's like people will crash and you're going, you knew there's a curve there, you drive it all the time. Why did you take it at 80 when it's raining? You know? Yeah cases lose their mind if it is not hot outside something goes wrong in the text in brain. I think I think it's in the blood.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and it is
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: hot the couple, I've only been to Dallas once.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Um What's interesting is I have a lot of family in Houston. I've never been to Houston. Um It's just one of those like every time they invite us down it's like well first of all we can't afford it. I mean with teacherssalaries you know like okay I'm gonna spend a lot of money. Well I'd rather spend it around here and then and for them they can take southwest right into Mitchell airport, They can be at our house in 10 minutes. Whereas you know you fly into Houston and they're like 50 minutes from the airport. So it's like even though it's a city Houston so it's like why in the world would I want to go down to Houston, drive an hour to where you are, stay there for a couple times and then come all the way back up here. You know rather and you know, and since they're all from here, you know they enjoy coming up here, you know and seeing the domes and the public museum and the lakefront and all that. I don't enjoy texas. You know, I, you know when I went to Dallas that it's neat, I love the state. I think it's fun at the people I've met have all been awesome. But you know, there's there's nothing that I can think of. Like maybe you know, I'm trying to think with Houston, I maybe I go see an Astros game you know that's about it in Dallas.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And after the thing is is in the rough part of town to if I'm not mistaken.
SPEAKER_R: And then with when I went to Dallas it was for a convention and it was neat but it was so spread out like you have to you know you have to take like the tram everywhere and I was like well this is cool but you know so but you know I I like home you know I hate the winter but I'll tell you up here is it's neat you know?
SPEAKER_L: It sounds made, I wouldn't, I would not say and I'm native born Texan, I was born where I was born in the city I was born is like five minutes away from here, not five minutes five miles. I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: so very
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: tired.
SPEAKER_R: valuable.
SPEAKER_L: Um So yeah, it's not very far and that's where I was born. So I'm I wound up back pretty much where I would came from. But Texas is definitely not even in like my top 40 states I'd like to live in, I live here for my
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: mom to take care of my mom and like yeah, that's not, I'm not not not a huge fan of texas. It's too hot, it's too hot. I mean I think this summer the highest it got was I want to say it was up to 117 at one stage. Not quite Arizona. But what hot enough that I wouldn't want to deal with Arizona?
SPEAKER_R: Birth. Yeah. For us the tops that gets about 90 I mean you know 95 sometimes. But um the only thing about up here though is being next to the lake. Michigan you get the humidity so like you can walk in place and just be sweating because you're just covered in the water. But but the flip side, I mean that's only for like a very short part of august, a little bit of july but like april once the snow leaves because you can still get snow in april, believe it
SPEAKER_L: Four?
SPEAKER_R: or not, which sucks.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: For the most part it's gone. But the first couple of weeks in april you can still have it but by May it's wonderful. By june, it's fantastic, july
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. August is usually pretty good. With the exception september, it's fine october like now is it's beautiful. Um And then you know from
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: november mid november until March. You're looking at, you know the reason why people move away from here. Yeah, but the same reason that you're in texas, same reason I'm in Wisconsin. My mom has M. S. Um I want to stay close to her. Uh I work in the school district that I went to because you know um I can be close to my mom,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I can be close dad. Um We don't live too far from it. We live about I think 10 miles mom where I grew up to here. Um But you know for us we live here because our apartment was stupid cheap. I mean We have a three bedroom for $800 whereas everywhere else around here is 1500, So no we're not rich enough to buy a house but you know it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: one of those just you know,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Okay. My ex he owns a home and we were talking about it because I was uh with the disability process and I finally decided I wasn't disabled enough to uh to get it anyway he was like you should buy home if you get the settlement. I said the thing about that drives me crazy about Holmes is that if something
SPEAKER_R: Jill
SPEAKER_L: goes wrong you have to fix it and if you don't have that money you're pulling money out your rear in
SPEAKER_R: borrowing from family and take mourns and yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and he said he said uh well his A. C. Went out a couple
SPEAKER_R: access
SPEAKER_L: weeks ago, well two or three weeks ago Luckily it's past the worst of it. But he said they told him it was gonna be $17,000. It's $100,000 home. I was like uh that's why I don't know I'm home.
SPEAKER_R: it's the markets stupid right now too. All of them. I don't know. You know it's just I wish there was better answers but it's you know, but at least, you know, just like in your case my cases, you know, my parents are starting to get older and at least I can be around to help them and you know, it's but it's it's they call it the sandwich generation that we're in the middle of raising kids and then trying to take care of our parents and they say it's the most stressful time of life because in the sandwich generation, you know, you don't get that release. Like, you know, they grew up where their parents were stupidly older than they were, so they didn't have to deal with it. Like when they were raising the kids, either their parents were not in the picture or we're at home, whereas for us, because of health care being what it is, a lot of us, the parents are still living in their home and you know, when your parents call and say, hey,
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: I need help, you're not gonna be like, sorry mom, lay on the floor, who cares about you? Well, I mean, I guess there are people to do that and it's not me,
SPEAKER_L: I don't think somebody out there.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: The duck zack.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's the, uh, Well that's, that's the hardest thing. And you know, for you, I, you know, I admire what you're doing because having a 23 and 18 year old and a two year old, the stress that that must be because they're different problems for each age. We're all dealing with stuff that you have, the stuff, I'm sure of it. You know, their 18 year old, they're like, hey, I got the world by the oyster and school and year olds like, can I
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: put this
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: in my mouth, I probably should, I'm going, I'm everything, Anything that fits in my mouth is going in it and then we'll deal with that and then have to go home and or go to your parents house and help with that. I mean that's an incredible amount of stress and you know, I can only imagine so Right,
SPEAKER_L: well I really and I as you can tell mine is getting anxious because she's tapping at the door so I will
SPEAKER_R: totally
SPEAKER_L: have to call
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: it a day. But it's uh yeah I I appreciate what you do to I mean I you influence lives, I only influence my immediate lives but you get you get to touch so many people's and Children's lives and by extension everything that they learn from you that is such a gift. And you know maybe someday you guys will get paid like you deserve instead
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: the good thing is though is think about this, the child, the Children that you're raising will influence their spouses, their Children, their friend group and that will be based on your hard work and your dedication and your love. So you know, I do appreciate it, especially, you know, we don't hear that very often, but you know, I went into teaching with my eyes open, I knew what it would pay. I you know, I have a sister that does marketing who no joke made a a bonus that was bigger than what I made for my salary. Um But at the end of the day, like said you know the best thing you can do is one day at a time and you know be the best parent, you can be, be the best friend, you can be, be the best spouse you can be in. It was awesome, it was a pleasure talking to you tonight and I really do enjoy it. So kelly. I.
SPEAKER_L: it was really, really awesome. Thank you so much. I really, really, I envy your kids because you are a very articulate person and I just, I could have sat here and listened to you for like an hour just going, yeah, you know what? This is
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: I hope our paths crossed some day kelly, so have a good one,
SPEAKER_L: That would be awesome. Thank