Yeah. Goodbye munchkin. Do go darling. What am I doing? I'm doing one of those top things so I need you to go away. What you want to see yourself? Yeah. Who's that? Pretty girl? No, don't touch it. Don't touch it. Put it on the floor. Do I look like your tray? Yeah. Don't touch don't touch it. Look don't touch. You'll mess it up now. Okay? He says he wants to take pictures with you. See this is gonna take pictures with you. She's gonna take pictures. She wants to see herself and she can herself in my web camp. Yeah. Stop touching my laptop like that. Since he says she's gonna go take pictures with you. Oh this is going to take pictures by herself. Oh you need a pretty girl in there. No ali please stop. You're gonna have to close my bedroom door sweetheart. Always. I'm sorry. But you know this is this is money so I can't really we have to do that because the more money I have the list I have to, you're really pissed off. Well. Better to be pissed off than pissed off. My my, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Care of me. Yeah, whip comes on. Where in the heck is it? Mhm. Oh, come on. Seriously. You're killing me here. Yeah. What does she do to my laptop? Of course. She's doing something in my laptop right before I need it. Of course. Of course. Of course. Because why with Olivia? Grace not. Yes. Heck did she do, did she sticky keys something? Yeah, you might. Well, let's see. Yeah, that's what she did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It will be a grace. You mucked up my laptop. Yeah. Take you five seconds. You know? Uh Yeah. What? Mhm. Uh That's what I wanted. Yeah. Hi, Hi. Hi Olivia. I don't want to talk to you right now, please. Yeah. Mhm. What? Olivia? I'm really not in the mood honey. Yeah. Mhm mm. Party. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah. In stock on november 4th O. G. How nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To do this. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
So
I'm good having you
estimate
too early birds. I usually just sit around and I've I've never not had somebody beyond time. I'm really lucky like that I guess. Um
french.
I agree. I have had some phenomenal conversations as well. I really
have I've really enjoyed it. Clary.
Hi Jason. I'm kelly.
Nice to meet you too. Excuse my hair. Apparently I didn't bother to brush it today
and make you feel any better. I wish I didn't have to worry about it.
Um One of the people that would be glad to have no hair
and
I do my hair myself too so probably it's a little uneven, I'm going to be honest, I don't look at the top of my head very much, I'm just being lazy.
Oh, I'm having all right time. I just got through babysitting my daughters, fathers, girlfriends, kids if that's not a mess, it's my uh daughters father's girlfriend who he left me for when I was pregnant with my daughter. But we've got a good relationship so it works out all right.
What?
Damn.
did
her 12 months.
I couldn't imagine. Well, you know, family is what you make of it really? Really?
It is and there ain't no need in this day and age to be all uh what sort I'm looking for combative with the other person. It's not good for the kids.
What?
Yeah. But really for the kids? Better men? Not for yours. Oh,
that's so sad.
Well yeah I think so. Well thank you. So are you teaching virtually now? Are you actually
in schools?
And then.
It is.
No. No you can't learn that from a book. No you can't. There's just no no conceivable way way.
No.
no
no
normal.
I
don't know. I'm enjoying I'm enjoying it because I I appreciate what teachers do.
They
are so underrated. Um And you get so much flak from the from the parents. I mean you guys take so much like a my ex's girlfriend should be like I don't like this teacher because she's I'm like these people don't know. I mean they're not used to teaching in a virtual environment. They don't know. You know. Plus you you're on like some kind of weird shift. you work 11 like one a.m. The 11 a.m. And you know they don't know when to contact you and your shift different than their shift and they ain't got nobody else to call and you know it's it's all just a learning experience and poor teachers you'll take it rough. I mean are you all get it rough rather? I mean I wish we valued teachers more. one Good teacher is is life changing And this hate to I hate to say it but I mean the state of our education system is just terrible. I don't know what state you're in. I know texas is pretty bad.
as bad.
You
know
what
there's florida is? I don't know if it's like the appendix that needs removed or you know if there's something wrong with the whole state of florida. I love how you know every time you get something weird on the internet, everybody's like, it's florida man, florida woman, because They're weird. I lived in Florida, Oh Gosh, 20, Not not quite 20 years ago, just shy of 20 years ago. And um they didn't sell alcohol on Sundays, I mean me and me, I was like, well texas sells alcohol on Sundays, but it's It's only for like six or 7 hours during the day. So I was I went to the supermarket on a saturday and like why are people buying mouthwash by, you know, three or four or five bottles and then you can't need that much mouthwash. I mean, come on now, and my ex husband, he had to tell me, he said, yeah, they're not taking it to wash them out there, taking it to drink because they have no alcohol on a sunday. And it's like what? That's just really, it just boggled my mind. And it's it's so weird because in Tampa um there's this place called Keyboard City uh and all it is is like shoved in there, a little mild place and all there is is bar after bar after bar. But yet the rest of florida, you can hardly find a drink if you want one. So florida is the strangest place I've ever lived. I have stories, nightmare stories. So she's not a good place and they're not alligator related,
Who
have they certify their teachers
well.
What?
Yeah.
No.
poof.
Oh my goodness. I just, yes. Olivia. No, not right now. Sorry. My daughter's like flipping or gored
like no, stay out there. I'm not dealing with you right now. I'm having a mommy break. Uh huh. I'm tired of kids. Her little brother, her hat well half brother. But you just call my brother, he's uh 10 months. She's too on Halloween. So they were very close in age, not only that, but he's such a monster shot and she's such a little runt of a child that they're about the same size. It's really strange. So he was over here and then uh her, we call her Susie, but she's not sissy, you're of my blood, but you know, and she was over and she's five, so I was like, oh I'm done with kids for today. Done, done,
I love him, but I'm so old. I was like my my little one, she's she was a surprise. She was not, she was like, whoa, what can we rewind? This is not supposed to happen. So I actually have a 23 year old and An 18 year old and yeah, my almost two year old, I'm
ignorant.
You
been learning
when
there's
that
gap
you literally live that loves commercial. That is literally the first two kids. Her, I was like, it's relearning everything and I sit there and like uh things like the swings, you know when my, when my Elvis, she just had the wind up swing with the spring that you are always afraid that if you wound it too tight, it was gonna just boom and blow up, right? So now they have the ones that are just battery operated. And I was like, It's not like we didn't have batteries 20 years ago. Why didn't they think of this 20 years ago?
I'd
rather have that and be able to keep up with my kid because I'm like, I'm so worn out. I'm like, I'm sold. Yeah, I'm crawling going, I'm 40 years old. Stop.
So
that's just it. That's just it. That's why I'm like, Anybody who does it when they're older of like, you are a fool, don't do it, don't do it. Just just the ideal age is like 30 because you've got enough energy and you don't have, you know, you're kind of more settled. I was like 30 because I had my daughter at 38. I was like, Oh no, no. And my body said, what are you stupid? Uh Anyway. Uh No, no, no, no, no, we're gonna have to have a talk about this later. Okay.
Mhm.
It's true.
But
I feel that so much. I feel that because I was like, well I got up at seven to watch the kids and then I wanted to get a nap, but I didn't get a nap. I'm like, yeah, no, I got to do it. You know, some reasonable hours so I could pass out by my house is quiet at nine o'clock at night. There is not a peep in my house at nine o'clock at night. Even by 23 year old goes to bed. She's like, I'm gone. I'm the oldest young lady you ever seen. I'm like, you are Not a peep after 9:00 is so bad. It is terrible.
Wait.
Well,
You'll be wishing those hours we're back with your
our age.
Right. That is a terrible fate because I have to, I'm like, I'm done after kids. I'm like, no, I'm good if I can get the little one to sleep. I'm like, oh yeah, now we're cooking because I can't do it. I'm like, I'm so old. My mom called me yesterday and she goes, Are you turning 40? I said Yes, mom. She goes, I lost a year. See I'm at that perfect age where my mom because my mom had me later in life too. And so I'm kind of like my mom's care as well and I see her slipping sometimes. She literally lost a year. I totally forgot I was going to be 40 in a couple weeks. I was like not even a couple weeks in about a week and a half. And she's like, you have a 40 year old. I said gee mom, thanks appreciate that. But you call me just to tell me that like, I don't know, I don't see my driver's license and the year on it. I have lost my mind like you have. Yeah. Getting
there
No.
Great.
That
now. It definitely definitely didn't advance the species much. I'm gonna agree. I did the same thing and I'm like, yeah, there's a lot of wasted time drinking and partying and mm
No, I'm good.
See
you.
Oh my gosh. I couldn't even imagine. We I mean texas only has two seasons. We have hot and then a little less hot.
It's been what where I am? I'm in the middle of texas. So so we don't, we don't have anything resembling much of seasons. I think you have a little bit like Dallas way Dallas will have a nice storm because I lived in Dallas a few years back that also have an ice storm every few years and whatnot. But down here if you get like slush on the ground, it's cold. If it's if it's no down here there would be a whole bunch of Texans that have no
clue what to do.
Hey That's what it's like here and people go crazy. It's the same way when it rains you think somebody had never seen rain before. It's like people will crash and you're going, you knew there's a curve there, you drive it all the time. Why did you take it at 80 when it's raining? You know? Yeah cases lose their mind if it is not hot outside something goes wrong in the text in brain. I think I think it's in the blood.
I
do.
And
Yeah. And after the thing is is in the rough part of town to if I'm not mistaken.
It sounds made, I wouldn't, I would not say and I'm native born Texan, I was born where I was born in the city I was born is like five minutes away from here, not five minutes five miles. I'm sorry,
I'm
so very
tired.
Um So yeah, it's not very far and that's where I was born. So I'm I wound up back pretty much where I would came from. But Texas is definitely not even in like my top 40 states I'd like to live in, I live here for my
mom to take care of my mom and like yeah, that's not, I'm not not not a huge fan of texas. It's too hot, it's too hot. I mean I think this summer the highest it got was I want to say it was up to 117 at one stage. Not quite Arizona. But what hot enough that I wouldn't want to deal with Arizona?
Four?
What?
I don't
know.
But.
No.
What?
Uh huh. Okay. My ex he owns a home and we were talking about it because I was uh with the disability process and I finally decided I wasn't disabled enough to uh to get it anyway he was like you should buy home if you get the settlement. I said the thing about that drives me crazy about Holmes is that if something
goes wrong you have to fix it and if you don't have that money you're pulling money out your rear in
and he said he said uh well his A. C. Went out a couple
weeks ago, well two or three weeks ago Luckily it's past the worst of it. But he said they told him it was gonna be $17,000. It's $100,000 home. I was like uh that's why I don't know I'm home.
I think
I don't think somebody out there.
The duck zack.
It
is.
well I really and I as you can tell mine is getting anxious because she's tapping at the door so I will
have to call
it a day. But it's uh yeah I I appreciate what you do to I mean I you influence lives, I only influence my immediate lives but you get you get to touch so many people's and Children's lives and by extension everything that they learn from you that is such a gift. And you know maybe someday you guys will get paid like you deserve instead
of
it was really, really awesome. Thank you so much. I really, really, I envy your kids because you are a very articulate person and I just, I could have sat here and listened to you for like an hour just going, yeah, you know what? This is
so
good.
That would be awesome. Thank