Hello.
How are you today?
Not too bad.
Normally when I, I've, I've gotten two of these before, normally I sit in the waiting room for like 20 minutes and it's like, okay, so,
Yeah. For me, I, I've done two and then I was supposed to one last month and then something came up and I couldn't do it and I was like, I'm probably never going to get to do this again.
But then when I saw it, I was like, well this is cool because both times have just been phenomenal. There's, I, I don't know what better labs does, but they get some really great people.
So
So I'm just, by the way, I didn't introduce myself.
Thank you very,
don't worry if it makes you feel any better. I didn't, I didn't either
tirana. So, um,
sure. Um, you know, for me, it was one of those that just kind of snuck up on me in high school, I had a whole head of hair and then all of a sudden, right out of high school, it started to get shorter and then finally I got to the point, I'm like, you know what, just shave it off, it's just it's so much easier to deal with, I don't have to play around with it. Um I bought my own shaver so I can do it myself, it works
out pretty well.
quick, but how's everything going? Pretty well,
sure I'm a teacher, so believe me, I've seen every combination of family and its family, that's all that matters, you know? And Yeah, and then I come from a stupidly large family, my uh dad's side has 11 brothers and sisters, my mom's side has 10, so
yeah, there's no combination I haven't seen and at the end of the day like said I've, you know my aunt Myrna would be a good example. She divorced my uncle flip 40 years ago, 40 years ago. They were like no hopes, this doesn't work, they are still friends. She comes to all the family parties, we celebrate her birthday. It's like she never left, you know, and people are like, that's weird. I'm like, no, it isn't, it's family like you know, you don't get to choose, you know, I mean I guess you couldn't that respect but you
know, you shouldn't, she did put 20 years in just He
just decided
that after 20 years of being married to my ankle flip, that was too much.
Yeah.
No, and if as a teacher I can tell you, I've seen it in every permutation, you know, couples to get along and you know, foster a great relationship between the kids and the parents and it works so well. And I've seen kids used as pawns And it's awful because, you know, the 11 year old, their nine year old, their seven year old or five year old or whatever. They can't conceptualize why mom and dad aren't together. And then you add in different dynamics and then, you know, they, they openly hate each other. So then it's, you know, the kids have to pick sides and it just leads to bad outcomes, you know, and um, you know, I talked to high school for many years. I teach in the middle school now and it just breaks my heart when I see stuff like that because it's like, you know,
maybe you guys were destined to spend, you know, the rest of the time together, but you made a kid and the kid deserves at least two functioning parents. Maybe not liking each other, don't have to like the other person, but you can fake it, you know, the time you're around each other.
like,
but that's cool though that you're able to do that because you know, that does provide a great example for your daughter and then it also provides the right example for life, you know, that, you know, even no matter how bad it was, it can be better. That's really
Well,
it's interesting. I'm teaching virtually because my school district decided um in the summer, they were like, yeah, this is gonna be bad, we're not gonna we're gonna just stay virtual. Um And then we have like a health dashboard based on the number of cases. And else wise, my wife school on the other hand, um they're back full time and they're they're dropping teachers almost every day, there kids every day. And it's just, it's a really, I don't know, there's no great answer because there's no, that, that the biggest thing, every decision has bad outcomes attached to it. And none of them have really good ones. Like for me, you know, I'm not gonna get sick because I'm around, you know, my, my, my own kids are home, but um, but you know, they're not going anywhere. So it's safe.
Um, my wife could bring something home conceivably, but, and hopefully not. But the flip side is it's not the same. You know, when I'm in school, I walk up to a kid, Hey, well, let me see your work. Okay. I see where you went wrong here. Let me help you with that on the computer. They put their, you know, they turn their screen off, their turn the sound off. They're doing Tiktok, you know, that's not good. You know, you know, the other flipside is when you're doing virtual, you got the parent the background. Like I was talking through how to do a math problem in the parents. Like you're doing it wrong now. This really how you do it. You don't know what you're talking about. Pretty confident. I do. Let's, let's, let's get to the, but let's get to the end of the problem and I'll reverse my work and I'll show you how to do it. Oh my God, you were right. I thought you were wrong. Well, you know that whole having taught this before, you know, you know, but you have empathy for the parent because they're going through heck. I mean, you know their kids are at home, my kids are at home. I get it. Hey dad, can I eat this? I don't give a hello, kitty, go ahead, Eat whatever you want. I'm gonna go to work right now. I do what you do. Just be loud, don't swear and don't get me fired, that's not what? Whereas, you know, the parents, you know, they're coming home and their middle school kids and you know, it's tough and you know, they want their kids in school because you know, school is, it's, you know, I tell people, school is not about the learning, you'll learn exponentially more outside of life than you ever will within the four walls of our school. It's just, it's a fact. But the socialization, the norms, all that stuff that you learn in school are things you just can't learn elsewhere, you know, like dealing with stupid people that's life skill, You see it in school, you're like, wow,
my buddy john is kind of stupid. Well, I'm going to see how john does it, nope it that way, You can't wear that just at home.
Yeah. And then, you
know, the being around, you know carrying adults that have different experiences. Like, you know, my parents were high school dropouts, you know, going to school meant I was surrounded by people that had gone on the college, gone onto the trade's gone into the military. So you have an outlook that's different. I mean, I couldn't even imagine if this happened to me 20 years ago because you know, in my household, my dad dropped out of school, got a job, my mom had dropped out, got a job and that was the world that I knew now, you know, and that's something that, you know, and there's so many kids that don't get that, You know, they, and then, you know, they're carrying adults like I've worked with kids for 15 years now and there's kids I know I saved their lives. You know that they were in spots where you know, if they would have stayed on the trajectory of their on they were going to we'll be in a bad place. That's need to know that I had played a part in that. And then I've also learned from my kids, like you know sometimes I'll go, how did you do that? Awesome now on, that's how I'm going to do it and that's you know, it's a it's a cool experience, not an easy job, you know, like
I
can tell people
that, you know, but let's go. But I've talked a lot. You should talk.
I'm a good listener.
Thank
you.
Sure we're in Wisconsin, so uh Yeah.
Yeah, but it's still uh oh I have friends that live in actually have family lives in Houston and um you know, they talk about their education system but at least we can both agree it's still way better than florida.
I have some family now there and here like they moved from
florida
to texas and it was like oh my gosh.
Oh okay, my my wife's sister lives in Tampa and uh that's where I thought of when I thought of florida because her her son goes to florida schools and she's like I know Wisconsin schools weren't great but I had to tell my teacher how to do a fraction the teacher and I was like I'm like okay well you know, I'm sure maybe she just didn't explain it, right? And then she showed me the email and I was like oh God, this lady doesn't know fractions what, but that's
nothing.
Oh it's a it's awful down there. It's I don't know, I like I
have, well, you know, my family's super large, so I have a cousin that teaches in a florida virtual school, I have my wife's sister who's down there in in Tampa and I have family all over the place and it's just, it's crazy like the two that I was most appalled by where florida for my wife's sister and then Louisiana when my cousins were down there, it
was bad. I mean our worst school district in Wisconsin is Milwaukee public schools by far, like, yes, and
then like everybody else is better by leaps and bounds. And my cousins that had come up from Louisiana were failing out mps and I was like,
oh my God, like I know they're not the smartest branch of archery, that's ok, But God, gosh, darn failed out of mps. and and the worst thing was it wasn't like they weren't showing up and not doing their work, like they were failing like didn't understand the stuff and I'm like, oh my God, like, you know, thinking of, you know the schooling that I had, I'm like if you showed up they were supposed to you're fine, you passed, it wasn't that bad if you're failing trying, how bad was the education before you got here? And it
was awful.
totally understand.
understand.
Don't worry growing
up, I know a lot of families where that happens and it does, you know? And the good thing is at least, you know when you have that gap you remember stuff and you're like, okay, this makes you know, I remember going through that and I know with with my kids there one year apart and just what you learn in that year, that's enough like, you know? But on the right side
what you what you learn
you make up
for
the fact
that you're
overly cautious with the first one, you're like no you can't do that, and by the second one you're like it's fine there.
it's crazy. My sister has a six week old and so you know, she waited, she did it the right way, like I had kids right out right out of college, like College was done, I have kids, my sister waited till she was 38 and she's you know, she's looking and going, oh look I have this and I have this and I have this, what did you guys have? We had nothing. It
was
sure. Well and it's crazy because I remember seeing my parents because my parents had me when I was young. They were they were 18 when they had me. So like thinking to my dad when he was 38 and thinking of myself and I'm like my dad had a lot more energy I think. And then I talked to him and he's like no, nope. And then I look at my sister and she's like oh my God this is the worst thing ever. And it makes sense because like right now my kids are in middle school and high school so it's it's nice and like what do you guys want to do? Watch tv let's watch tv works out pretty well.
But my sister is like I got one hour of sleep last night Elizabeth wanted to stay up all night long and I'm like you know like if I don't sleep because I'm stressed about school but you know, at least that's the reason like that's normal now keeping me up.
Oh I
see, I'm 38 so that speaks to me like I don't know what I would do,
I know that I wouldn't be as good as a parent as I was 15 years ago. Like just because I'm so exhausted, you know, work ends and I'm
like like today, you know, I signed up for this and I was looking at the times and in my younger days I probably would have done like 10 o'clock or 12 o'clock. I'm like 567 after that I'm going to bed like population to go
Well there's a,
there's an advantage that when there's not peeps after 9:00 and it's always, it's not
like mine will play on the phone and it's like midnight. I'm like, hey his midnight, you need to go back. I'm just gonna do one more thing. No, you need to go to bed like, you know? Yeah, I get up at five. So I'm like, Hey, did you go to bed last night? No, well you need to because, well, this whole sleep thing is not as overrated as you think it is.
Again,
that is something I never learned the nap and I wish I would have because I can't like I'll stay up for two days straight and I be exhausted. Like my mind's hurting, my head's hurting and I'll try to lay down and can't sleep. So it's like, man, that sucks.
Well,
the good thing is because you and I are close in age, you know, I used to think, you know, with being old and stuff but I look at it now and I think In my 20's I did stuff that was heckled um And I look at you know looking forward and you know who knows how long you know you know men can go you know once you get into your 40 It could be 50 years, it could be 10 years, could be five years, who knows? But I just think like life is so much better now than what it was 10 years ago and while I might have had more energy all I used it for was doing dumb things so it didn't help, it wasn't like you know I had all this energy and I was doing good, it was more
you know we will be great, let's drink from noon to like next week or something you know
that's
how I used my energy. It wasn't any good.
And I look at my life now, it's like I do stuff and you know, go to the kids, go for a walk, like my son and I walked around the neighborhood and um you know, and then later on I told my wife that you know, once we get dinner done, we're going to go um just try to check the fall colors out because I will tell you if you ever get a chance come up to Wisconsin around this time of year. You see the reds, the yellows that like if it wasn't already dark, I would take this computer outside so you can see it. It is the most spectacular, spectacular sight for fall. It's the only reason we have it because when winter hits, it sucks because you know, like there's been times when that winter vortex hit like two years ago, it was colder in Wisconsin than it was on mars. So I mean it was, yeah
my family lives in Houston. They come up once in a while during the winter and they're like, we forgot how cold it is. But the fall though like right before like right now is the perfect time. Like right before thanksgiving you can get you know the reds, the yellows, the greens, it's just fantastic. The sunset so you can see like all that fall foliage and then the sunset, it's so relaxing But fats for like three
weeks
and it's bone chilling cold.
call it.
My
sister years ago she worked for Mark Travel and she was down in Atlanta during that snowstorm. She got stuck in a um a snowstorm in Atlanta that knocked out the freeway For 23 hours. She was stuck in a car with someone. And uh she's like the thing that made me so mad was there was like 3" of snow and it crippled them. She goes Up here 3" of snow. You're still going highway speed like that doesn't stop nobody.
Well
and it is
hot the couple, I've only been to Dallas once.
Um What's interesting is I have a lot of family in Houston. I've never been to Houston. Um It's just one of those like every time they invite us down it's like well first of all we can't afford it. I mean with teacherssalaries you know like okay I'm gonna spend a lot of money. Well I'd rather spend it around here and then and for them they can take southwest right into Mitchell airport, They can be at our house in 10 minutes. Whereas you know you fly into Houston and they're like 50 minutes from the airport. So it's like even though it's a city Houston so it's like why in the world would I want to go down to Houston, drive an hour to where you are, stay there for a couple times and then come all the way back up here. You know rather and you know, and since they're all from here, you know they enjoy coming up here, you know and seeing the domes and the public museum and the lakefront and all that. I don't enjoy texas. You know, I, you know when I went to Dallas that it's neat, I love the state. I think it's fun at the people I've met have all been awesome. But you know, there's there's nothing that I can think of. Like maybe you know, I'm trying to think with Houston, I maybe I go see an Astros game you know that's about it in Dallas.
And then with when I went to Dallas it was for a convention and it was neat but it was so spread out like you have to you know you have to take like the tram everywhere and I was like well this is cool but you know so but you know I I like home you know I hate the winter but I'll tell you up here is it's neat you know?
Well
that's
very
valuable.
No
Birth. Yeah. For us the tops that gets about 90 I mean you know 95 sometimes. But um the only thing about up here though is being next to the lake. Michigan you get the humidity so like you can walk in place and just be sweating because you're just covered in the water. But but the flip side, I mean that's only for like a very short part of august, a little bit of july but like april once the snow leaves because you can still get snow in april, believe it
or not, which sucks.
For the most part it's gone. But the first couple of weeks in april you can still have it but by May it's wonderful. By june, it's fantastic, july
is
awesome. August is usually pretty good. With the exception september, it's fine october like now is it's beautiful. Um And then you know from
november mid november until March. You're looking at, you know the reason why people move away from here. Yeah, but the same reason that you're in texas, same reason I'm in Wisconsin. My mom has M. S. Um I want to stay close to her. Uh I work in the school district that I went to because you know um I can be close to my mom,
I can be close dad. Um We don't live too far from it. We live about I think 10 miles mom where I grew up to here. Um But you know for us we live here because our apartment was stupid cheap. I mean We have a three bedroom for $800 whereas everywhere else around here is 1500, So no we're not rich enough to buy a house but you know it's
one of those just you know,
Jill
borrowing from family and take mourns and yeah. I don't know.
access
it's the markets stupid right now too. All of them. I don't know. You know it's just I wish there was better answers but it's you know, but at least, you know, just like in your case my cases, you know, my parents are starting to get older and at least I can be around to help them and you know, it's but it's it's they call it the sandwich generation that we're in the middle of raising kids and then trying to take care of our parents and they say it's the most stressful time of life because in the sandwich generation, you know, you don't get that release. Like, you know, they grew up where their parents were stupidly older than they were, so they didn't have to deal with it. Like when they were raising the kids, either their parents were not in the picture or we're at home, whereas for us, because of health care being what it is, a lot of us, the parents are still living in their home and you know, when your parents call and say, hey,
I need help, you're not gonna be like, sorry mom, lay on the floor, who cares about you? Well, I mean, I guess there are people to do that and it's not me,
but
I think that's the, uh, Well that's, that's the hardest thing. And you know, for you, I, you know, I admire what you're doing because having a 23 and 18 year old and a two year old, the stress that that must be because they're different problems for each age. We're all dealing with stuff that you have, the stuff, I'm sure of it. You know, their 18 year old, they're like, hey, I got the world by the oyster and school and year olds like, can I
put this
in my mouth, I probably should, I'm going, I'm everything, Anything that fits in my mouth is going in it and then we'll deal with that and then have to go home and or go to your parents house and help with that. I mean that's an incredible amount of stress and you know, I can only imagine so Right,
totally
up.
You know
the good thing is though is think about this, the child, the Children that you're raising will influence their spouses, their Children, their friend group and that will be based on your hard work and your dedication and your love. So you know, I do appreciate it, especially, you know, we don't hear that very often, but you know, I went into teaching with my eyes open, I knew what it would pay. I you know, I have a sister that does marketing who no joke made a a bonus that was bigger than what I made for my salary. Um But at the end of the day, like said you know the best thing you can do is one day at a time and you know be the best parent, you can be, be the best friend, you can be, be the best spouse you can be in. It was awesome, it was a pleasure talking to you tonight and I really do enjoy it. So kelly. I.
well
they
I hope our paths crossed some day kelly, so have a good one,