There's your roommate, hey?
Uh huh. Uh Not too much. Uh
uh I'm actually at the hospital. Uh We had, I had twins two days ago.
So, yeah. So that's a pretty weird time to have twins. Perhaps the baby at all?
So,
Oh, yeah. Not, not the same, but he can relate. Uh my wife, but no, it's,
it kind of sucks. Like I didn't get to go to any appointments. Uh like any of her appointments I couldn't go to. Ah really? Uh, like a prisoner in the hospital. You can't leave.
You're in Maryland I'm in. Ohio.
So,
I mean, right in columbus, actually, right? And uh Rhodes city,
what
columbus
day?
I
don't
know.
how is it going on the coast? Oh.
Yes. You're used to the video chat a lot.
Yeah. That's going done okay. Talking all that stuff is like going down,
they're gonna be over it. Mm hmm. I can see
of, yeah, everybody,
I
think phones will probably
die out there for a little while. It will be
more emperor
in person. But I hope that
this stuff goes all right. I mean, I don't know how
intense that this virus really is. I feel like it's over blowing a little bit, but it's definitely
there.
Yeah. Well, it's awesome. It's like, what, what guidelines who wrote those? Do we have somebody left over from the spanish american flu
And it's, it's, I don't know, well, nobody knows how to handle it, Not in this day and age and nobody knew how to handle it then. I mean, it's, you know, that's,
it's
just
know, a mask when I feel like I'm in proximity with me that I need to be, you know, obviously here I'm in the hospital,
I'm with my wife, so I don't, but as soon as we leave the room, we have to have a mask on. Uh,
which said that's fine. There is one of the things that don't make sense and I can't leave and come back the same day, but
the nurses, they still have to leave and come back the next day and they go to walmart or Myers or whatever. They have to go to the store they have, but it's just an attempt. You know, all of this is only an attempt.
I
think.
I think maybe it's a it's a way to discourage visitors. Like
I'm you're only allowed to have one visitor right now and then that one visitor is like hostage.
Well,
it's good. It's good though. I I can't, you know, especially with the situation we're in, you can't be in and out of here and risk bringing something back into your like our our daughters were born at 34 weeks so they're premature. So
there in the nick you the
newborn ICU. Which they're not they're fine. They're actually on room air. They're not on anything.
they did it really well. So the nurse behind, oh yeah they said she said if the nurse comes in just like go sit behind the curve because they
like wouldn't understand it or like what are you doing
All right. Uh No I've been
doing it for maybe four or five months so it's it's it's reliable. They don't play games you
know I mean that it's very nice you know for a little bit of extra money. I mean.
yeah yeah it's
bs I've got like $3 on probably two dozen sides you know.
Yeah I call you have to you can cash out until $30. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah the only ones that I've seen that we're good we're like inbox dollars. I had good luck whether my wife did not but she also decided that she wasn't going to do any of it with the chrome browser and that was a big thing.
uh we like to do.
that one. Yeah. Really
prolific is probably the best.
There's que me but it's a it's kind of picky. It depends. I bought is good for grocery
shopping. I bought it. I bought a is awesome.
Actually
I. B. O. T. T. A. College.
It's very common groceries there there's always good stuff. And the kicker. Yeah you'll get a $20 bonus if you sign up right now. Uh huh. Um I wish I could send you a link but
I'm not really concerned about it.
Can he still get it if there's not a link? Oh yeah you'll still get it,
you'll still get it regardless.
I did too.
it did. I'm
glad you know.
It's it's it's a trying time. It really is.
It's a horrible it's a really good time to be in delivery services. Mhm. But
it's a horrible time to be in I don't know, acting, performing arts, anything of that nature teaching pretty much anything that involves more than one person.
Uh I'm actually a mechanical contractor. Uh I
work for a company but we don't
we've managed to stay away from the majority. I was fertilized for a while but
just they got back to work. But it's ah I like it
I it's right up my alley. I've always been mechanically inclined. You know it's a it's family owned is small
but they get wonderful contract,
get some prevailing wage stuff and I really need that right now.
I've been in maintenance for a long time. Yeah. Uh let's see. 2004.
Right? So maintenance for like 16 years more.
It's very competitive to it is very competitive.
We're great genes.
Well. Mhm.
It's a
awesome because you just you basically you get to be a big kid.
Be
a big that makes decent decisions for the other kids and it's like, that's awesome. That's actually a pretty fun life to live. Look
at that.
That's awesome. Yeah, I
can tell you're definitely a definitely a people person.
Uh
It is hard to be that anymore. It seems like,
you know,
all this is taking the humanity right out of civilization.
Yeah. Yeah, it really is because you have to, it doesn't blow like a
regular conversation.
You have to wait and make sure there's not a pause. Yeah, we, we just had
to uh do the Skype for our daughter so she could see her new sisters. They're not even allowed up here.
They're, they're at my grandparents, they're not allowed at the hospital. Well,
so
it's a, it's a different uh day and age to do anything. It's nuts. I mean you walk in a gas station first thing you run into is hand sanitizer and face masks.
we
had the toilet paper, did you have the toilet paper problem there?
you
probably still have toilet paper. I don't
understand
what was
being,
I don't understand what that was about like, you know, you know,
I think it's just one of one of those things that like exploded in popularity, you
know.
definitely.
It's almost like we don't need like uh, what do I want to say? Stimulus checks? We all we like need stimulus rations just sent to every house
and say,
you know, stimulus reaction is not a stimulus check because
you still have to leave to spend it.
Yeah. Uh
it came it came for us at just the right time. I
mean, because I believe through savings but leave, we've got a lot of the stuff that we need. So,
I mean I'll have a chance to build it back up. What doesn't work. Oh, she, she's got a heating pad. She's gonna try and shoes. But uh yeah, it's a,
it's different. Like even the hospitals are different now. Like mm Like the room, the labor and delivery room is huge. It's absolutely huge. It's twice the size of the one that we had before.
And
no
this is like the individual size of the room. And they actually pretty much did away with the nursery because they're trying to keep the infants with the mother much more.
But
it's not related to this. It's just I think it was a newer move because this hospital I want to say is only two or three years old. So it was very very new. I mean it would yeah, considered fairly large for a bedroom. I'm thinking it's probably about
it would probably be about 18 by 20. So I mean that's pretty good size but very clean sometimes. I don't know he had a nephew. Yeah.
He see he's intelligent, he teaches second through fifth grade and that is uh you
know, the
best abstinence
that is most effective.
One
thing I guess.
How are you?
but
I mean that sucks. I mean you know your yeah then today's over, you're trying to teach him just like the basics and it's not even it's not even taking but you know that's that's typical what he's like 12.
that's
good, that's good, it's
even better. Oh
also
Yeah. Yeah but it's like electronic babysitter.
but it is communication.
No
that's what
that's what you know our eight year old just like that little bit he's on a tablet all the time or computer, it's like look I'm just gonna I'm not gonna pay the electric bill,
you
know so
or I'm gonna pull breakers. I
know,
but
he's
gone
Montana
Mark.
the consoles
though,
they're
so they're so immersive anymore. I mean, they're
really, they became a long way
from Saga were intended. I mean, we've come a long way,
but
Oh, it became because it was irritating. It was so difficult, but the graphics were so crappy and you're like, it didn't even hit anything.
but
ours were
irritating enough that we would not sit there all day. We would have, we would, we would get away all
the money
and then
his
heart asleep by then, jesus.
I mean, there's gotta be, yeah,
gonna have blood club.
Oh, I, I agree. I agree. I can. Well, you know what, that's
like, I feel like that's going to come later on that's going to cause all type of issue.
Because
because
you are going to end up being more of an authority than that really is. Mhm
But I mean, you know, if
your if this continues for, you know, you just you try to make the best of it, that's all you can do because you're obviously you're already a role model, so.
I mean we we really haven't done much, we say very within our own family, there's
oh, I don't know, maybe 15 of us and
pretty much none of us go anywhere.
there's a
Yeah, there's no Oh God, yeah, there's enough variety. I'm like a variety show. Yeah.
that would be terrible. No, I I actually I had to do the entertain myself thing because I'm an only child, so I understand it completely. Like I didn't have any sisters or brothers, it was entertain yourself. Uh huh.
Right.
I mean you make it through it, you know? And then you're like why did I, why did I want to grow up? I'm not really sure what this
is much harder than
what I had to do before
but
painful.
blossoms like you're still saying you're still I'm gonna be with the same school but you're just you know,
it's
just like a furlough thing.
so they're going to break up the class size
woods?
All
I mean, yeah. Wouldn't it be pretty easy to supply, you know a tablet to each child in the school something and wifi I know we can do wifi pretty easily, you know man the portable routers
your heart spinal.
Schools from the child.
Okay, well we went from, I don't know how long has school basically been childcare mm maybe at least 100 years
then It just
it makes the whole society cave.
No.
You're like what do you do with this?
What do you do with them? All right. And they're not learning anything. Yeah.
Thank you. Not every day and not every career can be take your take your child to work day every day. Mhm. You
know?
Mhm.
It's nuts. I mean but that's good insight. I mean
I don't know. I don't know how this is going to turn out. It's not it's not going to go away anytime super soon. I don't think I'm looking more like 21 2021.
It's
not gonna be this either.
I think it would be possible maybe because they have the one drug and trial and it's going pretty pretty far. But I think mostly you know, you know why China doesn't have huge numbers. It's because they had SARS and
they actually someone of an immunity, we had a whole like 75 cases of SARS over here
and
that was it.
Yeah, we're trying to put it off and you can with
this, I mean if you
all you really have to do is going like a total lockdown for a month,
a month, maybe six weeks. And that that would be it. You know, I don't know that it would be entirely gone. But you could definitely pinpoint new cases a lot easier.
That's
networking nightmare.
No, it's not possible. Uh huh.
But and
then you're gonna have all right, so you got 40,000 cases, you've got 40,000 people doing it again. So you have 40,000 people going to all the same locations that the sick person was already at.
So
you're
pretty much 19 that you're going to have 80,000 cases now.
it's like, it's so, it seems like it's so very simple, but really, I think what it's kind of fucked up to say, but human rights are, is making this take longer. Yeah,
it's
yeah, it's it's our own rights that were so concerned with is making this so long winded and you know, I don't know, it's nice, but you know, how important are the uh
inalienable rights for, you know, two months? Yeah, you gotta you gotta be willing to make sacrifices
and basically in order to not die, you know?
mia,
I'm right with you
would actually be a more
affordable by doing that
up front, but yeah, all right.
But
Oh, yeah, yeah, so they are twin girls and it's uh Malia and Maya.
All right, thank you so much,
but you
have
a good one.
Oh yeah it's definitely
been
it's good to hear somebody else's viewpoint on this you know because you don't really get to talk to many people know.