Yeah. Okay. What? Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah, then. Right. Yeah, sure. Thank you. Mm hmm. Okay. You know, just so mm hmm. And students are different. You don't think you understand? Oh yeah. Do you want to make it clear? Mostly the state department. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's just one to be frank. Thank you. Yes. Just one city might change that. Thank you. Uh huh. We appreciate your friendship, didn't you? Yes, I do not understand. Yeah. You know then Yes. Mhm. Most are interesting for me. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. And this is the first time with his friends. Mm hmm. So, you know. Mhm. Mhm. This is a point. Yeah. The decision this Mhm. Can you have to be a physical each that Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm snap. It just makes me remember. You know what? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Because yeah, in the morning, wow. Uh huh. Mhm.
What's up?
wow.
well.
that's so uh my uh my second nephew was born about a month ago, which
is not, but I can sort of relate
office,
where are I'm in Maryland, wow.
But
are you you at all near columbus? Uh huh.
cool. My my buddy
who told me about this prolific stuff, he's a grad student at columbus. Uh huh. He studied
like,
yeah I used
to
like
math, like college and all that stuff, wow.
super easy if you're okay with never leaving your house, you know like I'm a teacher so schools closed and that was terrible for everyone of course, I mean we made the best of it, but it was terrible um
my god, yeah and uh I like would have worked camps like that's how I make a little extra money in the summer and that's not happening at all, almost all cancer closed. Uh And so I decided to offer to be a nanny, which I haven't done since I was a child, but I was like, whatever pay me. Um So I've been nanny for this fairly wealthy family and I'm just an eye opening experience to like be the help again, you know, as an adult, I mean to get paid. Um but to hear the kids talk about what the school was like for them, there's like 1/4 grader and 1/7 grader, like by the end of it, they were so done with video chat, like just it is not good for kids. Um
What?
we're going to be
Or
what?
What?
Of course. What
what?
What?
We what?
That,
but it's so weird to think about because I've been a part of some of the conversations about how we're going to reopen the schools and like it has to happen, like I think we all agree like it needs to happen um and they won't say that it will be safe, they will say that we will follow best guidelines because they don't know, they don't know what safe means, which is just like uh
Oh my God, it is, yeah, the stuff we're pulling from it feels very thin because it is
I'd
like, I
don't know how have you been handling it? What?
What?
Yeah.
What?
Do you think part of that is just to make it so that if you can't leave and come back, it just means that instead of 100 people coming in every day it will only be like 75 I think it's just like to get the numbers down some way
to
get down.
What?
What? Yeah. So wild. I mean,
I can't. Uh
Are they with you now? Are they in a in the premium space?
What?
That's awesome. That's great. That's wonderful.
What?
It's so funny. Um uh You've been doing this prolific stuff for a while or is this new
what?
And
maybe two months ago and I feel the same way I try to do the other stuff, you know, whatever the other things are just junk. Just absolutely immediately quick. Uh huh.
What?
Work at um
Yeah. Good luck. Talk to me in fact. Yeah. Right. Uh
I mean I don't understand. I mean that's the price scraping everything it can scrape. Uh No.
What or
what?
Boy.
Camera.
Is
it spelled exactly like I think it would be.
I'm gonna check that out.
What? What?
Or I um It's
I'll
check that out. So did you do one of these video chats earlier on like maybe a month ago? Did you get? So that last one I talked to this guy in California and he was
he was in like a master's program and he was trying to get into education and I was like dude I'm in education and I actually hooked him up with like one of my co workers to be like dude you need to talk to somebody in the field, you're like a year away from getting a job and he actually got a got a contact and like maybe I've helped him figure out how to get work. This is like hilarious that this conversation actually like turned into something useful for somebody. Okay.
Now
what?
Yeah.
And
Mhm. Yeah. What, what do you what do you do?
Or
what?
On.
That's
What?
The problem.
Have you, have you been doing that for a while?
Call.
Yeah. I like made this switch. I thought it would be some high flying PhD guy and I didn't like the field after a while. I didn't feel like the jobs were there and I don't think they are on the school's about to close. Um
very violent. And
now I teach second grade through fifth grade. It's
I just chased little kids throw science at him. Like I do science. Just science. So like for my summer research is to buy a bunch of phone and try to make phone planes or like I'm making a little mechanical servo, like robots stuff. Like I just like, if I keep I can do it in 10 minutes. The kids can probably do it in two weeks. Um That kind of thing. It
was a good swing.
Exactly. Yeah. I'm just a big kid. That's all I do is I'm just
a giant little.
Is it?
It's not bad. Yeah. It definitely gels with my my personality of like hoops made a mess. Like better go clean it up. I'll complain first, but you know, smiling the whole time. Uh
people.
that's me. Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah.
Thank
you.
The thing I heard on that that I thought was so true is that zoom and those things in some ways it's not a conversation, it's several clip together. Monologues,
What?
Yes, it's angry.
it is.
Where are they,
that's
great. Yeah.
What? This was this was the first week we were able to buy hand sanitizer since the whole thing. Well I mean we weren't trying that hard. Our general strategy is you don't need it if you don't go outside and we're pretty happy we have an okay house, it's you know we're ok and we're like okay being okay, you know what I mean? But we finally were like you know what like let's go to the grocery store and this was the first week we actually found it. Uh Got
crazy.
I don't know. I I was a lot too much. Yeah I got uh I love that
joke.
It
was. I
do
do we have any of it? Yes you're so right.
Well
I
think it's so many people hating on people for hoarding when I think it's actually like especially in Maryland if you hoarded in the time when it was scary, there was like six cases in Maryland. So go out, get all your shopping done, do it go crazy, You don't ruin the supply chain. Everybody's gonna be freaking like upset about it. It's gonna be terrible. That's bad. But for those two weeks no one's gonna get the virus. So like everyone has to work overtime to refill the factories and complaining all this. That's great because that means that like we got everybody to crap before the virus like blew up. So I
think what we're saying like it's so bad. Like what? Your turn it's like, no, no, no, no, no. We need the supply chain to break now before like Covid makes us all like too afraid to do any of this work. Which
Like you
beaches stuff.
I mean,
yes. I don't know about you. But that check went right in my savings account just like pretending I don't have it. Like I don't want to need it. Oh my God, I'm hiding that money. Okay.
What?
That didn't.
What?
What?
And
got to be intentional. It's got to be all part of their whole protocol. But
does it?
Is
that just that just a normal thing or like that? Is that like they've decided that's better not not related to all this nonsense or because of this?
What,
What?
And
in october
my
I like I do want kids, my wife is like I don't know, probably not. Um And we're okay like I'm okay with that, you know what I mean? We had that conversation before we got married and I was like yeah I pick you like you're worth it if I have to compromise on this like you're the one that's fine. Um But you know teaching has made me want kids more this nanny in job taking care of 1/7 grade boy. It has made me reconsider
what
I mean the kid,
but like his attention span is like two seconds and it's not like the way you know a six year old or seven year old, like something happened at when puberty is like I don't know if it started or not like it's about to and you can tell like this attention's been so short and he just can't focus on and he's a he's a real sweet kitties this weekend but like and the word please never comes out. He's not oh my God like just be a little night, you know he is a sweet kid, he is nice and he does listen but he pushes oh my goodness. Uh I'm not ready
for that.
Yeah exactly. It's it's very normal. It's it's not like he's a weird version of this. I think it's just the normal version of like and it's like all right dude, like let's race on bikes, I'm gonna beat you at sports. Like all the things that keep him happy and tire him out I'm doing. Because it's like let's get you going, like you wanna like I don't let him win at anything, you know all that stuff like no, you're gonna learn to lose. Um and
get,
my
So
as soon as my rules, like if I'm there, my parents, the parents are paying me like you're not touching it again. As soon as I leave Xbox turns off before I get their Xboxes on like and they kind of let him play because it's a way for him to chat with his buddies.
I agree. I totally agree. I understand
it is some kind of communication, but also like, I mean, I wouldn't let my kids do that
had
I wouldn't let my kids do that. No way.
Before
what?
But yeah,
I'm
honestly like more
scared of
the
and that kind of stuff. It's like those games are designed so you don't put them down. I mean, I love video games, but those ones are so
targeted at that age. Like the problems aren't even hard. You know what I mean?
They're just hard enough for that age group. And then as adults, like the games aren't fun anymore because it's too easy that it's not complicated enough. Uh It's like the stuff that their blankets,
like I think it's just
wrapping
green.
What?
They
It's
so funny talking about like the stuff from our generation is like, you know, in my opinion, our stuff was the best. Of course it was. I grew up with it. It's definitely, and I look at the new stuff. I'm just like, you take your graphics and go away. Like I want whatever it was that made that magical for me. That's, that's what I want. Yeah.
All that, That's just something about that made it, made it made it wonderful because you do it. You can imagine everything else doing the
blank.
What?
you
you you do hit a limit as opposed to just being able to sit there for like, and I bet this kid will play for eight hours straight. Just never leave it if his parents
let
it.
Okay. Uh huh. Sure.
It's uh
one I mean I just think about how my mom would like kick me and my two sisters out of the house and we would just go to the big field and throw sticks around and make up stupid nothing we had nothing to play with and we had fun or we were bored. But we did it. You know what I mean? Like that's how that's what summer was. The fact that this, this family can afford to hire a nanny is just like, I can't even imagine the privilege. I mean I'll take the money, but it is, it is crazy.
What?
I kind of kind of as
much as I tried to be helpful,
that kind.
That's, that's a fear, right? That's absolutely my fear. So it's super hot.
What?
I mean, and I'm not complaining really, Like it is a good job. I'm happy to have summer work. You know what I mean? Plus like even this opportunity to like be in person interacting with one group of humans that is not my household is like amazing right now. Like you guys potted up with anybody like, which I think honestly makes sense. You find one family, you know what I mean? And like be like, all right, like let's do this Or are you doing that with like grandparents and all that? I mean what?
welcome
breath.
That's a lot. That's a nice set of people. I don't give you some variety. My very
own six more.
I just had like a two bedroom house with one bathroom and you guys like throwing stuff around. What?
exactly. Exactly. Go
like being bored. It's okay. It actually is. You will be okay. You'll come up with something. Yeah. Yeah.
What?
What?
Unless
you end
up doing, Oh my God. Like, like I went into my classroom today so I grab some batteries because of course a second grade science classroom is just like, I have a million batteries. You need them because of course I got all that crap. Um and they had cleaned the room up for me because I have been so bad and like just way too much science crap everywhere and they like took everything off the floors and would actually be like, we are waiting for you. Like you said you would do this last week, I know you're gonna do it this week. We just moved stuff, we wax the floors like yeah, I'm just like, oh, I feel bad. But also thank you. Yeah.
but
not
they their plan right now is that instead of having, say two second grades, they'll have like three or four and they'll be tiny. Yeah,
real small,
everybody's faces. Like I used to have a science room, nope, that's a classroom now, you don't have a room anymore, okay, Like whatever you guys want to pay me like that's fine, everything's fine,
but that's, that's sort of the plan. I mean, you know, in its most basic form, if it comes out that that's what they're thinking.
What that,
that that is not a problem. The problem is the parents standing next to that kid being like, did you do it, do it? Did you do it? Like those parents want to go to work? One thing we heard, we hear more than anything from parents is I want school to be childcare, not like just take the kid like get him out of my house finally
fine. I agree. But I also like understand parents are like this, I need this like just please please make this happen.
I think that's fair. I mean I part of me is like schools, not childcare is not supposed to be childcare, but at the same time like if we have if we're used to it being and then you're gonna rip that out like
All
Yeah. Everything falls apart. It really is
crazy.
What?
All of that.
For me
like like this this family working with is like a state's attorney and like mom works for some big rating agency. Like those people have important jobs like they need to work uh
Like it's so hard. Absolutely possible.
What? Yeah. Mhm.
I agree.
All
Please by by by this time next year that's that's like that happens. I'd be very happy.
They
They
also
I mean they also like they just locked down Beijing again like total city lockdown over 18 cases. They are not letting it get out like it's not getting over there like we are going to we are willing to do the work up front. It's not getting out. We we'll do the work later step.
it's not
what?
Yeah if you do that for real you did it for real for a month.
Yeah. I feel I was reading about those tracers in texas interesting like there aren't enough of us. It's so much. Oh my God like how how do you trace 40,000 cases or whatever.
It's not
you can't do that possible.
Ready. Crazy.
What?
that's
all
that.
It's just just wow.
I mean there might be
a smart but yeah I agree.
what?
I mean I
What? Yeah. The math on how much it would cost. Like if you ask every american to kick in $1000 right now or if they didn't have it, you know ask a little more from wealthy people like everybody kicks in 1000 bucks towards some crazy like um you know health department project just like how much money that project then have because good would that be enough to actually have done something? Because I know I right now would be looking like how much is that worth for me because it's probably worth more than a cell phone and you know what I mean? Like I wouldn't like giving up that money but like after three months of this like how much would I pay to have this go away because it's more than $1000. Like I think I would go into debt to get rid of this. Like I'll just get, get it over, rip it off just
Yeah, because I'm ready.
Uh huh. Yeah. Crazy.
Well
what?
you're looking at a little bit.
I think it's been half an hour and I won't say like uh this is this has been a super nice chat before before. Like they, but I wanted to ask like, did you name the kids?
Congratulations, Those are beautiful names. That's awesome.
man,
for
talking
that. Really.
Take
it easy. Yeah.
Yeah. Great to