Hi, I can't hear you. Six seconds. I don't know why, I don't hear you. Is your volume up? Can you hear me
okay? I hear you now, I hear
you, Yeah,
I'm gonna spend my time or so. I can make sure we do 25 minutes.
So
how are you?
Okay? My name is Cynthia.
I live in Raleigh. Well, I'm right now, I'm in Wake Forest, north Carolina. I used to live in Raleigh, but I live in Wake Forest and um, and right now it's like rainy outside. So my women, uh,
yes, it is actually 10 o'clock. Are you in a different time zone?
Really? I think it's that storm. They were saying Delta. Uh, I guess we're getting the tail end of it because it did a lot of drizzling and not to, not really heavy rain, Just a lot of drizzling. I go out, that's the best time for me to go out because not too many people are out.
I like this because we don't have to wear, we don't have to wear masks. Were actually doing some serious social discipline right now
as well. Okay, okay, so I got I'm a mommy, well I'm not a mommy, mommy. I'm um I got a grown grown son. Um I'm a grandma have two, a boy and a girl, um granddaughters 11 and my grandson is nine
and
yeah, I mean I miss the baby part, I know both of them and so now it's like I don't have grand babies, I got
grandchildren now, you know, like I went to that stage of like, wow. But yeah, I tell a lot of people, I said my son looks like he's 16,
I
look like I'm about in my forties come january, I'll be 60 years old.
I
told
of people,
I tell a lot of people I'm so proud of because um it's an, it's an experience of six, I could say decades that of, of experience. So I enjoy it. I said, I'm not ashamed of my age because age is just a number. You, you go within your, what's in your mind and everything else flows. You just go with life. I was like, this is not a book, we're writing it. So you know,
that's
how we have to go.
So have you
been on, um, prolific a long time. Is this through
protocol?
What
who's doing the photo bomb?
Hello Carrie. Oh,
well that's a baby too.
Okay.
And
just
kinda, wow,
this
is my
first
I missed the last time they had it going, I don't know my brain was on another level and I totally forgot. And then when I try to get on, it was saying that like I had passed it. So I was like, this time I set my alarm
clock,
I was
like, I put, I wanted too big for, I was like, I got to do it this time. I have to do it. So,
and look,
I've been on prolific for over a year.
Uh They are awesome play accompanied people. However they are surveys, They are awesome. I love it because they pay you in euro, but once you flip it over, you know, it's a little extra to me, it's a little extra. But I have paid bills with this.
I literally, I'm in euro is 400 I want to say it's over $400 in
euro or in euros. I should say that I've made.
So I record anybody that you know, I told my sister I was like, you need to get on this thing. I was like because you do surveys when you want to. I said they have surveys that come up. I try to catch all the good ones. You know they've got some really awesome ones like $3 for and I was like oh I'm on there like
all them on the computer all the time, not doing nothing but searching and doing this, doing that. Oh I care. I would love to see her because she just keep on trying to get up in there.
She's like I'm trying
to get a look at to
what kind of dog is that?
she's
mixed with something.
wow. She's literature. Huh
yeah. My neighbors to I live where I live, there is a lot of senior citizens because um a senior citizen. Um
but
I have it don't seem right
at all. Let me tell you. Uh huh. They walking around with their case and and I'm not I'm not laughing at them but it's the fact that
I'm very you know like um it's like how you say it's find the odd thing in the picture.
right. So I'm always I'm I'm very helpful with them you know? So I have a neighbor that I'm really close with Kathy and she has a rescue dog named Joey. So me and Joey is like my girlfriend or boyfriend. So he when I come over he gotta come over he got a sniff my arm and Kathy's like well what is it you got on? Because he's always like he got to come and get on the couch and sit right next to you and he don't move but he knows my since you know, so that's what it is, who knows my sense. So he knows when I come, he knows I'm going to give him a treat. Um My other girlfriend, she
has a cat. I don't know what kind of cat this is, but this cat is funny. She was showing me yesterday how the bottle caps of the soda, She throws them right and cat goes running and fix the cap the weight so she could put it in her mouth and she brings it. I was
like that
that look I said that cat gets a dog because then when I got the, but I'll take a video of it because nobody would.
I was like, oh my God, this cat is actually going and picking up the cap and bringing it back to him. Like I said, you know, maybe just a little bone for the little gold. Yeah.
So I was like, girl. Yeah.
I said, you know, this pandemic really did something to us because
all the things that you can do in the house, how did you come about? That one where, you know, this cat is picking
up this cap? She said,
what happened was she actually was unscrewing the bottle of soda she had, and when she said the cap somehow flipped out of her hand, and she was like, so you know, she's amputee, So she was like, what the hell? So, but it was so funny, she said the damn cat, he went running after the cat, she says, fixed in some way, so he could put it in with me. And she said, well, he brought the damn cat back to me. I said what? She said, I'm telling you, that's just how what happened. It was crazy. I said, wow, I say, and see the cats. They got some sense because this cat knows that she can't get up and go get that cat, you know? But it was funny how she said he fixed it like to put in his mouth and he carried the cat back to her almost
like no that's some I told a girl you can make some
a video tape.
I was like I kind of take this because I said nobody's gonna believe me. But I'm actually I'm this cat actually picking up this captain walking with it. I might
just put it. I find that video. And then she was sitting there on her wheelchair. She's like and he went and got the captain what? I'm like sitting there like oh wow, this cat. So I was trying to be funny. I go and she had a box of them. She said I started saving them. So you know, So she grabbed, I grabbed two of them. I said let's see if which one she's gonna go for or which one he's gonna go for. So I threw both of them and he looked at me, he looked at like okay, he went running and then he said, oh no you ain't playing yourself now, you're playing yourself because you took he didn't bring neither one of them back. She was like no you he only know to bring one at a time. I said well
I just was seeing which one he was gonna go
for. He ran after them when he saw it was to he just like
And walked off like
it's like
okay, it's too funny. I have some hilarious stuff that comes in. So I was like, this is the perfect video thing for me to do because I am a gift for Gab. When it comes to be like putting your finger up saying, oh, one more minute, let me get one. I need a sentence. Yeah. Uh My girlfriend told me you you missed your calling because you you should have been a comedian. I was like, well I'm only telling the real thing. So she was like, but girl you
are comical when you say, she said you can't nobody tell it like you tell because you make it comical. You know adult I
it's I'm telling you I'm sitting there like girl you got this cat carrying bringing back caps and so I was like you ain't had nothing else. She's like, nah, I promise you. She said I was not traded this cash, She said I'm gonna flip taliban, she said I unscrewed it and when I went to take it off and flipped so I flipped out of her hand and she said that it was an honest thing that happened. But she said when she looked and sort of cat had brought the thing back, she said I was sitting there like okay, well thank you, you know? And then she says she started like, oh let me see. And she threw it again and he took off running for and brought it back and fix it. She's like, it's amazing how he fixes the cap. So he put it, you know, with his poor he slipped it so he can pick it up with his mouth and then he carries it like he's a dog. I was like, that's amazing. I swear to you, I
have it on video people. Oh
you're
already, nope. This cat actually clipped it with his hand with his poor and then got his mouth and picked
it up and brought it back to her. When I, when I threw the cap, he brought it back to me. I was like, no, he don't drop it in your head, but he come right up to you and drop it right there on the floor. I'm sorry. Okay.
Yeah, I said girl, he thinks he's a dog was asked about that thing for a good minute. I was like, yeah, he picked the other one, that's what it is for sure.
But yeah, I'm on counting. You can't see my I got the clock but we let me see, can I see it? Oh, there you go. So I talked the whole minute, I guess we're gonna it's your minute to go now. All
But look how much money you saved.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
I
just
think about the uh
now. I said go to Youtube, you can do anything.
Youtube has a lot of things that I am amazed. Um I made uh, I'm still working on it, but I made a pumpkin, I wanted to go, I wanted it to be something different. So I, I got, I found the reef and then I got these little lights that like for christmas and I put
them around around and I still, I still haven't finished because I'm more of an arts and crafts person. So um have some purple bowls, No pope purple bats, I have um, some glow in the dark hands. So we're gonna hot glue those on the thing. I have to do it real quick And um I'm almost finished and uh put it on my front door and when the sunlight hits it, those hands that are all over there that are hot glue, they should glow in the dark. So I went on youtube and I, I caught an ideal, I wasn't sure I wanted the orange pumpkin. So this is actually purple in black and gold ish.
Like
this is so I like, you know what? I love purple. So I'm, I took two and try to put the purple in the middle and I didn't want, I wanted people to see that it was a pumpkin. So that's why I took the lights and went around. But I'm gonna start hot gluing stuff tonight and I got some purple bats and
so I was like, I do, I do crazy stuff. That's when I get bored. I'm definitely a arts and craft person. I got a whole card of everything. Well I make my christmas reefs. What else do I do? I just do a whole lot of crazy stuff.
I'm always doing something. I create stuff just to be doing it. I don't know why, but it's a habit, you know, this would happen. I got a collection up here so I'm gonna swing it so you can see, I don't know if
you guys, that's some on the in here. Um is the scarecrow and right there is the Tin Man and that's the cowardly lion. And this one here is, can I show you? That's
the, let me see if I could show you, hold on a minute. Okay. Maybe that light will be
thing. That's the Wicked witch of the West. I think it is because the Wicked Witch of the East is the pretty well. So um that's my little collection. I'm still looking for Dorothy. And um everybody that sees this as well, We're start the I said I'm don? T I said in total over there.
Well
you
know
what
what's so funny is I went to um the state fair. I don't know if they come to your town part of town. Do you have state fairs?
Oh when it comes? Well that's where I went and I got it. I went to the store. Well it was you know they have their little set up shops at the fairs and I happen to be walking past. And I saw the 10 man and I said to I said to them I said that's the visit of logs carriages and he says oh yeah he says uh that's Tin man and then he went over there he said they got the scarecrow and over this side as I said I want him him and they were like 30 bucks apiece. I didn't even care. I am the within the box. A wisdom
of crazy. I love I love the outset right here right now and watch the visit of ours because I love the show. I love the movie you know and everything. It's like what you I love that movie. I said I love the munchkin. I wish I could find the whole old thing. You know everything. The wizard. Um The I wish I could find um the uh the which but yeah,
but what what they call her the Good Witch of the West or look the Good Witch of the East. Yeah. I wish I could find her and I can't find her. So I said maybe if I ordered them it probably cost me an arm and a leg if I did because I would, that was out of fear. You know what I'm saying? So I put them in plastic so they don't get jacked up on me to try to salvage
them. I've had since 2000 and 10. Yeah, so uh they, they like over 10 years old, but when I first saw him I had to get them and I was like, I look up there and I say, oh yeah, I'm looking at all my money,
yep, they make me happy
and
you know
what I've said, that's something that is um maybe later on in life there will be worth something, you know, they got the tags on them still and I filled them and and plastic bags to keep, you know, keep them from being dusty
or and
yeah, so I I wish I could find cases for them though. You know, the maybe their size cases, I would probably have to really find, you know, like plexiglass to keep them put them on the stand and then have them in a casing. Yeah.
Well, it cost
me some more money so. Yeah, but.
Just
trying
to salvage it. But right now they're gonna stay in that plastic for sure. Well, other than that, I don't do anything. I'm retired. I retired in 2000 and nine. Uh I had really bad uh back issues. My my L. Four, my L. Four collapsed and then my L. Five, they prepared it in my L five collapsed. So
I end up having to come out retired. I had the time but I end up having to come out retired disabled because of the the situation, I counted their money. So I was lifting uh anywhere from 30 to 32 bags of quarters a day and I was lifting them and putting them on
skids. So I probably didn't use my knees one day and court and didn't, I can't remember what happened. All I know is that that stopped me from working and I've been like, out bored to death. So I've been doing all
kinds of things. Uh sometimes people are like, what did you do? I said, get on the bus and I ride it
every other day. Like I came, I went, you should have seen me. I'm watching my clock because I'm saying to myself, so I got I got my my own conference call coming up, I gotta get home. And then I thought, oh, it's not till 10 o'clock, so I'm sitting here and it tells you on there, Don't click
ahead even though you want. I was like, I was doing everything to keep from clicking on there. So that's why I came in a little after 10 because I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna miss it. So I went rushing on like, like an appointment. I almost forgot it. I was like, oh wow.
But yes, this is amazing. I don't even I forgot how much you make off this one. I
mean
and
but you got to do it like how many times though?
Yeah, because I know we don't know this is the slowest they this is the slowest time. I mean, I don't know, we I know I saw something clicking on the other page but I don't dare click over and go to that.
I need to go to it. So I mean I'm just I'm gonna go with the flow of it because I do have it on the timer. It's just a slow 25 minutes. 25 minutes. Right?
minutes. Well they're going to probably be laughing at hours if they're watching it because is going like she can talk, you're gonna do her again because she can talk. We were like, shut up some time. I spoke to myself, I'll tell everybody. I said my daddy told me I could talk to myself. He said just don't answer. Oh
still answer yourself?
Beautiful.
Probably true. If you just don't say it. What?
It's so sad because then be like uh because I was talking to um I forgot who that was. Um my son's friend, he ran into them. Somebody had a surprise birthday party, one flew from texas, the other one flew from new york and he was in in florida. So they went to Orlando and they all met up. So I said, oh you're having a little uh reunion going on over here. So I asked one of his friends, I said, how's your mother doing? Because me and his mother talked a lot,
but she lives in new york and I moved from there. So um yeah, because I used to live in new york and I moved once, I retired from Transit, it's like I'm not staying here, I'm gonna get arthritis and I'm gonna get in his worst case, so I'm going where it's warm because it was warm here, you know, in north Carolina. So I moved here and I've been here with 10 years. So um he says, oh my mom's is doing good. I he said, you know, she's dealing with a little um dementia. So I went up to new york and I saw her and he was like, ma he says, you know, I know you're suffering with the dementia, he said, but I just want you to know that you are now considered certified crazy now. And I was like why do you say that?
I was like raising that 200 ball like he said because you know my mom's was crazy. We rolled with crack jokes we have a good old time. Um So he was saying you know we used to y'all was always crazy. That's what he says our moms are when they get together, they always crazy. So he told her now she certified
because
she got them into like
I was like Lord have mercy I'll be praying. Don't let me get the dimension because I'll be like
I'll be looking at my own stuff. My sister she's stupid. She told me she said you know how you make sure you don't go crazy. She said record yourself that when you get to this part, I recording this because I want
you to know you're not crazy.
So I said so I'm supposed to look at this video that I'm telling myself that I'm not crazy. Get it together girl.
Thank you. I said I probably coming across the things. He's like, well what did I do this? Look if you ever forget anything, you need to read this like a sigh. I said well if that's the case I get like that I'm gonna be needing to record myself on a daily basis because if I didn't do that and I'm told my sister today, I was like you got me crazy because I was trying to tell her, she tells me something about her friend dog ate her dog. And I was
like Shelley, how did
your hermit heat? How did your current dog eat your dog? I said when you told me that you was gonna give my dog and this dog your dog to this lady who had dogs. That was like that. So, she was like, I didn't give my dog to nobody. I was like, yes, you did. I was like, you gave your dog and my dog to this lady that lived on, you know the street Lafayette, you said had dogs that were similar to Lucky and and Miss Mystic. So I said noodle nobody, th the dog didn't eat your dog. You gave the dog. But I don't remember that. I'll say, oh yeah,
she's younger than me. I was like, oh,
I
know,
I know. She gave the door because I had moved from 11 I was living in this apartment and
I
left
the apartment to my son and I moved to Brooklyn, which would have been closer to my job. So I couldn't take that dog with me. So I thought I had a dog and a cat and I couldn't take the door with me and the cat, I couldn't do nothing with him because she was already old. I got her working 89 if I would have brought her to them they would have just put her down. So and we're talking like 1999 2000 and 2 19 2000 and one. I want to say I move. And I got I have my cat since 89 from a baby. So she was already old. I was like no just let her you know just
let
her mingle in how she's gonna be to herself. But the dog the dog, I had to get somebody else. So she was the one that found the lady. I was like how are you talking about some dog? Her dog. I was like okay whoa.
I was like, you do want you doing the most right now surely. Like, I don't remember your door getting bit. I would have remembered that. You know what
I
that like come on. Like I don't ever remember your dog being you saying somebody ate your dog. Like no, I said you gave that dog to this lady and she lived on Lafayette. So I try to jog her memory, but it's like a wall
right there. She do not
remember
that. And I was like, damn, you see younger than me, I keep bringing it all the time. Lord, please don't let me get that.
He
says that
well
thank you.
I
got to parents that they're both suffering with that. So I make it jokingly because I'm like, I don't want to get like that. You know? Like don't remember certain things. Oh my God. I was like, my dad, my poor for my poor daddy. I mean, he's a korean that so he did the korean war. So right now he's sitting up in in queens in new york, in a v a nursing home. So, but he got he got that bad, he got it bad. But if you see him, you would not believe that man is going to become november next
month, he'll be 89 God willing. And
he do that. You do not look at, he don't look at, he looks like he's maybe
in his seventies. So, and my mom is the same, she's in her
eighties
and she looks like she's like in her late lows, early, early seventies, and people are like, that's not your sister, okay? But I said, bless boots to me is bittersweet genes. I call them. Because when you run into situations where um
like for here, I'm walking down the street, um, coming from the mailbox and this lady says to me, uh, oh, excuse me,
are
you the one going around to it? Seeing if people are gonna come out and vote, nope, I live here. You live here. I was like, yeah, I live here,
You're too young to be living in here. Those are the famous words, You gotta be 55 like this. Yeah, I like that. And then some like, oh my goodness, they move. So she told her sister came and I happened to see them and her sister was in a car because they ride their cars to the mailbox I walked to,
okay. And the mailbox places like, oh, it's about a water, I want to say if I go down and around, I could get a mile out. I do the route
that
I take right. But for them, oh no, they got, they live on this side, they're getting in that car, they're gonna write all the way around. So they get to the bell box, they got walking there. So I tell a lot of them that I mean it's a, it's a curse. I call it bittersweet. I don't want to call it a curse. I call it bittersweet because it's a good thing that I look this way that I look, but it's a bad thing because uh,
you, you have a hard time proving um like I want to go to the, to the abc store. Um, you know, I'm getting caught right up right away. He's like, oh, this is a little bit too strong for you. I'm gonna need to see that. I greenie, I'm like, okay, anybody like uh, so where did you get this made? And I was like, oh no, don't play, don't play. He's just, yeah, he's he knows when I come over there. He
he
always got jokes. I'm like, yeah, but you know, they know me now, but they still, I guess requirements, you know, because he was funny. He was like, mm, there's a little bit too strong for your age that I didn't, I was like giving the idea where did you get this when he did that? I was looking at him like
don't play for real, like I got to housing but let me buy my stuff and get out of here. But he just, I felt like he was trying to do an excuse, You know what I'm saying? So where you get this made from, come on now don't play and got time to be going to be making nothing up for sure.
Well,
okay, we like you too young to drink like go home. But yeah, I have, I have got carded and I'm just like, well, you know what I thank God that's all I can say. I think every day for another day because like I said, nobody's promised tomorrow. So you gotta make the best of it. And I have me and prolific me. They're getting down. Hey man, what you do all to, I'd be doing surveys and
I make
I think
that
I don't,
I don't
know
if nothing
else
I did. I did, I used to be with Aspen and that kind of like, I don't know, they was having some technical difficulty anyway. I couldn't get on and do the facebook thing. But um, that was $5 I think every time I did it I think I could do it like once a week then I was doing amazon's um
little the
merc turk
or whatever, that thing. Yeah I was doing that and they just every time I go in there they never had like up to date surveys for me to do and what they did have up there. It was it would be up there but you couldn't get in it. So so I went with prolific and I have not stopped, I'll be on there be making sure I got my about about you up to date. Um I switched, I learned a lesson because I switch um I got a new um bank card. I don't know what I did, I just say oh I know what I did. I switch in my paypal to a new email and I was doing the instant cash out. But when you switch your email you have to go and do their payment days as Tuesdays and thursday. So you have to cash out close to that in order to get your money for five times until I think the six times then you can do, you can go
back
to instant cash. Yeah,
so I I messed up. I was like uh but I needed to do it, I had to switch it up so I I learned from that, but I'm, look, I don't, I think this is my fifth time I've cashed out on a new one. And I got another one that I'm still at. I don't know, sometimes they take so long to pay out. And I mean it's like the little list ones be like maybe 21 cents and it's like I hold my mouse over and
it just
say,
oh you it will be paid by october 21st. I'm like for
of course, for this little bit why it takes so long to do that, you know? And then you got some of the guys or whoever the researchers. I mean, they'd be arguing with me about some attention. 11 was attention check um since I've read all of them, so it must have, I must have overlooked that one. Anyway, they're going to mm go and write me too about what we rejected. It was only 25 cents, like, are you serious much? I was like, okay, whatever, you know, okay. It's so I was like, this is crazy. So I was just too much. It's like, that's that's
technical right there, like, okay, you checked me. I was like, uh for a quarter,
Yeah, now I'm gonna pay attention to this one. And, and I'm gonna read also, I was reading before and then I was about to click on it and it was saying no don't click ahead of time, I'm looking at the clock on the computer like oh my God, so well it said 25 minutes, right,
it's
10,
that's what I'm saying, it's 10 40 so it clocked it. Shit. O'clock because this clock is oh you know what I did look at what I did,
let's go
thing
like
oh see I mean that's that's what I've been doing, this is what I and I didn't even pay that attention to what I'm saying, why is it doing all of these? We should have, so we're 10 40. We are we are
good
and I did most of the talking. You even haven't,
okay. So I don't feel like
I'm,
They told me, oh you're approachable,
you
can talk you
just you make anybody if they were having a bad day, you would change them. They couldn't have a good, so I thank you for the time and I don't know if we'll click on again, but it
would be
black, It would
be a plan.
With the blessing. It was a blessing. You
take
care. Do
do the thing now. Bye bye.