SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. What, wow. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Sure. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh heavens. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Yeah. No. What? Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi moment, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: It's good, good. Just get my value, my pair, make sure I can see here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it always zoom
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: stuff going or it's not even zoom but I turned that into a generic word
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that seems to be more common now, like it's just becoming a bigger part of our kind of uh shared vocabulary.
SPEAKER_R: here here. Um Okay, I'm roger
SPEAKER_L: I'm stage nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: I like your shirt,
SPEAKER_R: Oh thank you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: my favorite
SPEAKER_R: the first
SPEAKER_L: color.
SPEAKER_R: one person. Some island maps.
SPEAKER_L: Are you, are you a fissure or do you like being near the water?
SPEAKER_R: No, you don't wear a lot of Hawaiian shirts. And then I came into this Columbia of fishing shirt line and they've got a lot of colours variations on the patterns and I don't know, I like them, they're durable. Your was the doughnuts.
SPEAKER_L: I have doughnuts.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was looking to see if Homer Simpson was in there too, but
SPEAKER_L: No, no, but the pink. Yeah kind of
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: must not be the only one who likes donuts.
SPEAKER_L: no, it was just a fun shirt and I liked it, picked it up.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Yeah. So is this your first time or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh this is my second time doing one of these chats. Um you know it's just chatting, talking to people, have you done one before?
SPEAKER_R: this is this is not my fourth and the first one, I was like I didn't they didn't tell a lot, you know, I wasn't sure if it was really gonna be two people chatting natural interaction or if they would have like screeners just you know, so it's like everybody's just seemed pretty natural and real like I wish they did more studies like this. That's uh yeah it's fun way to spend a half hour and then they pay us to.
SPEAKER_L: Great, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: So um can I ask where you're at in the world?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I live in Salem Oregon city Northwest, um
SPEAKER_R: Salem.
SPEAKER_L: very beautiful day today. Yeah. Where are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh Near phoenix? Yeah Arizona. And it's super sunny. Which I like son. But Were we already set a record this year for a number of 110 or higher degree days and the whole next week is scheduled for 1 10 - 1 16. It's too much. Oh you disappeared from, yeah. Um No, nothing yet. Uh huh. There was a beep beep beep beep. Oh yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Alright, so I'm on my ipad and my iphone ring, so it did something I guess to, to flip this, so I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: hung up
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: all. You
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: the yeah that's my tiger. He sometimes he's attracted the voices. I think we already ate. It's not time what you're doing. Oh my gosh. I think you've got to switch over. I don't really know if they're looking for facial expressions, timing what it is they've got in mind but probably not a cat.
SPEAKER_L: I mean everybody loves, you know when a cat wants to take over and be the star, that's what cats do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You do to
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: sit
SPEAKER_L: best friend
SPEAKER_R: with.
SPEAKER_L: is actually in phoenix, so she's been telling me a little bit about that heat. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh are you anywhere near like Portland or places where?
SPEAKER_L: I am, yeah, I actually lived in Portland for several years. I'm about about an hour drive south from there, so it's kind of kind of in the area. I love it. It's it's green all the time. There's water everywhere. Um any kind of climate that you want,
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: heard of
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: an Oregon. I love it. Yeah and it doesn't get as hot as where you are.
SPEAKER_R: Boom. Oh yeah. Well nowhere I guess with climate weirding, I'm hoping I can spend the rest of my life here, but I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Last year I was in the desert near Palm Springs and like the Eastern Coachella Valley area. So I got about nine months a little taste of the desert. So I got there in July and it was around like 1:15 and I am not used to that at all and um that was an adventure. Um It was hard to not be able to leave
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: beautiful
SPEAKER_L: house because you had
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: to be in your air conditioning but I got a little taste of it so I can kind of appreciate where you're at
SPEAKER_R: Can I ask is your phone off now? I'm getting a couple second lag between your audio and your video, but I'm not sure what might be causing it.
SPEAKER_L: Everything is
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: often,
SPEAKER_R: not a big people.
SPEAKER_L: sorry it might be my
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: wifi connection. Sorry
SPEAKER_R: Well no, I mean yeah, that's okay. Um Yeah. Oh I want to I love palm springs. Did you go to Joshua tree park?
SPEAKER_L: Um I did not I heard about it, I didn't get a chance to go during my time there so next time
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: I'm down there I'll check it out.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah it's it's really kind of other world li the they have these Joshua trees, they're kind of a yucca but they twist and bend and they kind of look like something from a dr Seuss book and then lots of almost like lots of rock in areas that you know some they look like things are how about some look like skulls and some are just caves but it's all very striking but um.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Um Do you like to do a lot of stuff out in nature like the other?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, except for the summer. But yeah, There's a mountain that I'm looking at, it's about seven miles away.
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: It's called superstition or just the Superstition Mountains. But if you go to Lost Dutchman State Park you only have to hike about one mile and you exit the parking you into the Tanto National Forest. And then a little while later you're actually in what they call wilderness unit. So there's extra restrictions um against what can be done there. And it's just like, wow, one hour hike and you're just in a totally different world,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. That's that's very cool. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: suppose.
SPEAKER_L: to be out in nature just exploring
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: and doing whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I in my mind, Oregon is just endless.
SPEAKER_L: Um It can feel like that I guess but it's just it um I spent
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: endless beauty.
SPEAKER_L: it is I I have just I've never been anywhere like it it's just magical all around just trees, mountains it's paradise.
SPEAKER_R: okay. We've been there for a long time.
SPEAKER_L: I've been there about a decade. I was born and raised in florida so um I
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: don't miss the heat or the humidity or the bugs or any of that.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: were you were still an adult in florida.
SPEAKER_L: I was um I stayed there tell us about 30.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. No, I may have a misunderstanding of florida. Uh like what do you have to do to get kicked out of florida? Oh, uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean I wouldn't say I kicked was kicked out I willingly cheerfully you know made my departure
SPEAKER_R: book.
SPEAKER_L: from florida violently.
SPEAKER_R: people aren't trapped there. I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: know it's a it's a unique place. Um
SPEAKER_R: it really gets beat up a lot by the late night comics. And I'm not sure why. I think they pull stories of people misbehaving in weird ways more from florida than other states. They can't just be that the heat makes people act.
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, But they were here
SPEAKER_L: there's a
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of strange things about florida is so it's a weird place. Um Not all bad um But I mean there's a lot of tourism, there's a lot of history,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of different areas of florida. Um I'm from north florida and it's completely different from like Orlando and south, it's like a completely different world.
SPEAKER_R: You like up in the little skinny area under
SPEAKER_L: Right like right under Georgia and right under
SPEAKER_R: two?
SPEAKER_L: Alabama culturally that area is very deep south but once you get to Orlando that's more like the tourists, the mickey mouse, the kind of florida that you see on tv Miami stuff like that. Um Both are I think heavily influenced by the heat and the humidity. Like it's just a type of feeling that it will make you, it will make you crazy. I think.
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: I really think it is that um
SPEAKER_R: wondered, I'm like, I know the seniors flock down there, but I'm like, well, we get a lot in Arizona too, but I'm like, and humidity, is it moving
SPEAKER_L: think I I don't understand it.
SPEAKER_R: either? You know, I would love all. I'm dying. I mean, it's, it's on my bucket list. Like I want to see new york
SPEAKER_L: Is it?
SPEAKER_R: replaces. I want to do the keys and I'm sure it's just a whole parade of tourists going up and down the highway and then the regular, the people who live there like, yeah, You know where they go?
SPEAKER_L: I've never actually been to The Keys. Um That's a place you really might as well fly. It really. Is that far of a drive from where I was, I was in the northeast corner so that's like I don't know, maybe eight hour drive or something. So it was just somewhere that we never went. But it's on my list too,
SPEAKER_R: I'd be like, I used to live in Minnesota. That'd be like a road trip across Minnesota and south Dakota. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you know. But it's it's a big it's a big state. It's very spread up.
SPEAKER_R: okay, wow. Um, forgive me. I'm slightly tired. I just got off well at one I did a three hour coffee zoom Lemonis group, uh phoenix group of humanists. And we used
SPEAKER_L: benefit.
SPEAKER_R: to meet in person at a cafe And just maybe 20-30 people. Sometimes we
SPEAKER_L: From.
SPEAKER_R: break up the little conversations. Then the virus came, we all got on zoom and it started out just chaos because nobody knew how to work all the different devices and different operating systems. But we finally got up to where we were having such good conversations that are like um we got a moderator and then you have to use the hands up to and stuff to respond to people and it's like it's tiring. But how is your day, Ben?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm really fascinated by this. Um What is your what do you mind if I ask, what is your humanist group, what is that about? What do you talk about?
SPEAKER_R: tell me about it. I I hadn't heard of them before. I stumbled into them because I was hiking with meet up people and one of the groups that does regular hikes is the atheist group. And I went with them a couple of times and
SPEAKER_L: but if.
SPEAKER_R: then they told me about humanism and it turns out there's uh Hs. G. P. The humanist society of greater phoenix. It's can't really be a add, well they can advocate but they can't be political. There are five oh one C. Or something so they can endorse candidates. But but it's like a place where we
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: used to go to the community center and have meetings every two weeks we bring in a speaker. Um Some you know professor somebody someone who had real deep knowledge about something about 100 people would show up and we you know learn about something socialized and then we do a lot of different now it's all gone online, we still do that but we do groups like Philosophy night, Geography night um Philosophy under the influence, alcohol is encouraged. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that sounds fun
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then the thursday's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: used to be blowing off steam or just being silly or but lately there's so much going on. So today we had a couple people in medical fields who were giving us more covid info, a couple who have one teacher and uh a mother who's really freaking out about what she's gonna do with her kids because everything is in the air in Arizona and about what schools opening when and everything. And so we talk about those issues and then a lot about today, it was a lot about equality. We had a study group for five weeks in a row that just ended to stay called how to be anti racist for white people. And and I was like, oh you know you think I'm like I I think I'm a pretty good person, I don't go around saying things, I don't judge people, you know, you have your first biases and stuff, but then what I say, what I act on how I treat people. I run it all through the interpreter and I tried to be nice, but then you learn all about certain microaggressions and advantages white people have, that maybe we never even knew we had. And I'm like, wow, that was very eye opening.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, that's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: so the humanist like they try to just promote people leading ethical, meaningful lives of self fulfillment without any promise of a reward in an afterlife or any threat of a punishment.
SPEAKER_L: Got to. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Some of a lot of atheists. But there's program director is a buddhist,
SPEAKER_L: It is.
SPEAKER_R: you know, that's not quite a religion, but it's um, you know, we have people all over the spectrum just sometimes we lean a little more left. So one day we did a special enquiring minds study group for 2.5 hours on conservatism, we couldn't find anyone who was really a conservative to give us their points. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh darn,
SPEAKER_R: I know so
SPEAKER_L: I didn't say nothing
SPEAKER_R: well Yeah, I've talked to a couple of younger
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: people so far, 300 people. Are you are you in school or are you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No I I went to school, I got my bachelor's degree in Psychology and professional education. Uh huh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: coming from where I come from uh is very conservative is very um well if you can watch the news and see what that areas like. Um I didn't really fit in with that culture um but it had a big influence on um how I was raised as somebody who didn't fit into that that predominant culture um as part of marginalized groups. Um I wanted to go to school to really understand um Mhm. Just how our minds work. Um I went there uh to help other people who maybe have experienced what I have but in the process of studying psychology, it really did a lot of work in my mind to help me understand um myself better to communicate better and uh kind of escape some of those uh negative voices that give implanted in your head really early on. Um help me kind of work through those
SPEAKER_R: And that four year degree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did not end up going into that as um as my job. Um And that's just you know, life happens sometimes and you got to take the job that pays the rent. Uh
SPEAKER_R: no I would I would say that
SPEAKER_L: Of.
SPEAKER_R: four years might be a bit much for what I have in mind, but I think that our schools really fail us and you know in high school and stuff, you know you got all these little curricula, you've got to learn the basic chemistry, physics, math english, some some schools still teach you how to scribble, write cursive but um but how about critical thinking skills, understanding how the human mind works to me, that should almost be something everyone has to learn, you know, more coursework before. Maybe you do it on your own. I don't know what this would look like, but To me, you shouldn't be considered an adult and have full privileges until you're maybe 25 and you've got a lot more learning stacked up. I know that's asking a lot for everyone to do, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No I I can probably your logic on that certainly. Um it is kind of scary thing when you think about somebody that's 18 coming up in the education a system that we have or not getting an education at all, still having this huge responsibility of choosing, you know, just making huge decisions in your community that play. I mean, nobody nobody cares about the soil and what our representative except for this oil and what our representative usually but things like that, you know, if you don't even know what that I am not even I'll be honest, I'm not entirely sure I know what they do either, but what you're expected to vote on that and you have the right to vote on that and you know, I get where you're going. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I want, I want to be more aware of, you know, they don't all have to, I don't I'm not asking people to give up their different religions and beliefs and such, but I would love just to see them, everyone have the ability to yeah, uh to think about things, to look at arguments, to look at information that comes their way and to decide whether or not a source is trustworthy. Because I've been I've even been bristling lately just seen when I go to google news, you know, aggregator, I'll see some of the headlines and I'm like, well that's quick bait. And I look down and see it's like the L. A. Los Angeles Times or the new york times and I'm like, whoa, did they fire the editorial staff? You know, it looks like Clickbait and I'll open an article and it's like, yeah, it didn't fit with what the headline launched. And so then you get that erosion and then you get all these kind of fake news places, you know, And I don't like, I I'd be lost if I was my 18 year old self today trying to sort out what's real. You know, if I had friends who wanted to go to Sturgis, I would have probably just gone without a mask and like they're, I think they're still there Something like 250,000 people and I like there could be so many people getting sick. But
SPEAKER_L: Very strange tens we're living in. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Tell me about it. So you work in the area.
SPEAKER_L: Um Actually don't right now um taking a little bit of time off to work on some personal things and family things right now. Um But it's given me time to think it's given me time to um pick up some new hobbies. So I've started like
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: drawing
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: more and I got a selling machine and I'm gonna learn how to sew and um make masks so I can help the effort, you know, that
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: hopefully
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: my own clubs.
SPEAKER_R: really, I mean it still is now. It turns out we've learned a little more about what the effect of masks are like and, and I, and a lot of the ones out there aren't necessarily that great.
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: I don't want.
SPEAKER_L: not, there are um but it's part of our uh I don't think they're going away anytime soon, so even if,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they, any of them that should come out should be a quality product, but I mean logically that's what we should be buying anyway. Um but I'm looking at it also from kind of a passionate perspective of there will always be somebody that wants a more special mask than the person next to them. They want a video fancy or whatever, there's a market for that.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. I have a friend, she likes the pretty ones. And early
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: I like tried giving her a white three unmask, you know, a construction one of 95 don't get them anymore. But she's like, she wanted to just wear a handkerchief instead. And we went, this was before,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: right, early March. We went to the store in some nice lady who had made mass gave her a better one. It was pretty. So she wore that and I was like, okay, that's good,
SPEAKER_L: we just have this new article of clothing that were expected to wear every day. That's that's kind of what it is and if it's going to cover this much of your face, I mean that's what you're presenting to the world, it's now going to be your most predominant feature. So you know I think there are some opportunities there not to capitalize on a bad thing, but you know people
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: need
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: these
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: things might as well get the people you know the country one if it brings people a little bit of joy to feel good about this thing that they have to wear.
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: You know maybe
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: it makes it a little bit better, they're not quite as bad.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm with you there. Yeah, I'm starting to think about either getting a shell that goes over the, I still have some of the dust masks. Either that or to switch over because I'm not so many people are wearing the plane light ones anymore in and I I know I don't go out a lot, but I do pick up things. I have an elder friend who can't see well, so I take her around her appointments and stuff. So we're always wearing the masks. People
SPEAKER_L: it's a part of our life now.
SPEAKER_R: is your area like conservative or I mean are people complying wearing masks? I mean you go out and
SPEAKER_L: Um I think for the most part um we are fortunate in that there is a lot of space here to where you don't necessarily, you're not packed in like in the middle of a city where everywhere you walk around you have to wear them. So you've got your trees in your woods, in your nature, so um
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: we have a little more breathing room which I think helps people not be quite as frustrated if they have to walk into the store, they've got their mask. Um There
SPEAKER_R: understand.
SPEAKER_L: are a lot of places that have signs up that they won't let you in if you don't have a mask now. Um So I mean I think people are taking it seriously here, nobody wants to do it, but nobody wants to be responsible for making somebody sick or getting sick so.
SPEAKER_R: That's yeah, that's the thing. I I have one person who I am in a pod with, that's my older friend and I'm like, tell everyone, I'm sorry, I can't hang around with you without a mask because uh I got to protect her. Mhm And then that protects me to uh um so is it a small town you're in? I'm sorry, I just love hearing about different places and I never heard of
SPEAKER_L: gently
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: um It's I would say it's kind of a smallish town, I mean that's the capital, so it's where like the governor is and everything. Um So it's it's kind of rural here. Uh certainly as compared to say Portland, which is a big city. Um you know, it's kind of quiet, everybody knows everybody. Um It's very that uh
SPEAKER_R: so s
SPEAKER_L: it's been a while since I've lived in a place that was quite like, that reminds me in some ways of where I was in florida. Uh just just the kind of rural nature of it and just a small town feel um pros and cons to that, But I mean we have our cherry trees, everything is in bloom all the time. Um just in all directions everywhere you look like, I wish I could show you just outside.
SPEAKER_R: it's beautiful,
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, it's it's just beautiful, look at mountains and all the food that grows here and I mean we pretty much to be our own self sustaining region. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you could almost be like a local board if you wanted,
SPEAKER_L: That's actually a big part of our culture here, which I like because we really we we are very blessed and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: fortunate to have um Just just so much food that easily grows here. Um Very grateful for that. Hey
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: guys.
SPEAKER_R: love that in phoenix, but just during certain times of years, you know, in the summer, it's like we've got to bring it in from other states or Mexico or whatever, if, you know, if we want a fresh salad and stuff and then when the wintertime comes, California kind of shuts down a little and then southern Arizona takes over for the salad, but it's the big stuff for like the whole country instead of just Yeah, and then my farmer's market. So yeah, I'm sorry, I would just love to be a local war. I think that's important in fighting climate change and making the world's healthier and in our bodies in the economy, I think, yeah, get pay people to raise food and uh Farah rate instead of the cheapest rate possible.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. Yeah, it's tough to make all of those things work together in a capitalist society where we have corrupt leaders and I mean, you know, our whole like leftish feel that happens, but we're not wrong. Um
SPEAKER_R: We were talking today about the frustrations about getting
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: changed, like someone was saying she was maybe in her seventies, she she came here from Mozambique, been in the United States several decades and she's like, it's been two parties this whole time. She was, she's depressed, she's like yeah, bike will get in hopefully and things will change somewhat, she says, but we still need a whole new structure government and sort of just swapping between parties every few years. But how do you do it?
SPEAKER_L: that's the big question, isn't it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And it's like,
SPEAKER_L: At
SPEAKER_R: I'm hoping we all figured something out. I have some friends who think that we're on the path towards revolution if things don't get better and some of them are like we want jobs back and I'm more like how about you be, I maybe we don't base our value on what we do for a living, but we do the basic income in every human has an intrinsic value just in being alive. So we give them the tools to stay alive, like a food and a roof. And some of my humanist friends are like the ones who have worked hard their whole lives are older, they made money and they're like, I don't know, but others are very much for like. Andrew yang. You heard? Okay. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it would be good if people had more, you know, cared more about people than money. Um That's just unfortunately not the society that uh we live in right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that's the problem with capitalism is turned into this game where Like right now it's either two or 3 people own half of the wealth, you know, it's Bezos and whoever is duking it out and I'm thinking wow, if one of them shoots up, you know? Um there can only be one, it's like highlander old show um and then what the world ends once one person gets all the money. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: know, I think it will end before that that's that's looming. Yeah, there's it's a I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: think we're just in an unprecedented time in history on a global scale and unless you are in that club, okay, we get the information that we get fed how much is actually real. It might be scary if we didn't know.
SPEAKER_R: through right. Yeah. I keep waiting for trump to just pull some files out of some secret stash and start sharing them that he hasn't really done that. I thought we were going to get the truth on aliens if there is the truth. But oh we got with a few files released from the Department of the Navy. There are all Ufo footage, but it's like whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Just another distraction from the actual important things. That's the that is that game, it's all theater. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's it. Yeah. I have a hard time. I'm typically in an optimist and I really am hopeful. But some uh some of my friends are a little more dollars because they were like once who were around in the sixties and were protesting um you know there were what? Race riots, it was loving, there was anti Vietnam, all this stuff they grew up and they thought were going to make change. The world will soon be different. And now some of them are really hard to cheer up. They've been waiting a long time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it it's sad because we have the capability of being better than we are and it's a choice and that's kind of the sad reality of it. This Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm starting to wonder if some days how can we just do a, I'm
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: happy with the Bitcoin thing, how it works and pollutes and stuff heats up electricity. Well if we could just do an end run around the government and start living our lives, you know, our own barter systems, our own ways of living and then we just pay our ties to the federal cities in the state. But go about living our own lives and eventually the government's just become less and less meaningful. But of course that means we have to take on everything, you know, take on health care ourselves, take on.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. That's the struggle. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Remember. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Big.
SPEAKER_R: how how old you are?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm 312 years old. It feels like that some days
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: thinking dog here. So
SPEAKER_L: knees
SPEAKER_R: we find
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: place
SPEAKER_L: when I wake up
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: in the morning that I'm 312
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: years old, been like that.
SPEAKER_R: I was surprised when he said he spent 30 years. I thought you were way longer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, thank you. It will call it good lighting a second Oregon lighting,
SPEAKER_R: I have one friend are buddhist celebrant, the humanist society, he's got
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: no hair. No it just it left him early And I was just I just recently learned that he's only like a year, I think he's like 55 and I was like what? So thought you were maybe 40 at most.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I started losing my hair when I was 17, so mine was I started really early too,
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you don't have to do the haircut thing
SPEAKER_L: I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: wrong.
SPEAKER_L: I still I still have some, so I still like just because a little bit you have um Yeah, it is what it is you
SPEAKER_R: I've been putting the 1" comb on my good evening and then go buzz buzz buzz. You don't have any friends who cut hair and
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I think a lot of people are starting to learn how to do more things for themselves, being stuck at home, so it's not entirely a bad thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, the sewing, I mean hand sewing to cooking. Uh huh What is it? I have a friend who's been posting a lot of pictures of not just sour dough but lots of things she's baking and and I'm only jealous because I can't go steal them off her windows soul unless I'm wearing a mask and
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: you go. It literally be a masked bandit though.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Oh man, I just noticed the time, I'm sorry. I hope I hope you didn't have something to do. And I was sitting here gathering and keeping you. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay. Well, I am glad we had this chat. I hope you take care and don't get too hot in the summer, you know, for the more times you got
SPEAKER_R: Okay, well, since we probably won't bump into each other again here, I wish you a good life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you too.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. It's nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you roger, but by