Yeah. Yeah. What, wow. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Sure. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh heavens. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Yeah. No. What? Yeah. Hello?
It's good, good. Just get my value, my pair, make sure I can see here.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, that seems to be more common now, like it's just becoming a bigger part of our kind of uh shared vocabulary.
I'm stage nice to meet you.
I like your shirt,
my favorite
color.
Are you, are you a fissure or do you like being near the water?
I have doughnuts.
No, no, but the pink. Yeah kind of
like,
no, it was just a fun shirt and I liked it, picked it up.
Uh this is my second time doing one of these chats. Um you know it's just chatting, talking to people, have you done one before?
Great, definitely.
Yeah, I live in Salem Oregon city Northwest, um
very beautiful day today. Yeah. Where are you? Yeah.
Alright, so I'm on my ipad and my iphone ring, so it did something I guess to, to flip this, so I
hung up
all. You
have
I mean everybody loves, you know when a cat wants to take over and be the star, that's what cats do.
My
best friend
is actually in phoenix, so she's been telling me a little bit about that heat. Yeah,
I am, yeah, I actually lived in Portland for several years. I'm about about an hour drive south from there, so it's kind of kind of in the area. I love it. It's it's green all the time. There's water everywhere. Um any kind of climate that you want,
We
have
an Oregon. I love it. Yeah and it doesn't get as hot as where you are.
Last year I was in the desert near Palm Springs and like the Eastern Coachella Valley area. So I got about nine months a little taste of the desert. So I got there in July and it was around like 1:15 and I am not used to that at all and um that was an adventure. Um It was hard to not be able to leave
the
house because you had
to be in your air conditioning but I got a little taste of it so I can kind of appreciate where you're at
Everything is
often,
sorry it might be my
wifi connection. Sorry
Um I did not I heard about it, I didn't get a chance to go during my time there so next time
I'm down there I'll check it out.
That's cool. Um Do you like to do a lot of stuff out in nature like the other?
it is.
Yeah definitely. That's that's very cool. I
like
to be out in nature just exploring
and doing whatever. Yeah.
Um It can feel like that I guess but it's just it um I spent
my
first
it is I I have just I've never been anywhere like it it's just magical all around just trees, mountains it's paradise.
I've been there about a decade. I was born and raised in florida so um I
don't miss the heat or the humidity or the bugs or any of that.
I
I was um I stayed there tell us about 30.
I mean I wouldn't say I kicked was kicked out I willingly cheerfully you know made my departure
from florida violently.
you
know it's a it's a unique place. Um
I mean
there's a
there's a lot of strange things about florida is so it's a weird place. Um Not all bad um But I mean there's a lot of tourism, there's a lot of history,
there's a lot of different areas of florida. Um I'm from north florida and it's completely different from like Orlando and south, it's like a completely different world.
Right like right under Georgia and right under
Alabama culturally that area is very deep south but once you get to Orlando that's more like the tourists, the mickey mouse, the kind of florida that you see on tv Miami stuff like that. Um Both are I think heavily influenced by the heat and the humidity. Like it's just a type of feeling that it will make you, it will make you crazy. I think.
I really think it is that um
think I I don't understand it.
Is it?
I've never actually been to The Keys. Um That's a place you really might as well fly. It really. Is that far of a drive from where I was, I was in the northeast corner so that's like I don't know, maybe eight hour drive or something. So it was just somewhere that we never went. But it's on my list too,
you know. But it's it's a big it's a big state. It's very spread up.
benefit.
From.
Yeah. I'm really fascinated by this. Um What is your what do you mind if I ask, what is your humanist group, what is that about? What do you talk about?
but if.
Well.
that sounds fun
and
Yes, that's
good.
Got to. Okay.
It is.
Oh darn,
I didn't say nothing
there.
Uh No I I went to school, I got my bachelor's degree in Psychology and professional education. Uh huh. Yeah,
coming from where I come from uh is very conservative is very um well if you can watch the news and see what that areas like. Um I didn't really fit in with that culture um but it had a big influence on um how I was raised as somebody who didn't fit into that that predominant culture um as part of marginalized groups. Um I wanted to go to school to really understand um Mhm. Just how our minds work. Um I went there uh to help other people who maybe have experienced what I have but in the process of studying psychology, it really did a lot of work in my mind to help me understand um myself better to communicate better and uh kind of escape some of those uh negative voices that give implanted in your head really early on. Um help me kind of work through those
did not end up going into that as um as my job. Um And that's just you know, life happens sometimes and you got to take the job that pays the rent. Uh
Of.
Yeah. No I I can probably your logic on that certainly. Um it is kind of scary thing when you think about somebody that's 18 coming up in the education a system that we have or not getting an education at all, still having this huge responsibility of choosing, you know, just making huge decisions in your community that play. I mean, nobody nobody cares about the soil and what our representative except for this oil and what our representative usually but things like that, you know, if you don't even know what that I am not even I'll be honest, I'm not entirely sure I know what they do either, but what you're expected to vote on that and you have the right to vote on that and you know, I get where you're going. Uh
Very strange tens we're living in. Yeah.
Um Actually don't right now um taking a little bit of time off to work on some personal things and family things right now. Um But it's given me time to think it's given me time to um pick up some new hobbies. So I've started like
drawing
more and I got a selling machine and I'm gonna learn how to sew and um make masks so I can help the effort, you know, that
hopefully
make
my own clubs.
They're
not, there are um but it's part of our uh I don't think they're going away anytime soon, so even if,
I mean they, any of them that should come out should be a quality product, but I mean logically that's what we should be buying anyway. Um but I'm looking at it also from kind of a passionate perspective of there will always be somebody that wants a more special mask than the person next to them. They want a video fancy or whatever, there's a market for that.
Absolutely.
And
we just have this new article of clothing that were expected to wear every day. That's that's kind of what it is and if it's going to cover this much of your face, I mean that's what you're presenting to the world, it's now going to be your most predominant feature. So you know I think there are some opportunities there not to capitalize on a bad thing, but you know people
need
these
things might as well get the people you know the country one if it brings people a little bit of joy to feel good about this thing that they have to wear.
You know maybe
it makes it a little bit better, they're not quite as bad.
it's a part of our life now.
Um I think for the most part um we are fortunate in that there is a lot of space here to where you don't necessarily, you're not packed in like in the middle of a city where everywhere you walk around you have to wear them. So you've got your trees in your woods, in your nature, so um
we have a little more breathing room which I think helps people not be quite as frustrated if they have to walk into the store, they've got their mask. Um There
are a lot of places that have signs up that they won't let you in if you don't have a mask now. Um So I mean I think people are taking it seriously here, nobody wants to do it, but nobody wants to be responsible for making somebody sick or getting sick so.
gently
um It's I would say it's kind of a smallish town, I mean that's the capital, so it's where like the governor is and everything. Um So it's it's kind of rural here. Uh certainly as compared to say Portland, which is a big city. Um you know, it's kind of quiet, everybody knows everybody. Um It's very that uh
it's been a while since I've lived in a place that was quite like, that reminds me in some ways of where I was in florida. Uh just just the kind of rural nature of it and just a small town feel um pros and cons to that, But I mean we have our cherry trees, everything is in bloom all the time. Um just in all directions everywhere you look like, I wish I could show you just outside.
But yeah, it's it's just beautiful, look at mountains and all the food that grows here and I mean we pretty much to be our own self sustaining region. Um
That's actually a big part of our culture here, which I like because we really we we are very blessed and
fortunate to have um Just just so much food that easily grows here. Um Very grateful for that. Hey
guys.
Mhm. Okay. Yeah, it's tough to make all of those things work together in a capitalist society where we have corrupt leaders and I mean, you know, our whole like leftish feel that happens, but we're not wrong. Um
Well,
that's the big question, isn't it? Yeah.
At
You know, it would be good if people had more, you know, cared more about people than money. Um That's just unfortunately not the society that uh we live in right now.
know, I think it will end before that that's that's looming. Yeah, there's it's a I
think we're just in an unprecedented time in history on a global scale and unless you are in that club, okay, we get the information that we get fed how much is actually real. It might be scary if we didn't know.
Just another distraction from the actual important things. That's the that is that game, it's all theater. Um
it it's sad because we have the capability of being better than we are and it's a choice and that's kind of the sad reality of it. This Uh huh.
You
think?
Uh huh. That's the struggle. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh.
Big.
Um I'm 312 years old. It feels like that some days
my
knees
tell
me
when I wake up
in the morning that I'm 312
years old, been like that.
Yeah, well, thank you. It will call it good lighting a second Oregon lighting,
No.
Yeah, I started losing my hair when I was 17, so mine was I started really early too,
and
I don't know,
I still I still have some, so I still like just because a little bit you have um Yeah, it is what it is you
I mean, I think a lot of people are starting to learn how to do more things for themselves, being stuck at home, so it's not entirely a bad thing.
There
you go. It literally be a masked bandit though.
that's okay. Well, I am glad we had this chat. I hope you take care and don't get too hot in the summer, you know, for the more times you got
Yeah, you too.
nice to meet you roger, but by