Hi moment, how's it going?
Yeah, it always zoom
stuff going or it's not even zoom but I turned that into a generic word
here here. Um Okay, I'm roger
you too.
Oh thank you. Yeah,
the first
one person. Some island maps.
No, you don't wear a lot of Hawaiian shirts. And then I came into this Columbia of fishing shirt line and they've got a lot of colours variations on the patterns and I don't know, I like them, they're durable. Your was the doughnuts.
Okay. I was looking to see if Homer Simpson was in there too, but
he
must not be the only one who likes donuts.
Cool. Yeah. So is this your first time or?
this is this is not my fourth and the first one, I was like I didn't they didn't tell a lot, you know, I wasn't sure if it was really gonna be two people chatting natural interaction or if they would have like screeners just you know, so it's like everybody's just seemed pretty natural and real like I wish they did more studies like this. That's uh yeah it's fun way to spend a half hour and then they pay us to.
So um can I ask where you're at in the world?
Salem.
uh Near phoenix? Yeah Arizona. And it's super sunny. Which I like son. But Were we already set a record this year for a number of 110 or higher degree days and the whole next week is scheduled for 1 10 - 1 16. It's too much. Oh you disappeared from, yeah. Um No, nothing yet. Uh huh. There was a beep beep beep beep. Oh yeah. Okay.
All
Is
this
the yeah that's my tiger. He sometimes he's attracted the voices. I think we already ate. It's not time what you're doing. Oh my gosh. I think you've got to switch over. I don't really know if they're looking for facial expressions, timing what it is they've got in mind but probably not a cat.
Yeah. You do to
sit
with.
Oh are you anywhere near like Portland or places where?
I've
heard of
this.
Boom. Oh yeah. Well nowhere I guess with climate weirding, I'm hoping I can spend the rest of my life here, but I don't know. Yeah.
it's
beautiful
there.
Can I ask is your phone off now? I'm getting a couple second lag between your audio and your video, but I'm not sure what might be causing it.
It's
not a big people.
What?
Well no, I mean yeah, that's okay. Um Yeah. Oh I want to I love palm springs. Did you go to Joshua tree park?
no.
Okay. Yeah it's it's really kind of other world li the they have these Joshua trees, they're kind of a yucca but they twist and bend and they kind of look like something from a dr Seuss book and then lots of almost like lots of rock in areas that you know some they look like things are how about some look like skulls and some are just caves but it's all very striking but um.
Yeah, except for the summer. But yeah, There's a mountain that I'm looking at, it's about seven miles away.
It's called superstition or just the Superstition Mountains. But if you go to Lost Dutchman State Park you only have to hike about one mile and you exit the parking you into the Tanto National Forest. And then a little while later you're actually in what they call wilderness unit. So there's extra restrictions um against what can be done there. And it's just like, wow, one hour hike and you're just in a totally different world,
I
suppose.
You know,
I in my mind, Oregon is just endless.
And
the
endless beauty.
okay. We've been there for a long time.
You
you
were you were still an adult in florida.
Okay. No, I may have a misunderstanding of florida. Uh like what do you have to do to get kicked out of florida? Oh, uh
book.
people aren't trapped there. I
see
it really gets beat up a lot by the late night comics. And I'm not sure why. I think they pull stories of people misbehaving in weird ways more from florida than other states. They can't just be that the heat makes people act.
Yeah, But they were here
what?
All
You like up in the little skinny area under
two?
I,
wondered, I'm like, I know the seniors flock down there, but I'm like, well, we get a lot in Arizona too, but I'm like, and humidity, is it moving
either? You know, I would love all. I'm dying. I mean, it's, it's on my bucket list. Like I want to see new york
replaces. I want to do the keys and I'm sure it's just a whole parade of tourists going up and down the highway and then the regular, the people who live there like, yeah, You know where they go?
I'd be like, I used to live in Minnesota. That'd be like a road trip across Minnesota and south Dakota. Yeah,
okay, wow. Um, forgive me. I'm slightly tired. I just got off well at one I did a three hour coffee zoom Lemonis group, uh phoenix group of humanists. And we used
to meet in person at a cafe And just maybe 20-30 people. Sometimes we
break up the little conversations. Then the virus came, we all got on zoom and it started out just chaos because nobody knew how to work all the different devices and different operating systems. But we finally got up to where we were having such good conversations that are like um we got a moderator and then you have to use the hands up to and stuff to respond to people and it's like it's tiring. But how is your day, Ben?
tell me about it. I I hadn't heard of them before. I stumbled into them because I was hiking with meet up people and one of the groups that does regular hikes is the atheist group. And I went with them a couple of times and
then they told me about humanism and it turns out there's uh Hs. G. P. The humanist society of greater phoenix. It's can't really be a add, well they can advocate but they can't be political. There are five oh one C. Or something so they can endorse candidates. But but it's like a place where we
used to go to the community center and have meetings every two weeks we bring in a speaker. Um Some you know professor somebody someone who had real deep knowledge about something about 100 people would show up and we you know learn about something socialized and then we do a lot of different now it's all gone online, we still do that but we do groups like Philosophy night, Geography night um Philosophy under the influence, alcohol is encouraged. Uh
Yeah and then the thursday's
used to be blowing off steam or just being silly or but lately there's so much going on. So today we had a couple people in medical fields who were giving us more covid info, a couple who have one teacher and uh a mother who's really freaking out about what she's gonna do with her kids because everything is in the air in Arizona and about what schools opening when and everything. And so we talk about those issues and then a lot about today, it was a lot about equality. We had a study group for five weeks in a row that just ended to stay called how to be anti racist for white people. And and I was like, oh you know you think I'm like I I think I'm a pretty good person, I don't go around saying things, I don't judge people, you know, you have your first biases and stuff, but then what I say, what I act on how I treat people. I run it all through the interpreter and I tried to be nice, but then you learn all about certain microaggressions and advantages white people have, that maybe we never even knew we had. And I'm like, wow, that was very eye opening.
So
so the humanist like they try to just promote people leading ethical, meaningful lives of self fulfillment without any promise of a reward in an afterlife or any threat of a punishment.
Some of a lot of atheists. But there's program director is a buddhist,
you know, that's not quite a religion, but it's um, you know, we have people all over the spectrum just sometimes we lean a little more left. So one day we did a special enquiring minds study group for 2.5 hours on conservatism, we couldn't find anyone who was really a conservative to give us their points. Uh huh.
I know so
well Yeah, I've talked to a couple of younger
people so far, 300 people. Are you are you in school or are you?
Yeah.
And that four year degree. Yeah.
no I would I would say that
four years might be a bit much for what I have in mind, but I think that our schools really fail us and you know in high school and stuff, you know you got all these little curricula, you've got to learn the basic chemistry, physics, math english, some some schools still teach you how to scribble, write cursive but um but how about critical thinking skills, understanding how the human mind works to me, that should almost be something everyone has to learn, you know, more coursework before. Maybe you do it on your own. I don't know what this would look like, but To me, you shouldn't be considered an adult and have full privileges until you're maybe 25 and you've got a lot more learning stacked up. I know that's asking a lot for everyone to do, but.
I want, I want to be more aware of, you know, they don't all have to, I don't I'm not asking people to give up their different religions and beliefs and such, but I would love just to see them, everyone have the ability to yeah, uh to think about things, to look at arguments, to look at information that comes their way and to decide whether or not a source is trustworthy. Because I've been I've even been bristling lately just seen when I go to google news, you know, aggregator, I'll see some of the headlines and I'm like, well that's quick bait. And I look down and see it's like the L. A. Los Angeles Times or the new york times and I'm like, whoa, did they fire the editorial staff? You know, it looks like Clickbait and I'll open an article and it's like, yeah, it didn't fit with what the headline launched. And so then you get that erosion and then you get all these kind of fake news places, you know, And I don't like, I I'd be lost if I was my 18 year old self today trying to sort out what's real. You know, if I had friends who wanted to go to Sturgis, I would have probably just gone without a mask and like they're, I think they're still there Something like 250,000 people and I like there could be so many people getting sick. But
Tell me about it. So you work in the area.
You
know
that
was
that was
really, I mean it still is now. It turns out we've learned a little more about what the effect of masks are like and, and I, and a lot of the ones out there aren't necessarily that great.
I don't want.
No.
Right, right. I have a friend, she likes the pretty ones. And early
I like tried giving her a white three unmask, you know, a construction one of 95 don't get them anymore. But she's like, she wanted to just wear a handkerchief instead. And we went, this was before,
right, early March. We went to the store in some nice lady who had made mass gave her a better one. It was pretty. So she wore that and I was like, okay, that's good,
No,
no,
no.
I don't
know.
I mean I'm with you there. Yeah, I'm starting to think about either getting a shell that goes over the, I still have some of the dust masks. Either that or to switch over because I'm not so many people are wearing the plane light ones anymore in and I I know I don't go out a lot, but I do pick up things. I have an elder friend who can't see well, so I take her around her appointments and stuff. So we're always wearing the masks. People
is your area like conservative or I mean are people complying wearing masks? I mean you go out and
no.
understand.
That's yeah, that's the thing. I I have one person who I am in a pod with, that's my older friend and I'm like, tell everyone, I'm sorry, I can't hang around with you without a mask because uh I got to protect her. Mhm And then that protects me to uh um so is it a small town you're in? I'm sorry, I just love hearing about different places and I never heard of
them.
so s
it's beautiful,
Oh, you could almost be like a local board if you wanted,
But
we
love that in phoenix, but just during certain times of years, you know, in the summer, it's like we've got to bring it in from other states or Mexico or whatever, if, you know, if we want a fresh salad and stuff and then when the wintertime comes, California kind of shuts down a little and then southern Arizona takes over for the salad, but it's the big stuff for like the whole country instead of just Yeah, and then my farmer's market. So yeah, I'm sorry, I would just love to be a local war. I think that's important in fighting climate change and making the world's healthier and in our bodies in the economy, I think, yeah, get pay people to raise food and uh Farah rate instead of the cheapest rate possible.
We were talking today about the frustrations about getting
changed, like someone was saying she was maybe in her seventies, she she came here from Mozambique, been in the United States several decades and she's like, it's been two parties this whole time. She was, she's depressed, she's like yeah, bike will get in hopefully and things will change somewhat, she says, but we still need a whole new structure government and sort of just swapping between parties every few years. But how do you do it?
And it's like,
I'm hoping we all figured something out. I have some friends who think that we're on the path towards revolution if things don't get better and some of them are like we want jobs back and I'm more like how about you be, I maybe we don't base our value on what we do for a living, but we do the basic income in every human has an intrinsic value just in being alive. So we give them the tools to stay alive, like a food and a roof. And some of my humanist friends are like the ones who have worked hard their whole lives are older, they made money and they're like, I don't know, but others are very much for like. Andrew yang. You heard? Okay. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I think that's the problem with capitalism is turned into this game where Like right now it's either two or 3 people own half of the wealth, you know, it's Bezos and whoever is duking it out and I'm thinking wow, if one of them shoots up, you know? Um there can only be one, it's like highlander old show um and then what the world ends once one person gets all the money. Yeah.
Yeah.
through right. Yeah. I keep waiting for trump to just pull some files out of some secret stash and start sharing them that he hasn't really done that. I thought we were going to get the truth on aliens if there is the truth. But oh we got with a few files released from the Department of the Navy. There are all Ufo footage, but it's like whatever.
Yeah, that's it. Yeah. I have a hard time. I'm typically in an optimist and I really am hopeful. But some uh some of my friends are a little more dollars because they were like once who were around in the sixties and were protesting um you know there were what? Race riots, it was loving, there was anti Vietnam, all this stuff they grew up and they thought were going to make change. The world will soon be different. And now some of them are really hard to cheer up. They've been waiting a long time. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm starting to wonder if some days how can we just do a, I'm
not
happy with the Bitcoin thing, how it works and pollutes and stuff heats up electricity. Well if we could just do an end run around the government and start living our lives, you know, our own barter systems, our own ways of living and then we just pay our ties to the federal cities in the state. But go about living our own lives and eventually the government's just become less and less meaningful. But of course that means we have to take on everything, you know, take on health care ourselves, take on.
Remember. Yes,
how how old you are?
You're
thinking dog here. So
we find
that
place
then
what?
I was surprised when he said he spent 30 years. I thought you were way longer.
I have one friend are buddhist celebrant, the humanist society, he's got
no hair. No it just it left him early And I was just I just recently learned that he's only like a year, I think he's like 55 and I was like what? So thought you were maybe 40 at most.
also
you don't have to do the haircut thing
wrong.
I've been putting the 1" comb on my good evening and then go buzz buzz buzz. You don't have any friends who cut hair and
Yes, the sewing, I mean hand sewing to cooking. Uh huh What is it? I have a friend who's been posting a lot of pictures of not just sour dough but lots of things she's baking and and I'm only jealous because I can't go steal them off her windows soul unless I'm wearing a mask and
then
Uh huh Oh man, I just noticed the time, I'm sorry. I hope I hope you didn't have something to do. And I was sitting here gathering and keeping you. Uh huh.
Okay, well, since we probably won't bump into each other again here, I wish you a good life.
Thank you. It's nice to meet you