SPEAKER_R: Oh I finally have someone
SPEAKER_L: Sorry. Hi. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, I tried having a chat last night and the person didn't show up and I thought is this part of the study like how we respond to this or something? So it's good
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: that we have conversation today.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that didn't happen to me, so I don't think that's it, but I don't know. Maybe I'm the control. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, maybe you're one of the R. S. Now. Um
SPEAKER_L: What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I am nick. How about you
SPEAKER_L: Live?
SPEAKER_R: Liz or live?
SPEAKER_L: Live with a V
SPEAKER_R: Okay, let's cool.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am from Illinois like the Chicago suburbs, wow,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: how about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Omaha in Nebraska.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. Are you a University of Nebraska fan?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I mean, I went there. I don't care that much though. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: I oh sorry,
SPEAKER_L: no, you go ahead
SPEAKER_R: I I went to northwestern so I just asked it's it's like a big 10 kind of school and I remember there was this one football game we had in Illinois
SPEAKER_L: and on Lincoln
SPEAKER_R: Whichever which one is in the Big 10.
SPEAKER_L: Lincoln,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I didn't realize there are two.
SPEAKER_L: Your good, Sorry, Sorry. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, they, the Lincoln one, they travel really well. Their fans.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Never
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: been one of those people, but that's okay. Sorry. I left. Do not have a good setup in here. So I'm finally
SPEAKER_R: Where are those paintings in the back,
SPEAKER_L: mhm. Um, there, my, I got my girlfriend's grandma through them like a while ago, so yeah, I did not. I wish we
SPEAKER_R: The thing
SPEAKER_L: couple. Yeah. Do
SPEAKER_R: the thing
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: the thing that's interesting in my background old school phone
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: that doesn't work because this is like an office room. It's uh just my parent's basement. But yeah
SPEAKER_L: that's so funny. I don't think I've seen a phone like that since like my grandparents old house. Right.
SPEAKER_R: my uh my grandma was in a nursing home last year and she had like one of the old school phones where you plug it in and then it just had like big buttons for the numbers. I I feel like she just never owned a cell phone but she she was also like in her nineties.
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, yeah. Whatever works for people I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of like I can see something starting to go buy me like I don't I don't have a tic tac and I never got into like VR type of stuff. So I feel like maybe there'll just be more technology things that I just don't really get into. All
SPEAKER_L: How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am 27.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I have a Tiktok, but I'm 23, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. My, um, I have three younger sisters and I think they all have Tik TAKS and they're like 25, 24, So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not, I like it because you can just like spend literally hours on it. Like, and especially now like I'm, I just started a new job like a month and a half ago, so I've been like training from home and so I don't really have that much to do. So I'm just like on Tiktok all day and
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: more runs out.
SPEAKER_R: when I was in college, my, one of my friends and I, we were really into vine and I feel like I would like that part of tick tock where it's kind of like the funny sketches or whatever. I just, I don't think I would like the, all the dancing and stuff and I don't know, maybe like the lip sinking
SPEAKER_L: it kind of like, I don't know how much you care. So if this is boring, like tell me and I'll stop, but it kind of like learns what you like. And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so if you like a bunch of like funny videos will do more of that. Like I always like, I like a lot of like cat videos, so cat videos show up a lot and then like the more like dancing ones I never really like. So those don't show up quite as much, so it kind of adjust to what you like. So that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That's like youtube. A lot of my entertainment comes from youtube, but I figured out there's this extension for google chrome that just tides like basically every suggested video. But yeah, like before
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I had that, it was always like, oh, let me just go on and then four hours later I'm still
SPEAKER_L: waiting
SPEAKER_R: looking at videos. So, but what's your, what's your new job? Is that like your first job after college or?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, I've been working for like my last job I've had for four years, so um this one it's really hard to explain. So it's in like the mental health field though and it's um like it's kind of like a social worker, but not quite, but it's just helping families, I work for a nonprofit and it's like a voluntary program. And like if their kids are having issues, we kind of like help them that they have to be like diagnosed with a mental illness active.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So are you, are you doing like the data to figure out the diagnosis? Are you doing like home visits or?
SPEAKER_L: so it's really hard to explain and I'm I'm too new I think to be good at explaining it. But so like there's this process called wrap around that we use. And so it's kind of like the whole like idea of it is like the family should be like really involved and they know the kid the best. And so like they should be more involved in professional people Because like, you know, if it's like a 16 year old, your mom has been with you since you were a baby versus like a therapist who's known you for like a couple of months. So it's like, you work with the family and you help them identify like people who are supports to them and then you're, it's kind of like being a facilitator and you help them like create like a plan and like figure out and just kind of help them be accountable and help the kid have like some advocacy to so that they have ownership and it's just more successful that way as opposed to a bunch of old people telling them what to do.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. So what happens when you need a new family and you think the parents are just, I don't know, like they're they're just not doing good parenting, but you can't, it's hard to convince them to be like, oh, actually, your your child would be better with this thing because I, I come from, so the last couple of years I was kind of a long term. So what kind of a pair of professional in a
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: elementary school special needs classroom?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_R: And sometimes sometimes parents would do things that the two special needs teachers in there would just like, not really like, but it was hard to kind of convince them of like, oh actually you should be doing this other thing.
SPEAKER_L: I think it like, mhm. Like, I think it depends if it's something like you have an example, I'm sorry. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know because there were there was uh let me try to thank. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I can't think of one besides, there was this one case where it was like seeing kind of like child abuse and we tried to push it a little bit, but it seems like with child abuse like you you really, as a parent, you really have to mess up before they start doing any sort of charges or anything
SPEAKER_L: Mom.
SPEAKER_R: like that, but I guess it would be like, I guess one example would be okay, so some of the students, they were doing physical therapy because they just, they just didn't do well with like going up or down stairs or something like that. So one hypothetical would be the teacher saying, Hey, uh parents of this child, like make sure you're practicing going up and downstairs with the child. And then maybe they just blow that off and just don't do it or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: So I think, and again, I'm like still pretty new. So um if it's like something where we're like, oh, that's kind of maybe abuse like we call cbs, but if it's something more like that, I think we would like talk with like the kid and the parents and um at least is what I would do but try and figure out like why I'd be like hey like this might be a good idea and if they're not doing it kind of like just really legit like talking through like okay like why aren't you doing it like you think it's a good idea but like something is preventing you from doing it or do you think it's stupid? And if you think it's stupid why? Because you know maybe it's something where we're like well you should be doing it at home but they're like you know maybe they don't have stairs at home or maybe they don't have like their kids won't listen to them and kind of helping like figuring out why they're not doing it and then helping them find solutions or like some alternatives or something like that like because to me I mean like there's not like a wrong way to parent or a right way to parent, but maybe if there's something that will be helpful, then you have to help the parent figure out like why it's not happening or what's a better way to get around it, you know what I mean? So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. I um just because this is more anonymous, but I I've been seeing, Well I started with one psychiatrist when I was 14 and I think like two years ago I'm just with a different one. But I just because I've needed medication for mental health issues, so that is cool, like the whole doing it as
SPEAKER_L: Would be.
SPEAKER_R: team like with the family, because I know early on when I was in high school, I would sometimes go with like my mom or my dad or something like that. But then I kind of went by myself, but it it is nice like everyone's on the same page because I remember a lot of times and this probably is better for like maybe therapist what they're trying to do, like different techniques and you've got to practice at home as opposed to taking some medicine. But it would have been nice because sometimes I feel like I would come home from it and I would just maybe forget like parts of what the psychiatrist said and I'm like, oh, I don't know now, my like parents might not know exactly everything or whatever. So
SPEAKER_L: man, I know, we really try to have, like people are seeing therapists, we always try to have the therapist involved because it is like a really important role to play in someone's life, you know? So I don't know. So you are are you a teacher now or subsequent?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I finished student teaching mid March, I was actually, I'm in a master's program to become a high school science teacher and
SPEAKER_L: How awkward?
SPEAKER_R: My grad school is on trimester, so the student teaching would have ended a week later, March 20, but then here in Illinois, the school's got cancelled after March 13, so I kind of just had a free week and I was applying to A bunch of high school districts like 15 of them starting late February throughout March and then a little bit in May and unfortunately I didn't get accepted anywhere ahead
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: a couple of interviews and at first I was just kind of, I don't know, sad or anxious because I thought that it was kind of a failure. But then I realized, oh there are a lot of things I can do with this time to make myself better because I went into it and I should have done
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: these things a long time ago but I went into it and I was only approved or certified to teach Biology because I was I was student teaching in Biology. I realized though with science as opposed to something like high school english where you just need the high school english endorsement that you can teach any sort of english class with science Biology is like only a little some of the jobs available. There's also like Chemistry and physics. So I'm working on, I'm finishing up a physics class, I'm taking kind of like a Proctor it online, final in a couple of days or like Wednesday next week and then I'm going to take a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: lab and a physics class after that, that's also online and finish that up. And then whenever the local community college opens up again and when I'm done with the physics stuff, I can take the endorsement tests for chemistry and physics to get endorsed in that. And I think just
SPEAKER_L: Five.
SPEAKER_R: having the three endorsements as opposed to the one, especially since Biology is so popular and it seems more competitive than the other ones would really help me because I I learned that through the two interviews, the two interviews, one was from my home town school districts. So it was the first interview I also had. So I was a little nervous. Like are they only doing this because
SPEAKER_L: Just,
SPEAKER_R: This is my hometown. And also because that department chair, he went to northwestern like 20 years ago. So I'm like, hopefully I get more interviews and but the script, the description sometimes it's just like general science teacher. And I got into the interview and he said this is for physics. So at that point, I know that I'm at a disadvantage if anyone has student teaching in physics or if they have a physics endorsement, I'm at probably at a huge disadvantage. And I felt like I really had to do really well to kind of outpace that. And then Like two weeks later I had an interview again, General Science went down the same path because both of them, I had two interviews for each of them. And I learned in the second interview because the first interview was just I was answering interview questions and I was submitting videos through email. So it's kind of like prerecorded stuff. The second one was with the department chair and other teachers and the department chair said this is for chemistry And they both said that later on like next year there will be biology openings or like 2021, and I didn't get accepted there and then I didn't haven't heard from anyone else. So I figured it's unlikely I'll be teaching in the fall. But at least because grad school was expensive, I had moved back to my parents last summer and that helps in terms of it's not like I'm just broke from paying for these grad school classes because I am just keeping like a spreadsheet of just what I owe my parents because they pay for it. And then I just over the money in the future. So it's
SPEAKER_L: What? What?
SPEAKER_R: it's nice having this time also, I would have been substitute teaching again in the spring just throughout the preschool to middle school district. But I think that's, I guess that's like the unfortunate part of this virus is that I miss out on like 10 weeks of pay and then I couldn't really get unemployment claim figured out, like there's kind of an error there. But I like that I have this time to work on these classes and improve my application for maybe applying for like january if people go on maternity or paternity leave or whatever, stuff like that, so yeah, I'm optimistic.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's great. You're like making good use of the time, you know, like I think a lot of people who maybe aren't like aren't really, I'm really lucky that I can be working now, but I think a lot of people are not so lucky and then they also are just kind of not doing a whole lot, which I probably would do. Like I'm not ragging on him or anything, but it's really awesome that you're not. So did you pick biology because you like it? The pest or was it just
SPEAKER_R: Um so back in college I was pre med and that was kind of because my parents were doctors and I saw their happiness, it was kind of ingrained. And also I had a lot of surgeries as a child, like 150 surgeries,
SPEAKER_L: always?
SPEAKER_R: basically I would these like kind of blood lesions would come around my like lower lip and then sometimes inside, so I was just like surrounded by medicine a lot and I thought it was kind of
SPEAKER_L: Important.
SPEAKER_R: like kind of like my path or whatever, it would have been kind of hard to get off that path. And even my parents, they were like, hey, you should try looking into engineering because you're, I was always good at math and that didn't work out. I applied to med schools after college and work out and then I realized with lack of sleep, that would have happened if I got into med school and then residency, that might not be best in terms of my mental health because lack of sleep really hurts me. So I thought, okay, what can I do? That might be a little bit less stressful that I'll still really like. And late senior of college, I was tutoring other college students in physics and I really enjoyed that and then I did a lot of tutoring after college and I like those. And then I I'm finishing on my third year of substitute teaching. The first two years were with the special needs classroom and this past fall I was kind of bouncing around because I couldn't commit, but I overall I just really liked all those teaching things. So I thought, okay, I think teaching makes sense. Plus with high school I'm really into chess and tennis and teaching those playing those. So I think becoming a coach for those eventually is also really great. So
SPEAKER_L: Dude,
SPEAKER_R: that's kind
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of why.
SPEAKER_L: would be
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: so cool. Oh my gosh. Good luck though. High schoolers Suckley like I talked in high school so like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I uh, speaking of Tiktok in high school, there was one class, it was like a special needs class that I student taught for and they would always, they were pretty wild and I, I didn't have like good skills to try to control them, but I read like a book or two after and like, oh, I could have done this, this and this, but they were, they were really into Tiktok and they were doing like the doja cat dance and stuff and like, I don't know, like a bunch of like tic tac things, so it's kind of funny and I just told them like, oh yeah, I used to be on vine and I think some of them might have been on vine. I don't know. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I know, I never like was ever online, but then like after it got shut down, I would watch like find compilations on Youtube so like I got the main point, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. I said they're still around in terms of on Youtube. Actually the one friend who I talked about who was in divine couple of days ago. He, we have a group text among us and he's like, yeah, I signed up for vine or I signed up for tick tock and, but he's like, he's really funny. Like when I was on Snapchat, he was really good in terms of like just kind of like little jokes and then he also played the UKulele. So I'm like, oh dude, you're going to kill it on Tiktok if you post on it, which
SPEAKER_L: Football.
SPEAKER_R: he might. But I think he was saying kind of what I was saying that he would like the skits and stuff there but not the dances. So maybe if I get really bored.
SPEAKER_L: you should. I think like, I feel like everyone always goes through the same progression. Like I know when I got it and then everyone that I've got started on it, like it's always like you like download it ironically kind of and you're like, oh whatever. And then you're like, oh there's like kind of funny and then like a couple months later you're like, oh my God, I can't stop. Like and you just send him home to everybody. Like it's a it's a trap, honestly. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I would be very trapped. Also if some of my favorite designers went to there and some of them probably might be. So, it be I think it's something maybe maybe when I'm done with these upcoming physics classes and I have more time maybe. So we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Did you ever like, I don't know how to Sarah last name. It's like Sarah shower or
SPEAKER_R: It's really funny.
SPEAKER_L: she doesn't want to pack.
SPEAKER_R: D H A U E R Tiktok. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: She didn't.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of lot of the famous finders went to instagram. So I tried to ask my sister's like, did they also branch out to tick tock or do they just stay on instagram? And I wasn't sure. She wasn't sure.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: don't know. But I know she's on that's the only one that I know of. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I know. What do you got going on for your weekend? Are you studying
SPEAKER_R: Every, well,
SPEAKER_L: please?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like during the day I Even when I don't have, so what happened with this classes I signed up for and I started doing it back last June and I had 12 months to do it and I just got busy with like student teaching and stuff. And then I usually I took the for the midterm at the local community college. So then I was kind of waiting until may arrive to see okay, is the college gonna be open? But they're not gonna be open till june. So luckily the professor like a couple of weeks ago said, call this number in case you can't get a proctor exam, so I'm just going to do it on its called adobe, connect some sort of, they can like, I think they're going to record me on webcam and then maybe record my screen or something so that I'm not cheating. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: other than that, every saturday night, my friends and I, I'm closer with my high school friends and my college friends, my college friend group kind of died out because they all moved out east, but a lot of my high school friends stayed around here. So every saturday night we get on either like a zoom or a Microsoft teams or a google hangout. And we played poker because in high school and a little bit in college we played poker like every weekend. So just texas hold'em. It's been really fun. We've found a couple of websites that worked pretty well, but they've received a lot more traffic during the pandemic, so sometimes it's slow, but they've been pretty good lately, so it's nice. And then we just all have like a bunch of Venmo money stockpiles. So it almost feels just like fake money, just like giving it to someone one week and then they give it back the next week kind of thing. So we do that every saturday night tonight. My mom wants to watch a movie, just, I think I like on netflix, which we sometimes do. And then Mother's Days on sunday we were going to do a picnic like at a forest preserve for dinner, but it looks like it's gonna be cold. So
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: my mom wants to play this one board game that we play settlers of Catan sometimes. So we're gonna play that. But I don't know what else we're going to do. But
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: how about you?
SPEAKER_L: all I know. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it'll be good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't know. I know. Tomorrow I'm going to go see my mom and we're just going to hang out for Mother's Day. So um mhm. I mean that's really, I don't know what we're gonna do, honestly. We'll probably end up just playing some games, but we'll do that and then on sunday I probably won't really end up doing much. I'll probably day drink honestly, but no actual plans for the majority of the week, but
SPEAKER_R: So are you for your job, are you just doing like video visits then with the family
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: or how does that work?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're doing like calling and like zoom or whatever kind of whatever they prefer, but we're not going to people's houses just because like our office
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: is closed. So like, I haven't even been to the office yet, like since I started, so since we're not even at the office, we're not going to go to other people's houses because, you know, I want to be safe and whatnot. So um but yeah, I don't know because we asked, in theory, we're supposed to go back to the office like june but they said that they don't know if we'll go to people's houses when that happens because there's still like, I don't know how Illinois has been like in Nebraska, there's still like an increase of cases and our governor just like opened everything back up basically, even though the cases are still increasing because that makes so much sense. Um you know, so we're like, now that everything's open, people are going to be going and going out and spreading all their dreams everywhere. So now I really don't want to go and like, so I don't know what we're gonna do, but for the meantime, yeah, we're not going to see anyone. So it's kind of making things a little more difficult. People are answering their phones as much and missing meetings and not letting us know and it's kind of annoying, but mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Our our governor, Well, he's it's a very Democratic state, so
SPEAKER_L: Is it?
SPEAKER_R: like liberal. So we're very it's like right now More stuff might open June one, but he has this whole like five stage plan of like, okay, we have to we're not increasing it well, we have kind of like the same number of cases each day. So we're just hoping some point this month that they will start to decrease. But it's this whole thing like if you want to get to the next stage you have to like, I don't know. It's like you either test more people or you Trace where people are. And also I think he wants like some sort of decrease over, I don't know, like a 14 or 28 day period. So Right now we're on stage two which is there is some limited stuff like things like gardening places got opened and then golf got open with limitations and a couple other things like regular surgeries that weren't essential but they can do them because the hospitals are at a better capacity and then the next stage would be like, I think just more stores and like haircut places. So We'll see if that happens in June one. But I'm not sure just because I think, I think his goal now is like he wants to try to get, he wants to move it down to like just not that many people each day, which I don't know when that's going to be. And I have heard that it might take like a couple of years for a vaccine, so not sure. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool though. What's, that's really good that your governor is doing that because like we didn't even Nebraska so stupid. Like I hate it, but whatever, but like we didn't even close everything down. Like we never actually had like a stay in place shelter or whatever it's called. Um So he had it like most things were closed down, but like you could still go like to home depot or Target or like you could still go to like most stores, like they close like restaurants and bars and then, okay, I think like last week he opened up restaurants to 50 capacity, like 50% capacity and like hair salons and they're opening bars back up again. And like, I don't think things were even really shut down that long and nothing's nothing's gotten any better and he's opening everything back up. And I'm like, there's, but I also think he has, like, someone said that he has like money invested in. Like we have like a big outlet mall that he has money in and stuff like that. So I think he's just opening it so he can make money. No,
SPEAKER_R: That's unfortunate.
SPEAKER_L: I love that. He's an idiot.
SPEAKER_R: I'm, I'm especially living with my parents. Like I, even when things open up, it's like I'm going to be very cautious and my friends and I right now we have, we do fantasy football for the NFL first off, we don't even know if NFL is going to work out this season. And also every year for like around Labor Day or sometimes before that we go on a trip somewhere in the US. It started like a couple of years ago,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: to draft our teams. So we're just nervous because we're planning on going, going to New Jersey, which is very that new york are like number one and two. So it's looking like like we already paid for the Airbnb, which we can't get a refund on and
SPEAKER_L: You want think they
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: give
SPEAKER_R: flight.
SPEAKER_L: more influence?
SPEAKER_R: So Airbnb, their policy I saw is that It's like you can get a refund if the air baby was before June one. But like after that you just can't so it's kind of kind of stinks. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: see. I'm not sure like if I wanted to go to that, which would be like airplane and then taking a train, it'd probably be something where it has to be like, just not that many cases each day kind of thing. So I don't know. We'll see.
SPEAKER_L: I think, I hope that works out like that would suck dang.
SPEAKER_R: But Yeah, we'll see. It might be a situation where some
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: of the group of 10 of us go and some don't. So we'll see. But yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: don't, I don't agree with opening things up quickly in Nebraska because what was the point of closing things down in the beginning anyways, then you kind of kind of like erases all the progress that limiting stuff would have made. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And Nebraska is just kind of like a dumb state in general. Like it's, you know, we're always like, I think the last ones to do anything mildly smart or progressive or anything. So I mean it tracked, but it still sucks, right. Mhm. Cap.
SPEAKER_R: All right. We've, we've been at the 25 minutes. So
SPEAKER_L: That's right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: anything else you want to say?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. It was nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's nice meeting you live like liv Tyler, I think that's the only live I know there's
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: also,
SPEAKER_L: need to do.
SPEAKER_R: there's also a live, I think it's like a nightclub or something. Might be like in Miami or Vegas or something.
SPEAKER_L: That's what many days Lives lounge in Omaha, but
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: not mine.
SPEAKER_R: You can just tell people that they named
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: it after.
SPEAKER_L: hurt.
SPEAKER_R: It's like, yeah, my grandpa named it after me or something, her grandma. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, it was very nice to meet you and talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You have a good evening and weekend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thanks, you, too.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Bye.