Oh I finally have someone
I'm good, I tried having a chat last night and the person didn't show up and I thought is this part of the study like how we respond to this or something? So it's good
that we have conversation today.
Yeah, maybe you're one of the R. S. Now. Um
I am nick. How about you
Liz or live?
Okay, let's cool.
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
Yeah, I am from Illinois like the Chicago suburbs, wow,
how about you?
Okay, cool. Are you a University of Nebraska fan?
I oh sorry,
I I went to northwestern so I just asked it's it's like a big 10 kind of school and I remember there was this one football game we had in Illinois
Whichever which one is in the Big 10.
Oh, I didn't realize there are two.
But yeah, they, the Lincoln one, they travel really well. Their fans.
I
Where are those paintings in the back,
The thing
the thing
that's
the thing that's interesting in my background old school phone
that doesn't work because this is like an office room. It's uh just my parent's basement. But yeah
my uh my grandma was in a nursing home last year and she had like one of the old school phones where you plug it in and then it just had like big buttons for the numbers. I I feel like she just never owned a cell phone but she she was also like in her nineties.
What?
Yeah, it's kind of like I can see something starting to go buy me like I don't I don't have a tic tac and I never got into like VR type of stuff. So I feel like maybe there'll just be more technology things that I just don't really get into. All
I am 27.
Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. My, um, I have three younger sisters and I think they all have Tik TAKS and they're like 25, 24, So
I,
when I was in college, my, one of my friends and I, we were really into vine and I feel like I would like that part of tick tock where it's kind of like the funny sketches or whatever. I just, I don't think I would like the, all the dancing and stuff and I don't know, maybe like the lip sinking
and
Yeah, That's like youtube. A lot of my entertainment comes from youtube, but I figured out there's this extension for google chrome that just tides like basically every suggested video. But yeah, like before
I had that, it was always like, oh, let me just go on and then four hours later I'm still
looking at videos. So, but what's your, what's your new job? Is that like your first job after college or?
Okay. So are you, are you doing like the data to figure out the diagnosis? Are you doing like home visits or?
that's cool. So what happens when you need a new family and you think the parents are just, I don't know, like they're they're just not doing good parenting, but you can't, it's hard to convince them to be like, oh, actually, your your child would be better with this thing because I, I come from, so the last couple of years I was kind of a long term. So what kind of a pair of professional in a
elementary school special needs classroom?
And sometimes sometimes parents would do things that the two special needs teachers in there would just like, not really like, but it was hard to kind of convince them of like, oh actually you should be doing this other thing.
Um
I don't know because there were there was uh let me try to thank. Mhm.
I can't think of one besides, there was this one case where it was like seeing kind of like child abuse and we tried to push it a little bit, but it seems like with child abuse like you you really, as a parent, you really have to mess up before they start doing any sort of charges or anything
like that, but I guess it would be like, I guess one example would be okay, so some of the students, they were doing physical therapy because they just, they just didn't do well with like going up or down stairs or something like that. So one hypothetical would be the teacher saying, Hey, uh parents of this child, like make sure you're practicing going up and downstairs with the child. And then maybe they just blow that off and just don't do it or something like that.
That's cool. I um just because this is more anonymous, but I I've been seeing, Well I started with one psychiatrist when I was 14 and I think like two years ago I'm just with a different one. But I just because I've needed medication for mental health issues, so that is cool, like the whole doing it as
team like with the family, because I know early on when I was in high school, I would sometimes go with like my mom or my dad or something like that. But then I kind of went by myself, but it it is nice like everyone's on the same page because I remember a lot of times and this probably is better for like maybe therapist what they're trying to do, like different techniques and you've got to practice at home as opposed to taking some medicine. But it would have been nice because sometimes I feel like I would come home from it and I would just maybe forget like parts of what the psychiatrist said and I'm like, oh, I don't know now, my like parents might not know exactly everything or whatever. So
yeah, so I finished student teaching mid March, I was actually, I'm in a master's program to become a high school science teacher and
My grad school is on trimester, so the student teaching would have ended a week later, March 20, but then here in Illinois, the school's got cancelled after March 13, so I kind of just had a free week and I was applying to A bunch of high school districts like 15 of them starting late February throughout March and then a little bit in May and unfortunately I didn't get accepted anywhere ahead
a couple of interviews and at first I was just kind of, I don't know, sad or anxious because I thought that it was kind of a failure. But then I realized, oh there are a lot of things I can do with this time to make myself better because I went into it and I should have done
these things a long time ago but I went into it and I was only approved or certified to teach Biology because I was I was student teaching in Biology. I realized though with science as opposed to something like high school english where you just need the high school english endorsement that you can teach any sort of english class with science Biology is like only a little some of the jobs available. There's also like Chemistry and physics. So I'm working on, I'm finishing up a physics class, I'm taking kind of like a Proctor it online, final in a couple of days or like Wednesday next week and then I'm going to take a
lab and a physics class after that, that's also online and finish that up. And then whenever the local community college opens up again and when I'm done with the physics stuff, I can take the endorsement tests for chemistry and physics to get endorsed in that. And I think just
having the three endorsements as opposed to the one, especially since Biology is so popular and it seems more competitive than the other ones would really help me because I I learned that through the two interviews, the two interviews, one was from my home town school districts. So it was the first interview I also had. So I was a little nervous. Like are they only doing this because
This is my hometown. And also because that department chair, he went to northwestern like 20 years ago. So I'm like, hopefully I get more interviews and but the script, the description sometimes it's just like general science teacher. And I got into the interview and he said this is for physics. So at that point, I know that I'm at a disadvantage if anyone has student teaching in physics or if they have a physics endorsement, I'm at probably at a huge disadvantage. And I felt like I really had to do really well to kind of outpace that. And then Like two weeks later I had an interview again, General Science went down the same path because both of them, I had two interviews for each of them. And I learned in the second interview because the first interview was just I was answering interview questions and I was submitting videos through email. So it's kind of like prerecorded stuff. The second one was with the department chair and other teachers and the department chair said this is for chemistry And they both said that later on like next year there will be biology openings or like 2021, and I didn't get accepted there and then I didn't haven't heard from anyone else. So I figured it's unlikely I'll be teaching in the fall. But at least because grad school was expensive, I had moved back to my parents last summer and that helps in terms of it's not like I'm just broke from paying for these grad school classes because I am just keeping like a spreadsheet of just what I owe my parents because they pay for it. And then I just over the money in the future. So it's
it's nice having this time also, I would have been substitute teaching again in the spring just throughout the preschool to middle school district. But I think that's, I guess that's like the unfortunate part of this virus is that I miss out on like 10 weeks of pay and then I couldn't really get unemployment claim figured out, like there's kind of an error there. But I like that I have this time to work on these classes and improve my application for maybe applying for like january if people go on maternity or paternity leave or whatever, stuff like that, so yeah, I'm optimistic.
Um so back in college I was pre med and that was kind of because my parents were doctors and I saw their happiness, it was kind of ingrained. And also I had a lot of surgeries as a child, like 150 surgeries,
basically I would these like kind of blood lesions would come around my like lower lip and then sometimes inside, so I was just like surrounded by medicine a lot and I thought it was kind of
like kind of like my path or whatever, it would have been kind of hard to get off that path. And even my parents, they were like, hey, you should try looking into engineering because you're, I was always good at math and that didn't work out. I applied to med schools after college and work out and then I realized with lack of sleep, that would have happened if I got into med school and then residency, that might not be best in terms of my mental health because lack of sleep really hurts me. So I thought, okay, what can I do? That might be a little bit less stressful that I'll still really like. And late senior of college, I was tutoring other college students in physics and I really enjoyed that and then I did a lot of tutoring after college and I like those. And then I I'm finishing on my third year of substitute teaching. The first two years were with the special needs classroom and this past fall I was kind of bouncing around because I couldn't commit, but I overall I just really liked all those teaching things. So I thought, okay, I think teaching makes sense. Plus with high school I'm really into chess and tennis and teaching those playing those. So I think becoming a coach for those eventually is also really great. So
that's kind
of why.
Thanks.
I uh, speaking of Tiktok in high school, there was one class, it was like a special needs class that I student taught for and they would always, they were pretty wild and I, I didn't have like good skills to try to control them, but I read like a book or two after and like, oh, I could have done this, this and this, but they were, they were really into Tiktok and they were doing like the doja cat dance and stuff and like, I don't know, like a bunch of like tic tac things, so it's kind of funny and I just told them like, oh yeah, I used to be on vine and I think some of them might have been on vine. I don't know. So
Yeah. Yes. I said they're still around in terms of on Youtube. Actually the one friend who I talked about who was in divine couple of days ago. He, we have a group text among us and he's like, yeah, I signed up for vine or I signed up for tick tock and, but he's like, he's really funny. Like when I was on Snapchat, he was really good in terms of like just kind of like little jokes and then he also played the UKulele. So I'm like, oh dude, you're going to kill it on Tiktok if you post on it, which
he might. But I think he was saying kind of what I was saying that he would like the skits and stuff there but not the dances. So maybe if I get really bored.
I would be very trapped. Also if some of my favorite designers went to there and some of them probably might be. So, it be I think it's something maybe maybe when I'm done with these upcoming physics classes and I have more time maybe. So we'll see.
It's really funny.
D H A U E R Tiktok. Okay. Yeah.
A lot of lot of the famous finders went to instagram. So I tried to ask my sister's like, did they also branch out to tick tock or do they just stay on instagram? And I wasn't sure. She wasn't sure.
But
All right.
Mhm.
Every, well,
yeah, like during the day I Even when I don't have, so what happened with this classes I signed up for and I started doing it back last June and I had 12 months to do it and I just got busy with like student teaching and stuff. And then I usually I took the for the midterm at the local community college. So then I was kind of waiting until may arrive to see okay, is the college gonna be open? But they're not gonna be open till june. So luckily the professor like a couple of weeks ago said, call this number in case you can't get a proctor exam, so I'm just going to do it on its called adobe, connect some sort of, they can like, I think they're going to record me on webcam and then maybe record my screen or something so that I'm not cheating. But yeah,
other than that, every saturday night, my friends and I, I'm closer with my high school friends and my college friends, my college friend group kind of died out because they all moved out east, but a lot of my high school friends stayed around here. So every saturday night we get on either like a zoom or a Microsoft teams or a google hangout. And we played poker because in high school and a little bit in college we played poker like every weekend. So just texas hold'em. It's been really fun. We've found a couple of websites that worked pretty well, but they've received a lot more traffic during the pandemic, so sometimes it's slow, but they've been pretty good lately, so it's nice. And then we just all have like a bunch of Venmo money stockpiles. So it almost feels just like fake money, just like giving it to someone one week and then they give it back the next week kind of thing. So we do that every saturday night tonight. My mom wants to watch a movie, just, I think I like on netflix, which we sometimes do. And then Mother's Days on sunday we were going to do a picnic like at a forest preserve for dinner, but it looks like it's gonna be cold. So
my mom wants to play this one board game that we play settlers of Catan sometimes. So we're gonna play that. But I don't know what else we're going to do. But
how about you?
Yeah, it'll be good.
So are you for your job, are you just doing like video visits then with the family
or how does that work?
And
Yeah. Our our governor, Well, he's it's a very Democratic state, so
like liberal. So we're very it's like right now More stuff might open June one, but he has this whole like five stage plan of like, okay, we have to we're not increasing it well, we have kind of like the same number of cases each day. So we're just hoping some point this month that they will start to decrease. But it's this whole thing like if you want to get to the next stage you have to like, I don't know. It's like you either test more people or you Trace where people are. And also I think he wants like some sort of decrease over, I don't know, like a 14 or 28 day period. So Right now we're on stage two which is there is some limited stuff like things like gardening places got opened and then golf got open with limitations and a couple other things like regular surgeries that weren't essential but they can do them because the hospitals are at a better capacity and then the next stage would be like, I think just more stores and like haircut places. So We'll see if that happens in June one. But I'm not sure just because I think, I think his goal now is like he wants to try to get, he wants to move it down to like just not that many people each day, which I don't know when that's going to be. And I have heard that it might take like a couple of years for a vaccine, so not sure. Um Yeah.
That's unfortunate.
I'm, I'm especially living with my parents. Like I, even when things open up, it's like I'm going to be very cautious and my friends and I right now we have, we do fantasy football for the NFL first off, we don't even know if NFL is going to work out this season. And also every year for like around Labor Day or sometimes before that we go on a trip somewhere in the US. It started like a couple of years ago,
so
to draft our teams. So we're just nervous because we're planning on going, going to New Jersey, which is very that new york are like number one and two. So it's looking like like we already paid for the Airbnb, which we can't get a refund on and
the
flight.
So Airbnb, their policy I saw is that It's like you can get a refund if the air baby was before June one. But like after that you just can't so it's kind of kind of stinks. So yeah,
we'll
see. I'm not sure like if I wanted to go to that, which would be like airplane and then taking a train, it'd probably be something where it has to be like, just not that many cases each day kind of thing. So I don't know. We'll see.
But Yeah, we'll see. It might be a situation where some
of the group of 10 of us go and some don't. So we'll see. But yeah, I
don't, I don't agree with opening things up quickly in Nebraska because what was the point of closing things down in the beginning anyways, then you kind of kind of like erases all the progress that limiting stuff would have made. Yeah.
All right. We've, we've been at the 25 minutes. So
anything else you want to say?
Yeah, it's nice meeting you live like liv Tyler, I think that's the only live I know there's
also,
there's also a live, I think it's like a nightclub or something. Might be like in Miami or Vegas or something.
That's cool.
You can just tell people that they named
it after.
It's like, yeah, my grandpa named it after me or something, her grandma. Uh huh.
Yeah. It's nice meeting you.
Yeah. Thanks, you, too.