Sorry. Hi. How are you?
I,
yeah, that didn't happen to me, so I don't think that's it, but I don't know. Maybe I'm the control. Mhm
What's your name?
Live?
Live with a V
nice to meet you.
Mhm. Where are you from?
Well,
I'm from Omaha in Nebraska.
Um, I mean, I went there. I don't care that much though. Uh,
no, you go ahead
and on Lincoln
Lincoln,
Your good, Sorry, Sorry. Okay.
mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Never
been one of those people, but that's okay. Sorry. I left. Do not have a good setup in here. So I'm finally
mhm. Um, there, my, I got my girlfriend's grandma through them like a while ago, so yeah, I did not. I wish we
couple. Yeah. Do
you?
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Whoa.
that's so funny. I don't think I've seen a phone like that since like my grandparents old house. Right.
I mean,
you know, yeah. Whatever works for people I guess.
How old are you?
Okay. I have a Tiktok, but I'm 23, so
Yeah, it's not, I like it because you can just like spend literally hours on it. Like, and especially now like I'm, I just started a new job like a month and a half ago, so I've been like training from home and so I don't really have that much to do. So I'm just like on Tiktok all day and
more runs out.
it kind of like, I don't know how much you care. So if this is boring, like tell me and I'll stop, but it kind of like learns what you like. And
so if you like a bunch of like funny videos will do more of that. Like I always like, I like a lot of like cat videos, so cat videos show up a lot and then like the more like dancing ones I never really like. So those don't show up quite as much, so it kind of adjust to what you like. So that's nice.
Well,
waiting
Um Yeah, I've been working for like my last job I've had for four years, so um this one it's really hard to explain. So it's in like the mental health field though and it's um like it's kind of like a social worker, but not quite, but it's just helping families, I work for a nonprofit and it's like a voluntary program. And like if their kids are having issues, we kind of like help them that they have to be like diagnosed with a mental illness active.
so it's really hard to explain and I'm I'm too new I think to be good at explaining it. But so like there's this process called wrap around that we use. And so it's kind of like the whole like idea of it is like the family should be like really involved and they know the kid the best. And so like they should be more involved in professional people Because like, you know, if it's like a 16 year old, your mom has been with you since you were a baby versus like a therapist who's known you for like a couple of months. So it's like, you work with the family and you help them identify like people who are supports to them and then you're, it's kind of like being a facilitator and you help them like create like a plan and like figure out and just kind of help them be accountable and help the kid have like some advocacy to so that they have ownership and it's just more successful that way as opposed to a bunch of old people telling them what to do.
Mhm.
Oh, that's
I think it like, mhm. Like, I think it depends if it's something like you have an example, I'm sorry. Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm,
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Mom.
So I think, and again, I'm like still pretty new. So um if it's like something where we're like, oh, that's kind of maybe abuse like we call cbs, but if it's something more like that, I think we would like talk with like the kid and the parents and um at least is what I would do but try and figure out like why I'd be like hey like this might be a good idea and if they're not doing it kind of like just really legit like talking through like okay like why aren't you doing it like you think it's a good idea but like something is preventing you from doing it or do you think it's stupid? And if you think it's stupid why? Because you know maybe it's something where we're like well you should be doing it at home but they're like you know maybe they don't have stairs at home or maybe they don't have like their kids won't listen to them and kind of helping like figuring out why they're not doing it and then helping them find solutions or like some alternatives or something like that like because to me I mean like there's not like a wrong way to parent or a right way to parent, but maybe if there's something that will be helpful, then you have to help the parent figure out like why it's not happening or what's a better way to get around it, you know what I mean? So. Mhm.
Would be.
man, I know, we really try to have, like people are seeing therapists, we always try to have the therapist involved because it is like a really important role to play in someone's life, you know? So I don't know. So you are are you a teacher now or subsequent?
How awkward?
Well.
What?
Yeah.
Five.
Just,
What? What?
That's awesome. That's great. You're like making good use of the time, you know, like I think a lot of people who maybe aren't like aren't really, I'm really lucky that I can be working now, but I think a lot of people are not so lucky and then they also are just kind of not doing a whole lot, which I probably would do. Like I'm not ragging on him or anything, but it's really awesome that you're not. So did you pick biology because you like it? The pest or was it just
always?
Important.
Dude,
I
would be
so cool. Oh my gosh. Good luck though. High schoolers Suckley like I talked in high school so like yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I know, I never like was ever online, but then like after it got shut down, I would watch like find compilations on Youtube so like I got the main point, you know?
Football.
you should. I think like, I feel like everyone always goes through the same progression. Like I know when I got it and then everyone that I've got started on it, like it's always like you like download it ironically kind of and you're like, oh whatever. And then you're like, oh there's like kind of funny and then like a couple months later you're like, oh my God, I can't stop. Like and you just send him home to everybody. Like it's a it's a trap, honestly. Mhm.
Did you ever like, I don't know how to Sarah last name. It's like Sarah shower or
she doesn't want to pack.
She didn't.
I
don't know. But I know she's on that's the only one that I know of. Mhm
Yeah,
I know. What do you got going on for your weekend? Are you studying
please?
Yeah.
Well,
that's
all I know. Um
yeah, I don't know. I know. Tomorrow I'm going to go see my mom and we're just going to hang out for Mother's Day. So um mhm. I mean that's really, I don't know what we're gonna do, honestly. We'll probably end up just playing some games, but we'll do that and then on sunday I probably won't really end up doing much. I'll probably day drink honestly, but no actual plans for the majority of the week, but
and
Yeah, we're doing like calling and like zoom or whatever kind of whatever they prefer, but we're not going to people's houses just because like our office
is closed. So like, I haven't even been to the office yet, like since I started, so since we're not even at the office, we're not going to go to other people's houses because, you know, I want to be safe and whatnot. So um but yeah, I don't know because we asked, in theory, we're supposed to go back to the office like june but they said that they don't know if we'll go to people's houses when that happens because there's still like, I don't know how Illinois has been like in Nebraska, there's still like an increase of cases and our governor just like opened everything back up basically, even though the cases are still increasing because that makes so much sense. Um you know, so we're like, now that everything's open, people are going to be going and going out and spreading all their dreams everywhere. So now I really don't want to go and like, so I don't know what we're gonna do, but for the meantime, yeah, we're not going to see anyone. So it's kind of making things a little more difficult. People are answering their phones as much and missing meetings and not letting us know and it's kind of annoying, but mhm.
Is it?
That's cool though. What's, that's really good that your governor is doing that because like we didn't even Nebraska so stupid. Like I hate it, but whatever, but like we didn't even close everything down. Like we never actually had like a stay in place shelter or whatever it's called. Um So he had it like most things were closed down, but like you could still go like to home depot or Target or like you could still go to like most stores, like they close like restaurants and bars and then, okay, I think like last week he opened up restaurants to 50 capacity, like 50% capacity and like hair salons and they're opening bars back up again. And like, I don't think things were even really shut down that long and nothing's nothing's gotten any better and he's opening everything back up. And I'm like, there's, but I also think he has, like, someone said that he has like money invested in. Like we have like a big outlet mall that he has money in and stuff like that. So I think he's just opening it so he can make money. No,
I love that. He's an idiot.
No
problem.
You want think they
give
more influence?
it's
like,
I think, I hope that works out like that would suck dang.
No.
Mhm.
And Nebraska is just kind of like a dumb state in general. Like it's, you know, we're always like, I think the last ones to do anything mildly smart or progressive or anything. So I mean it tracked, but it still sucks, right. Mhm. Cap.
That's right. Yeah.
I don't think so. It was nice to talk to you.
don't
need to do.
That's what many days Lives lounge in Omaha, but
not mine.
Not
hurt.
Well, yeah, it was very nice to meet you and talk to you.
Yeah. You have a good evening and weekend.
All right. Bye.