Hello?
Hi. Sorry. I'm just, I forgot I've got my microphone covered. Here we are. I'm Marie, what's your name?
Uh Nice to meet you.
I'm
not
too bad. Sorry?
Oh, not too bad. Yeah. Just starting. Well, I got up about 7:00 and went for a long walk before it got too hot. Yeah,
I'm in Texas in the northeast part near Dallas about 45. But in the country completely country. What about you?
wow. Okay. So you're really far
far.
Yeah, but really far from me. Yeah. So you're in Washington? You said Vancouver?
Well. Oh
right, okay. I didn't know there was a Vancouver Washington.
Oh, interesting. Okay. And what's it like there? Because we hear a lot about Portland, you know with the protests at the moment.
Um, I think it's dying down a bit now, but it's been all over the United States. Like I've seen footage in Dallas, but I never go into, I don't think I've been in the city since the coronavirus
started, You know, I just stay here.
what's her name?
Oh, nice. Like the song. Yeah.
Yeah, similar. You know, we're pretty healthy too and pretty confident that if we did get it, you know, we would get over it.
Um, so not, not really afraid in that way. Just that, I don't know, the cities seem to be more, I think we just prefer to stay where we are. You know, it's more relaxed out here.
Yeah. You work from home? Yeah. Me
too.
Oh, you did.
Gosh.
Yeah, I bet. I bet. So. Are you, is, is Vancouver a big city or what, what's it like?
Yeah. It's a bit like
Dallas Fort Worth, you know those two cities are together but they're very different. Yeah and what about the difference between where you are now and Minnesota? Is it very different? Yeah.
Do you move in west? Right.
No.
my goodness.
And where and where are you from?
Okay, so you're used to Venezuela never gets cold, does it? It always stays
warm.
but
but
not
too hot. Right? Not too hot, it's nice.
Oh that's great. Yeah so you made the right choice? Uh huh
You were considering moving there? Yeah.
Health.
Yeah
but it's very hot and very humid and they have really, yeah and they have really extreme weather, like they're always getting flooded. I think you made the right choice not to go to Houston. Austin would be better. But um yeah Austin Austin is probably the nicest city if you're going to go to a city in Dallas or in texas. Sorry?
It's cool. That's the cool part of texas you know with all the music and everything. Yeah.
I don't know if you hear my accent. I'm not from texas,
can
you
tell?
huh. Yeah. Yeah. England Ireland. Yeah. Yeah. And I used to live in Spain um I left there I met my husband there are kids were born there and we moved here almost five years ago. So
Well I lived in three places. I lived in Madrid and a little village in the Pyrenees called Panty Costa in Aragon and then also Valencia. What about you?
Oh so just after me, we left in 2000 No sorry we left in 2015. What am I thinking?
Yeah, it's beautiful isn't it?
Yeah. And um your husband, is he from Venezuela or
where is he
from?
Mhm.
He's from texas. That's why we came here. Yeah,
he's come home. Yeah. Uh huh.
We both taught english and still do we teach english online now In fact I speak to spain every day so I stay there you know remotely
well not too early. I speak to them in the afternoon um From the afternoon of the evening. Yeah. Um Yeah but but they have to they have to stop because they have to go to bed around
3:00 I think is the latest class, the latest that I've ended. Yeah.
Two,
Well Ryan is 10. He just turned 10 last week and Ellie is eight. No, they're not here. I
thought they might have been behind me.
Oh yeah, you have a little girl, you said she's too,
and where is she now?
what language do you speak with her?
Oh yeah, okay. So she, is she is she speaking she's too, does she speak a lot?
Yeah,
Uh huh.
Excuse
me.
so
you speak spanish and she, and he speaks english to her? Okay.
okay, but that's great for her, isn't it? Like she's bilingual from the beginning, That's brilliant.
yeah, because they have double, I mean they've got double the words so it might be, I have heard that it can be a little bit slower, but they're taking it all in. Right?
Yeah, I don't even remember how old my kids were when they were talking. I know that um you know it's funny because now she's too when in a few years when you look at the videos of her you'll understand what she was saying. Do you know what I mean? It's like she was trying to speak and you didn't really understand but now you know how she talks and you'll look back and you go oh that's what she was saying.
They're not I'm afraid no when we left spain my daughter was three and my son was five and as we're both english speakers, you know we speak spanish but in the home we were normally speaking english
and then you know outside they would speak spanish and we had an extra neighbor who was brilliant, he used to call himself the the neighbor granddad and he would come over and speak to them and he talked all the time so they really you know they got it and now they have some but they're not fluent at all but they can pronounce correctly and they do understand more or less what we're saying so but we need to make more of an effort because it's awful. You know I had a friend in Madrid who she had been born in Madrid and we were at the time you know we were both in our twenties and she lost her phone and she had to go to the police station and they were looking at her I. D. And it said born in Madrid and they were going to her why don't you speak perfect spanish if you were born here And she was really embarrassed So I always tell my kids that you know that will happen to you. Keep it up, keep it up.
Yeah.
we do yeah we encounter a lot of spanish speakers but normally what happens is you know it will be in a shop or in a restaurant or something and when you speak english to them they immediately speak oh sorry when you speak spanish to them they immediately speak english
because they look at yeah. Yeah so sometimes my husband's really funny you know and he'll go in and he'll say in spanish look we don't speak english so you have to speak to us in spanish and then they laugh because they know that of course we can. But yeah.
Yeah I do. Um it's been very different because we came from a city and now suddenly we're in the middle of nowhere. Not exactly you know 10:15 minutes and we're in a small city of 27,000. But it's you know night and day. I really miss when I lived in in valencia I used to walk everywhere and everything was walking distance you know all the shops and everything and now I have to drive but
I'm really
that's
true.
So it's the same where you are. Yeah.
and good coffee everywhere you know here it's not very good.
Oh very good.
Well
well I was born in Liverpool Mercy Science but my mom and dad are both from Ireland and my sisters were born in Ireland just before and they moved to England just before I was born. Um Yeah so I normally say I'm Irish but I sound more English. So um
then yeah we left Liverpool when I was 10 and moved to Northern Ireland near Belfast.
that's where I went to secondary school and university and then moved to Madrid at 23. So I've moved around a lot a bit of a gypsy.
Yes I can
see.
it's
black.
Well.
and as you have you taken your daughter to Venezuela to visit?
Not
yet.
okay.
I
know.
Yeah.
and does she have jewel citizenship or just american? Did
you get her then
now?
it's not
necessary. Yeah.
so she'll have european and american that's great she's got options it's like my kids too. Yeah you
know.
it's
a lot cheaper. Yeah definitely.
Yeah in spain you know it doesn't go by birth it's not like America you're born here and you're american. When my kids were born in spain they're not spanish there, they have to take the citizenship of the parents. So
they um I had british at that point because in northern Ireland well in Ireland and northern Ireland you can have either and so I got british and then the kids have got british and then when we decided to move here we got them american. And then I just recently applied for irish so now I'm an irish citizen because of Brexit and we thought well if we ever want to go back to spain it will be easier. You know if I have european eu and so then the kids are getting
irish so
yeah we've got loads of
passport.
Brighton talkie not bright and no.
Four month. Okay. Yeah.
Oh I thought bridie Britain was the same as America.
No.
I did not know that. I thought I I don't know I just presumed it would be the same as the U. S. Interest
in.
Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah.
Um No I'm just kind of waiting to see what happens with all this you know? I don't know what's going to happen. It's very strange times right now. Yeah.
Right.
How long have you had your green card?
Well yeah
I think it's three years of being a resident and being married. Yeah because we were already married that long before I came here. You know we,
Get it done now. Yeah
I understand.
Yeah. No we um our kids passports were expired and we thought oh my God you know what if we do need to leave But we managed to get them new U. S. Passports in a month. We were really surprised when we applied. They said it's probably going to be january but then they came last week so yes and we all have an an active passport so that's good at least.
I
know.
Yeah. I know it's
very strange times.
Well listen I think it's the
time. Yeah.
Yes you too anna you said right. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
lovely
to meet you.
Yeah I enjoyed it a lot.
It did. Exactly.
Thank you the same to you. Diana
taker bye bye.