Mhm Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Bye. Uh huh Uh huh wow, wow. Uh huh Oh. Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh Oh
good.
anna
my submission to how are you? It's
going
today.
How is going your day?
wow! Where
I am in Vancouver Washington?
I know that far,
I don't know how far the south side of Washington.
Vancouver Washington,
is next to Portland.
Yes, Yes, actually the two cities are like came together. Uh the Columbia River divides like Portland in the south and Vancouver in the so many people come to Portland and think that the whole thing is Portland. But no, there is like Vancouver and Portland
to be honest with you in Vancouver like when everything is start, people going out and also to all protests, but right now here in Vancouver there is not much going on, everything is happening more in Portland and I think people here are going to pour le Oh yeah, I mean it's very sad. Yeah. Everything happened kind of in the evening nine times. Longhorn
quiet.
Um Me too. I have a two years powder so
drug saying
Uh yes. I you know like cheese leader, I don't really want to you know make a risk. I feel that the buyers like kind of at some point everyone will have in a way or another. Um So farming, we are really my husband, my daughter and I are really healthy like we take precautions about it but we are the kind of people that we feel that we are not going to stop on life because of that you know so but like if I'm not going to like be clad like around a lot of people like we really like going out part, we do like hiking and all this stuff but I get the part that we see that there's too many people. We prefer like you know just don't go like don't stay. So however I will.
I'm wrong.
Yeah. Actually I feel that it's more than anything is respect to others because we don't I mean like it's like I said you can have the virus and you don't know you see a person who may be high religious. You know, it's it's really bad for the other person. So for the reason I prefer like this that I I am working until I am right now in my office. I
Yeah,
I am working from home and everything. But like yeah, actually we moved during the pandemic because we were
yeah we were living in Minnesota has. So yeah we moved here in april the book.
You know we had a decision, we may go the plans the Panda mean star. And we were like, I mean let's do it like we can I mean we already saw the house, we are ready uh or to align or resignation letter to our our job. Like what we're gonna do if we stay here, we won't have house where to live, we won't have jobs. My husband has a job here waiting for him. So it was an interesting movie I will say with
I would say it's like between me young and a small city. Portland of course a lot bigger. Mm Yeah, but I mean between Orlando Vancouver I see the population is about a little over a million and a half. So, but like you when I moved here I realized that you have life in Vancouver and Portland. You know like you are between both cities
now,
Before that we were living in Chicago and my husband got a job in Minnesota.
Okay. Yeah. So I was in Chicago with the winter is hard
but it's a big city you know, so you have a lot of things to do a lot. You yeah, maybe you feel like all this cold, you could go stuff in Minnesota. I didn't feel that I really didn't like him much. I mean with all the respect like it's beautiful over there. There are beautiful natural outside. But for me the weather was too much. I mean we were inside for like a month. Mm
I know uh in their person I need to go out. I need to do you know? Um so for that reason I for with my husband like I mean no this is not making me happy. I feel depressed all the time being inside. I saw a letter of people. Pretty much so
Venezuela.
call
it. It's always call. Yeah. So
I am
just
enough.
I've been in my city was not that was like a good between 70° all year. True. Which is really nice because you know you can go in the afternoon. I can go like 60. Oh sorry boo. Yes, me a I was like you say like it's really hard switching from Yeah. Coldplay's were extremely cold play. Yeah. Beautiful. To be honest with you like it's all green or lecture the river, the hiking like we are doing like a lot of outside of a lot a lot.
I I have actually one of the city what we saw was Houston and ousting in the data.
my husband working in health so Houston is big. We
hope have helped. You don't have big hospitals and all this is uh
Yeah.
Yeah I'm telling my brother is moving to ousting a month. Yeah.
he had been going to to I was still like for the last couple of years tongue of time. He loved there, he had friends there. Um Yeah he moved, he's moving in with ours too. Mm
I
feel
that
I sit there I guess. Are you from income?
where you're spending? I used to live in Spain too. The problem.
I was living in Madrid I lived there for about two years between 2011,
Oh yeah so I was doing their NBA program. I just love Spain like is on I have to say it's not for me it's not country where I want to live in this age. I always say to my husband, I would like to go through retirement in Spain.
Beautiful. I love it. Like the food is one of the things that I need small. They argue
no
it's
not here. You're from Chicago. Yeah
so we are a mixed couple you know like your husband is from India is from Spain.
Nice.
Yeah. That's great what he was doing over Spain.
But you have to you have really early days if you will speak with the falling in Spain.
I will come in.
Yeah that's a great. How many kids do you have?
Who now all are they?
However
that different against the mine mine has a lot of energy and babies.
Yeah. Please do. Yeah.
Bacon. Yeah my husband is working. I am working and if I keep her with me is impossible, impossible to work. But everything too many. She's like mama I want this mama, I want mama so. No I she's she's going to hurt them. Mhm
spanish.
Well uh
um Well
we have right now she's speaking a lot. At first she was not speaking much really.
The
pediatrician told me was because the two language my husband was saying a speaking spanish. So yeah he is
speaking
I would say when she was a leader like her first words were more in spanish like a lot more in spanish now it's more english but she understands perfectly what I said like Gsp with my family and everything. Uh She knows what her answer are not always in spanish. Yeah.
exactly. So I at first I was a little blurry like oh she's not gonna have the great spanish but after I read uh I understand that they have like a course that go back and forward. So yeah.
Yes.
Yeah. Does your kids are bilingual? So
what?
Yeah. Yeah. I think that is a process like I like to say my husband, I also want that when she started to go to school chick Tanya player as spanish like reading and writing you know and but I mean I I am aware that her first language brother was going to be english. No it's fine. So yeah, I I want the process happened but I won't happen in her own time. Yeah.
So but in texas you may have a lot of spanish speaker. No
english.
that's nice. So so far do you like the United States
That is
I also miss uh Madrid like be able to use like the transportation I used I love using the box. I didn't I want the Good Wife because I was like I am missing up of the city you know. So
I
normally planned to drive to use the bus so that way like I can see stuff but there was always a little bit longer. But I I enjoy it and that happened to me a lot to that being here. You have to drive everywhere. So
I think I only in the north of the city. So yes, I need to talk to dr I know like the downtown area. So who is like, I mean it's like maybe I want to bring a coffee and just walked down the street and you find a coffee place. You know, I read back.
Yes. That's hardly Well right now I am drinking tea.
That's different. And what
the fuck me even? Are you
What?
And Okay.
yeah, me too.
I
mean, I think I live like all my childhood uh what's about 26, 26, 20
suns
in 27 that I moved to Spain. And I lived there a couple of years after I moved to Chicago. I lived a year there and I read her to Venezuela. Um I went back to to uh Chicago because my husband was there um
in Chicago. My daughter was born in Chicago. Um We moved who tosa anything Minnesota After until 2020 that we move here to Washington. So.
No, no.
So
I haven't Venezuela. Everything is really bad. So and it's so hard to bring her the my family always just coming. So she I mean, yeah,
I brought her to spain. Yeah, a couple of years ago, activity was like nine months. We went to spain, I just love spain so I was
like
I was missing too much and I haven't and I was having some trouble so I decided you know I want to take out, I just want to enjoy at least for a few days so we traveled there uh yeah that was her for international travel so we went to Barcelona at that time. Mhm Yeah,
that was really nice
and
no I haven't heard
the Venezuelan one to have only America mm Venezuela closed his relationship with the United States like a year and a half ago so I didn't have time to get her citizenship. So I think that I mean when
she
I have a uh italian citizenship so right now I am processing her citizenship like her italian bruh citizens because my grandma from Yeah my grandma.
personally
always say my husband, I would like, she goes to college in europe because I think it's really good uh it's a lot cheaper than
here
but
what?
They
correspondent
what
what Yeah I got my italian one long time ago from my ground um that that you explain what happened to one of my friends you live in oh my God, what is this is in the south of England? That is a bitch city, what is the name?
Karma
Berman and she has a kid there her kid is no british
no
her kids completed. So my friend has um mm Portugal citizenship so she has to do her kids registration under the Portugal embassy. Mm
no no
England, England doesn't have like I don't know if you can ever apply to the citizenship, I don't know but I remember that she was like oh I have to uh I have to go and do all the paperwork for the baby because she really from Portugal, she is not going to be pretty and I was like oh my God that's weird.
are you a plug into your american citizenship?
I know I am, I applied to the american citizenship mm
about last year but is that take forever? So whoa whoa
I have getting apply immediately. I cool, I if you are very good in America uh if your partner is America I think you can apply after three years of marriage having, having the green car. Uh huh I apply um we were five ft of marriage where I am. Yeah. Yeah
anywhere.
exactly is after the residents are worried you can apply, I apply after five years so because everything in Venezuela going on and so I would try, you know,
it's
half foot may be no,
Yeah. Mhm. I was exactly. Just saying like, I don't know since are so weird this day that you have to be worried for since that you
never
saw anywhere. You know,
only
yeah, he's a rock
and
Well, let me check. I think so. Yes. Well that wasn't so nice to meet you.
that
was that
a great conversation.
Yeah. Yeah, I flight.
We'll have a good day. Okay.
Okay. Bye bye.