SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well first No. What? Yeah. I booked why? Right. Oh. Very small back done. What? Uh huh. Yeah. I think by bye. The Cold War did not related parts of the world. What? Uh huh. All right. That's good. What is this part? Right, filled with all the oh wait, this is coming to a level of get up. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. Okay. What? Yeah. Hi coming back like you know all things that Yeah. Yeah. What's gonna make it? Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. What about walking? What? That's a good start. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. It was good for the longest time. Yeah. That's right. This is this little johnny you don't want the military but a lot of time. Yeah. Yeah. Stop. I just didn't work. No. So much popular now. This guy. I don't think both. Oh okay. More than four. No. What this report is your time? I have to walk. That's all the news democrats. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. A smaller place. Yeah. City water or want to find out Ground for one day. So what? There's only nine of them. Look forward. Not there for what? I want someone to talk. How to get out. Arnold back up to the challenge. Yeah. Hi God, I'm just walking from last time outside for elegance. I'm not in the wedding wearing a doctor working in a cross of fear for me. All right outside. I just laughed so by well, broken their back now. It's inside of these things are being I'm talking about 11, 11 3rd and what I've got is a seven. When people write about this right there on a United States, I'm going myself. All your help like this. Go on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: All right. Hello. That make it are you?
SPEAKER_R: okay, how are you today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I can't complain. I'm gonna start my timer, that's what I'm doing. Yeah. So how many times have you done the chat?
SPEAKER_L: This will be my 3rd. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Same third time, the last time I missed it? And I said, oh my God, so they reschedule it. That's one thing that's good about prolific. If you miss it, they do give you another opportunity. So.
SPEAKER_L: It scares.
SPEAKER_R: So where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Georgia,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, what part?
SPEAKER_L: you know where Bonaire is?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: out of the
SPEAKER_R: cluster.
SPEAKER_L: middle of the way. Yeah that's out in the middle of nowhere problem like down south south. Waste
SPEAKER_R: My dad,
SPEAKER_L: not the biggest
SPEAKER_R: my dad is from Augusta Georgia. Yeah. So that's why when he said Georgia was like, okay because I stayed there for like five months but I
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: couldn't
SPEAKER_L: snowflakes.
SPEAKER_R: take it. So I left I was in north Carolina Raleigh north Carolina. So I ended up moving back to Raleigh north Carolina. So that's where I'm at now, but I'm in the, in the process. Um I guess in the next two years I'll be moving to Jacksonville florida. So
SPEAKER_L: that's a nice change.
SPEAKER_R: trying to go warmer because it's it's cold here. I'm
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: trying to
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: get away from the cold. I moved from
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: new york to here. So now I'm yeah I'm trying to move from here to to florida make it a little bit more warmer because I'll tell you it's getting colder and I'm so used to not having um coats on to when I get to the point where I have to put on a heavy coat. Okay. It's time to go. It's the climate change. You know Because when I first came here 10 years ago it was very warm. I basically felt like I went from fall to spring. So It's changed a lot. 10 years. Yeah it's changed a lot. So have you voted yet?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my absentee ballot was supposed to fill it out with my wife but she was watching her son
SPEAKER_R: Okay. How old is your son?
SPEAKER_L: Just over two weeks old.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well congratulations little
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah the little boy
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I have two grandkids, one is 11 and the other one is nine. So
SPEAKER_L: both boys and girls or
SPEAKER_R: a boy and a girl. The girl
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: negative.
SPEAKER_R: the oldest, yeah she's the oldest. Those are my little heart beats but I love them when they're little and they can't talk. They
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: are beautiful if they could stay like that. I had a bunch of them. But no they grow up and you go through the mode. Is that your first?
SPEAKER_L: That's my 2nd 1
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. What you have the first time?
SPEAKER_L: and boy too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. How old?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah He's almost 19 months now,
SPEAKER_R: How many?
SPEAKER_L: 19 months. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's right. Get it out the way.
SPEAKER_L: that's what people said but wow, I mean there's so much different than the
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: way they behave.
SPEAKER_R: I promise you I have my kids a year in they were a year and a half apart. They fought like crazy as growing
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: up but that's siblings, you know what I'm saying? But they're grown now. That's the good part. So now I'm enjoying the grandchildren. So I mean you know for what it's worth it if you can do it and get it over with. I mean unless you are searching for that girl, uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm done. My wife's claims she's done but she, I know she wants a little girl real badly.
SPEAKER_R: most definitely because you got two troopers, they're going to be following you. Those are daddy boys. So she
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: needs a mommy's daughter. She needs a little girl. Me. I had two boys too, but I was like, no, I'm done.
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: girl missed out on a second try.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was done then after that second boy, I was like, oh no, I can't. But boys are, I say they're easier to to toilet train. Um, I don't know, girls are so they're so prissy. You know, they they they're dainty, you know, so any little thing there crying, you know, but their daddy's little girls, so I don't know if you want to try it because she's gonna end up in your boat to that's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: that's that
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: would be your heartbeat because she'll be the one that anything she wants, you're going to get her. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Know this 1st 1 he's he's already had his terrible twos despite not being too so, he's already throwing tantrums and crying about every little thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm telling you, it's, it's, I love it. It's beautiful. I mean, you know, they have their own little personality, you know what I'm saying? I mean, I consider every child that comes on this earth a blessing. So enjoy them because let me tell you time.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Before you know it preschool and you'll be like, wait a minute. It was just like
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: yesterday I had them. No time is flying. And I mean before you know what that little two year old, two weeks old, he'll be a year Before you know it because I'm sure the 19 month of time flew, you know, and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: all he
SPEAKER_L: remember
SPEAKER_R: was doing was he was getting out the way for the next one.
SPEAKER_L: in No,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: remember
SPEAKER_R: I tell
SPEAKER_L: half
SPEAKER_R: everybody.
SPEAKER_L: a year ago,
SPEAKER_R: I told
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: everybody
SPEAKER_L: never happier
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: whenever you have a child already and then the next one comes and they come fast because they say it's an old saying when they do come they start coming like flies. So yeah that's that's the saying. So usually when one come is not too long before there's another one so you know just enjoy them. That's the only thing I can tell you their blessings. Uh if I could turn it back and do it all over again I would because I had a ball with my boys. You know I mean they were rough, they were rough now as they get older. But yeah I enjoyed them. I really did. So how is the weather there?
SPEAKER_L: um it's starting to shift. Uh no sense trying to be a cooler, No mornings and not get so hot in the afternoons, false
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: simply is
SPEAKER_R: here is like it's cool in the morning and then it warms up and maybe about 8:30 starts. You can start filling the shift of the weather. Like this morning when I got up it was very foggy out. So I mean it was like really dense fog so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, okay, they're gonna get cold in that hot meeting, you know? So yeah, I got my little garden, I'm getting ready to come tomorrow. I'm going to start planting in pots because I'm growing stuff. I got some tomatoes they're still producing because of the weather, you know? I thought I was done, but I saw three tomatoes. I was like, oh I get I got three
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: more tomatoes
SPEAKER_L: should,
SPEAKER_R: come in and then I'm growing Okra. So those two things I'm trying to salvage, I got me a greenhouse, so getting ready to divvy it up so I don't catch none of that frost. And maybe I could salvage the tomatoes. I said I'd probably cut them open and then put them back in the ground. I mean, you know, back in the dirt, just so it could produce a thicker stem. So yeah, I did pretty good. I grew some lettuce this summer and the gruesome tomatoes, I tried to grow corn, but that didn't work. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: corn
SPEAKER_R: corn
SPEAKER_L: requires
SPEAKER_R: is hard.
SPEAKER_L: too much, requires too much,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's very hard to grow. So I pulled that out of the ground and left that alone and I got peppers, green peppers, so they're starting up, it's starting to not produce but starting to sprout, grow out. So I said, I'm probably going to get some peppers if I keep them warm enough in the winter time, hopefully I can produce it under them. We'll see other than that, a normal day for me. I enjoyed it. I I'm I met my wits and I said, oh my God, my my my chat is 10 o'clock and I'm fighting sleep
SPEAKER_L: Decision
SPEAKER_R: like crazy. I was I was out earlier and I just got in like about A little after eight and I'm tired. I'm like saying, oh my God, I hope I'm gonna make this. So when they ask you about your, the energy level, I'm enthused to do the chat, But my energy, that was like two. So
SPEAKER_L: Up at my energy have one. I had to put my son to nap at 7:30 because he didn't take his evening nap. Yeah, and then just fell asleep with them and I woke up, it was like he was only 8 30 so I was like, oh crap, I gotta get
SPEAKER_R: Stop
SPEAKER_L: ready so
SPEAKER_R: opinion.
SPEAKER_L: I don't fall asleep. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And,
SPEAKER_L: lovely.
SPEAKER_R: and that's the whole thing. Just making it to that. I figured this would be a good time for me because I'm running around during the daytime. So I figured 10 o'clock will be the best time. Uh, 11 of the chats I had, that was winds constant. So they were our behind me and that chat went well. And then I had another chat, she was in Ohio and she was a musician on top of it. So I was like,
SPEAKER_L: No, he was
SPEAKER_R: So she says she does a lot of Youtube and I didn't even think to get her name, but
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: know, I probably come across her, you know? And I'm like, oh yeah, I chatted with her. So yeah, I'm documenting every, every time I try to keep up, I think we're allowed to do it six times. So
SPEAKER_L: Six cents.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, this is my third. I was like, well, I'm gonna try to use and utilizes the other three eventually. But yeah, I'm fading out fast, so it's like, oh my God, I'm gonna, I hope I could do this. I hope I can do this because I'm drinking water trying to put water on my face to keep me up. Because I was almost like, yeah, I was like, let me lay down. No, don't
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: lay down
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that the lay down, that's my worst nightmare. I'll be sleeping that long ago off because I set my alarm to make sure that I don't miss it Because it's uh 10:00. It comes so quick. And I just did a survey before I did the uh the chat. I was like, oh, it's only 10 minutes and it was 9 46. I was like, oh, let me get this one, but I let the other one go because it was 13 minutes. So do you do a lot of surveys on you?
SPEAKER_L: My doing, when I get off work, I try to just hammer out whatever shows up before I spent time with the kids.
SPEAKER_R: Right, Right, right. I've told a lot of people that because they pay us in euros. Um I've earned 505 dollars and some change in your old, So about $600 I've earned from prolific. And I was like, wow, been
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: with the
SPEAKER_L: good exchange
SPEAKER_R: full,
SPEAKER_L: rate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm on it all the time. I'm retired, so I'm on it all the time when they pop up. I'm usually picky. I usually want to try to get at least a dollar or more. So I've cashed out this week past. I've cast out twice. Because
SPEAKER_L: marriage
SPEAKER_R: I did, yeah, I did like so many surveys um $42 when it when it comes into us dollars, it's like $42. So I cashed twice. That's the first because normally it's every week I might cash out. But no, for the first time I cashed out twice in one week, I was like, I'm scared of myself.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's impressive.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah, they're they're pushing them up. I mean normally it be dragging, you know, a certain time of the day, they just die out. But I've come on and it's it's been one or two up at like up till 10 o'clock and I'm like, oh okay, let me get this one too. I mean if they're little and there's nothing else to do then yeah, I'll do it. It doesn't matter, you know? So you're gonna do the absentee ballot. I voted already. I went ahead and I did the curbside voting because I could not stand on that line. I was like, I'm not standing, that line was around the block. What?
SPEAKER_L: that long,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, it was very long and I ran into one lady who said she came there at 11:00 AM and she got on the bus when I was on the bus with my friend, she got on the bus, it was quarter to five, quarter to six, she was just leaving from the from the voting places. She says I'm tired and I'm hungry. I was like, well, you know, Michelle Obama said to bring a chair and bring a lunch and she wasn't joking, but I think as it that a lot of people are doing the early voting. So The, you know like I don't know if y'all guys are doing the voting now for us is from October 15 to the 31st. So I went ahead and did it. I try to do it the first day, but it was overwhelming. So the third day and I did the voting I was able to go through. It was it took us about three hours in the curve
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: side. So
SPEAKER_L: press for block.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Yeah. But tonight when I looked, when I passed by It was it was seven, 7 11 and it was three cars left outside of the voting thing. So I know that I said, oh it's it's starting to dwindle down. Not as many people are online. You know, I mean you know coming to vocals, they, most of them have voted so hopefully, you know, I don't know we I said whoever wins wins at this point, I'm uh I want trump out, but some people want them in, you know what I'm saying? So I was like, that's our right to vote for whoever we want to, you know, we're going to get stuck with whoever it is, you know, hopefully it's a good one. What? You know, if not, I just say they need to get a lot of people, their money, get the people, their money, because a lot of people are suffering big time and the second wave is getting ready to hit because I got a family in new york and they shut down Jersey, you can only come into new york unless you are only if you are a central worker because a lot of people live in Jersey, they work in the city in new york and they they're the only ones if they're essential, then they can get over. If not they can't come over. I was like, oh, they get ready, shut new york down again. So I was like, the only thing everybody could do, take your vitamins, exercise, do what you need to do to keep yourself healthy, William ass. You know, those are the, the and wash your hands, those are the main things you do, those, you're good, you know, and and take care of the babies more than anything. You know? I see so many people out there, they don't have their babies with masks on, I'm like, oh my God, you know, even though their systems are little, you know, like they're, they're little and their systems are strong, but you don't you don't want to use your child as a guinea pig, you know what I'm saying? Like if they're too small to put on a mask and I say, don't take them, you know what I'm saying? Don't bring them in that environment, you know? But I see so many people come with their little babies and they got on the mask to walk the kid that's walking down the math, but the baby in their arm has no mass or also why? And I mean one of the time don't go in there, you know what I'm saying? But to each his own, but I just feel bad that they, you know, they're not that educated. I say if you go in an enclosed place, you need to have a mass or I don't care who it is, put a mass on it. Even if it's a little baby, I mean they're gonna scramble, but they're probably looking at you like what what you're doing, I mean, but they used to get wrapped up in a blanket anyway. But if you could put that mask on him and they got little ones, if you got to make them yourself make them. But I just look at those people like why y'all coming in here with your babies, You got the the little one with a mass on and they're cute little masses, you know, that they have for them. But I just said the baby need one on too. And I know they're gonna take them off, but you know, it's just we can't bring them in. I just think it's it's really hard right now what we're going through, we were in a situation right now that is I hope it gets better. Uh I promise that uh we will take it more into consideration on how to react to things. But I don't think our generation ever dealt with anything like this. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Around
SPEAKER_R: you know, I was little but it was when they had that scar scars of disease that came in play. But I don't remember nothing, you know, I don't remember having an ass or none of that on asked my mom. She was like no. So I think this time around the that thing that the pandemic, they played it down, they jeopardize the whole lot of families. A lot of people lost their jobs. I'm studying listening to the stimulus thing. I pray that they pass it because we all need help right now. You know they playing Russian roulette with us
SPEAKER_L: matter.
SPEAKER_R: And they were saying that they if they do issue it is supposed to be bigger than 1200 and do it needs to because if those that got it that the last time it was april like
SPEAKER_L: and there are people who we're expecting another check in june and never got it
SPEAKER_R: that's that's sad. I mean I actually am looking at people being put out of their homes and I'm like this they shouldn't do that because if the pandemic is not over, how are you gonna how you gonna make people get out of their homes and they can't even get a job because of the job they have is not opening up on it. There are a lot of businesses are closing up. I mean I'm looking at like over here we have Hardee's that they closed up some of their stores burger king has closed up some of their stores and I'm like the only one day and I was just telling this lady last tonight, I said you know what's so funny out of everybody that is fighting to keep their business open. Look, I don't know what they got in that chick fil a food but the lines are ridiculous, the lines are crazy and uh this lady said, well there mac and cheese is the bomb and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: is it good?
SPEAKER_R: is that what it is? She was like bro that that mac and cheese is good. I was like okay, but the lines you would think that if somebody is giving away something, the lines are ridiculous and the cops where I'm at, the cops have to be at the other end so the cars could get out because it's so much traffic, those cars can't get out so they have to have the police to stop the traffic so these cars could come out of the chick fil a parking lot. I was like, oh my God, that is ridiculous. I don't know what else that I think they said because their chicken Israel, I want to say that that's what they said, they serve real chicken. I was like okay but still, I don't see why that live. Like people need money with all of these people who, you know that's on this line where they get their money from, you know what I'm saying? Because that line never died down. It got shut down when the pandemic hit real hard. But then once they open back up and they found a way to handle the food without touching and you know, and handing it off to the person, look, they perked right back up. Like they like nothing ever happened. So chick
SPEAKER_L: I mean, the biggest
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: thing,
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: I mean, the biggest thing is that food prices at grocery stores, I've gone up considerably, especially if you're talking about meat, I mean it's not cheap, like it used to be, it was only
SPEAKER_R: us.
SPEAKER_L: like half a year ago
SPEAKER_R: No, not at all. I bought four lbs of chicken. I used to really by the Flame wings and it's a £4 bag. I get it in walmart And at the time it was $9, I want to say a little over nine. Almost $10. Not quite 10. Now, that same bag I picked up. I put it back because $13. I'm like, what? Are you crazy? It went from $9 to $13.
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: Crazy. Remember
SPEAKER_L: ground beef
SPEAKER_R: will?
SPEAKER_L: is crazy,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I see. It's like when you go to your, I was spending I live alone. I was spending anywhere from $100 to $150 in my food for the month. I'm spitting and this is no joke. I'm spending about maybe 200 now, Whole 50 more. So I've been trying to do like if I make up mill try to have that milk. I I noticed I'm very funny. I might eat things twice and the third time I do not want it. So I always try to cook like two days of that same thing after that. I know I'm not gonna want it. And then when I do cook I try to cook something that I like. I like beef lo mein. So tonight I got me some blue green, the new rules that I had and I had some soy sauce and I don't know what else I put in that thing. And I had some uh it was like beef stew so I shaved it off and made like strips and I made me some beef lo mein and I made enough to last tomorrow. Now I like that so I might eat that three days, but I only put it for two days because I know me, I'll say,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: oh no that's not what I want and I'll go and find something out. Even Yeah the hamburgers. That's crazy. I used to eat the bubba hamburgers because I like them. They're really juicy and thick Man. I think when I bought it used to be $9 and that thing is $15 for already made hamburgers. I was like, are you serious? And I asked the guy says this the right price. He was like, yeah, I was like, oh my God. So I had to cut down on that. I couldn't. I mean usually I used to get two packs of those. I know I got one pack of that because I was like, this is crazy. It's almost like I have to start going to BJ's or or Sam's to bunk up to save, you know, to gain either way, one of the two. But yeah, I just I think everything is like going crazy. Hopefully by next year I'm ready for 2020 to be done with. I've done it's been crazy.
SPEAKER_L: well, the bad news is if trump wins, then we're definitely going to be dropping out of the who? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay mm.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: gonna be. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: that's bad news
SPEAKER_R: it is. And I mean, I don't know about everybody else, but like they said, you know, they was like, oh did you get your food shots? I don't get flu shots.
SPEAKER_L: you hear?
SPEAKER_R: I don't believe in is allowing them to inject a germ into me to make me sick when I'm building up my immune system for whatever is coming at me. So I wouldn't want to weaken my immune system even though it will make it stronger, but I wouldn't want to weaken it. Not during this time, not right now. Maybe they don't want, but I don't take flu shots. I don't have no intention if they get a corona virus and I'm not taking that. I have no intentions of doing that either. So what's all that being said? All I can tell you is blessings and stay safe because that's where we at And we have done our 25 minutes. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That was by too quick,
SPEAKER_R: we're done well.
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: night.
SPEAKER_R: good to know with you and have a blessed one and enjoy those Children.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thank you very
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: a good one.