Hi, how are you?
Hold on 1/2. I'm just
taking screenshots of something I'm doing on one other site. Hold on. What? I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Mm hmm. Do. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Thank you so much for your patients. I just actually, I just need to pull one thing more from my calendar and then you have my total attention.
Okay. Great. Alright. Hi,
I'm jodi nice to meet you. Let me get
on our screen. I couldn't even see you and now I see you. Hi,
nice to me. What's your name?
Okay, cool. Where are you located?
Oh, I'm in florida. So we're like total opposite ends.
It is yes.
And you're three hours behind probably. So it's eight. a.m.
What do you, what
do you do for work? Mhm.
Um Well, I am in thanking. Um but uh I hate it. And it's not interesting to talk about. Yeah. What are you in school for?
So that let's be pretty creative. Yeah,
cracked
skin.
Oh, you're in the right area of the country, that's for sure.
Oh my God, I'm gonna depress the hell out of you right now. I had
to put my dog down on monday. Yeah.
Um and I was trying to like not end up talking about this and I can't. Anyway, how old is your dog?
What's her name?
Is she a chihuahua?
Hello?
I had
I had
an Italian greyhound and she was 17. Yeah,
and
I had to put her down on monday. Um and it was horrible, so I'm so happy you have a young dog, so you don't have to think about that for
do you feel
like um I'm so sorry to like make you give me therapy, but um do you feel
like it gets um
do you feel like it gets easier like missing them? Are you missing just the same?
He was 17, so obviously she was really old
and you know, it's hardly fair to call it a surprise, but then um she but she was really sort of for the most part well and had been acting normally all day, so I didn't think anything of it. And then um monday I came in, I had been out and I came in and and sort of peaked
in on her
and she was having
which was horrible thing to see. She's never had seizures or anything before. And so I brought her up to the vet and they were suggesting doing tests and blood work and stuff and I was just like, no, I can't do that to her. And so it was unexpected um in that sense, you know, it's hardly fair to call it unexpected because of her age, but I'm sorry. Right. So, but it was unexpected in that like, the day had been going normally. I I didn't think I was doing that on monday and I mean, I've had her forever. I rescued her, but I got her when she was like a year old and I had gone to law school and I live by myself and I was alone. All my friends had graduated. And so she was with me, you know, to go to law school and then she was with me um
when I moved down, um, and got my first job. And um,
that was a hard time for me to when I first started working. It was just such a change because I stayed in school for so long. Um I didn't get my first job until I was 28 years old, so it was a massive truck 2 39. So it was this massive shock to have to like go to work and be an adult. You know, I've been living a student like for a long time. And, and so she was with me for all that and just so many life stages, you know, to have a dog
for
16 years basically, as long as I had or in it, I just didn't so hard to think about. Uh huh. Anyway, I'm so sorry. I'm crying to you.
Such a mess.
Yeah. Anyway, so that's why I'm enough. So what, what fun stuff have you been watching on tv during coronavirus?
And because you guys were sort of the hub, right, Washington is kind of like where it started. Right.
When did you get engaged?
Yeah, I didn't see. Let me see it. Beautiful. Oh, I love it. That's so unique.
huh.
Where I'm not even tell me the whole story.
Oh cool. It was just an easy, like you didn't even like the other ones
or the other ones were interesting, but you like that one better.
Well, congratulations.
So when he asked you, it wasn't like a total shock because you had gone ring shopping together.
Did it work? Or where did you know what he was up to?
No one. That's so sweet. So a lot of thought went into that.
And How Old Is He? Your 22? 21.
Okay. And how long have you guys been dating?
How did you meet him?
Hello?
No way.
Oh, the universe
was like sending him your signals. Yeah, that's cool.
And what does he do for work?
What does he do for work?
so that's local. He doesn't have to travel for that.
That's
good.
And then have you started wedding planning or not thinking about that yet?
You
what
is it?
I love mangoes. I've never had mango cake.
Have you dress shop yet?
Right. Right. You dream of this like dress shopping moment and then you're
like by
yourself with a sales clerk and you're like not how I pictured it.
And when, when are you getting married?
I think people, I bet by then coronavirus will be history. I'm sure people won't have to wear mask. That'll be plenty safe.
I have to assume by august that it's over and forgotten and totally, totally safe for people to travel and all that kind of stuff.
Where do you want to go for your bachelorette party?
Isn't that funny that coronavirus makes just going to a bar Sound
like awesome,
boring. Yeah. But now like going to a bar and seeing my friends. That would be an amazing
Such a treat. So if you're on the west coast, where do you guys go for vacation? Do you go to like California a lot or Mexico? Like what?
What is? So have you done Alaska? Do you go to Canada?
Are you from Washington originally?
That's so nice. Stay close. Don't leave your mother.
Have you ever been to florida?
Not much to see. What about have you been to Disneyland?
I've never been to Disneyland, but we used to go to Disney world all the time when you're from florida, you like grow up with passes.
I've heard that Disneyland
is kind of small. Maybe it just small in comparison to Disney world, but would you call it small.
All right. Right. Right. Right.
Both are technically like different parks, right? Like you need tickets for both.
But that's probably even a flight for you to get down there. Right, Because if you're in Washington um what is probably like eight hours or something to try and drive? I would think right, more than that.
san Francisco isn't san Francisco in northern California.
I've been to san Francisco twice but once in like more recently um for a
friend's wedding, san Francisco is fun. Remember
this is a
Oh really? Oh my God. See I love the cold. I'm so
happy winter is coming um Because in florida we really don't get much winter.
It's summer
all year.
So I am so excited for the weather, The weather to get better. This summer was brutally hot. I know I live in the wrong state but I just can't imagine leaving. You know I live down the street from my parents, I'm like 15 minutes away from my
that's why I stay close to your parents because it's nice to have family down the street, you never know what life's gonna throw at you and sometimes
you just need your mom, Are your parents still married? Oh, that's so nice. Mine or not, my parents are divorced, but my mom has been with my step dad since basically my parents divorced, so you know, he's been in my life are really so, yeah, sounds like my dad,
I don't know. What are you guys doing this weekend?
Uh So you're on vacay almost and you're coming home on sunday and can you just drive there? It's not too far.
Oh, that sounds fun. They're supposed to be a little kind of something similar in Georgia and I've never been there. But um, they say it's really pretty during christmas and stuff that they
decorate
it. Really cute, but like a german themed town and all the restaurants of german food and stuff.
Mm Of course. Right. Yeah,
Well that sounds nice. I don't have any plans. Just another weekend.
Uh, well, I'm married so I have my husband, we
don't have Children
and then, you know, we had the dog, so it's, it's very quiet without the dog. But um, I had a very different experience than you with my wedding. I actually,
um, so we did not have a wedding
at all. I start trying to kind of plan some sort of like a little smaller party or something like that and it just kept getting bigger and like turning into a kind of a wedding. Um, so we ended up just getting married like on a monday we met we lived in the same condo, and so we were married for over a year before we even like lived together because we each had our own condos, and my husband worked from home, and it just didn't work for him to like for us to live together because he works from home and the dog would be distracting to him and everything, so we just we just didn't move in together. But anyway, so we both lived in the condo, so it was easy enough on a monday to just run downstairs, and our property manager was a notary, so they just like, married us in like 30
seconds. Yeah, and then we just sort of emailed our families and we're like, ok, we're married, the end, it's over, that's
it,
So like, no fanfare, nothing. But um I wouldn't I would, for me I wouldn't have changed anything. I mean, I was happy to do that. It stresses me the idea of planning and having a party and like people traveling and all that kind of stuff is really stressful
and overwhelming today.
But
but I mean, I totally understand like, I think if I could have like had a beautiful dress, but it had been free or something, I would have loved to, like if the whole
thing was free
and somebody could plan the whole thing and like everyone could gladly travel there, No one begrudgingly traveling there. I I would have wanted to do it. But obviously, what world does that exist in? So
hand out? Right. Exactly. Well, I hope you have a really good weekend um and have so much fun. I'll be thinking of you and I'll be jealous. So have a beer for
me,
Tony.
Mhm jodi J
O D Y
Like that's a very unique name.
Well, okay, well, it's nice meeting you lizzie.