Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Well. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I got Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Hello.
Doing pretty good. How about you?
on.
Okay. No problem. Yeah. Yeah.
What? All right.
No problem.
And
Hello?
Ha ha I
time I'm Izzy,
I'm in Washington. How about you?
Is it is it 11 over there? I want to say
it's cool.
it is. I'm
entire
I let's see. I go to work, I do online school right now and I do online work as well. How about you?
um integrated design in multimedia. A lot of yeah, a lot of adobe stuff.
I like a lot,
I'm more
afraid of finding a job in it, but we'll see.
That's true. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is the perfect spot also. This is here. What? Uh huh.
Homework?
Uh huh.
I'm sorry to hear that. She's five. Maybe she's six five or 6. She just turned five or 6
mochi.
She's a miniature pincher Pomeranian
in the well, different. Mhm. She's upset
because it's more early. She's
mad.
love
it.
No, I know. I hate that. I've had to put, well not just me, but me and my family, we've had to put down two dogs in the past. It's it never gets easier either. Like each memory is just imprinted sad. That's the thing. Every time I get a dog, I'm like uh or every time a dog dies, I'm like, am I really going to get another one someday? Should I? And I do
this?
no,
no,
it definitely gets easier. Like at some point it's more like, like a really fond memory where like, like for instance, my black lab died when I think, I think when I was 19, 3 years ago and it was it was a really hard death because he had to be put down right away because they found cancer, like was all throughout his body and they're like, we need him to be put down right now. Um and so I felt like I was betraying him because I wasn't there for him during it and it was it was so hard, but now I just like, look back on it and I'm like, like sometimes I do cry every so often over one of the dogs, but but now I just here let me find something now. I just get little I get little knickknacks or something to represent them like that smart. I keep it on my desk and it's like, it's like a lot of loved ones or you know, you're never gonna not think of them at some point, but is your family, but it does get easier
of all?
You
know
what? Oh
mhm
Mom
Thank
you, gentlemen,
Oh, it's health ended.
Oh good. No, I would be too, I dogs are such a hard thing and they're just so good there uh yeah, engage
what have I been watching? Um
there's a, there's a good amount of stuff here. I feel like there's probably, there might be more in California, but yeah, this whole like west coast area is very, very big with tv and media in general. Let's see, I've been watching the blacklist lately with my fiancee. Yeah.
Oh, here's my ring. Um
it was made in 1880. It's yeah,
it's a super old, it's really
Well, let's see, I think back in, so I got engaged. It's written on my calendar, Let me find it. I think a couple of months maybe. Yeah, I got engaged on August 24 and, and before that we went ring shopping together just because he was like, I want to make sure that you actually like it, so I'll just bring you with that works. And so we were talking with the jeweler and he was the owner's son, so he was like super knowledgeable and a lot of stuff. And um, he asked me like what styles, what styles I like and I was like, well I enjoy like art deco type stuff, you know about like 19 twenties swing. But I also like um kind of fantasy elvish looking stuff like Lord of the Rings. And he was like, he like, he like closed the jewelry shore that we're looking at and I was like, get up. I need to show you right now. Come with me. Okay. He showed me this and I think to others and this one was for sure. The one
number one.
I think the others were interesting. They were definitely like really cool and unique in their own way. I think they're all on the older side. They're all made sometime like Host 50 years ago. I've been pretty 50 years ago. Um I can't remember though. I remember thinking another one was pretty, but, but yeah, this one was my favorite for sure. I like that a lot.
No.
but it was kind of a shock because he waited a good amount of time to do it. And um let's see. So we went on a trip with me and him, went to visit his grandma in Portland, um in Oregon, and then let's see, we're going to this place called the Grotto there and it's like this beautiful catholic garden area, it's like really serene and gorgeous and you just walk through it together. And so the three of us were doing that. Um and that morning he had, he had pretended to make a payment over the phone for the ring because I'm always like trying to listen in and be like, so how many payments are left? I'm just curious. You keep trying to get in from out of him. And so that more that morning he pretended to make a payment over the phone in front of me to throw me off his scent.
I was, I was very convinced he got me there. And so then later that day he had his grandma take like a picture of us. And so she was like far back out um at the end of the Grotto, there's like this high uh pledge with a fence area and it's like a really pretty lookout spot and it's like the ending spot of the journey. And so she was taking a picture of us and it was actually a video and then he turned and proposed. I was like
yeah, yeah. He put a lot of thought into it very much.
22. Yeah. He's 25.
Um two years in something months I want to say or once some like that. Yeah.
Oh man, that's kind of a long story like shoot how far back do I go? Okay so before I met him he actually met my brother in law through camp. And my brother in law was his very first camp counselor, like way back when in middle school and then let's see. And then he met my my brother also at camp a couple years later I was like a cabin mate.
And then and then he met my sister, the one married to my brother in law when he started going to the same, they started doing the same church as him and they started doing like the worship team together. Um So they all had like more relationship with him like way before me and him did and then I think five or six years ago I started like doing some guests leading or guest vocals at the church that they go to. And so I'd see him every so often here and there and then I started, my sister started a college group and I started going there and he went there and we just started hanging out here and there and we started becoming friends. Um Sorry friends, I want to say like for Maybe three years before we dated 2, 3 years. Um Yeah and then let me see there's also a photo at my mom's house That we think might be a photo of my brother who's also 25 and my fiance in the same place at the same time when they were three. It's
so
you know,
we're like wow. You know everyone so strange. Yeah.
What was that?
He does um she's like a longer title, so he's with like a plumbing, not plumbing um sort of like a well drilling company. Yeah and so right now he's currently doing drilling but he usually does um the more like technical side of it. And he works with someone else with that to install stuff into people's houses.
No. Yeah, it's local. Yeah.
He does
drive a little different cities and stuff. Uh huh.
Yeah. I started, yeah, we have, we have a venue and a photographer.
Yeah. We picked out the parties and like general styles and we know a cake we want to because we're both not cake fans. But there's like one cake that we both at once and loved and were like this is the cake we're gonna,
we're gonna
it's called, I think it's called paradise cakes in Seattle. Like it's so good. The kick that we had was I think half mango, half guava. And it's all like really homemade. And the frosting is not too sweet. But it tastes really fresh and it's so good. Well,
True. It's super good.
I was actually just trying to find places last night for dress shopping. I want to really bad. I need to find like places that allow small groups and masks, you know, because I don't want to go alone. That sounds boring.
Brother
wound.
Yeah. It doesn't feel right. I want the party there one backing me up. Yeah. So we'll see. I definitely want like a bigger dress. I think I like the the bigger styles. Mhm.
We're getting married August. So like 10 months now. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what we're hoping for. At least we're
Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're known as like positive. But we're just planning like everything's gonna be normal because what's it's kind of all we can do right now is just be like, okay, well we'll see,
Oh I don't even know. That's another thing where I'm like, I wonder what's open because it be really fun to like go to a bar and hang out with them, but
no,
yeah, you're like, oh man, a bar. Yeah, normally I feel like okay,
we got to eat Vicky
me,
Yeah, um let's see. I've done, yeah, for like vacation things um depends on the budget for sure. But if we're trying to do like a nicer type one, um we'll go to California. I've done hawaii once. Um I've been on the, the east coast a lot less than my fiance has and I know that he's gone there for vacation. He's gonna like new york and that general area before. Um
Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. All my life Never even lived in a different city because my mom lives about like 10, 15 minutes away.
Yeah, I agree.
I have not, no.
Yeah. Mhm. In California. Yeah.
Oh yeah, if you, yeah, if you live there and you're not going to Disney World would be sad,
satan.
It's definitely smaller than Disney world. I've been told how big Disney world is in, that place is like huge. Um so it's not like itty bitty, you're definitely going to get a lot of stuff to do still because there's like the different, you know, there's like the Epcot land, there's a little Disney land area. There's the like California adventure section.
Yeah. So there's still,
Yeah. Yeah. You either you can either do like a package deal and get California adventure and Disney or you can like just by a Disneyland ticket.
yeah, yeah, driving. I'd say around eight hours. Yeah. It's like maybe an hour hour or something, definitely. Not terrible.
Yeah. Yeah. That's on the northern side. Yeah.
What?
I like I like the surrounding area. I don't I'm not crazy about L. A. Itself because it's so full and there's so many just it's like too much. I'm like that's too city for me. But
but I like the like area around it and I like how warm it gets. I love the heat.
Well
it
was named
your Jordan new.
no. Yeah.
And include,
Yeah. Yeah. He's basically another dad figure. That's cool.
We are actually as of tonight we're going to this town called Leavenworth in Washington. It's like this german beamed it's very much tourist touristy but it's like this really pretty german themed city and we're staying at a cabin at a friend of his co owns with his family. So we're doing that as of today.
Yeah, yeah, I'd say it's like maybe 2, 3 hours. It's not super far.
you
know,
Have like a big Octoberfest thing probably.
Yeah.
Uh huh. Okay. It's chilling at home. Do you live with
this
episode?
Go?
hmm.
perfect.
By
the way,
Yeah,
know, there is
definitely to it. Yeah.
Someone
me.
Yeah, if I could get a great wedding and just have someone else do it and it's all free and yeah, that would be pretty nice.
I
will. What was your name again?
Toady
Jody?
I was like toady.
I'll do it. I'll be like this one's for jodi and you'll feel it.
Yeah. You too.