SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, But it's important, Yeah. Uh Oh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, jane. Okay. I never had. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right time.
SPEAKER_R: and what?
SPEAKER_L: I love your background. It's so pretty.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I just I just finished setting up, they just finished moving over the weekend and I was like, oh
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I should put that out before I do this.
SPEAKER_L: it's so pretty.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I wanted
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: to, I've
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: love you Rambo.
SPEAKER_R: fallen and I just like cabin in the background, like any video thing I do.
SPEAKER_L: Is it like one of those posters or it's
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: like an actual
SPEAKER_R: worked.
SPEAKER_L: blanket type of thing?
SPEAKER_R: It's like sheet material. Like, like it's like a it's like a tapestry thing. It's like, it's like, it's like, it feels like a sheet. So like it's actually hanging up with scotch tape,
SPEAKER_L: You need? I need one of those.
SPEAKER_R: it's like over the last several years, I figured out the best way to put it up. Is it to use any of the little sticky things? I literally just scotch tape across the top of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is that like, like there's a different a bunch of different ways to put it like the thumbtacks and then I was also looking like the tape.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Scott. Like this has been enough that like, I just have like Scotch tape every like 4" across the top of it. And it keeps it up because like when I was in college, the um in my dorm, the ceiling above my bed was planted like this. So I was kind of sleeping in the corner, but like the way that I had it up, it would fall down every once in a while. And so I just wake up with this on top of it was like I have, there has been a better and then I finally I finally got to stabilize and like, you know at this point now that I have it like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: actually hanging vertically and not like diagonally and I have all the tape, it actually stays up. Like all the tape stays on, it stays up for a year at a time until I need to take it down.
SPEAKER_L: that's me.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I want like, so I just moved to like I still have like budget of boxes everywhere so that that this is so it's like it's been an adventure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's cool. Yeah. And what part of uh like what part are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm from Cincinnati, I'm in Louisville now, so I moved like two hours.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. That's that's pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, so it was funny because like, so my boyfriend and I just like his lease was up three months before my mind was up and then we were coming back to Louisville after that. So we had two apartments worth of stuff in one apartment, and now we finally actually split it out into like an entire house where there's actually room for all of our crap
SPEAKER_L: that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: like just like we spent the last three months just like tripping over boxes and furniture and just like there's not enough room for this year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Over here and living in an apartment to and me and my boyfriend just bought a house. And it's like it feels very weird because it's like I'm not ready for a house. It's, I feel
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: to it,
SPEAKER_R: there, yeah, we're renting a house. So like we have the space of the house without having to actually deal with any of the responsibilities of it and it's great.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like that sounds cool like renting one and I'm like, I'm scared to actually have when I'm like, oh god, I'm like so stressed out in the whole process has taken like literally about like two months and we're still going to get the house and I'm like how does this work? He handles all of it, and I just sit back and like uh
SPEAKER_R: No, my boyfriend want to just sit back and it's like, what am I doing? Like a fine I'll do it because otherwise not well, but yeah. You know, it's like, because it's like we spent like a few days just like getting everything together and cleaning everything and then to like, and so, you know, so like our parents helped us move everything in, like to move all the boxes in. So it's like we have the boxes we have and we have fed set up. Like there's just gonna be boxes everywhere for weeks until we get everything sorted out and like figure out what all we have duplicates of like half cooking stuff back to his mom's and half cooking stuff to my mom. So we have like a normal human amount of stuff, and not like two kitchens worth of having our moms dump stuff on us because we're only sheltered
SPEAKER_L: There you go. Alright, you
SPEAKER_R: twice. Alan. No, but like that. But like, But like, but like, neither of us have siblings are like, we both just got like a ton of stuff dumped on us when we moved out.
SPEAKER_L: One more
SPEAKER_R: Why are parents? So it's like, here, you can have this one, you move up, you can have this when you move out here, you can have this when you move out. And so like, we had two apartments worth of that. It's like, why? Why mom? Why? So? We're like,
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: so like, as we take everything on the boxes, we have boxes set up to like, give back to each of our parents. It's like, okay, this goes back to this goes back to his parents house. This goes back to my parents house in this pile work we're just getting rid of because like,
SPEAKER_L: it's like we don't know what we're gonna do, like it's not our first time moving over here, we moved for his job and his parents helped us out with that move into the apartment, but now they're going to have to help us again, moved to our house, which isn't far away, it's like maybe 15 minutes away. And it's it's crazy because I I told my boyfriend, I'm like, is it right that we're having a house this early on Because it's only like 22 and I'm 19 and I'm like I don't know, I'm like this feels too weird like my parents don't even have a house yet so I'm scared for my life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'll be okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And how's college? Because like I never went to college so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: want to know.
SPEAKER_R: like, I actually graduated a year early because I just wanted to get out and do music. I was like, I'm, I'm done because I was going to double major in math and music and then I got like halfway through the massacre. I was like, I, I don't like, I was tired of suffering. It's like, you know, it's like I have way more meth and like most people will ever get to or hear of and I'm just like the entire reason I was doing this was because I was enjoying it. I am no longer enjoying it. I am suffering. And if I don't do and if I, you know, just do, just do the music that I can get out of here a year early and try to go do music things. So, and here I am doing doing food delivery. But you know, I like, you know, like I have this whole set up so that if I'm doing streaming or whatever, I have the um the whole hippie background to go with the whole
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty cool. I like it
SPEAKER_R: so yeah, so it's and it's like, well now now that we moved to like actually have an entire room for all of the music stuff instead of just like recording in a walk in closet. Like I've been doing for the last three years because
SPEAKER_L: digger.
SPEAKER_R: it was like, it's like, yeah, it's like because like when I was looking for apartments and my parents, I was I was like, okay, I have to find a giant walk in closet that I can shut the door and like have silence so I can actually do recording things. And like now I actually have like a whole room. And like it was funny because like, I was so like, yeah, so basically we have three floors but they're all like small. So it's like top is two bedrooms. The bottom the middle is like, you know, a living room and a dining room and the bottom is basement. Originally I was like I want the basement for all of my music things. And then when we got here I was like, you know what, I'm gonna switch spaces, you could have the basement, I'm going to take the top bedroom because there's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: two walk in closets that I can use as like if I want to do vocal isolation and not have the outside noise, I can still shut the door and go in there. But at the same time if I'm trying to do any of the instruments, I can actually do it. Not in a giant closet. Like the basement, like the acoustics didn't work out. There was like a little boy backroom thing that like it looks really cool. And we were touring the house and then I like and then by didn't because like the people that were here before I have like a bunch of clothes and stuff and they're you know on like racks and stuff like and then I went in there and it was and there was like An old washer and dryer and I was like in like two lights, like our motion center. And so when you walk by and turn, I'm like, you know, I'm not going to spend my life sitting sitting in a room where there was an old washer and dryer where the motion lights go on every 10 seconds. Uh because you know, so so we put his computer desk down there and I and so I got the top bedroom. So you know, it ended up working out. But it was really funny like we got here was like yeah I'm gonna because it's like I've been planning for like a month or two like okay this is where this is going to go, this is where this is going to go and try and plan everything. And then I got here like yeah no I'm switching that, switching this out because it's that good because it was like really echo and reverb you down there and it just it wouldn't have worked well for what I was trying to do it. I was like
SPEAKER_L: then it messes like with the whole thing, so
SPEAKER_R: yeah so it's like you know so this ended up working out better. But it's just funny it's like I spent like the last month and a half just like figuring out where everything was going to go and that I had in that such all around like well this is gonna work out better. But luckily I found out before we got anything in the house, like I figured it out when we got here and not like after we put a bunch of stuff in because that would have been really annoying to try to move everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Like
SPEAKER_R: Especially like up two flights of stairs. Just like, no.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can't do stairs, like I'm so weak.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's funny like this house has a, you know, a lot of stairs like, well we're going to be a lot better shape, you know, after living here for a while because we just have to grow up and down the stairs every day was like the first day I was here is like I'm too lazy to go back because you know, I was in the bedroom and I was like people used to go back downstairs and get I
SPEAKER_L: you need a main bridge upstairs. Yeah. But yeah, over here like I don't know, it's it was weird like when we first looked at the house, we didn't know what we were really getting into and even now I'm still kind of worried about it. Only because like, I guess I have a little bit of superstitions like when we got in there, everything was left behind. Like if something had happened and they just up and went, they left their closets forward, shoes with clothes, they left all of their furniture, they left dishes, they left, they're so they're so brazen. I was like, okay, what happened here? And like, did someone die? I'm like, because I don't want this house is someone right in it. And my boyfriend's like, no, they would have told us. I'm like, no, but like those people don't want to say shit when stuff happens like that. I'm like, I'm very
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: scared.
SPEAKER_R: I want you to not make the house. They want to just get it off their hands.
SPEAKER_L: And also it was very cheaper. You know, the amount of rooms it has and it's like a three bedroom with a really big living room, in a big, you know, two bathrooms And I'm like, something's not right here. I told him I'm like everything remained here. And then all I see is also some fucking creepy dolls. Like, yeah, because I walked into the daughter's room because I could tell it was the daughter's room because it had like a watermelon thing going
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: on and I walk into the washroom and I see a bunch of toys and I'm like, hmm and I see naked barbies everywhere just staring at me. And I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: I used
SPEAKER_R: creepy
SPEAKER_L: to not
SPEAKER_R: doll house.
SPEAKER_L: even to cry. I'm like, I hope nobody died in this house. And that's why they're trying to sell it because supposedly right now they're over in California and that they had to relocate. And I'm like, I hope they had to relocate. I'm like, but if you're going to relocate, why aren't you taking your furniture? Why aren't you taking your clothes, your shoes, your shampoo?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like he like we we ended up with a couple of things for the last people. Like they left two chairs in the business and the landlord college was like, so we're trying to outlast people left two chairs here, You whore on them. It was funny to like my boyfriend and I had like, because my parents drove the stuff down, you know, a couple of days later. So like, so like we had these two shares left over from the last people and we were just like sitting at the kitchen counter and eating it was great. So it's like, well we have two extra chairs now. But
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: Clayton,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like, don't get me wrong, like I love the furniture that they left behind them. Like can we have, it doesn't come with the house, they left you here. And he's like, no, they said that they're going to, you know, have someone take all their stuff out. I'm like, why didn't they take it out earlier? Because this house has been on the market for like a long time now. And that's why I'm kind of feeling superstitious because what made others didn't want. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I think we got this one right after it went up because because like, you know, because like, we were looking at places for several, you know, several weeks because we knew that we were going to move at the end of october beginning of november. And so like, I was like, looking at a bunch of places and like, we kept knocking places off the list was like, well, I don't live, you know, it's like, I don't live here, I don't live here, want this and this and this and this and this. So like, by the time we knocked all the requirements out, and I was trying to find somewhere that had enough space for music. We didn't we had some options. I was like, well, we're not getting anything that has less space than both of our apartments combined, because we have to stuff for that. But like, and then I and then I saw this one go up and I was like, and I looked as a really excited, like, it's perfect. It's perfect on my boyfriend was like, like, I had to convince him, I was like, look, and that's every single thing we wanted, It's perfect, like, and I eventually wanted over. But it was funny because like, um the people that were in this house were actually like, still here when we did the tour. So like, they were basically limiting it to only a few hours a week, so like, we're like, okay, well we can come down that day. So I think I think we ended up signing the least within a week of when this house had gone up for rent, because like, because we were like, that looks really good, and we should just come down here and tour it and make it, and we like, had already submitted the application and decided that we were doing it before, because like, so we came down here on a saturday, And like, his parents lived 15 minutes away, so, you know, we had a place to stay while we were down here, so we're like, well we're going to her monday, but we'll do this on saturday. And then we I think we're we work on tour like eight or nine places, and we ended up just canceling a couple of them, because we already knew that we had this house by monday when we had those who are scheduled, she was like, well, we already have some of these schedules, so we'll go ahead and just, you know, finish these out, because there's one place, like they didn't have any pictures up online, they had like, a little bit of a description and had been up for a couple of weeks. They were like, well let's go look at this because I'm kind of baffled.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hate when they do that. I've seen them do that a couple of times are like, I look at and I'm like, okay, that's shady. I'm like, why are you going to leave it with no pictures?
SPEAKER_R: Well the one thing that one that one of the things that I was doing was um like since we were looking at places that were being rented, we like if I found the address, I also tried to google it and sometimes I could come up with the address with like the last time it was sold. So like, I think this house had like not like eight or nine pictures on the rental sites. And then but like the um When I found the selling listing from, you know, five years ago, it had like 20 pictures. I was like, oh I got to see the entire rest of the house before we even go down there. That's convenient. It was like the first one we saw, so and like we knew we were going to take this one before we even came down here. Like as long as there's nothing that's like an immediate issue when we go to it, we're taking it. So
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: it was great because it ended up being because, you know, it's like the stress I'm actually looking for places was annoying for because like, you know what, I was looking every night for like a month or two and then like we found this place was like, okay, we're good, we don't have to worry about this and we just have to worry about moving.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like the process for us when we were looking for houses, it was kind of weird because we were, we were window shopping, we're like, we're not going in the house, you know, we're just looking and I'm like, okay. And then eventually it came to a point where it's like we have the savings, why not? Because right now the fricking market for houses is very cheap or at least cheaper than it was before. It has a pulpit, nobody has money right now. And I told him, I'm like, I guess we have to like, we don't want to be worrying later on for a house and like might as well. So we started looking at this house. And I also, it was one of those types words, like it didn't have many pictures, you had to go look at it. I told him I'm like, you're not taking me to some shady place. I'm like, I'm gonna get kidnapped. I'm like the work going to happen. And he's like, just give it a chance. And I'm like, I don't want it. I kept telling him like I was I was very determined. We were not getting this house. But when I walked in there like it's so pretty. But then they hear me, it's like why is everything's
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: is all
SPEAKER_L: here?
SPEAKER_R: of this?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm like, okay, I'm I get taunted. I told him like I'm taking my stage with me, I'm gonna collect it when I come in here. I'm like, because I've had too much trouble already with stuff like that. I don't know if you had experiences, but it's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, so, you know, so like it ended up working out fine after everything, but like their initial chaos of like trying to just sort of like figure out everything and like, and just the whole moving process, like since you're, you know, since you're a closed or you can, you know, you have your, you might be able to actually just like move the stuff a bit at a time once you if you have any over like,
SPEAKER_L: I hope you're hoping to do
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because like when we moved my boyfriend up to my apartment a few months ago, we ended up doing that and it was, you know, so we were like, oh this is fine. And then we like started the moving thing for this or like, oh, we have way more stuff than we realized. It was funny. It was like, we have a lot of stuff, like I've been telling you this for the last three months. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: open if it like in a U. Haul, like one of those big ones.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, well, the thing was, you know, it's like he had a bunch of computer stuff and I had a bunch of music stuff and it's like we could we like we wanted to have it all. But like we kept sending stuff to like our parents basements because like when we would come down here it's like okay here's a bunch of boxes for your for your basement. Yeah. So we were we were using that as a sort of temporary storage and so like we and like it was just like you wanted to move a bunch of his furniture was like we could have just like set some of your parents house, sort of my parents house and we would have had to walk all over. But yeah but you know now that we have a lot more stays life is better because like trying to like maneuver around a ton of stuff is like well, you know, we just didn't have room for it because like, you know, we both have been like, and I was like, we have their kitchen now so we don't have like all of the dishes and silver and like all of the cooking stuff ever flowing cause I have a bunch of cooking stuff. It's like actually counter space for all that now. So honey,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: because like
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: when his mom was over here helping us on back over the weekend, she was like, oh I'm so jealous of your kitchen. But like we have like, we have like a whole thing because like, you know, my parents had come down with the truck and like his parents lived 15 minutes away. So like our parents all met over the weekend for the first time and Edwards like Okay. And so like we just kind of like background, our parents kept talking the whole week. I was like, Okay, this is fine,
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that there
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: me?
SPEAKER_R: Really fine. But yeah, so like, you know, so so like, you know, it's like I'm finally starting to get to a point where I'm like actually back in sort of my normal functioning routine and not just like flailing around trying to pack everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sugar. Stop it. Oh my God. My cats, why didn't they just fight all the time? I have three of them. Oh my God. Like I swear like I I'm not going to have Children for a very long time because I can literally watch these suckers over here. They're already using so much trouble.
SPEAKER_R: What are your other cats names?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So I have tiger, I have precious. She was our first and then I have shadow and the first one I had to take her in because my mom wanted a pet and she unknowingly got herself into something. You know, she she didn't know about. So basically all the ad on craigslist was, you know, it stated all, you know, we need someone to take it okay, you know? And when we got there it was only like a week old, her eyes were barely like barely
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: opening and when that happened she's like, oh I can't take care of a baby. You know, it needs to be bottle fed. And I'm like, mom, I'm like, you're not going to give it back to the lady that gave it to you. I'm like, that's so bad. I'm like, no, I'm like, just give it to me. So you think precious to me. And at the time I had just moved in with my boyfriend and I was like, I'm like, his parents are the type of people, you know, you, you you need to like see if it's okay with them because they already had pets of their own. And I was like, so I went ahead and uh, you know, showed his parents the baby. And I'm like, look, I'm like, because the lady had told me that her her mother got ran over by a car, so the litter of kittens were left on their own and they
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: to Godal said, so, I was like, I have to go in there, like, okay, so I took care of it, but at the same time I had to work and I told my boyfriend like, here, like, you're not doing anything, you take care, okay. He's like, how does he send up on me and my I gotta work. I'm like, you you you take care of this. I'm like, you do that. He's like, what? I got to go to college, you know, at this time, it's my last year. I'm like, well, I'm like, the when you return to college, I'll quit my job, like, I'm more than happy to, but for now be a daddy. And of course he took care of her and then we switched off when finally he came from to do his last year of college and then it was great, she's a year old now, so she's healthy and then shadow, she was being abused by some people that just kept taking her in and out of their apartment and they had kids up forcing her. I was like, you know, messed up when I found her. So I took her and tiger was a christmas baby. He came to me randomly and I'm like okay, where'd you come from? I'm looking for the houses in the neighborhood asking around if this is your cat and nobody told me that this is my cat. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: is my
SPEAKER_L: drinking.
SPEAKER_R: guy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I guess it's my christmas present, it's christmas and I'm too young. It was, it was trippy and I'm like, man, I'm like they're all around the same age. It's crazy. It's so crazy. Like I don't, I don't get it like have you ever like rescued a cat? It's it's weird here having them a year now. It's crazy. I feel like I am an actual mother. It's scary. I'm never gonna have kids.
SPEAKER_R: wow. The first, the second day we were here there, I saw a big fluffy black cat in the backyard, but I haven't seen it since like it was it was fluffy, it was
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: like it was but I was going to go outside to try to say hi to it. It was gone. But
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: told my boyfriend, I'm like, when you collect all colors of the rainbow as much as Yeah, and he's like, no, it three's enough and then
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: like truthfully it is because when you have to clean their litter box, it's too much. So it's like, it's crazy. But yeah, I don't know and the weather will be here has been bipolar or I'm scared like it's one minute and then all of a sudden just a little bit of clouds come in and start training starts storming and I'm like right now is doing the same thing and I was scared,
SPEAKER_R: Four.
SPEAKER_L: I'm scared.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's been pretty nice here like it's starting to get a little bit cooler. But like it's funny because like, you know in the midwest, especially up in Ohio the joke is if you don't like the weather wait five minutes and it will change,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's my polar over there too. It's crazy like over here it's usually always hot. But the only switching that there is is whether it's sunny or whether it's going to rain and It's weird. It's just weird. You never know. Like even when it says on your phone, you know, it's not going to rain today, you know, 5%,, Not actually 5%, it's like a 50% and it just started.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: But have you been like doing anything to drink quarantine and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: I I do food deliveries, like I do like door dash and grub hub and all that. So like, you know, so I was I was busy driving like I was busy working and making money during all that. So like, you know, it's like it's fine, it started and then after that like when everything started opening up again he started getting slow again and it was like, oh because like I want one like the thing is like right now since I'm since I moved stays, I have to like um Reese I have to like resubmit insurance stuff for everything and like you know get insurance here instead of in Ohio because like Kentucky has different, has like another type of insurance that they need to no fault state. So it's like I have to deal with all that still so it's like, you know and between that and moving it's just been like everything has been chaos. It's like I'm finally starting to get like a couple of days of not complete chaos
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like does it pay good or do like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what does it depend on?
SPEAKER_R: I mean it depends on how busy it is, it depends on the day of the week, it depends on the weather. So like you know during winter and like when everything is closed was making twice as much as I normally did and like it was great and like, but you know when it's summer and everyone's out doing things outside their, you know, it's not nearly as good, then once you hit usually once you hit like october november, it starts picking back up again was like right now I need to like go resubmit for everything, but like I'm signed up for everything, I'm signed up for the food delivery thing and sign up for grocery delivery and sign up for amazon packages, so you know, I've been doing it for three years so you know it works out well enough,
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. So I
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: do like switch off like from like one thing to another
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: mean, my primary thing is food delivery and you know if your dad and grandmother is low then I'll start trying trying everything else, but like, you know, it's like I have my default ones that I normally start with and then I just kind of go down the list depending on how things are because it's like, you know, it's like if you're if it's earlier in the day of the grocery ones can be better but they end up being more effort for but a lot of times I end up being more efforts to actually walk through the store and get the things. It's like I've given my given my druthers, I would rather just go walk, walk into the restaurant, grab food, drop it off, but like if that's not happening and I want to make money I have a you know I have a whole bunch of other options.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah. Like I, I know my mom, my mom tried doing doordash and like, I don't know for some reason I guess the location like she, she wasn't making like a lot of money. I don't know like it was different and I told her I might try. Uber eats. Try you know post
SPEAKER_R: Well they're all you know it varies depending on your area. And like the thing is is like like I actually started right after door dash cam to Cincinnati so like I was so like I watched it go from like there's one restaurant every five miles to every single restaurant is on door dash now And so you know, so it's like there used to be areas that were completely dead and now if you go there's like 10 different restaurants that are are on it. It's like, you know, it's like kind of have to figure out where the busy spots are and you know in some areas are busier than others, but like if you're signed up for everything, you can usually get something because like a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: talked
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: over there.
SPEAKER_R: like I would just like, like sometimes I just like leave a bunch of on it once and just see what, see what I get because like my
SPEAKER_L: I'm hoping.
SPEAKER_R: Because like my acceptance rates like 10% because I just like not doing that, not doing that, not doing that, not doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I didn't know how it worked either. Like none of our family really ever used that. And I told her I'm like trying to see like if there's people explaining how to do it like on Youtube or
SPEAKER_R: Well there's a lot of facebook groups to fuse on facebook like if you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you just look up door, dash drivers or uh Uber eats drivers or group of drivers or whatever. Then like a lot of times there's also, you know there's local groups and there's also like national groups that are, you know, it's like try not to spend too much time on facebook now, but like especially when you know, especially when you're starting that you can get a lot of stuff really. Like you can pick up a lot pretty quickly because like you know there's a there's a little bit of a learning curve when you first start. But then you know once you, once you've been doing it for a while they're all pretty much the same and then you sign up for more. It's like okay, I get it. I think our time is pretty much up. I think we got the 25 minutes in.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, great. All right. So it was nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Good luck with the house.
SPEAKER_L: Thank