Uh huh. Yeah, But it's important, Yeah. Uh Oh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, jane. Okay. I never had. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right time.
I love your background. It's so pretty.
Well,
it's so pretty.
I
love
I
love you Rambo.
Is it like one of those posters or it's
like an actual
blanket type of thing?
You need? I need one of those.
Is that like, like there's a different a bunch of different ways to put it like the thumbtacks and then I was also looking like the tape.
All
that's me.
So do you have any pets?
Oh, that's cool. Yeah. And what part of uh like what part are you from?
Yeah. Okay. That's that's pretty good.
that's nice.
Like
Yeah. Over here and living in an apartment to and me and my boyfriend just bought a house. And it's like it feels very weird because it's like I'm not ready for a house. It's, I feel
to it,
you know, like that sounds cool like renting one and I'm like, I'm scared to actually have when I'm like, oh god, I'm like so stressed out in the whole process has taken like literally about like two months and we're still going to get the house and I'm like how does this work? He handles all of it, and I just sit back and like uh
There you go. Alright, you
One more
Crazy.
it's like we don't know what we're gonna do, like it's not our first time moving over here, we moved for his job and his parents helped us out with that move into the apartment, but now they're going to have to help us again, moved to our house, which isn't far away, it's like maybe 15 minutes away. And it's it's crazy because I I told my boyfriend, I'm like, is it right that we're having a house this early on Because it's only like 22 and I'm 19 and I'm like I don't know, I'm like this feels too weird like my parents don't even have a house yet so I'm scared for my life.
And how's college? Because like I never went to college so
I
want to know.
that's pretty cool. I like it
digger.
What?
then it messes like with the whole thing, so
sure. Like
yeah, I can't do stairs, like I'm so weak.
you need a main bridge upstairs. Yeah. But yeah, over here like I don't know, it's it was weird like when we first looked at the house, we didn't know what we were really getting into and even now I'm still kind of worried about it. Only because like, I guess I have a little bit of superstitions like when we got in there, everything was left behind. Like if something had happened and they just up and went, they left their closets forward, shoes with clothes, they left all of their furniture, they left dishes, they left, they're so they're so brazen. I was like, okay, what happened here? And like, did someone die? I'm like, because I don't want this house is someone right in it. And my boyfriend's like, no, they would have told us. I'm like, no, but like those people don't want to say shit when stuff happens like that. I'm like, I'm very
scared.
And also it was very cheaper. You know, the amount of rooms it has and it's like a three bedroom with a really big living room, in a big, you know, two bathrooms And I'm like, something's not right here. I told him I'm like everything remained here. And then all I see is also some fucking creepy dolls. Like, yeah, because I walked into the daughter's room because I could tell it was the daughter's room because it had like a watermelon thing going
on and I walk into the washroom and I see a bunch of toys and I'm like, hmm and I see naked barbies everywhere just staring at me. And I'm like,
I used
to not
even to cry. I'm like, I hope nobody died in this house. And that's why they're trying to sell it because supposedly right now they're over in California and that they had to relocate. And I'm like, I hope they had to relocate. I'm like, but if you're going to relocate, why aren't you taking your furniture? Why aren't you taking your clothes, your shoes, your shampoo?
like
Clayton,
like, don't get me wrong, like I love the furniture that they left behind them. Like can we have, it doesn't come with the house, they left you here. And he's like, no, they said that they're going to, you know, have someone take all their stuff out. I'm like, why didn't they take it out earlier? Because this house has been on the market for like a long time now. And that's why I'm kind of feeling superstitious because what made others didn't want. Okay.
Yeah. I hate when they do that. I've seen them do that a couple of times are like, I look at and I'm like, okay, that's shady. I'm like, why are you going to leave it with no pictures?
here.
Yeah. Like the process for us when we were looking for houses, it was kind of weird because we were, we were window shopping, we're like, we're not going in the house, you know, we're just looking and I'm like, okay. And then eventually it came to a point where it's like we have the savings, why not? Because right now the fricking market for houses is very cheap or at least cheaper than it was before. It has a pulpit, nobody has money right now. And I told him, I'm like, I guess we have to like, we don't want to be worrying later on for a house and like might as well. So we started looking at this house. And I also, it was one of those types words, like it didn't have many pictures, you had to go look at it. I told him I'm like, you're not taking me to some shady place. I'm like, I'm gonna get kidnapped. I'm like the work going to happen. And he's like, just give it a chance. And I'm like, I don't want it. I kept telling him like I was I was very determined. We were not getting this house. But when I walked in there like it's so pretty. But then they hear me, it's like why is everything's
going
here?
Yeah. I'm like, okay, I'm I get taunted. I told him like I'm taking my stage with me, I'm gonna collect it when I come in here. I'm like, because I've had too much trouble already with stuff like that. I don't know if you had experiences, but it's terrible.
I hope you're hoping to do
open if it like in a U. Haul, like one of those big ones.
That's
good.
Was
that there
for
me?
Yeah. Sugar. Stop it. Oh my God. My cats, why didn't they just fight all the time? I have three of them. Oh my God. Like I swear like I I'm not going to have Children for a very long time because I can literally watch these suckers over here. They're already using so much trouble.
Uh So I have tiger, I have precious. She was our first and then I have shadow and the first one I had to take her in because my mom wanted a pet and she unknowingly got herself into something. You know, she she didn't know about. So basically all the ad on craigslist was, you know, it stated all, you know, we need someone to take it okay, you know? And when we got there it was only like a week old, her eyes were barely like barely
opening and when that happened she's like, oh I can't take care of a baby. You know, it needs to be bottle fed. And I'm like, mom, I'm like, you're not going to give it back to the lady that gave it to you. I'm like, that's so bad. I'm like, no, I'm like, just give it to me. So you think precious to me. And at the time I had just moved in with my boyfriend and I was like, I'm like, his parents are the type of people, you know, you, you you need to like see if it's okay with them because they already had pets of their own. And I was like, so I went ahead and uh, you know, showed his parents the baby. And I'm like, look, I'm like, because the lady had told me that her her mother got ran over by a car, so the litter of kittens were left on their own and they
have
to Godal said, so, I was like, I have to go in there, like, okay, so I took care of it, but at the same time I had to work and I told my boyfriend like, here, like, you're not doing anything, you take care, okay. He's like, how does he send up on me and my I gotta work. I'm like, you you you take care of this. I'm like, you do that. He's like, what? I got to go to college, you know, at this time, it's my last year. I'm like, well, I'm like, the when you return to college, I'll quit my job, like, I'm more than happy to, but for now be a daddy. And of course he took care of her and then we switched off when finally he came from to do his last year of college and then it was great, she's a year old now, so she's healthy and then shadow, she was being abused by some people that just kept taking her in and out of their apartment and they had kids up forcing her. I was like, you know, messed up when I found her. So I took her and tiger was a christmas baby. He came to me randomly and I'm like okay, where'd you come from? I'm looking for the houses in the neighborhood asking around if this is your cat and nobody told me that this is my cat. Yes,
it's
my
drinking.
Yeah. Like I guess it's my christmas present, it's christmas and I'm too young. It was, it was trippy and I'm like, man, I'm like they're all around the same age. It's crazy. It's so crazy. Like I don't, I don't get it like have you ever like rescued a cat? It's it's weird here having them a year now. It's crazy. I feel like I am an actual mother. It's scary. I'm never gonna have kids.
Well
I
told my boyfriend, I'm like, when you collect all colors of the rainbow as much as Yeah, and he's like, no, it three's enough and then
like truthfully it is because when you have to clean their litter box, it's too much. So it's like, it's crazy. But yeah, I don't know and the weather will be here has been bipolar or I'm scared like it's one minute and then all of a sudden just a little bit of clouds come in and start training starts storming and I'm like right now is doing the same thing and I was scared,
I'm scared.
Yeah, so it's my polar over there too. It's crazy like over here it's usually always hot. But the only switching that there is is whether it's sunny or whether it's going to rain and It's weird. It's just weird. You never know. Like even when it says on your phone, you know, it's not going to rain today, you know, 5%,, Not actually 5%, it's like a 50% and it just started.
But have you been like doing anything to drink quarantine and
like,
you know.
Yeah. And like does it pay good or do like
what does it depend on?
That's cool. So I
do like switch off like from like one thing to another
or
oh yeah. Like I, I know my mom, my mom tried doing doordash and like, I don't know for some reason I guess the location like she, she wasn't making like a lot of money. I don't know like it was different and I told her I might try. Uber eats. Try you know post
I
talked
over there.
I'm hoping.
Yeah. Because I didn't know how it worked either. Like none of our family really ever used that. And I told her I'm like trying to see like if there's people explaining how to do it like on Youtube or
I
don't know.
Oh, great. All right. So it was nice meeting you.
All right. Well, have a good day.
Thank