and what?
Thank you. I just I just finished setting up, they just finished moving over the weekend and I was like, oh
I should put that out before I do this.
Thank you.
I wanted
to, I've
had
fallen and I just like cabin in the background, like any video thing I do.
It
worked.
It's like sheet material. Like, like it's like a it's like a tapestry thing. It's like, it's like, it's like, it feels like a sheet. So like it's actually hanging up with scotch tape,
it's like over the last several years, I figured out the best way to put it up. Is it to use any of the little sticky things? I literally just scotch tape across the top of it. Yeah.
Yeah, Scott. Like this has been enough that like, I just have like Scotch tape every like 4" across the top of it. And it keeps it up because like when I was in college, the um in my dorm, the ceiling above my bed was planted like this. So I was kind of sleeping in the corner, but like the way that I had it up, it would fall down every once in a while. And so I just wake up with this on top of it was like I have, there has been a better and then I finally I finally got to stabilize and like, you know at this point now that I have it like
actually hanging vertically and not like diagonally and I have all the tape, it actually stays up. Like all the tape stays on, it stays up for a year at a time until I need to take it down.
So
I don't, I want like, so I just moved to like I still have like budget of boxes everywhere so that that this is so it's like it's been an adventure. Mhm.
Um So I'm from Cincinnati, I'm in Louisville now, so I moved like two hours.
But yeah, so it was funny because like, so my boyfriend and I just like his lease was up three months before my mind was up and then we were coming back to Louisville after that. So we had two apartments worth of stuff in one apartment, and now we finally actually split it out into like an entire house where there's actually room for all of our crap
because
like just like we spent the last three months just like tripping over boxes and furniture and just like there's not enough room for this year.
we're
there, yeah, we're renting a house. So like we have the space of the house without having to actually deal with any of the responsibilities of it and it's great.
No, my boyfriend want to just sit back and it's like, what am I doing? Like a fine I'll do it because otherwise not well, but yeah. You know, it's like, because it's like we spent like a few days just like getting everything together and cleaning everything and then to like, and so, you know, so like our parents helped us move everything in, like to move all the boxes in. So it's like we have the boxes we have and we have fed set up. Like there's just gonna be boxes everywhere for weeks until we get everything sorted out and like figure out what all we have duplicates of like half cooking stuff back to his mom's and half cooking stuff to my mom. So we have like a normal human amount of stuff, and not like two kitchens worth of having our moms dump stuff on us because we're only sheltered
twice. Alan. No, but like that. But like, But like, but like, neither of us have siblings are like, we both just got like a ton of stuff dumped on us when we moved out.
Why are parents? So it's like, here, you can have this one, you move up, you can have this when you move out here, you can have this when you move out. And so like, we had two apartments worth of that. It's like, why? Why mom? Why? So? We're like,
so like, as we take everything on the boxes, we have boxes set up to like, give back to each of our parents. It's like, okay, this goes back to this goes back to his parents house. This goes back to my parents house in this pile work we're just getting rid of because like,
Yeah. I'll be okay. Mhm.
I
mean,
like, I actually graduated a year early because I just wanted to get out and do music. I was like, I'm, I'm done because I was going to double major in math and music and then I got like halfway through the massacre. I was like, I, I don't like, I was tired of suffering. It's like, you know, it's like I have way more meth and like most people will ever get to or hear of and I'm just like the entire reason I was doing this was because I was enjoying it. I am no longer enjoying it. I am suffering. And if I don't do and if I, you know, just do, just do the music that I can get out of here a year early and try to go do music things. So, and here I am doing doing food delivery. But you know, I like, you know, like I have this whole set up so that if I'm doing streaming or whatever, I have the um the whole hippie background to go with the whole
so yeah, so it's and it's like, well now now that we moved to like actually have an entire room for all of the music stuff instead of just like recording in a walk in closet. Like I've been doing for the last three years because
it was like, it's like, yeah, it's like because like when I was looking for apartments and my parents, I was I was like, okay, I have to find a giant walk in closet that I can shut the door and like have silence so I can actually do recording things. And like now I actually have like a whole room. And like it was funny because like, I was so like, yeah, so basically we have three floors but they're all like small. So it's like top is two bedrooms. The bottom the middle is like, you know, a living room and a dining room and the bottom is basement. Originally I was like I want the basement for all of my music things. And then when we got here I was like, you know what, I'm gonna switch spaces, you could have the basement, I'm going to take the top bedroom because there's
two walk in closets that I can use as like if I want to do vocal isolation and not have the outside noise, I can still shut the door and go in there. But at the same time if I'm trying to do any of the instruments, I can actually do it. Not in a giant closet. Like the basement, like the acoustics didn't work out. There was like a little boy backroom thing that like it looks really cool. And we were touring the house and then I like and then by didn't because like the people that were here before I have like a bunch of clothes and stuff and they're you know on like racks and stuff like and then I went in there and it was and there was like An old washer and dryer and I was like in like two lights, like our motion center. And so when you walk by and turn, I'm like, you know, I'm not going to spend my life sitting sitting in a room where there was an old washer and dryer where the motion lights go on every 10 seconds. Uh because you know, so so we put his computer desk down there and I and so I got the top bedroom. So you know, it ended up working out. But it was really funny like we got here was like yeah I'm gonna because it's like I've been planning for like a month or two like okay this is where this is going to go, this is where this is going to go and try and plan everything. And then I got here like yeah no I'm switching that, switching this out because it's that good because it was like really echo and reverb you down there and it just it wouldn't have worked well for what I was trying to do it. I was like
yeah so it's like you know so this ended up working out better. But it's just funny it's like I spent like the last month and a half just like figuring out where everything was going to go and that I had in that such all around like well this is gonna work out better. But luckily I found out before we got anything in the house, like I figured it out when we got here and not like after we put a bunch of stuff in because that would have been really annoying to try to move everything. Yeah.
Especially like up two flights of stairs. Just like, no.
Well, it's funny like this house has a, you know, a lot of stairs like, well we're going to be a lot better shape, you know, after living here for a while because we just have to grow up and down the stairs every day was like the first day I was here is like I'm too lazy to go back because you know, I was in the bedroom and I was like people used to go back downstairs and get I
No,
I want you to not make the house. They want to just get it off their hands.
Well
no,
creepy
doll house.
Yeah. Like he like we we ended up with a couple of things for the last people. Like they left two chairs in the business and the landlord college was like, so we're trying to outlast people left two chairs here, You whore on them. It was funny to like my boyfriend and I had like, because my parents drove the stuff down, you know, a couple of days later. So like, so like we had these two shares left over from the last people and we were just like sitting at the kitchen counter and eating it was great. So it's like, well we have two extra chairs now. But
now
that's
I think we got this one right after it went up because because like, you know, because like, we were looking at places for several, you know, several weeks because we knew that we were going to move at the end of october beginning of november. And so like, I was like, looking at a bunch of places and like, we kept knocking places off the list was like, well, I don't live, you know, it's like, I don't live here, I don't live here, want this and this and this and this and this. So like, by the time we knocked all the requirements out, and I was trying to find somewhere that had enough space for music. We didn't we had some options. I was like, well, we're not getting anything that has less space than both of our apartments combined, because we have to stuff for that. But like, and then I and then I saw this one go up and I was like, and I looked as a really excited, like, it's perfect. It's perfect on my boyfriend was like, like, I had to convince him, I was like, look, and that's every single thing we wanted, It's perfect, like, and I eventually wanted over. But it was funny because like, um the people that were in this house were actually like, still here when we did the tour. So like, they were basically limiting it to only a few hours a week, so like, we're like, okay, well we can come down that day. So I think I think we ended up signing the least within a week of when this house had gone up for rent, because like, because we were like, that looks really good, and we should just come down here and tour it and make it, and we like, had already submitted the application and decided that we were doing it before, because like, so we came down here on a saturday, And like, his parents lived 15 minutes away, so, you know, we had a place to stay while we were down here, so we're like, well we're going to her monday, but we'll do this on saturday. And then we I think we're we work on tour like eight or nine places, and we ended up just canceling a couple of them, because we already knew that we had this house by monday when we had those who are scheduled, she was like, well, we already have some of these schedules, so we'll go ahead and just, you know, finish these out, because there's one place, like they didn't have any pictures up online, they had like, a little bit of a description and had been up for a couple of weeks. They were like, well let's go look at this because I'm kind of baffled.
Well the one thing that one that one of the things that I was doing was um like since we were looking at places that were being rented, we like if I found the address, I also tried to google it and sometimes I could come up with the address with like the last time it was sold. So like, I think this house had like not like eight or nine pictures on the rental sites. And then but like the um When I found the selling listing from, you know, five years ago, it had like 20 pictures. I was like, oh I got to see the entire rest of the house before we even go down there. That's convenient. It was like the first one we saw, so and like we knew we were going to take this one before we even came down here. Like as long as there's nothing that's like an immediate issue when we go to it, we're taking it. So
it was great because it ended up being because, you know, it's like the stress I'm actually looking for places was annoying for because like, you know what, I was looking every night for like a month or two and then like we found this place was like, okay, we're good, we don't have to worry about this and we just have to worry about moving.
Why
is all
of this?
But yeah, so, you know, so like it ended up working out fine after everything, but like their initial chaos of like trying to just sort of like figure out everything and like, and just the whole moving process, like since you're, you know, since you're a closed or you can, you know, you have your, you might be able to actually just like move the stuff a bit at a time once you if you have any over like,
Yeah, because like when we moved my boyfriend up to my apartment a few months ago, we ended up doing that and it was, you know, so we were like, oh this is fine. And then we like started the moving thing for this or like, oh, we have way more stuff than we realized. It was funny. It was like, we have a lot of stuff, like I've been telling you this for the last three months. Okay.
I mean, well, the thing was, you know, it's like he had a bunch of computer stuff and I had a bunch of music stuff and it's like we could we like we wanted to have it all. But like we kept sending stuff to like our parents basements because like when we would come down here it's like okay here's a bunch of boxes for your for your basement. Yeah. So we were we were using that as a sort of temporary storage and so like we and like it was just like you wanted to move a bunch of his furniture was like we could have just like set some of your parents house, sort of my parents house and we would have had to walk all over. But yeah but you know now that we have a lot more stays life is better because like trying to like maneuver around a ton of stuff is like well, you know, we just didn't have room for it because like, you know, we both have been like, and I was like, we have their kitchen now so we don't have like all of the dishes and silver and like all of the cooking stuff ever flowing cause I have a bunch of cooking stuff. It's like actually counter space for all that now. So honey,
because like
when his mom was over here helping us on back over the weekend, she was like, oh I'm so jealous of your kitchen. But like we have like, we have like a whole thing because like, you know, my parents had come down with the truck and like his parents lived 15 minutes away. So like our parents all met over the weekend for the first time and Edwards like Okay. And so like we just kind of like background, our parents kept talking the whole week. I was like, Okay, this is fine,
like
I'm
fine.
Really fine. But yeah, so like, you know, so so like, you know, it's like I'm finally starting to get to a point where I'm like actually back in sort of my normal functioning routine and not just like flailing around trying to pack everything. Yeah.
What are your other cats names?
Well
More
on.
now
this
is my
guy.
wow. The first, the second day we were here there, I saw a big fluffy black cat in the backyard, but I haven't seen it since like it was it was fluffy, it was
like it was but I was going to go outside to try to say hi to it. It was gone. But
but
no.
Four.
Yeah. It's been pretty nice here like it's starting to get a little bit cooler. But like it's funny because like, you know in the midwest, especially up in Ohio the joke is if you don't like the weather wait five minutes and it will change,
Thank you.
I
mean
I I do food deliveries, like I do like door dash and grub hub and all that. So like, you know, so I was I was busy driving like I was busy working and making money during all that. So like, you know, it's like it's fine, it started and then after that like when everything started opening up again he started getting slow again and it was like, oh because like I want one like the thing is like right now since I'm since I moved stays, I have to like um Reese I have to like resubmit insurance stuff for everything and like you know get insurance here instead of in Ohio because like Kentucky has different, has like another type of insurance that they need to no fault state. So it's like I have to deal with all that still so it's like, you know and between that and moving it's just been like everything has been chaos. It's like I'm finally starting to get like a couple of days of not complete chaos
and
I mean it depends on how busy it is, it depends on the day of the week, it depends on the weather. So like you know during winter and like when everything is closed was making twice as much as I normally did and like it was great and like, but you know when it's summer and everyone's out doing things outside their, you know, it's not nearly as good, then once you hit usually once you hit like october november, it starts picking back up again was like right now I need to like go resubmit for everything, but like I'm signed up for everything, I'm signed up for the food delivery thing and sign up for grocery delivery and sign up for amazon packages, so you know, I've been doing it for three years so you know it works out well enough,
what
I
mean, my primary thing is food delivery and you know if your dad and grandmother is low then I'll start trying trying everything else, but like, you know, it's like I have my default ones that I normally start with and then I just kind of go down the list depending on how things are because it's like, you know, it's like if you're if it's earlier in the day of the grocery ones can be better but they end up being more effort for but a lot of times I end up being more efforts to actually walk through the store and get the things. It's like I've given my given my druthers, I would rather just go walk, walk into the restaurant, grab food, drop it off, but like if that's not happening and I want to make money I have a you know I have a whole bunch of other options.
Well they're all you know it varies depending on your area. And like the thing is is like like I actually started right after door dash cam to Cincinnati so like I was so like I watched it go from like there's one restaurant every five miles to every single restaurant is on door dash now And so you know, so it's like there used to be areas that were completely dead and now if you go there's like 10 different restaurants that are are on it. It's like, you know, it's like kind of have to figure out where the busy spots are and you know in some areas are busier than others, but like if you're signed up for everything, you can usually get something because like a
lot
just
like I would just like, like sometimes I just like leave a bunch of on it once and just see what, see what I get because like my
Because like my acceptance rates like 10% because I just like not doing that, not doing that, not doing that, not doing that.
Well there's a lot of facebook groups to fuse on facebook like if you
just,
you know, you just look up door, dash drivers or uh Uber eats drivers or group of drivers or whatever. Then like a lot of times there's also, you know there's local groups and there's also like national groups that are, you know, it's like try not to spend too much time on facebook now, but like especially when you know, especially when you're starting that you can get a lot of stuff really. Like you can pick up a lot pretty quickly because like you know there's a there's a little bit of a learning curve when you first start. But then you know once you, once you've been doing it for a while they're all pretty much the same and then you sign up for more. It's like okay, I get it. I think our time is pretty much up. I think we got the 25 minutes in.
Yeah. You too.
You too. Good luck with the house.