SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: R. E. O.
SPEAKER_L: Good how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. For a monday afternoon.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just took my car in to go get a flat tire fixed so
SPEAKER_L: Oh well it could be
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: better.
SPEAKER_R: you know, it could be worse. I knew in advance and there and so I called them and I was like, hey, can you guys just have this tire for me when I bring it in? So you know, it's better than it used to be because I got a new car like six months ago. And so like now I have run flat tires so if I get a flat I can just keep driving on it for another few miles and I don't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: have to contain the tire in the rain. So
SPEAKER_L: that's fair.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's useful. How's your day?
SPEAKER_L: it's all right you know been working had a boring women are but you know it is what it is
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So now you get to sit on the computer and talks more. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: at least for the webinar I was only listening so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But yeah. So so I did a lot of Hillary driving because I do all the different apps. So I so like I drive like, so I drive a ton and so I did a lot of flight time. Mm
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: And so like the tire, like the tire plays like they know me what I'm called. They're like, oh what's up now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh you just have a lot of potholes or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm in Cincinnati. The roads here are terrible. Like the roads because my boyfriend actually moved up here from Lebanon, he was like your roads are really bad. Like your roads are really, really bad. Yeah. And like given, given that I drive like, you know a lot given how much I drive the roads are pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure I've
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: heard not so great things about Ohio roads in general Cincinnati
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're compiling general. That's fair. Like it's I'm like, we're I'm like I finally moving away from Ohio for the first time. Very like the first time outside of going to college like a month. And I'm really excited because like the goal of my whole life has just been get out of Ohio
SPEAKER_L: where are you heading?
SPEAKER_R: little. So like it's like two hours away, like, my boyfriend's from there and so like, we're like, we have no reason to be here right now and we could just go there and not be here and it'll be great.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's like, there's a joke about what about Ohio is so bad. That makes so many people go be astronauts and literally leave the planet, which isn't wrong. Can
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: confirm having been here my whole life. That is not inaccurate.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I haven't spent a whole lot of time in Ohio. Um But I have spent some time in Middletown and yeah. Yeah. Good. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But yeah. Well, I'm like, some of the food delivery thing, like, they try to send me all different directions
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: and it's like, and so it's like, you know, it's like, they sometimes they like trying to send me out in the middle of nowhere. Like, I'm close enough to like the top of the suburbs. Like there's like, oh, here, go drive through these fields for the next 20 minutes. You're going these backgrounds or there's like this big windy road and trees
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and like this big metal wire fed so you don't fall off a cliff and by a cliff, you know, down into the, the bottom of the forest. But it's like you watch all those dumb movies where they like have a car roll off the side for some comedic effect or something like those are actually the kind of rose. Like if you're back in the back of the woods, that's what you get. Like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: why not? With it being bad road? It's not a great driving talk.
SPEAKER_L: yeah but uh no
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thanks
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: was great during like um the quarantine and like, you know, all the shutdown and stuff because like no one was leaving the house and so I was like, and so like, and everyone is ordering food and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: so and so it's just like, there's no traffic. All the food was ready every time I got anywhere it was
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: grammy and then everything back up and I was like man now now everything is like back and the things I want to do is still aren't open and and like well and like whenever it's like if everything is gonna be closed just close everything so that the driving people can at least make good night just like I can't do anything else, I might as well just go to work a bunch and make twice as much as I normally do and then when everything's back open I can do things I don't have heard about it. Yeah like now what is really slow? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it'll be a while before we have this in hand I'm sure so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well like you know it's like it's starting to get to winter now so it'll start picking back up again but it's like you know might as well work the hours are making twice as much and then I can just mess around and not have to do anything the rest of time.
SPEAKER_L: I mean yeah this makes sense to do that so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's like I I tried, you know, it's like I'm trying to get a whole music thing going, it's like it's easier to do that if I have more time to just sit around at home and not drive around all the time. But like, but at the same time like I wasn't getting in anywhere with that, which is why I started trying to do so much driving in the first place. So
SPEAKER_L: Care.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, so it's like, you know what, I've been doing the whole driving thing for three years, like Yeah, I should like actually try to do something else at some point in my life.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So music thing, what are you what are you trying to get going?
SPEAKER_R: So so so I write songs, I have that I try to get a new original song up every week on like, SoundCloud. And I have, and like, I try to do a streaming show every week, but like, so, so my laptop died a couple, like a week and a half ago. So that through a nice big wrench in my plan of and also the fact that I'm like trying to pack up everything to be about to move, so it's just like, yeah, I'll just deal with it in a few weeks. But it's like, I've been trying, you know, it's like, I've been trying to get myself into a better schedule where it's like, I do, you know, I do a little bit of everything every day, so I'm not trying to just like, throw myself into the big recording, saying and be like, oh yes, I'm going to record everything today because I just builds up in my brain I can't do it like because it's like I avoid it because it's like I ended up avoiding it for so long, but like, like I just couldn't for a while now. It's like, okay, I'm going to force myself to at least sit into the record button every day even if it doesn't turn out well. So like Ellen's like, I have this whole peace sign thing that accused I have is the background of my videos. So it's like I have this whole videos things set up for being able to just pull the things like this is like, oh yeah, I can just like sit up, sit up the sand and so and then be able to pull that off without too much trouble. It was like, it was like, I have the whole space. I just have like a giant walk in closet that was like the primary thing I was looking for. When I look for an apartment and when I move, I'm gonna have like all basement to be able to like throw everything, put all the music stuff together. I'm not going to have to trip over stuff to get in and out of the closet and try to record things. It's like I've been I've been trying to like figure out how the ideal thing would work. It's like okay if I actually have a recording basement where I can just have all this stuff and be sitting near it every day and not have to like consciously go over a mental hurdle every time I want to try to do something, it might make it a little bit easier.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I mean having a dedicated space for something definitely makes it easier. Like at the start of all this lockdown thing uh transferred into working from home, well all I had was a crappy little laptop and I was like, well this is going to be interesting, tight green from like I went from dual monitors to tiny screen, no dedicated workspace. And finally I did, I just caved because every year we have, right before school starts, we have our tax for a weekend. And so people go out and buy like a bunch of school stuff, they buy like all their electronics and whatnot. So I was like, you know what, I'm going to get myself a desktop and actually give myself a dedicated workspace.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. If you're if you're going to spend a lot of time doing it, you you do end up meeting it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I still screw off a lot, but you know.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it happens but yeah, so it's like, you know, so it's like and so it's like I have like a backup recordings. I said well I have like a little um recorder thing that I can just like hit all the buttons without having to go through my computer. But like it's a little bit because it's like I used to do things with that like eight years ago, like I still have it sitting around but like I like I just got into a good system at a good rhythm and I was going to get my first time together in like a month and a half because like, so I wrote a song about the fly that landed on mike, Pence's head at the debate and I plan and playing it on bed. It is, it is, it is, it is like I woke up like because I hadn't written anything like couple in like a month or so and I woke up, you know, a week or two guys like and I I just I had the beginning of this song in my head about the flight was like I have to go write a song now, don't I? You know, I'm trying to get sort of all the pieces together so I can just like, if it's like when I have an idea and I finally get it fully work out, I can just pick everything up in record without having to get over like the mental hurdles that are in the way, it's like I've I've been trying to work around the mental hurdles for so long, it's like I'm finally starting to make progress with them a little bit so and it is a it is a long life long process when it comes to guest
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I get that. You leave something long enough and you're like, oh God, do I really, really have to do this?
SPEAKER_R: wanna at the same time like there's sort of a dual thing of like trying to make sure it's perfect and that and then psyching myself out over that and like if I don't have time to make this perfect right, I shouldn't even bother to start trying to do it and then I just don't do it for weeks at a time and then eventually it's like and then eventually it gets to the point where it's like I would start thinking about recording like no can't do that. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: My brother in law likes to draw and so right now he's working on something for me and my sister because we want to get matching tattoos, so it's like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I know this isn't your wheelhouse because he, it's like animal based and he tends to do like very, very detailed character work,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like can you draw all this or as will you, will you please? He's like, sure, I've asked him about it, he was like, yeah, I just, it doesn't look how I wanted to look yet and I'm just like, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Welcome to the life of an artist.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. He fully admits he's like, this isn't my wheelhouse and that's part of the problem. And the other part of the problem is he's just such a perfectionist. Like he, he doesn't feel like it's good enough yet.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Yeah there's like there's a classic line, the Perfect is the enemy of the good but I heard a variation on it that I like even better. The Perfect is the enemy of the done. What ever
SPEAKER_L: If you want it to be perfect, it will never be done.
SPEAKER_R: reminder app on my phone that's like that like that like fees me random things around the day. I'm like, I started like I put it on like a month ago, I started out with just just, you know, sort of like mindfulness stuff. Like take a deep breath and I eventually switch it to, you know, try to do this if you aren't doing anything, do this instead move on. If you aren't getting anything accomplished, it's working a little bit better. But I have the Perfect is the enemy of the dying thing on there because I really like that. I think, I think I heard it, I went to this independent musician conference and like, I don't remember who said that. It might, it might have been the compliments guy that started Patreon. Like, like it was either him or someone similar to him who said that. I was like, that's a really good point and I need to just keep that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think a lot of people, it would do them a lot of good to internalize that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, It's like if you like, you know, because like if you try to, because it's like, if you just realize that like it's not going to get done if you just keep perfecting on it, I have learned that in my entire life. Do I always apply that now just because you previously realized that it does not mean you figured out how to play it? Yes. But yeah, so that's, that's been an interesting thing one like, you know, it's like since everything slowed down and sort of try because my original goal was that I was going to try to do All the driving stuff full time for like three years and get to 10,000 orders on Doordash, which was the first time I started on and then I was just short, it's just short of that and they're like, oh everyone is taking too long, like they started getting really picky on letting people do things. It's like okay, well that's that's getting rough now. So I was like well I guess I'm gonna try to do music. Yeah, because because like, you know, it's like I'm trying out for like every possible delivery thing, but like, you know, sometimes all of them are just like, no none of us have none of these things have anything worth doing and it's not and we're not going to bother, you know? So it's like, you know, it's like I've been doing it for three years, I've fairly decent idea of when things are just not worth leaving the house for. And it's like especially especially now that like there's not as much much other stuff out of the house, like I would drive on the way to and from there. It's like, well, I'm not gonna go leave the house for that $4 order. Like I'm not gonna go drive across the street for four bucks, I'm gonna have to give me more left to leave the house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well and half the time I bet what you get doesn't even hardly cover cost of gas.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it's like, I won't take anything if it's less than $2 per mile because it's like, it's just it's just not worth it. Like the gas has actually gotten a lot better because gotten okay, you know, because like the gas prices went way down once the shutdown happened because like, no one's buying gas anymore. So like, gas, gas has been a lot cheaper and that's been a lot better. But it's like, well, I'm like, I I I used to I used to get gas every other day, but I had a small car with a small gas tank and it's like, now I get gas like once a week because one I'm driving last two, I have a car is slightly better mileage and it's slightly bigger gas tank. And so what, you know? But it's mostly the fact that I'm driving like half as much, but it's still just like, I remember what I used to get gas like every other day, but it's like, I know every gas station in the entire city of like, that's along my path. In terms of like, does this place have cheap gas? Is this place people than all the other places, You know? So it's like, I have so it's like I have a so it's like I have all the apps, but I have a very good internal map of like, you know, this place has cheap gas. This place doesn't want right outside my apartment is usually the first one in the city to go up or at least the first one the area. So it's like, yeah, So it's like, so it's like if I, if I leave the house in the morning, I see the one in front of me is up, then I know that I have probably at least the rest of the day to get somewhere else with cheap gas. Oh, is that a kitty?
SPEAKER_L: that is a kitty.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: can,
SPEAKER_L: come here? No, I mean I can come over here. That's fine. Get up. That is one of 3. Here's to okay. I mean you will at least come to me. Yeah, this is too
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Mhm. You're kidding. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: really? You're not going to look
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: there you go. You know,
SPEAKER_R: are you doing this to me? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So that one back there, that's forest and the little one I just had is jenny. We have Lieutenant dan around here somewhere. I don't know what he's got. Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Always disappearing.
SPEAKER_L: he's, he just hides, he's the cranky old man like it. It's
SPEAKER_R: Crazy old man highs. Why? Why? Why are you here? Why are you people?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh hell, I'm pretty sure he likes strangers better than us. So the little one, she is a huge lover, she loves everyone. Uh that big one that was back there, he is the biggest scaredy cat I've ever met. He is terrified of strangers, will run and hide at the site of one and then the lieutenant, he uh so he was the first one we got and we thought you know, hey, you're you're just a chill loving cow, whatever. Uh none of the vets we've ever taken him to have been able to get a read on his heart because he just won't stop worrying like they take him out of the carrier and immediately he is purring stick
SPEAKER_R: That's what
SPEAKER_L: with thermometer
SPEAKER_R: we're.
SPEAKER_L: up his but still occurring, try to get hurt. Listen Herman just doesn't stop and then we let him out of the carrier at home. He immediately turns back into a giant asshole
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: knows what he's being watched. Uh huh That's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: oh we love him anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. But yeah. So you know, it's like it's like if I move my almost too far, I have all the instrument things like I have mike well and have a guitar banjo, like and like I have a big thing of harmonicas, like I just have it all sitting in here. So I was like, yeah, I should try to be doing music. Yeah. five. Yeah. So that's that's been an adventure.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure
SPEAKER_R: But like, you know, it's like one of the other games, like I was trying to get the camera positions so that you can't see like the shelf racks, right? It's like a it's like I have I have the things that exactly right from. I had to think that exactly right. For my laptop, but that's for being out zoom for being zoomed out a little bit more. So you can also see the guitar for the live streaming. So it's like yeah I was like for this uh one I'm using a different computer because my computer said so I'm you know using a Chromebook old phone books. I was like you know what this this work doesn't work well enough for the purpose and get a new computer. It's like so my computer died a week and a half ago and it's like I could send it back to the company and get it fixed because I have I have a Lennox only computer. And because like I could and so like I got it, I got like 3.5 I almost 44 years ago. I was like so it's like that so I took it to one of the you know cheap repair places here and they're like yeah we can't get the pressure that we can't fix it. So I called the company in Colorado there like Yeah, we can fix it. But the pieces like $100 and it was gonna be like 25 because it was the mother, it's a motherboard. Like the motherboard is like,
SPEAKER_L: just gone.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was so late and it's like I can rip off the back and just get into the drive so I can move those around when I get a new computers. It's like I just don't get all my stuff just like in addition to that, the battery is almost dead. I just replaced the screen a couple of the keys, just don't like me when I replaced the screen actually, I tried to get a slightly better screen for one of the places online and then and then the brightness stopped working. So I spent the next to like, you know, just in terms of like being able to adjust it so it's just, it's just stuck on full brightness all the time. So I was like, okay, let's try and if I open and also, and this is the other thing, if I open the computer, the side of the computer started popping apart well
SPEAKER_L: I had a laptop started to do that
SPEAKER_R: and so that's, and so you know, I think that eventually just fried the motherboard after doing that for a few months.
SPEAKER_L: yeah when I noticed I was like oh that's probably not supposed to do that. So then I had to remember from then on to grab that side of the laptop when I opened it so
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: it wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: living
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: actually just had it taped down and like I would have to replace the tape every couple of weeks and it's like, but it eventually did just fry the motherboard, so it's like, well this computer is done, it's like they have like 2-3, they're like three sales a year and like the others have ended like two days before the computer diet. It's like really
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: like they're having their like usually their christmas sale starts at like or you know, their holiday sale starts like the beginning of november. It was like, well just get a new computer in like a couple of weeks when I move.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean november is not that too far away so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's like I was going to try to get the music stuff and I was like, I can, I can hack the stuff together well enough because I have enough basic, like I have enough tools that I've been collecting. So I did this open mic. Uh There's a, so there's sam Ash music stores and they're open mic. They would give you a gift card for showing up every week, $10.
SPEAKER_L: not bad.
SPEAKER_R: And so I did that and so I did that and they also had to get charged and with the same deal. So like I was there twice a week every week every week for at least once a week for five years. And then like I started going to a good hard times like I just got so much free music stuff like just like you know like I was doing a bunch of other open mics but I was the only one that I ended up sticking with because like I got tired of driving 2020 minutes to half an hour every day to go, to go see the same people every single place. Like why am I doing this? And going to spending several hours sitting around bars and not actually interacting with people and not and like just going here to play music when I could just not just like, you know, it's just like I went around far like I did this for a year plus and that's plenty of time like actually find all the music people to interact with. But it's like why why do I keep doing this? It's like but I kept going out with this pretty close because it was pretty close man. Like also I kept getting for music stuff. It's like going there for so long. It's like I got an entire, you know I just like I got a mixed reward, I got harmonicas, I got a banjo, I got a new guitar. Like I just I like and I got like microphone stands and cables and microphones. And so I just kept getting stuff so it's like I have like all the music stuff I could ever need now without having to buy any of it. It's great.
SPEAKER_L: heck yeah, I mean if you can get it for free, I was just going up somewhere
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and getting gift cards.
SPEAKER_R: like the deal is like yeah you have to go play three songs and then you get $10 cars like okay I can do that. But like I actually found that one because I um It was because I needed because like so my first guitar was you know this piece of crap thing, there's like $150. It was the next stepped off. And so like my dad and I end up super glue it back together because it was a piece of crap guitar anyway. It wasn't like I was going to get any worse from that but so I was like I need to go get like a new better guitar. So like that was the place nearly they had it. So and then I found out they had an open mic and that was like the first one. I found that sort of like got me around the entire area like you know because like you know the first time I went there I you know I started being people are like oh you should go to this open, like this open, like that open mic and this open like so like you know, it's sort of spread into a giant network of knowing everything of like no at least having encountered a lot of music people in a lot of places. So like, you know, it's like even though that hasn't, that didn't really do much in terms of being able to get me anywhere. Like I got, you know, I was like I got out to a lot of places and also from going to the one I got a whole bunch of free music stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that helps to at least network. Even if it doesn't really get you anywhere you get resources out of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it was really funny because there was this um contest to play in this music festival here and like you had to enter the contest, you had to get votes and everything. And so like I'm not I'm not a big social media person, but like I passed her people on social media every every day because you had to vote because like, people could vote every day for like a month and a half, you know, this long drawn out thing. And I managed to somehow be in second place despite the fact that I was like, currently do a um doing this campaign from being college nine hours away. And so like, so like I was I managed to I managed to hold down second place for a long time behind this, behind this other, behind this band and then this and then some random band popped out at the last minute and just won the whole thing.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I actually ended up meeting them because because I like I volunteered at the music festival so I could get in free. And so like, so and so like I actually ended up so I like I actually end up talking them, feels like I was volunteered at the charging cable. And like, and I think they actually recognized me because, like, you know, because it's like from my whole thing, I have a very distinct thing here. And so like, like, I I actually had someone recognized me from playing a show at the festival. Like, someone just like recognizing for having played a show a couple weeks. I was like, okay, cool. But like, it was funny because I went to this other open mic and the guy there was actually the guy who was a front person of the band that had been ahead of me for the whole time. It was it was really funny because I went to the open mic for a while and like, you know, I got to be friendly, but it was really funny. I was like, wait, I know. Oh no, I think it was. His band was actually playing like a little sideshow things. They like a side tent at the um I like the concept of the big outdoor place here. And so I went, I went up to him and I talked to him. I was like, I was I was the person who is behind you in that contest for like two months. And so like, I think so, I ended up inviting me out to the open mike. You did. But like, it was really funny because I ended up going, going out there every week for like solid year or so. But like, it was really funny because it's like the Music network here is not actually that huge. So that's an interesting thing. I think we have like one more minute. Uh and then we're good here. I think we I think we both got here right right at 4:00. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it looks like It looks like we're at the 25 minute mark now.
SPEAKER_R: they tell you to talk for like another minute. I was going to start my watch but it never actually What?
SPEAKER_L: No I out of habit I started mine before you had popped on because it always tells you you have to wait five
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: you on
SPEAKER_L: I was like
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: okay well here let me time it since I popped on. I think I was on about a minute before you were and
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: so then I reset it and started again after you got on.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't want I didn't want to the other one, like I did one last week sometime and like I think me and the other person, like we both showed up right at the time but it took a minute to connect us. So But like it went quicker and quicker today, like I think I only had except for like 30 seconds anyway, I think we're good to go ahead and get off of here. It was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was good talking to you too and good luck with your music endeavors
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: with the move yes
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: hope. Mhm. All right.
SPEAKER_R: awesome.