Hi.
Good how are you?
Not too bad. For a monday afternoon.
Oh well it could be
better.
Well
that's fair.
it's all right you know been working had a boring women are but you know it is what it is
at least for the webinar I was only listening so.
No.
Oh you just have a lot of potholes or
I'm sure I've
heard not so great things about Ohio roads in general Cincinnati
where are you heading?
that's okay.
and
yeah I haven't spent a whole lot of time in Ohio. Um But I have spent some time in Middletown and yeah. Yeah. Good. Oh
on.
What?
What?
But
yeah but uh no
thanks
I'm
good
and
thanks.
it'll be a while before we have this in hand I'm sure so
I mean yeah this makes sense to do that so
Care.
Mhm. So music thing, what are you what are you trying to get going?
Yeah, no, I mean having a dedicated space for something definitely makes it easier. Like at the start of all this lockdown thing uh transferred into working from home, well all I had was a crappy little laptop and I was like, well this is going to be interesting, tight green from like I went from dual monitors to tiny screen, no dedicated workspace. And finally I did, I just caved because every year we have, right before school starts, we have our tax for a weekend. And so people go out and buy like a bunch of school stuff, they buy like all their electronics and whatnot. So I was like, you know what, I'm going to get myself a desktop and actually give myself a dedicated workspace.
I mean I still screw off a lot, but you know.
Yeah, no, I get that. You leave something long enough and you're like, oh God, do I really, really have to do this?
My brother in law likes to draw and so right now he's working on something for me and my sister because we want to get matching tattoos, so it's like, you know,
I know this isn't your wheelhouse because he, it's like animal based and he tends to do like very, very detailed character work,
like can you draw all this or as will you, will you please? He's like, sure, I've asked him about it, he was like, yeah, I just, it doesn't look how I wanted to look yet and I'm just like, okay.
Yeah, I know. He fully admits he's like, this isn't my wheelhouse and that's part of the problem. And the other part of the problem is he's just such a perfectionist. Like he, he doesn't feel like it's good enough yet.
If you want it to be perfect, it will never be done.
Yeah. I think a lot of people, it would do them a lot of good to internalize that.
Yeah. Well and half the time I bet what you get doesn't even hardly cover cost of gas.
that is a kitty.
What
come here? No, I mean I can come over here. That's fine. Get up. That is one of 3. Here's to okay. I mean you will at least come to me. Yeah, this is too
really? You're not going to look
there you go. You know,
So that one back there, that's forest and the little one I just had is jenny. We have Lieutenant dan around here somewhere. I don't know what he's got. Yeah, yeah,
he's, he just hides, he's the cranky old man like it. It's
yeah. Oh hell, I'm pretty sure he likes strangers better than us. So the little one, she is a huge lover, she loves everyone. Uh that big one that was back there, he is the biggest scaredy cat I've ever met. He is terrified of strangers, will run and hide at the site of one and then the lieutenant, he uh so he was the first one we got and we thought you know, hey, you're you're just a chill loving cow, whatever. Uh none of the vets we've ever taken him to have been able to get a read on his heart because he just won't stop worrying like they take him out of the carrier and immediately he is purring stick
with thermometer
up his but still occurring, try to get hurt. Listen Herman just doesn't stop and then we let him out of the carrier at home. He immediately turns back into a giant asshole
like
but
oh we love him anyway.
I'm sure
just gone.
I had a laptop started to do that
yeah when I noticed I was like oh that's probably not supposed to do that. So then I had to remember from then on to grab that side of the laptop when I opened it so
it wouldn't
be
living
like that.
huh.
Yeah, I mean november is not that too far away so
not bad.
heck yeah, I mean if you can get it for free, I was just going up somewhere
and getting gift cards.
Yeah that helps to at least network. Even if it doesn't really get you anywhere you get resources out of it.
no.
Yeah. So it looks like It looks like we're at the 25 minute mark now.
No I out of habit I started mine before you had popped on because it always tells you you have to wait five
minutes.
I was like
okay well here let me time it since I popped on. I think I was on about a minute before you were and
so then I reset it and started again after you got on.
Yeah. It was good talking to you too and good luck with your music endeavors
and
with the move yes
hope. Mhm. All right.