Hi there.
Yeah, how are you? Uh
No I can hear perfectly fine to let me set a time. What's going on?
Uh huh.
What's up? How's your day going?
Where
my California?
I mean just outside of new york city. Uh
The water is really nice here they're
called.
Is anything near
fire near you?
interested.
it's getting hotter every year but like I mean this is global warming
in action. We're seeing the beginning. Yeah.
It is nice and sunny. Uh
anywhere between, let's say like 75 to 85 degrees tonight today probably at the worst. Get up to 87 89. Uh
lots of lots of trees for shade, perfect
transplant, transplant.
Uh Born and raised in the south in Atlanta. And then yeah moved around for a bit, was living in africa for five years and came back and shows in new york and uh
new
york
fucked around was uh
I went for business and this was good but it was uh nothing amazing or special. But while I was living there is a blast so I I don't know what your what your background is but like living any any third world country coming from like american level standards. Life is great. Yeah
it was in kenya Nigeria Tanzania Zimbabwe. Uh It was great. How much you, where are you from and where is your background and your travel? Did you travel a lot? I didn't.
it's
sorry? Uh
it's more the opposite in that because you're in the third world, you're able to establish a much higher standard of living than even what you could typically afford in America Right? Like
I went from like having my my four bedroom, three bath penthouse apartment for one guy. Clearly yeah cleaned daily, paying like $700 a month for department.
I
had
I had sorry?
my grandfather fell ill so I came back to take
care of him and he has a problem, he's find out uh
he was just happened to be
in New york and so yeah
uh
I want to see what happens with uh with Covid I guess and and like how much, you know, jobs stay remote, like I'm 100% remote. I was thinking Barbados, they're
Visa for I
think 1000 or $2000 you can come live in Barbados for a year and not pay any income tax. Yeah.
What about where are you thinking about going after Covid?
It's
definitely
it's definitely part of the midwest. It's
tough
enough. Yeah.
We don't think about it as east coast at all. And I've lived in the East coast my whole life like. Yeah.
my
that's any. Yes. five.
Hopefully be some good nature and I mean door not things lighting on fire every year there. Oh.
jesus.
I probably see you for for somehow dealing with the san Francisco life
like uh
So
I I live right outside of new york city so I don't have to deal with new york city red
prices. And like the trade off is like a 20 minute train ride right
20
minute
train
ride in a 10 minute walk. And like that's nothing and like you know there's also the privilege of being a male and like a large one at that so it's four am I'm drunk coming back on the train. I'm not who's like I'm not worried about anything so. And then for that like I pay 1000 $1500. Yeah.
I mean I I I'm fucking partying my face off, you know my twenties and now I'm back in the U. S. And someone
like that's all about getting stable. So anything I can do to save money and like build the foundation
Yeah.
Do you do you have any concept of like where you are in the life phase or any goals you're working for?
May
I ask
how
old
you are?
I would say it's a younger younger or
older
than 25 is a
thing I say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
All
right. So I have lived the you know there's a spectrum of like super stable and super not stable right? Like super adventurous superman, adventurous. Uh if it helps because like a lot of my younger friends asked me because
I lived on that spectrum all the way towards 100% adventure. Like I took all the, all the risks, all the crazy, all the crazy shit. Uh,
I'll paint you the picture and so you can, maybe it will help you make a decision sometime in the future. Uh uh, and I'm just supposing this to my friend, I spoke to just yesterday who has worked at the same uh Deloitte basically Deloitte for the past 8.5 years since he graduated from college. So in college I decided to pursue my dream studies instead of business or whatever. I want to Entomology, the study of insects, which like, you know, we can you from your back. I was asian, I'm asian, right? Like doctor, engineer, lawyer, you
know, it's like, it
was about flying anybody, uh,
can figure out, figure out, you know, you can't get a good job with it, it's just just fucking around. And I started some small businesses, some of them started to take off a little bit, graduated college, didn't get a job moved to Austin texas, and I started businesses feeding people insects. I don't know if you've seen edible insects. Yeah,
started that business. Uh and this was before anybody heard about it. Got 100% lucky was the guy who made it. So people here heard about it, sold the business I got acquired, uh went to work for techstars, I don't know if you know that is a big y Combinator and then uh from that, got a job working in kenya and then went to kenya, started starting some businesses, sold some businesses, you know, lived all over africa, I went to europe to party and then I started businesses in europe, sold to businesses in europe, and then I'm back getting stable. Uh huh.
Yeah, everyone
has to decide where they're going to be on that spectrum, but like if you haven't done some swashbuckling, I would recommend some swashbuckling, like fitting it into your life. Uh There are, I don't know, I yeah,
I would recommend if you're taking some risks like even moving out to act you know, to use in Akron Ohio or wherever um or
whatever you said, I
would actually like them on the Yeah, I mean if you if you just go in with the focus of like I'm going to be here for five years to get my career on track and get
my money on track or whatever and then, you know, you plan to spend five years just traveling or something like that's feasible to write, like it doesn't have to be, how do I slip in
one
month
vacation every year and still find balance as a person. Like there are, there are tracks of life where you can, you can just swing between extremes, right? So I'm going to spend the next two years working on buying six or seven properties and turning those into recurring revenue and then go back to like just bouncing all over the world wherever I want to go. Uh Yeah,
for
some unsolicited
advice, uh
I would say honestly like it was probably the craziest starting those businesses and not getting a job out of college
and just betting on myself and so realizing I that actually worked out for me because I got lucky and sold those businesses and the story is help with networking and selling myself in the future. Um but but I threw that, like if you can tell a compelling story about
your life
to other people like that will help you get access to the things you want later. So I can pull different facets of who I am to cater to, whatever job opportunity I'm trying to get. Uh and then be able to back it up with like some insane like experience. Uh
and so like those were those risks paid off earlier that when I was 22 to 26 27
then now as I'm 29 you know, my, I feel my priority shifting, like I feel like I feel I can feel like the brain chemistry changing. I'm like cool, like okay now is the time to take all this experience and money and everything I've earned swashbuckling and start like listening to to where my instincts are telling me to do, which is now like nest to build the foundation, you know, effectively Yeah.
When you, when you, when you reflect on it effectively, like all right now, it's time to prepare for meetings. Like get all you should feel. Yeah,
So
definitely have kids. I'll give you that, which I know honestly like, like I'm up in the air about like it's fucking burning
outside your window. Like do I really, we really want to bring kids into this failing
life
support
of
the
world. Yeah.
So ideally uh find a partner who is able to either keep up with me or be cool with like we have different parts of our lives, get together all the time. Um
Yeah, so I do I don't know. I don't know. That's that's where I'm struggling now, right? Do I hold out for somebody who can really keep up with me? But like it's that's that's rare, right? It's rare.
So I don't know. I don't know what race your your partner might be. But for asian men I think it's actually got a little easier because you have to, you have to get a date electronically, right?
So personality plays a much larger role.
Not
even looks
like. Yeah. Yeah.
That's like taken from a few of my friends thankfully like I'm 5 10, I don't really worry too much about my height and you know, not not I'm pretty large guys have to worry about some of those troops. But I've definitely noticed it like especially like you know when you're looking at some of your data and you're like damn alright, what white girls are reaching out now? That's interesting. Like that's that's an interesting pattern that's emerged.
Yeah. It's definitely interesting. Um
In general though, like I'm realizing that it
once you start looking for a long term partnership, right?
Like you begin to realize that like, oh, like what I'm looking for and what needs to be found and nurtured is vanishingly rare. So you become like almost, I don't know this, this is where I'm trying to figure out like where on the spectrum of how picky do I want to be? Yeah,
How picky can I be is another different question I'm
There
yeah, I've, the extent of my participation has been my grandparents, something like, hey, some people have reached out, are you, are you interested? And at the time when they asked, I was like, not at all interested in my shit is all over the place and it's closer together, I'm still not that interested. I'm so like, I guess getting to a place where I'm not open to it. Um, after
that thing came out on netflix, my mom is like, she's like yeah I'm actually, she's a flight attendant, so she she's like I'm going to Canada and while I'm not there I was going to meet with the matchmaker for you, what do you think about that? I thought about it for a second and I was like If Trump wins
the next election, like I 100% get a Canadian wife an immigrant like yeah, I turned that down. Yeah,
it's interesting. I personally am a fan of like Hetero Zygo, so that makes sense. So like I already bring the indian culture, it would be nice to have to have
like yeah, I will tell you know like uh since we have this weirdly intimate conversation for the next
eight minutes, I uh I'm kind of over dating most white women, like there's a severe lack of culture that can
map my culture right? Because like I'm like, oh yeah, like I want to take you through like all these different indian cuisines and just great. But and they're like yeah, like you want a cup of tea, Like uh
so like literally a friend of mine, I was talking, he's a friend who stayed for seven years, the same boy he calls me, he's like, you know, how's your dating life? And I was like, you know, how's that white girl you were dating? And I was like, well now given the last one girl every day uh uh Yeah, I I recognize that like my my constraints might be like Asian and that's a wide, pretty wide constraint. You know like
I
think the crux of the moment came when a friend of mine was like uh this this white girl I was dating, she was like, hey can I come over? And I was like yeah you come around these days, these days you can't because my mom was a flight attendant, she's
returned, she's returning home and she she stays with me. Uh And she was like, I used to live with your mom. I'm like I was just like
like 11 yes to covid three, like you know, I'm not gonna make my mom pay pay for another brand. Yeah.
And she was like a little weirded out about
that, and I'm like like you're living with four roommates in new york city. I'm not getting like
I have had my mom over eight days a month. Uh
And then I went out with this really really wonderful chinese korean immigrant, who are you taking for it? And I told her was a hey like you can't really do this thing. I live with my mom. Just an f Y. I like my mom was me and she was like, oh like that's so amazing that you're being such a good son, you must be saving so much money to buy a house
and oh my god you get,
Of
course
not.
I have an innovation consultant, so I work with uh-carune 500 companies to develop the next line of new products, it's usually like um what's the word? Uh transform transformative, So it's like tied tied. You know, we work with tight and they were like yeah we do laundry and our our latest innovation has been the fucking pod, what else, you know what else can we do? So rather than make like another pod, we made them a chain of tide franchised laundry mass uh basically like it worked out and made them like half a billion a year or whatever. But the idea is that you take whatever, whatever they do and you try and do something different than what they do.
How about yourself?
I worked with product designers every day.
y'all are the best.
No,
I, I eat mostly working with electronics out in Silicon Valley or. Okay.
definitely.
I think a lot about all these like Wall Street Journal stories that I've been reading about how millennials are, our career aspects and our income aspects are being impacted. I'm sure I'm so thankful I have a job like I'm not being acted nearly as much as some people could be. Yeah.
So, so why do they want to move you to uh, to Ohio
Damn
expense.
Thank you. Um, well, if you can move out here and have the same cost of living or you know, the better cost of living and bank money. Yeah, maybe
like
12 years from now on travel reopens you
can fall out.
People
she's definitely the right move. I'll
tell
you that
if and when you get a chance to go to Thailand uh I would recommend getting your scuba certification. So cheapest, cheapest and and some of those beautiful spirit world. Yeah. That's what I did. I didn't say that I did six months traveling Southeast Asia. And it was uh
Thailand
Thailand Laos cambodia Vietnam. And then yeah.
And then uh
just like I'm
here, I have
to go.
it was it was the best there. Yeah.
Anyways um That's I'm sorry I have to run,
I'm sorry. But
it was wonderful. Um
shift
I had to have a good one.