Did you? Yeah. Really? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Oh hi how are you?
Good. Can you hear? Okay I just have my fan on in the background but I can try that.
Yeah. Okay so next. Okay.
Hey two. Yeah
I'm pretty good. It's really hot. Really hot here and the air quality is really bad
here in
California? Yes, how about you? Okay.
nice wow. Okay.
Is
it? I'm so jealous. I was talking to my friend in Ohio which I know is like not new york but I was still on the east coast and she was saying the weather was super nice and I was like wow say no.
You know.
there's like I don't know if you've heard of now but it's like a very popular winery, you're right wine country, it's like we're not too far through and I think that's burning. That's been really really bad and really unfortunate because my old boss, she actually opened a binary there so I'm not sure how it's going right now.
Um Yeah, but that's burning and then like it was just really bad a few days ago, like ash was falling from the sky. So it was like he wanted to go outside like your cars is covered in a thick there. It is pretty bad. Mhm. Yeah, I mean it's good to hear you guys have good weather in new york right now. That's nice. Right,
unfortunately
I guess what classifies as like nice weather in new york just like like temperature wise?
Mhm.
Not to marry. Yeah. Yeah.
That's awesome. Yeah. How long have you I guess like have you lived in new york for a really long time or transplant or I wasn't raised.
Trust me.
that's cool. What
you
do in africa?
Okay. There was like some, some story behind it.
that's pretty, quite like what countries?
yeah, yeah, I feel like I've traveled quite a bit, but I've never seen fortunately then to like africa or south America this year, I wanted to go to Peru, but then right with Covid, I feel like no traveling. Yeah, I feel like it's interesting because like you said like being raised in America, you're kind of used to a certain expectation or standard of living and then going back to Asia, it was interesting because a lot of asian countries have modernized, right? But then you go to like super rural areas and that you're not modernized I guess that was kind of that like third world experience and I feel like it's nothing compared to living in the kenya or movie in like a another country, like that's not as right, hasn't been as fortunate so I don't know. Hopefully
once there.
go ahead.
huh
that's so sweet, that would be like so expensive here, I can't even imagine or in new york, wow, I mean, I guess
why
did you,
why did you end up like, oh no it's okay, why'd you end up like, I guess choosing new york after you came back?
sorry,
let's get,
it's
Yeah,
that's so great. Do you feel like, you know, I don't know what's covid restrictions ease or something you want to move elsewhere or just kind of see what to stay in new york for a bit.
no. Mhm.
Back
Oh wow, that's cool.
Um Yes I've seen with you, I'm also remote but I have to relocate to Ohio after this so
it'll be interesting. I've never lived on the east I guess. So how is considered to the east coast? I don't always that as part of the midwest and then I talked to my
team.
Is
it
okay? See like
Yeah it's interesting. Yeah. I've never really lived like elsewhere besides California like you know like traveling to new york girl higher whatever is one thing I feel like living there and it's going to be in Cleveland it's going to be a lot
different.
Wait what is it really? It's okay. I'm all this just like I don't know like my team, they were just like oh yeah like you know you can go to bars and stuff once the sofa and I was like okay let's just see how how things are but it's
it's so much cheaper. I heard like so much more affordable than like I ran here in San Francisco has tripled. But then with COVID and things that has been going down but still like my friend, she just got a new job so she has to move out and for like a studio in San Francisco that you've been in like probably the worst neighborhood possible. It's like 2000.
So yeah. Right. And it's just like a tiny little like 400 ft studio with everything crammed and and I'm not so great which is a nurse. So she has a really odd hours so she doesn't feel safe coming back at four am walking from like apartment like 20 minutes away. And I was like, dude you gotta like either pay more money or get a roommate which sucks. So yeah.
but
you live in new york city so isn't it
I mean?
trump
mm But that's
not
too
bad.
that's so nice. Yeah That's so much better than living in New York City and like being like, I don't know, 4000 for the apartment.
Easy.
That's smart. Right? Right. Yeah,
that's for sure. Yeah.
that's such a good question. I mean I mean I'm still in my twenties so I feel like, I don't know like like like college is kind of right? Like that party like go out phase and then I feel like afterwards like I don't know like all my party friends can have moved away and and now it's like my friends were like super staple and thinking about like things like marriage and and you know like the kind of the next part of your life and I'm like, I don't know like honestly because like if I go to Ohio my partner, he's also here in the bay area so we would be long distance. I don't know. You know, these things are so weird. Like I'm not sure how we haven't really talked about it, but then it's like, I don't want him to move because he worked so hard to get his job where he is right now. So it's like, you know what I mean? Like such a person has to sacrifice and like
that may become
at
the
same
time. Uh you can guess. No, I'm serious. Like I won't be offended any.
it
was
25
on the dot. So you're pretty, you're
pretty, you're pretty good. Yeah.
And
Yeah.
totally
get you Gray.
I still love you. Uh
I have. Yeah.
wow.
Yeah.
Uh
I'm
Cleveland.
lot.
We
can get
it.
Yeah. Thanks
for sharing that. It's
always great to,
I think to hear how, you know, like your perspective and what they've done with your life. I guess what then is I have no craziest risk you've taken.
Profession.
If
you
hmm.
You know?
Right.
Okay. So now and now you feel like you're more so in this phase and like going out and just, I don't know, like doing okay. That's so interesting. But I feel like you feel like at some point, let's say you're married and everything like five years time of road, do you feel like if you have the urge again to like want to travel or go
out, do you feel like it's going to be more difficult, right? If you already are married and have kids or, or whatnot?
Is it?
I know.
I
know.
I
know
I feel that way. Yeah.
Okay.
it is. Yeah, man. I mean, do you feel like, I mean like my friends were like right now, like who aren't in relationships with covid, you're finding it really difficult to make people right? But I don't know if that's impacted you or what it's like in new york city right now.
huh.
And then looks right. Yes.
No,
you're
height and all that. Yeah. Mm.
But that's actually that's a good thing now, Right. I mean, at least for the time being with,
Yeah.
Is that,
Right.
hmm. Yeah. Well, that's interesting. Yeah. No, I mean,
Yeah. I mean, do you mind if I ask like you're, you're great or in the american? Okay. So like is I know like some of my friends like you said like matchmaking is still popular, Is that like, I mean, have you participated in
that or your parents, have they expressed interest?
That is,
No.
Well, that's pretty funny. Yeah.
my goodness.
yeah, that's
interesting.
I see. Okay.
it's great. There's a lot of different asian, right? Like people, Yeah,
that's here.
In
So
yeah.
I
Exactly. Like how is not, not weird.
Yeah, That's like not great. Oh, wow, I used to Really?
right.
Yeah. See, exactly. I know. I feel like you're so right. Like I remember like one of my friends, she moved back home after quitting her job, right? During Covid and she was like, I was like, oh, it's in the back of your mom and I got so great, your mom must miss you. And then she's like, yeah, I don't know how we're going to get along. And I was like, it's just so weird how what's the first thing they think of my white friends think of, right? It's like, are we going to get along? She's like, I might get my own apartment. I was like, you did save so much money if you live with your parents. Like they live in like a four bedroom house in a really nice area. And I was like, you're going to live in a dinky little apartment paying like, you know, really expensive friend. And she
was
like, I
need my privacy. And I was like, I get it, privacy is important. But I feel like you know like you can just establish boundaries of their parents. But like you said, we're from asian backgrounds and we get it more than like a non baby, like some non asians. So yeah. But I mean, I guess I just steer away from talking too much about getting like what do you do now for a living?
Got it. Okay. I see. So like trying to like write innovate on something. Okay. It's beautiful.
I am a product designer. So
I said okay, cool, that's great.
Thanks. You know, it's it's it's a nice job. It's challenging. But I feel like the pros way outweigh the cons because you get to write like
talk to customers, see what they want to do and I think that's so important like like like with apples like new products and like everything just like that, so.
Yeah, so so right now the company I'm working with is clinical research, so kind of doing uh irregular Torrey products for like hospitals like clinical researchers because just because I feel so um yeah, kind of what I've been doing stressful but you know your job is a job I guess during this time it's like I feel lucky I feel happy and happy to have a job, you know, a good one at that.
So. Yeah.
Yeah, I felt the same way, you know.
Oh, sorry, so this company is based in Ohio. Um Yeah, so I'm their first California higher. So because the product
is I
marked it yeah the products I marked it here in California is so saturated. Like it's not like you know when I was applying for jobs I kept getting rejected rejected their like you need like five years of experience and I was like seriously I'm going to give me a chance because I don't need the five years like I don't have five years of like overall work experience because you know I graduated three years ago so it's like I can't really tell my college experience because there's some like it's an internship and that doesn't count. So. Yeah.
Go
for it
then.
Yeah. I know. I'm so excited. We were like planning a family trip to Thailand at the end of this year, but now it's like it's not worth going right? Like it sounds so cheap and my friend and last year she was like counting where to go and what to do and you know what to eat and everything and then I was kind of like just probably gonna staple
sadly. So
I
know
it just sucks because you know it's great coming from you like going out, it's like to not just being inside every day and it's not the same but
Oh that's so nice. So you went to like
Thailand like cambodia?
Oh
nice. Indian. In Tokyo. Yeah, it was awesome. Yeah,
I know,
I
know you might as well go somewhere right? Yeah. That's awesome.
huh.
for
problem. Yeah. Well
likewise, good
luck with everything. Okay.
Yeah. You too. Bye.