Mhm. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Hey. Okay do you think? Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Oh you're good how's it going?
How's your sunday going?
Yeah. Yeah.
Well
I can't
see
your, I
went yeah I can't see your screen for some reason.
Well yep no it's working again. You disappeared there for a second. Yeah. Oh yeah I mean I'm in Utah. How about you?
Who? Oh
the
connections yeah I can hear you now
about nope you just disappeared again.
I can see you.
No.
part of florida?
my gosh.
I didn't hear
I didn't hear what you said I heard Orlando
and then we
got
out
okay. I was we were just there two months ago no last month in october we went to um Hollywood Studios and one of the Universal parks.
Yeah. We really wanted to go check out the new Star Wars thing so that was really cool. Yeah.
That
was
awesome.
Yeah like the local passes. I know it's like I feel like the only discount you really get is if you're willing to buy like a season pass basically.
Uh huh. You're cutting
out
again
sorry And your picture disappeared.
My problem
I guess as long as we can still hear each other
Yeah.
Um My husband's family actually lives in florida so we keep track of how the weather is going over there
Um Are you are you working right now?
Um Are you in college? You go
to Uco
you
and
north florida? Okay. Okay. Gotcha. I haven't heard of U. N.
F.
Before.
Roger.
Gotcha. Yeah. Um My husband got his undergrad in at U. C. F. Actually.
Yeah. Yeah. Like every time we go to Orlando we drive around the campus and it seems like they have like a new building up every time. Yeah it's interesting.
definitely. Yeah I would I would go online if I could right now if I were so. Yeah.
How
are you?
You mean like the friends who live on campus
or something?
Yeah. That's really big interesting. What
year are you in right
now? Okay cool.
What's your major?
that's really cool. That's pretty awesome. I have like a really boring major. I did anyway um My underground was in sociology
so yeah it was pretty bored but it was pretty easy degree so
I can't complain.
it's like one of the social sciences. Yeah but I got my graduate degree in public health so it's mainly bad that I deal with.
about
Yeah, it must be so tough. Yeah.
I can't imagine.
Did you work before the pandemic for having you just been in school
the whole time?
Well that's kind of nice. Can it pays off being late for once?
yeah. Yeah like even when you wash like it's like
jimmy Kimmel or something or like jimmy Fallon where they usually have like that life band now they all play like from home and they kind of like stitch them all together via zoom or something. So I'm like yeah if they have to do that, I can't imagine like other people, you know.
great. Yeah
our our state just went under a state of emergency like last week, so now you really have to wear a mask, like any time you go out, so that's kind of nice because our cases have been going up like crazy.
No, that's true. Well, I mean like basically Disney World has been opened, like almost the entire time while Disneyland has still been closed, like I think they've been close
since March.
Yeah, I'm
sure, yep. Yeah, but I mean it kind of sucks both ways because like all of the staff at Disneyland has been like laid
off,
so,
so
Oh my gosh, this is Disneyland
or Disneyworld?
geez, I don't know what's happening at Disney World too, because because aren't they back up to like, basically capacity
or something?
I mean when we were at Hollywood Studios, it was packed, It was packed. Yeah, but it wasn't like that at universal like at universal we basically had to wait at most like 25 minutes for ride. Um which is like
unheard of like I feel like every time we go
there
it's
like an hour plus you know? Yeah especially for the new rides. Yeah yeah but it wasn't that bad this time which was kind of nice. We finished the park, we finished Universal in like four hours
like it was like everything that we wanted to do. So.
right yeah you're there for the whole day basically because we went um to Animal Kingdom last december before any of this happened we were there from eight a.m. To nine at night to be able to do everything that we wanted to do so it was like a pretty exhausting
day,
it was fun.
definitely
you just have to kind of plan your day.
I know
okay, oh my gosh, yeah, Who knows what, 2021
is going to look like? Hopefully better than this? Yeah, do you have any plans for your thanksgiving?
Just
saying staying put with your family?
Yeah, I'm guessing the cases going back up where you are right now,
Yeah, let's stop,
No,
no, nothing like that, it's basically like any time you go to a store or restaurant or something, keep your mask on, that's basically it. Or the gym actually, I just came from yoga class this morning and everyone
at the gym has to have a mask on like the entire time, even when you're working out, which is a little tough, but um it's the only way to get them to stay open at this point though, so can't complain,
great. Yeah, yeah, just to like keep the number of cases down because what they're saying now is that the hospitals are getting at capacity again, which is not good. Yeah,
I know,
it's been a very weird year.
Yeah,
it's
been rough,
yep, can't really be surprised anymore. Oh man, but at least the election is over.
Oh my gosh, yeah, I'm sure being in florida too, one of the swing states, I'm sure they like increase the amount of ads for your stage. Um Did you do a ton of election surveys on prolific too?
Yeah. Uh There were so many like the two weeks leading up to the election, there was like nonstop
election
suck.
Yeah.
Um How long have you been on prolific?
All
yep, it's been really good for me actually. I joined like mid may, I want to say, so about like five months now, I've done like over 370 studies, it didn't say.
yep. Exactly, exactly, yeah, This is like the only consistent one really.
am,
why not?
What's
weird?
weird,
right, so you came back? I can see
you
again.
yeah,
yeah, no that works. Um but no prolific has been great because I consistently earn like $100 a month until effect, so I mean, I can't complain, it's just kind of like extra fun money. Yeah. Mhm.
I know. Yeah, well especially if you don't have a like a regular job, like that's kind of nice to be able to just sit there at home to earn a little extra money.
What?
How? You know? Right, It's yeah, you wouldn't think anything like this would have happened because like last last december, we were just like on a our regular vacation, like being normal
and
then like
I don't even remember like january of this year, I don't remember, they're not being a pandemic this year,
you're,
yeah, I don't, I don't think many of us thought we would get to this point. Well that's insane.
yep. Yeah, yep. That's what happens with a lack of leadership in place.
sucks. Oh man, hopefully will get better or next year hopefully
we'll
see.
Million. Yeah.
Yeah,
that's
true.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, it's hard to,
they're not giving you a break at all, no man, like well at least it'll give you something to do right at home. Yeah. Oh man,
it's just been the same old for me though because I've been working from home even before the pandemic, so it's really just the same except all my coworkers also work from home now and I don't leave the house nearly as much as I did before.
Great. Yeah, we're really just leave for like groceries and stuff now.
Right, that's true, that's true. Yeah.
That must be really crazy. I feel like for us it's been basically the same, we'll see, we'll see how the bills around once the smell really hits well. Um with like all of our ski resorts here, like every winter, it's usually like kind of crazy with all of the people coming into town to like ski and snowboard. Yeah, we got like our first big snowstorm but it didn't even stick Um because we're like in the 40s right now so it's a little chilly but it's not cold enough to have the snow's stick. Um But in the mountains you can really see the snow now which is kinda cool.
um like I'm guessing by the end of this month it'll get cold enough for the snow to actually stick and then it will basically just snow throughout all december in january
and february
at all.
I know. Right. Yeah it's kind of weird. Yeah we have so many ski resorts here like Within half an hour of where we live. We've got like six or 7 ski resorts. It's crazy. Yeah kind of go though because like you can just kind of jump around to the different ski resorts to switch up like the trails and stuff we have like our favorite ski resort that already bought tickets to, so I'm really excited to do that.
Not in florida though. Right
okay. Okay thank you.
it's florida is so weird to me in the winter because like it gets so cold there but it never snows.
Yeah I wasn't expecting it to be so cold so when we went there I didn't really even packed like winter clothes. I had to like borrow a Jackson from someone. That was crazy. Uh huh. I
was like oh it's florida doesn't get colder.
Yeah here it's pretty consistent like you can basically expect snow like at the same time every year.
What?
So what is what's the temperature like now or you guys go in the mid 70s?
All genius. Why?
So war were literally like 40 right now? Yeah. Crazy.
Yeah.
All right well I think that's our time. I got like 26 minutes. Okay
well it was nice talking
to you.