Uh So it was that nothing? No, I got it set up. Mhm,
it's all right. Could be better. Good option would be worse. Yeah.
So
where
are you
from?
Oh, you can
Okay, let me check that. Is it working now?
cool. I'm in florida.
Uh
Is it coming out?
Okay. Can you see me though? But
I was up. I mean this can make a couple of things from my wife. I it was just all right, I think. No. Okay, hopefully
it won't cut out again,
but I'm in florida. Yeah. Uh
Orlando can see me really big, I
tell people Orlando, so like,
sorry?
like
10 minutes
awake.
50 minutes away from like Disney. Yeah.
I haven't been out in to end the parts in a minute, like I've been through the area, but just haven't been like inside of the park. Uh huh.
I mean I used
to
go a lot
when I was smaller because they I mean they used to give out like like what's it called? Them passes to the people who lived in florida like cheaper but now they like stop doing that.
I know now that I think Disney did it well if you bought like a season pass for dc or they're gonna like refund you it or like give you an extension on it for next year. Something along those lines
or is
cut
out.
Yeah. I don't know what's going on today, My name. That's been weird. What? Yeah.
The weapons not.
The weather is not great. Also. Uh
Okay.
It's rough sometimes and right now
No, I'm actually students so I'm just kind of doing, yeah doing online classes.
No
U. N. F. It was actually cheap. Yeah.
So
that's Jacksonville. Like north florida.
It's
like
a really small school.
Not small but not privately just smaller but now it was cheaper for me to go out there. Yeah.
Yeah it's a big school.
Yeah I could I mean I could have had the chance like not the chance the option to like go on campus with now if everything is going on. Yeah.
I mean that yeah because just like some of my friends are still over there but like all they really do is to stay in the room all day because all the classes are online so
there's no
point in me going on.
like
I have a couple of fronts. Yeah and they're like they also said like if we had to go back like like like sit down everything like we wouldn't get a housing refund. So that that that was a big thing. Yeah.
I'm
junior.
Uh
Just studies like piano. Yeah.
Okay. That's
What?
I don't know what what field is that? I'm not I don't know anything about academics.
Okay. Got you. No. Yeah, it's I mean it's kind of rough just being like being a musician now. It seems like no one has any work out there. I mean guess really anyone at
this point, but and
Yes,
that mean
sort
of I may not work like work but like kind of like playing around the area, kind of just like getting caught. Like I know I was supposed to like sort of like Argentina on the tour, something like that, but then I actually signed up for it in time. So that kind of helped my situation because I know some people had to like get some like deal with like the travel companies and like the refunds in my case since I didn't sign up in time and have to go through that.
But no. Yeah. Just tell my friends have like, like, just know like tours or games or anything. Yeah.
Everyone.
And then, I mean, I'm not on, honestly, I'm not sure what to like covid situation is a four. Well, I don't really go out and then our government, the florida government doesn't say anything. It just says like, oh, everything's fine then. Yeah.
Um
I'm not like other states have like just been like walking down and like putting emergency now florida is like open, like nothing's changed,
All
right. No, I think Disney, I mean everything close for like two weeks at least at the beginning and then people just got bored. If it like down, they were tired
like
Like
I have a
couple of
friends who like work there and they like, they all, except probably one of my friends have got like furloughed. No, I think at this one they're like firing now instead of just like furthering them.
Disney
world like yeah.
I
don't know. But I see like people like posting like perfidious and stuff, they look pretty not full, but like there's a good amount of people like going to that. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
It
was like two
hours.
No.
can do that in like normal times. Yeah.
I mean,
I know for for business
sometimes you have to go like really early, like seven sometimes because like the park
will just sit down like how much people there are. Mhm. Yeah. And uh I don't know.
And then I don't know. They just got the news that like a new vaccine just like 90 at this point. Like I don't know. Not that I don't believe it was just like tell me when it gets released, we're hearing the same thing for like eight months now. It's
like new vaccine, new vaccine with no, not to seize anything. I don't know. It's crazy. I like I was kind of expecting to be out of it like in a month, like two months. And then people sound like we're gonna be in distant til like april I was like man april. As far away. That was like until june. It was like, no, it's like, Yes, I'll be here until 2022. Okay.
Left.
I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
Just
This thing here. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. I, I mean I was playing to get like a job over like the summer or whatever. Another song with the Winner both. I guess we're like, I don't know because it will kind of like see the cases will drop and I'll be like okay. And then like they'll go back up and like, I don't know if it's the right time for anything. Yeah.
I'm just assuming because again governments is quiet about the whole thing. Yeah.
Do they have to stay at home like orders where you can like leave uh a certain time or
no.
Ever ever.
Yeah. I know like places like New Jersey I think and maybe like couch, like a couple of states I like, like put like the, like the lockdown again. Like the full thing. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. 2020 has been like a whole like it's a dream. Like, like when,
when am I gonna wake up?
I feel like I'm just gonna wake up one day just mhm Yeah.
Well there's always sun,
always
something new that each day like just Like, wow. I know that could happen. 2020 just made it happen. Yeah.
I think the words, the worst part of for me at least was seeing all like the ads and ads and ads.
Yeah. It was like,
And then
like the, like
the couple of days like before and it was just back to back just. Yes. Yeah.
Mhm.
I think I started like the late summer because I was like, like down because
I was like, I need to get a job and I obviously can't. So it's like let me search of how to do something online at least. Yeah.
No. Yeah. I mean like I got surprised when I saw it because I was like, man, like all the other websites like that I try to do in the past or like garbage compared to this.
I know amazon has
one, but I can't get on that. Like,
not that I killed him,
but
it's just like I tried to apply, but they're just like, they're like processes just like, like your account got suspended, but I didn't even like before
I even got to sign up. So like I've been trying to contact like amazon support, but this is like a circle, like just trying to run around and contact people over there. But
the
cameras
are yeah. I don't know what's up. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean usually in normal circumstances I know would be like, it's not a lot of money, but now it's like Yeah.
And then like, I don't know,
I frankly just don't know anymore. Like I can't imagine like this year, ever in the past.
Even like the
beginning
of the year, I think it was like pretty good year for me at least. And then um like I remember seeing like something on like,
I'm not I'm not being like on my phone just like reading like a new thing that like popped up in China that that's like one that's like one day like 700 things you read like a day that's like fake whatever. Then I saw like reading it more and
I was like mhm.
It's crazy like other like countries are just like being a okay I guess just like eliminated it. But then like the U. S. I. Was just keep pumping the numbers up.
No. Yeah.
I don't know. It's kind
of like
this like This thing in my mind like the second it turns like January 2021 like we're gonna be free like of a curse whatever.
No. Yeah.
The I don't know but no. Yeah and keeping up with my like friends it's kind of like in a way tough because like yeah we're at home doing nothing but we got our own things. It's like I guess you would think
that
like we all would have more time but like we don't at least I don't. It's like uh huh
I don't know. Like the teachers.
Yeah. I know Like the teachers at least for me, like just keep on piling homework just like because they think like we're at home doing nothing. So they're like, oh man, just grow more and more.
Yeah.
It'll be like weeks into like I leave like the neighborhood. Yeah.
Are like, even like, I don't know, like in my area, like if you drive around, it's still like the normal people, like who live here, like there's a certain part like getting near to like these things like where it's just like tourists, like restaurant areas is just like, it looks dry like no, like people or anything because usually like traffic will be like two hours just across like like half hour. Like just to get this to this point at this point now you can get there like in two minutes.
Uh huh.
This is like snow there a lot or like like okay.
I
would never guess
Utah to like be a snow stay I guess.
Yeah. I mean, I think the last time I was snow has been like more and more than 10 years at least.
No, not in florida. Yeah.
Just like just like me go into like a different like stay around. Yeah. Okay.
Remember like two years ago it was, It was like 25°..
Yeah.
It kind of switches up year by year. Like it'll be cold one year and next year. It won't with them like the next year. Oil, so
Yeah. I don't think this is gonna be
that cold usually like this like a like a mid october like where it just hits you this year. We didn't get anything. So.
yeah, let me check. I mean it's hard to just been like rain for the past couple of days, but now it's like I Now it's like 79 I think 80.
Mhm. You are.
I know in the past year so it would have probably been like 50 something at least. Yeah.
I don't know words. This is the thing about it. Yeah.
uh
Thanks.
Have a good one.