Mhm. Hi, I'm sorry, I'm late. Hello? Uh
You you thought that the five minutes to run up and Yeah, but you thought think
again?
Uh really sorry about that. Um
I was having technical issues. How are you doing today?
tired. Um but the day is over and we're free now. Almost.
I did. Yes,
I
am a programmer at a small company, so I get paid to touch a keyboard.
How
about,
how about you, What do you do for work
juvenile services? That sounds fun.
But also I know kids can
be really exhausting.
I think your job sounds more interesting than mine. Mine is really
boring, not
boring. Oh my work is going to kill me if you hear this, but it's like office work. Can you tell me what you do with like juveniles?
Oh, what do you do with juveniles?
probably
great.
Yeah. Oh, gotcha, wow, that sounds stressful. Like I don't think I could do that,
Oh well, so live like at a separate home from your home, I'm assuming. Yeah.
Oh my goodness, that sounds a little scary. Like what if they're like wilder?
and is this something that you had to go to school for or you have training for, I'm assuming?
What? Nothing?
but
wow, that's, that sounds like a lot, but it's good to know all of that. Uh huh. But um can you guess what this is I have on my plate?
Oh wait your clothes, Say that again, please.
Oh, is that what it's called? It's a dragon fruit, Ding ding ding, you got it right. But
I think mango is a separate fruit, but this is dragon fruit and the colour is yellow. Mhm So normally this comes in pink and green too, and sometimes the inset inside color is red, but this one is white.
They're
really sweet. It's like
a sugar. It's yeah, it's crazy sweet.
Um I am from, take a guess. I could be anywhere in the world.
You can just throw out any state any country, well
let's let's start big picture and I could be in any country. Which country would that be?
You got it? Right, so the next step is the state now. Yeah.
Oh I'm on the complete opposite end of the world.
I'm
a southern belle. Yeah
florida.
now
north Carolina, wow, you sound like more southern than me.
okay. Got it. Yeah. Maybe I sound like a California. I do have family from California. So that idea. Yeah. Yeah. So in North Carolina I think we're at the same time, it's both 6:00 for us. Mhm.
good. So the way these work I think is maybe they match you up with the person that's the same time as you because
Oregon, wait.
wow, that's fun.
I'm always hoping to get someone like outside of the U. S. I don't
think I've ever I've only had a few people and they were all americans I think. But yeah, this is fun. I'm enjoy doing these. So
I learned about this through Reddit. Uh
and the specific subreddit is called beer money.
I think it's great because like we're stuck at home like we have some time and and we get money for this. Yeah,
I love it. It's fun. And also, yeah, I think it gets me out of my comfort zone because like for most of my work I'm not really talking to people are like when I am talking to people, it's like for work, work or businesses. Yeah, this is chill, this is nice and we're getting paid
Oh, take a guess at that too.
or extroverts? Yes.
I didn't know that was an option, so there's three choices. I could be
Oh you're right,
and Amber is like, yep, you can be either both a mix of both. You have a problem. Mhm.
got that right? Ding ding ding. You seem like you would be also introverted.
What?
That's true, I'm going to change my answer. I think I'm kind of like you to Yeah, it depends on the person, like if we buy with each other and yeah, I'm comfortable with them. Yeah, I would say for the most part though, I'm pretty introverted, like I keep to myself, Yeah, I'm just going to finish up this fruit. You can go ahead.
But
what other subreddit? I I love Reddit. There's so much on reddit but um
Yes it is, there's um but veganism or vegetarianism,
I still eat meat, but it's interesting to see like the different ways you can eat plants and it's much more healthier for you and the planet. Um But um oh there's so many like um you I think you animal memes, jokes askreddit sometimes I ask questions on there and they're pretty helpful. Um lawyers like lawyer questions. I think that's interesting. Um And I think just this morning I made the mistake of going to politics and like there's so much stuff that like can get you angry and upset and you just keep going through it and it's like it's endless.
Yeah exactly. And then I guess one more would be a financial independence. It's like a money subreddit. Yeah. Fire movement if you heard of it. What about you? What subreddit do you like to follow?
Say that one again?
got
it. Yeah.
Okay.
Coach random acts of amazon. I haven't heard of that. What's that?
And
Oh wow, that is so cool.
That sounds really nice. Mhm I
will.
Oh I did yes. Um I don't do it because you have to do shipping and all that. But I think I want to do it when it comes up next time because it sounds like a lot of fun and someone got Bill Gates. I think
that is so cool. Yeah. So but also it's just nice to like I guess be nice to others and then get stuff back. So yeah, I think it's a win win. Mhm.
Have you ever done the secret santa? I'd read it.
Did you get what you wanted?
Mhm.
I'm right.
Oh god, it, wow, that's nice. So
they know that from looking at your post history, or do you write something and you let them know?
thank God, cause I thought like if they have to look through, when I post on Reddit, like they would get like rocks or I don't know, I don't really pose that much, I'm
more of a lurker, so yeah, okay, that's good to know that like you get to fill out your interest and then that's how they know,
wow, that's really nice. I think I'm going to look at um random acts of amazon and also hopefully participate in the secret santa.
Okay, so an intro like um I guess who you are, what you need.
Oh wow, got it. That is so cool. The, the internet is so amazing.
just
oh, why do you say it's a curse,
Mhm
Yeah, you're absolutely right. Yeah, that is a bad, the dark side to the internet, I agree. But
Great. Yeah, that's true. Also, yeah, like you said, I think there's also a lot of good on the internet and I feel like if you want to see the good, you can definitely see it, but also if you want to look at the bad, you can also see that as well.
So
you kind of have a choice in what you view and what you want. But yeah, sometimes people can get like tricked or like stuck in seeing all the bad news and they just keep seeing more and more of it. I gotta practice what I preach. But yeah, I am. I'm going to look at good content.
I'm going to try. Uh
Or
I didn't know that. I'll forget that I heard that. But hold on, just a second, amazon acts of kindness and ready to get exchange. I would. So are there any shows are interested in?
I
love Parks and Records.
Thank you. Oh, could you take a guess? Like it could be anyone. But
she's
yeah, it's a girl. Yeah.
Oh, I I like Leslie, she's number two. Yeah.
April yeah, it's april she's really funny. Um and she's Puerto Rican, which is really interesting and
she's being spanish on the show like sometimes. Yeah, so that's
Yeah, I thought that was so funny. Yeah,
she was like no, no, it's like $10. No. Yeah, I think that's how I learned like what that means. It's like look look like, oh um, who's your favorite character from? Parks and rec?
it's cool. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh my God, his character is so funny. But like they don't show him that often. Like he's a special seasoning every once in a while. Oh, but yeah, him and insists are great. I really like them both. Of course.
Yeah, he's, he's really special. Yeah.
Brooklyn 9 9. I've heard of it, but I let me add it to my watch list.
Mm Superstore. I think that's new. That's also on my watch list. It looks really cool.
Got it. But I don't add that to my watch list.
Thank you. I haven't seen it yet, but I will add it all to my list.
Wait, say that word again.
Oh, chess. Got it. Oh,
that's fun.
Um I do know how to play chess but I haven't played in a long, long time. I
think
the last
it's uh it's like checkers but with a few more steps so if you know how to play checkers then you can
then yeah I think you can learn how to play chess, it's a long game but um so
the first time I played was
time ago I think just a few years ago and I lost in two moves like uh yeah they got checkmate because I moved upon and they moved the queen and my king was trapped. So like when you lose the king you lose the whole game and I lost the king in the first two rounds.
so from that point on I haven't played chess since.
it does. That might be why. Yeah
but I'll definitely look into the Queen's gambit. Yeah.
Um For me I haven't so yeah I also like parks and rec really good a
list. Okay
parks and recreation bo jack Horseman from netflix it's uh it's kind of cartoony but it's a sad happy show
mm I don't watch it I don't recommend it. Uh It's an emotional roller coaster.
Oh
have you jane the Virgin?
That's great. Um
Misfits have you heard of it? It's like british television.
Oh uh it's all right I've watched a lot of shows I'm a good I'm a bad binger. Okay um So freaks and geeks it's like a really old show
this is me.
I think it's it's still good like even in today's times um Rick and morty is another good show.
I highly recommend you watch it. It's a it's science, it's philosophy or yeah it's really smart and interesting even though it's a cartoon. Yeah, it's really adult and intelligent. Yeah, um Nathan for you is like um have you heard of that?
It's a comedy. No, it's a show where a guy does ridiculous things, but he's very serious about it. So one example is like from the show, he opened up a store and called it dumb Starbucks. Uh
he called it dumb Starbucks, um and the reason he was able to do that was because of like um the
parody clause meaning that like if you make fun of something then it's legally allowed. So yeah, a bunch of people went to the store and they just bought overpriced coffee, but yeah, so that's like one episode, there are many more where he does like ridiculous things. Mhm, but for I guess business or like he makes money from it. Yeah, highly recommend. Have you heard of um Keeping Up With the Kardashians?
no,
mm hmm,
yep, so yeah,
I don't watch it, but I think it's fun to like see small parts of their life because it's really, uh, I guess big and fancy
we
appreciate,
but um yeah, so reality tv I think is cool, but I don't really watch it.
I have, I watched like small clips of it on Youtube and I think it's so funny, but also so sad at the same time.
or
if you like look at the people like, why else would they be here?
they're attracted to that green card, but yeah,
oh no, I haven't, but that sounds like a house of cards,
they just see each other and they marry each other.
To a stranger, I don't know about that, wow, that's interesting. Okay.
Oh well 30 days is not enough like uh I
take longer to order food. Yeah. But um
oh wow, it's it's fun to like see how people
behave, like I wouldn't do that, but maybe I work, who knows?
Oh yeah, maybe I think some of it is fake, like some of its are fluffed up for T. V.
And
Oh, but I think like it's like a for me, I'm like a kid who doesn't know that santa is not real, so it's really fun to know that like you
see it and it's exciting. So I think I'll pretend that like it's not scripted and it's all real just to keep the magic of it.
Yeah. Oh wow, that's funny. You said um Mexican reality Tv T. V.
O. Um say that sorry. Um You said what reality Tv.
Oh I think you said blank reality tv. Okay.
Okay. Yeah no worries. Um Who also it is October 26 2020. Have you voted yet?
I yeah
I voted in the mail yep recently. Yeah so make sure to vote and
and help America I guess. But um
because I feel like it's a big it could go either way. Yeah I really don't know anything
can happen. What?
it has been a rollercoaster. Um Hopefully it goes up next year we'll find out. Well um
do you have a timer of how long we've been chatting for?
Great.
Oh yes that's right. Uh huh.
Mm. 3 4 minutes late. Mhm.
What online I see. 27 and I yeah so it's a girl we did it.
Yeah. Okay. So a funny thing that like with the last two people I said let's take the survey together so you can do that. Like you can just click on the arrow and the video will still keep running. Yeah.
Right. So yeah, usually during this time I would like say my answer is like no the no issues. The quality was good. My partner showed up and
we chatted for at least 25 minutes. Okay. If your partner did not show up and to the number or how many? So we
We did show up and it's like 20
six minutes.
Okay. And how is your conversation overall, Life changing?
Um
positive
awake.
What?
Yeah,
they were all from Reddit.
Actually one person found out through a friend. But I think that friend use Reddit. So yeah,
it's
just
it's all from Reddit.
Mhm
Okay. How is your memory of the beginning of the conversation? So what did we talk about? We, we introduced ourselves?
Yes. Dragon, you got it.
Mhm We talked about our jobs and yep. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm Yeah.
What
Girl?
I am struggling to get 25 words into this box.
Okay, Okay, thank you. Thank you. No,
Okay, in the middle, In the middle um Mhm Yeah. Mhm
yeah, no
Right.
Mhm What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Uh
huh.
Mhm Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Are
you still writing? I wrote, she likes john raffi Oh.
well you are a vast diaper. Mhm Yeah. Yeah, Yeah.
Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Do you remember what we talked about at the end? We talked about boating? Very good.
Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm.
Mark
what?
Oh, I have to say this is one of
the fun ones. I had the other ones. Like we're not that great. But yeah, I think we had a fun time talking.
wow. It sounds like you are a popular partner to get.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh huh.
All right.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Kick me. Yeah.
Yeah. What?
What? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Around the world. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah.
No. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Why?
Thank you. Right. That would be like, so,
mm.
Not the usual.
Yeah. Yeah,
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
mm hmm,
Yeah.
People.
Thank you.
Yeah.
What?
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Normal.
Yeah. Mhm. So yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh
Mhm. Yeah.
finished. We did it, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Don't forget to schedule another one. It was fun chatting with you uh have a great night.