What? How are you?
Good.
What's your name?
I'm Rich. Nice to meet you.
You
have a dog in the back corner coming back. Mm
hmm. He's here to, what do you want to say? Hi, What? There's another dog over there.
My
what?
Like,
so he,
you can't see tv
either except cartoons. Sometimes. I know it has to do with frame rates.
So I think sometimes like he watches Spongebob,
which is weird.
Like spongebob. Right? But
freaked
out.
Yeah. There's a video, there's a video yesterday of a, an alligator during mating call sentence and he like freaked out. It sounded, it sounded like a dinosaur. So he was like, what is that animal that's making that noise and how close is it? He was very, very clear that it was going to kill him. Yeah. Mm
I'm in new Hampshire. What about you?
It must be really, really hot there.
The toughest part
in with the animals.
I haven't been able to take him to the park or I'm gonna hike or anything because he's like, he's part husky. So he's a very big winter dog. So once it gets above like 80°,, I can only bring him outside for about 15,
20
minutes at a time, which means a ton of exercise outside. We have to do all are playing inside.
Um, I use my window air conditioner.
We do have central in some places. I don't actually know if this one has it because I, my air conditioner is so cheap on the electric that I just used my, in my little space. It works in like 10 minutes and I'm cold enough and it's good. I can't imagine texas.
And
there's
no
way,
no. Is
it a drive?
that's the words good.
I used to, there's a I mean we live in new Hampshire, so we're right here at the mountains and there's a trail
that
goes up like a spring in it. So
on hot days, not this spot, but
like 75, days I would bring him up and he would jump into the springs and
the
spring is even the time of year are like 65,
like pretty chilly. Mm. Sure.
I do a little bit of computer programming. Um I got was that I got my degree in writing. Uh huh. But I've been doing
computer programming because no one really hires a writer.
Hell is that?
I have applied for a few technical
working jobs.
It's kind of hard to get into unless you know somebody or like an internship for sure. But I might do my masters just because it's easier than, you know working, I work at restaurants too sometimes. So like I think I might just go back
to school and like make a profession out of coding or make a profession out of writing and so they're just doing the bachelor's degree is the new high school degree, What
do you do?
What what does
that mean?
So if you mean in terms of content, not in terms of security? Mhm.
What?
let's do
use
programs or do you just immediately find things?
that's kind of neat. So you probably get like a bunch of different things that ai has said, this
is something
that I'm
thinking
is wrong, and then you can go in and do you see like a lot of commonalities between wrongness, like do you see like common patterns between mistakes that it makes?
I was gonna say that kind of depressing sometimes. Yeah.
No.
interesting
work. Are you allowed
to like
talk do you feel like wild story?
What?
No. Just like if you've seen any interactions that are like particularly memorable?
There are so many, there's so many like niche sites for people
who are into that sort of stuff. It just seems weird that people would go to like facebook and post that
calf
thing.
Good.
don't imagine it's terribly enthralling looking at Dick Pics at like 9:30 AM, but it must make you feel good when you knowing that you're doing something good.
that
makes sense.
so you can
get text lines just you can't do the picture stuff. That's okay.
Mhm, interesting. I've I've never like I know that that job exists for obvious reasons but like I've never met who actually does it? Did you go to school?
That's
I know Austin Austin I don't know if it's still growing, but for a while there it was like really exponentially growing and I use indeed too and it's right now it's a little bit of a wasteland in new Hampshire but I know that down where you are, there's a decent amount of jobs right now right,
that's fair.
He probably do it.
Are you guys like open restaurants and stuff open?
I think the grocery
story, the grocery store
gas station And the only
chance
I get
to talk to people at the park where we can stand like 20 ft apart and like scream at each other. Um So it's like you said, I I don't know if you've been sticking, it's been so hot, like I haven't even gone outside much, I've been giving my dog exercise, but most of the exercise we get is like wrestling inside another. It's like I do my coding stuff, I Try to cook dinner I
think through the same like free activities
of course, 12 hour
away period and
then I
go
back
to watching movies. Yeah.
Not
now.
I have a
big house to myself right now, but um I
also, my previous roommate, we paid off like An extra eight months around because we were both working so much and I was a bartender for a long time, which I hate it, but it makes really good money. So I would like in a weekend I would I would clear like 2.5 grand,
so
I was able to Yeah and our our rent respectively is only 800 because we live in New Hampshire. Uh So I was able to like for like two months we decided we were just going to work our asses off. So I have this place all paid
off for another like eight months I think. Yeah, so it's a good thing, we decided to do that. Um We kind of decided as we saw things getting like
getting worse,
we
were like
what if
things
go south? So we were like we should probably ford funny and like save and pay all our bills and stuff. Um I only have
like two months
left on the
internet, so
new Hampshire is open though. Our population density is low enough that
we we actually have pretty low numbers despite being open but that's not going to last forever. For sure. The whole thing if you look at the map has been creeping up. So I
I don't wanna
I don't wanna left here it seems.
The health
issue.
Well somebody who works in restaurants
like
I just advised people, I don't know if that's a word but I just advise people from going to anywhere where they prepare your food because As you can try to be, if you think a cook can consistently
keep gloves and a mask on in a two like 200° kitchen, it's simply a question of like intention or even following through. It's a question of are you really
willing to risk that instead
of just going
to a grocery story?
Yeah, that's
I mean.
for
Absolutely.
Yeah. I think for sure we need to suspend evictions and mortgage payments. I think that would be a great first step. Well the
funny thing, I
think in this whole thing is that masks prevent for the most part you from getting into others if you're asymptomatic. Which is kind of funny because it means that the people who are the ones making the decision not to wear a mask are the ones that didn't bring the ones who are wearing the masks. So it was the other way around. It would be more of like if you don't want to wear a mask that's fine. But it's not that way, it's like your decision not to wear mask affects somebody else directly.
But
I mean it's been nice like the people who don't like I'm super lucky, I know a lot of people have to worry about money but like as someone who doesn't have to worry about money, it's a nicely
doing things I enjoy Rather than working 35, 40 hours a week. Um I've seen I've seen a lot of people doing like projects and stuff, like you have to fill your time with something so like you might
as well build a shed or something.
that's fine too.
We got
that over.
That's
kind
Yeah, that's that's what I'm thinking too. I used to go to south Carolina every year. Um Obviously that's a no go for a while now, but I used to love going to the coast and going surfing and stuff like that. Mhm. Unfortunately.
What's that?
you have to go, you have to go further, it's okay. It's mostly I mostly do body boarding. I do bring my small surfboard. Um But
in the United States, if you really want, you either have to go to like the florida during hurricane season or hawaii, those are like your two main options. Um New Jersey surprisingly has like
one or two spots that I really like, but like that's the closest place in New Jersey water is freezing. So I don't always love going and it's expensive. Like the Jersey shore is super expensive
Carolina.
Find
some lawyer. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I've always, my
only problem
is that
I sunburned too easily. So like Mexico seems like it would do me in.
I use a lot of sun block. I'm, I'm italian and irish, but like, so it looks like I get tan, but I actually just burn a lot.
Yeah right. All my siblings have
the
same way like Bill, bill tan up and they don't even feel it. I get like get tan on the outside of my arm and then the irish part of me gets cree red
so it's like it's a compromise but it's if it's too much, I can't do it. Yeah,
I like it. Mhm.
do more of like, like I do binge the shows and I do like movie marathons. Like I had an Aubrey Plaza
movie marathon.
she's the oddest person I've ever seen. Um Just the way and then I
looked at her in
interviews to just to see if
that's
how
that's
kind of
just how she is. She's just like a weird person, which is awesome. So I do a lot of like marathons and stuff. Have you seen anything like it?
What?
That's awesome. I watched like certain movies, foreign movies, but I don't know if I could ever start a tv show in another, Is it dubbed over or subtitles?
subtitles
are the
way to go.
I'm
always down for five. Um And so
do you like horror movies at all?
Well
there is a a south korean
I think I think it was south korean zombie movie um called shrink to bustan and it's like the best zombie movie I've ever seen. It's really good.
People
care.
Yes it was. I saw it too. That was really good.
Because I've seen
I've seen Ingrid goes well I've seen her movie where she like plays a nun. I've seen her movie where she
thinks that this
guy is
time traveling but I've never, she works in a diner.
I'll
have to look at it.
No.
No
but
no.
I'll
google it because because I need some,
I need
to complete my older with her movies in it,
so I'll have to
google.
I
like
Flight
of
the Conchords
too.
I think we've seen a few things from it, I mostly just look at like
I've seen all, they're they're great.
It's kind of things on Youtube and stuff like that.
I will download it. Thank you.
I
think
it's
our time.
yep. And you're you're starting to break up as well, so. Well, yeah, sometimes my sometimes my mic doubled things back too, so it's no worries. It was nice to meet you,
I will try my best you as well. Stay cool.