Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not personal. Sure. Hi.
I'm great. How are you?
The pain?
I'm Cindy.
Hi Rich. I That's
funny.
Uh
Yeah. Yeah. Um I've always wanted
dogs or cats that can register something on the screen. But
I have three um animals and none of them give a shit about the T. V. Or anything like that.
I'm
like
it.
Great. Great.
that's
funny.
did you see that little video of that dog watching the horror movie? Oh it was
so
cute. It was like waiting for this very part. Oh my gosh. So adorable.
We'll put on the country you in.
I am in austin texas. Yeah,
it is hot. Um If I was like in the song that would be really really hot, but there's a really nice breeze so it kind and I don't hang out outside very much, but I do walk my dogs and so that's when I get this you know? But yeah it's too hot really. Do much of anything like go hiking or anything like that so
the Earth
models
It
should
Yeah. And you guys don't have central air conditioning do you?
Okay. You have a window of your name?
every every home
in texas, most every home in texas has central air conditioning so like it runs through the walls and stuff because there's no way we would be able to
no
no
way no no no
but
you know it's so wet so
and yeah it's not pleasant at all. Um The good thing is that around this area we have a lot of rivers and bodies of water that we can go dunk ourselves in. Um And on a normal year when there is not a pandemic you know I would be doing that every day but like it's hard because a lot of people want to go and like you know you have the social distancing and nobody wants to wear a mask at the river. Um So I've been staying out of the river but it's just frustrating.
Is
held.
so
like
what
time?
Yeah. Got it.
Um So are you working from home? Are you working still or?
Well
so
if it's a technical writing
Good
job. Yeah.
look.
I
the uh um I work at WhatsApp um yeah I work for facebook and the facebook offices here in Austin. Um But I work on the WhatsApp side and I work in the trust and Safety department. Uh
Basically
it means that's the department that um um does a lot to make sure that the platforms remain safe. Um And one of the main things that we do is um clear the platform of any child pornography. Um.
Yes in terms
of content so yes. Um My position is content moderator. Yeah
so it's it's pretty
interesting
what um Okay so we do use ai for finding things that could be child porn related or child porn and because ai isn't a person that's why there's me and we look at it to determine what if it is in fact child pornography. It's
this
is
something
that.
No because I have not focused on that, I mean I'm sure there are people who focus on that um in order to develop the ai to make it work better. Um But I'm just focusing on what I'm supposed to look at and what parameters I'm supposed to. We look at images. Um We look at the names of groups and descriptions of groups. Um And then because like like um one thing may maybe an indicator that it might be related to child porn, so we can but not in and of itself, so we have to look at other things to decide whether it is or not. Um It's pretty crazy because you see a lot of really horrible things.
luckily it's not the only thing that we do, and honestly, to tell you the truth, since we've been working from home, we don't have to do that. Um I don't have to do it because we're not allowed to have any of that stuff on our on our computers at home, and they don't want to make, you know, they don't wanna because we had to go through um some really severe clearance to be able to do that. So were cleared
by the Department of Homeland Security. So yeah, so we can't do any of that stuff from home. Um There are a few people who were um brave enough and you know their situation was such that they agreed to go back and work in the office so that they and they dedicate um they're basically dedicated to that because it wasn't getting done when we first got home. Um So luckily I haven't seen any pictures were not allowed to look at. And another thing we do is ban appeals. Um So like a lot of times um you know like if you're using what's happened, you're scamming people are spanning or like sending dick pics. You know and it gets reported, we can't um we can't see any of your chats unless somebody report something that you said that was like whatever. And then we have to look at it and decide whether um you know, based on a bunch of stuff, not just that we have to look at a bunch of stuff and decide whether or not you're gonna stay band or if you're going to get unbanned and then for what reason are you getting unbanned? So
that's mainly
every
month.
No, like
uh no, I'm saying we're oh, I thought you were asking me if we talk back and forth to them, we just use canned
I think that, oh, to be honest, I don't have time to really like pay that much attention because I have like a certain number of tickets that I need to work. So it's just one after the other, and a lot of times we don't even read the tickets, we don't care what it says, we just do what we know we have to do. Um But yeah, I've seen so many fucking like ridiculous pictures, like porn pictures, drawings, cartoons, um and just like weird Photoshop stuff and like I've seen more dick pics than I ever want to see in my entire life.
But
what
they know
they do know what they do is they do it on WhatsApp, they get make groups for people who like that shit and then they scare that stuff within the group. Um So like if you have a group um and there's like the initial CP in your group name, we're going to look at it, But cP in and of itself doesn't necessarily mean child porn. We have to look to see, are you any other child porn groups or groups that might be distributing child porn? Um and so we look at everything and we report it if we do find that it is there is um what's called Child Endangerment imagery, we um reported to neck neck, which is the National Center for Missing and exploited Children. And so he get these motherfuckers arrested. So
it's really awesome. It's a good, I mean it's crazy job. Somebody's gotta do it. I'd rather me than some other person who can't handle it. Um
Um right. Well luckily I don't have to look at it in the morning because my shift is from 3-1130. Um yeah, it's a 24 hour, it's an app, so it's like we have
24
hour service, so don't have holidays off or anything like that. Um So yeah, so yeah, but right now it's kind of boring because I don't get to see any pictures at all just text and like, you know, it's like which makes it to that we can't do it as well as we could, but the client is like, ok, we know you have to work from home, so we're gonna try to keep the user's information safe and keep everybody else safe who might be in your house or looking over your shoulder or whatever, but I don't live with anybody, so.
Fruit,
like if you're if you're in WhatsApp and you're spamming people with some like online casino shit or some gambling site or something that's illegal on our platform and so we can look and see all of that, but if you put a picture we wouldn't be able to see it from home.
Well I no, no, no, I had just moved here to Austin um last year and um before this I was always in customer service or I was doing some kind of support role and when I got here and when I first started looking for a job I put my resume on. Indeed. And they recruited me, like I had that job
within a week, I didn't even have to go downtown to interview. I had a zoom interview. I was like, this is crazy. And within a week of start to look for a job, I'm like, oh my God, I just got a job at facebook. That's crazy.
Yeah. Um Well, I don't know what the job market looks like
now because
I'm not looking for a job and I know that a lot of people lost their jobs because of Covid and, but because you know there is a lot of tech here, so I'm pretty sure that most like big tech companies and there's a lot of like coding that goes on around here, a lot of tech. Um So I know that it's making it and often is a little bit progressive, you think it's more progressive than it is, but it's
So dumb restaurant bars are closed again, but they opened the bars up like a couple of months after they shut it down, which was so stupid because it wasn't over and then everybody started going out and going to the beach and being ridiculous. I mean we live in a fucking texas and there's a bunch of dumb house people here um and people who use our, you know thinking of it politically in Austin, I haven't seen it that much. Um Pretty much, I only go to the store and that's it. Um And when I do go to like 100% of the people that I see now are wearing masks so and
some
grocery store.
And
the only
campaign.
Do you live with anybody?
But it
what?
Do
you
live
with anybody?
Does anybody live with you? I
don't know.
You know
have.
Good.
Whoa
that's all.
it's
Just like
Get
one
Blood
1
the
I
to
like
so everything
but.
worse again. Yeah. It's
happening.
There are many people who are not taking it seriously enough and who are being responsible and who are you know being selfish and also being very stupid like and also politicizing it, it's the dumbest thing, like it's a matter of public health um and I just
can't
I don't understand why people feel the need to go inside of a place and how somebody serve them food, like you don't need to do that, get your shit to go. Yes
In the
1st place.
It's the
look.
well
honestly
I'm not worried about getting covid from food that I got at a restaurant,
I'm
worried about the closest and sitting down at a table inside with your
math off breathing and eating like that's unnecessary, get
your food, take it home. I mean and then I see these people walking into the restaurant with a mask on and then taking it off inside. I'm like what's the point? Like I just, I just feel like a sense of entitlement is so high that you're gonna risk, but then at the same time I'm like these poor fucking servers, they need this money and the benefit, the unemployment benefit is going to run out. And it's like now what is everybody going to do because we have the worst leadership in our country that has ever seen?
I just
think
Right. Right. For sure. That's what I don't understand.
Just
All right. What?
What?
I haven't learned a language or built a shed or anything.
Yeah. No, I mean I went through a lot last year in the last several years and so I feel like it's okay that I'm not doing I quit drinking so that's a huge thing for me. So like, you
know.
Yeah. So like I'm like have all this extra time and I'm not drinking. Whereas before I would have been like, whoa, look at all this extra time I can drink, but since I'm not drinking, I have to do other things. Um I just got a job for the census, so I'm going to be knocking on people's doors trying to
get
them to the census, it's going to be very interesting, I'm going to melt. Um but it pays like $24 an hour, so I'm going to stack my coins to just like you did and I'll have a nice little, um, maybe a little fun that I can go on a nice little trip when this is all over.
dad, south Carolina.
Good surfing in south Carolina two.
Yeah.
And
Yeah. I bet
I wanted for us
to like Cancun,
I want to go to Mexico like really quick just like Cancun or something.
I
have
problem.
We'll just use sunblock.
Uh so you must have gotten, I'm italian and irish as well, but I tan like, so I use sunblock and it's like a tan lotion because I'm not burning, I just go immediately to a town and I get so dark in the summertime if I go out every day you think like I'm Egyptian or something?
The
people?
What?
right.
You're watching anything good on netflix? Oh,
I
love her. Yeah.
I
don't,
the
system
has
to do
it.
have a really short attention span
and so it's hard for me and I also like I have a problem getting involved or getting interested in characters and like scripted tv. So a show has to be like really good for it to get my attention. So I hopped from a lot of, I start a bunch of shit that I never finished. Um right now I'm watching Outlander, I'm still on the first season. Um but I'm getting really into it, so I'm watching it more and more. Um and I binge watched a korean tv show called Crash Landing On You. It was like this drama, the like kama dramedy and um this is kitty, witty, kitty witty and it was in korean, it was so good and then I got my mom to watch it and she was like, I can't believe you have me watching a korean drama. I was like, I know it's so crazy, but I love it.
No, it's not dub. I would hate that. It's sometimes. Yeah,
but
I
got really into japanese, tv and japanese movies and then it's like bled over to korean because they have a lot of content to. So most of the stuff I watched nowadays is like korean or japanese. I just watched a movie from Spain called Mirage. It was really good. It's like a thriller with like Mind bendy time traveling stuff. Not
scary.
But
I don't care for horror movies. I did watch The ring when it came out and the grudge. I saw those in the theater but that was a long time ago when I still used to go to the movies. I hardly ever do that every once in a while my mom will go, my mom and I will go. But
horror
some kook.
Yeah. I've never been into zombies. I probably won't watch that. But I did
watch
a movie called parasite, which is a thriller. That movie was awesome.
Yeah. We were talking about Aubrey Plaza and I just recently watched a movie with her and she plays this weird character. Um and I wish I could remember what it's called. But she, her husband works at this diner and she worked there with him at the beginning of the movie. Um It's a recent movie. Look it up. Look at well, remember what it's called. But
cheap.
Come on.
I'm
sorry.
At
the beginning.
And
is this crazy thing? Where? Okay, do you know who flight of the Conchords is? Flight of the Conchords? Flight of the Conchords? Okay, so
well jemaine Clement.
Um he is also in this movie
and he plays um like the opposite to her in the movie. They go on this weird little adventure because she's like obsessed with. I don't want to tell you, I don't want to give it away. I want you to watch it. I'm waiting for my stupid netflix.
Stick them up so
google
it.
I love
this
character is great. All right.
Check
it
out.
So
we owe
have you seen the movie? Their show? Their T. V.
Place
heart.
Watch their tv show. It's two seasons and it is freaking hilarious.
You're welcome. You've
been
talking
about.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We got to fill out our little questionnaire.
You too. See you around. Be safe out there.