SPEAKER_L: crazy. Oh my gosh, they're not here yet. I don't know if I hope they show up. We all need the money. We're in this together. Are you going out of here? Okay. Because my heart's beating for that for this for stacks because I feel like that's what you're gonna do. I will wait. I don't know if I can make it today. I ain't gonna lie to you. You know, I'm always game to walk up. Oh my God, I'm gonna take a Tylenol now. Oh my God, do I look okay Colvin at home? Hi boy, all of this is too much? Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: hi,
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so I'm Nathan.
SPEAKER_L: I'm desiree.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Desiree, how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. The best I can write. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: All right. Oh I just happy to be here. Happy to be at home. I just spent um four weeks at my mother's house helping her recover from surgery. She had back surgery. So I've only
SPEAKER_L: Do you
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: care?
SPEAKER_R: home a day and a half so I'm kind of getting used to being at home again.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, how's she doing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she's doing pretty well. Um
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: She had a she had scoliosis in her back
SPEAKER_L: And you
SPEAKER_R: and she had a rod put in about seven years ago. I'm gonna take my glasses off because they reflect. So she had a rod put in I'm gonna say seven years ago that runs the entire length of her spine from the tailbone all the way up to her neck. And when she was in the hospital getting it put in it got infected. So she picked up a staph infection in the hospital and so it never really healed that they've tried all kinds of antibiotics to get rid of it. And then they finally decided the only way they would be able to fix it is to take the rod back out because the the bacteria kind of got on the rod itself and so the antibiotics couldn't do anything about it. So they took it out it was Going on about seven weeks ago. So she was in the hospital for two weeks and then she was in a rehab facility for two weeks and then she's been home for four weeks and we were there with her to kind of help her get up and around but she's doing really well now. Um
SPEAKER_L: Wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: Looks like the infection is completely gone and she's able to walk now again and she's doing pretty good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Alright. She's a fighter. Check her out. Is she
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so she's um You know we we worried a little bit about it, she's 78 years old, so you know, as a lot of surgery for someone that age
SPEAKER_L: The greatest
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: generation. Like they can do it. That's pretty cool. Good. Well I'm glad especially now, you know with everything that's going on with the older population and what's going on in the world. She could have really been adversely affected like that's amazing. That's a blessing. I'm sorry if you don't,
SPEAKER_R: We were,
SPEAKER_L: but I'm gonna say blessing.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, you go right ahead, I agree with you. Uh Yeah, we were really concerned about that. We um we put ourselves in quarantine for a good two weeks before we went down to make
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: sure that we didn't,
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: you know, bring anything down to her and we kept everybody but doctors and therapists out of the house. And in fact we had we had to fight her a little bit on that because she wants to be out and about, you know, going to church and seeing her friends and all that. And we're like mom, that's just not a not a good idea right now,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh cool. What what, where are you like in the world?
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna ask you the same thing. So um I am in Arkansas and,
SPEAKER_L: that's broadway.
SPEAKER_R: and we live in, well, it's a small state, we live in the north central part of it, so, little rock is like right in the middle of the state, almost dead center. And we live about an hour and a half north of that. So that's about halfway between Little Rock and the northern
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: border of the state. So we kind of live, we live up in the mountains. Um it's kind of kind of are semi retirement place. I work from home. And so we decided this is where we wanted to move and since my job transition to remote full time, we just decided to go ahead and do that. How
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: am
SPEAKER_R: yourself?
SPEAKER_L: in sooner
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Cincinnati. Ohio I'm
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: sometimes
SPEAKER_R: is well, that's
SPEAKER_L: being
SPEAKER_R: not that
SPEAKER_L: being
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean, that's not that far away from the spinal pain.
SPEAKER_L: hi Owen. Yes and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Cincinnati. Trying to think if I know anybody in Cincinnati but I don't think I do I haven't been the Cincinnati. I don't think I've been to Cleveland but I've never been to Cincinnati.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You guys have to come to Cincinnati. I don't know why I I'm trying to leave, I don't know why, but I guess that's the thing to say. Right?
SPEAKER_R: there so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: but what's the weather up there right now?
SPEAKER_L: Well the thing here in Cincinnati is well right now it's sunny, it's a little nippy out there and chris it's beautiful though. It's red, it's green, it's brown, it's gold orange, it's everything. But maybe by noon it might be snowing, it might be raining, It might be 90°.. I don't know because
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: we're in the valley, you know? So the weather changes like you could be on one side of the street and it will be raining across the street and it's a whole different world over there. That's weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So I think I think we have a cold front coming through today. Um So it's kinda it's kinda gray out. It's supposed to rain today.
SPEAKER_L: Same
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: the high Hi today was supposed to be like 75 but the high tomorrow it would be like 50. So we've got cold weather coming through okay here as
SPEAKER_L: it kind
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: of changes because when I got up this morning it was cold and gray and weird. Then the sun came out and all the feral cats and the birds and everything is out and I'm like check them out and join it. Why? I see right here you you don't but now as we're talking it's starting to get a little gray, but the scenery is still beautiful. Like it looks like autumn here. It's beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: same here. Yeah. Yeah. We were afraid we were gonna miss it. Um You know being at my mom's house, she lives close to Houston so she's way down, way down on the gulf coast. And so we thought we would miss the entire fall season up here. But when we got back it was still pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's wonderful because it's nothing like, I don't know, it's just having a hot cup of something and just watching the leaves fall and I don't know. I guess I submit Midwestern Girl and me.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. I mean they don't even really get fall down there in Houston. I think they have summer for nine months out of the year and then maybe spring you don't see the leaves change or anything like that down there. So we were worried about missing that, but we got it. So how long have you been on? Like prolific
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: doing these?
SPEAKER_L: been doing prolific for about maybe since the pandemic, maybe a couple of weeks just before the lockdown shut down here. So yeah, about 15 weeks I want to say. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I think I started doing it, I want to say maybe 18 months ago. So early last year. And I really just started doing it on the weekends. Just something to a friend of mine said, hey, this is interesting and you
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: can make
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: some extra beer money on the weekends and Yeah, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, I've
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: been doing
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah, it's it's interesting. It's fun to me. I like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I thought that I was the only one that felt like that way. Like that's one is one of my hobbies. I don't understand it, but I like it and I like doing other sites to and getting test products and stuff like that. Like that's fun too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How many of these video interviews have you done?
SPEAKER_L: This is my 2nd 1. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this is yeah this is only my third. Um I've had a lot of no shows where I scheduled them and the other person just didn't show up.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I had like I had three in a row that I almost gave up. I had three in a row where nobody showed up and
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: then the last two yeah I was like I don't know why you'd want to give away good money just to talk to somebody for a little while. It's always it's always fun. I mean I enjoy talking to new people and getting to know people that you know are all across the country. I think it's kind of fun.
SPEAKER_L: It is. I was scared at first I was like, I don't know about this. And I'm like, but I'm that person that talked to everybody, They tell me everything in the grocery store, you know, at the bus stop. So I said it should be okay.
SPEAKER_R: What? All right.
SPEAKER_L: I finally had a little lag. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there was a little hiccup there but it looks like it's good now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know if it's
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: like a strain on the grid or I know it's a lot of kids around. I don't know, I'm not a millennial. I don't know what's going on. But you know, with me, if it's raining, they're not acting up. You know, I've come from a generation where we had a remote with the cord on it, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know the cable remote was that big. There was no microwave but a nice toaster oven. So I don't know if that has something to do with it with everybody being home now but it seems to be weird acting everything, the plumbing, everything it seems like it's being strained.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's entirely possible. There's I know, I know we had that problem here where we live when everybody first started staying home and working from home and kids
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: doing their school work from home. So I think it did. I mean we live in a small town and so a lot of times the internet strains as it is and then you get everybody working on it all at once and sometimes it does drop out here from that. So um I guess we have to find some things to talk about for another few minutes. So what what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Um Nothing now I well I'm working, I worked with people I'm a helper. So the last thing that I was doing was two different populations of people working with homeless women and Children and then a domestic violence um advocate. So I'm just a helper all over the place so and my education
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is in um in counseling and
SPEAKER_R: counseling social work and along those lines. Yeah, that's got to be very rewarding.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can be draining too. But of course, yeah, it's definitely rewarding.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, yep. So um I am a software engineer. I'm one of those people who just sits at a computer in types all day rights rights programs. I work for a company in in Dallas um And until yeah they moved my job remote about five years ago and
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: I lived
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: there until five years ago and I work for a company that makes networking equipment um that the internet and tv run on. So Um I've worked for them for 18 years now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's the kind
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: of work
SPEAKER_R: I mean.
SPEAKER_L: I should be doing because I'm an introvert, like I hate people, but I love to help them. I don't That's weird.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That's that's that's an odd combination, right? An introvert plus, you know what to help everybody? Yeah. Well no, I get that. I mean I've I've worked at home here you know by myself for the last five years so it's easy to kind of fall into that mode where you just get used to not talking to people and then you add the pandemic on top of it when you're
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: meet.
SPEAKER_R: out. You know for basic things every week or two weeks or so. And you can kind of really get trapped in your own head a little bit. Well so do you live by yourself or do you have family there?
SPEAKER_L: Um my Children, I have a 30 year old and I have a 23 year old and their home. Yeah. And so I call it my roommates down because now they're old enough to help with the bills and buy me things, which
SPEAKER_R: There you go.
SPEAKER_L: is amazing. I had never thought about that. Like I had never reflected on my life when I would, you know, do things for my mom and oh, I'll buy lunch, but now I'm on the receiving end, it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: I remember going without shoes and stuff, so yeah, good investment, but
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: I enjoy,
SPEAKER_R: you go.
SPEAKER_L: we're enjoying each other. We're having
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: a great time.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: So we're close knit anyway, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah so I have, my son turns 29 this month so close to the same age. And then I have a daughter who turned 28 this year so there are about 18 months apart. But they both still they both still live in the Dallas area which is where they were born and grew up so they stayed behind or so you know they have their lives there and they come see me because I have a boat. So everyone they'll come see me when they want to, you know go out on the lake and stuff like that. But so they don't buy me that much because they're not because they're not here, it would be nice if they were here to help out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Or just hang out. Come on. Like, I'm like, imagine having a beer with my 23 year old, like, that's weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No and that's that's my son jokes about that all the time, you know, especially when he turned 21 he's like dad let's go have a beer and I'm like, oh let me ask your mom, yeah, let me ask your mom if that's okay. I know she'll say no. But yeah, there um So yeah, we're kinda at that stage of life where you know we're kind of we're still parents to our kids but now we're also parents to our parents at the same time
SPEAKER_L: I went through the app. Well, I was doing that at 20, I'm gonna change of life baby. So everybody thought that in school and elementary and high school, that my mom was my grandma, so I began caring for my mother when I was 21. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so, and she held on for 20 years, which was a blessing if you don't, but I didn't care for home and care for her in the home. So, and then then I care for my sister too and could continue because my mom had a stroke like while she was taking care of her mom. So I ended up taking care of everybody
SPEAKER_R: Everybody.
SPEAKER_L: when I should have been out here partying, you know, and and learning to be me. But I was a caregiver, so I've already experienced that, so I don't know. But a lot of my friends are going through that now, you know, and they can and they kind of say it was I didn't know it was so rough and you know, wow,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you were like a kid doing and I'm like, I know all right, But maybe it saved me. I don't know. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: This is this was really our first experience with it. Um My dad and my wife's dad both passed away suddenly so they never they never needed you know long term care or anyone to take care of them and then my wife's mom is still relatively young and she's healthy and then my mom, you know this has been the first time that she's had a surgery or an extended illness after my dad passed away. So this is you know the first time she really needed somebody from the family to move in with her for a while and take care of her. So we're actually going back at the end of this week, you know for another couple of weeks we had someone else step in, you know and is going to spend this week with her and then we're gonna go back and spend another three or four weeks until she's completely self reliant again. But yeah, it was,
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: You know when she first
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: got home it was it was crazy. It was it was a 24/7
SPEAKER_L: Going here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: job, you know, all night, all day,
SPEAKER_L: Angry.
SPEAKER_R: you know bathroom and shower and help with
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: everything and I don't think I was fully prepared
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: for how much work that was going to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's how it was for my father and my brothers like because I think we are as you know, we process things differently and I just went out right and I guess to the nurturing mommy and me, you know? But my brothers were like, you know, and I understood that I'm glad I did being that young, I understood that you know that they're not going to be able to, they don't want to see her like that and you know what's hard just hard for them to process. But it sounds like you guys were able to get a little break in. You know, you you got somebody there with her right now where you don't have to worry, you can come home and you know, get a break in and top any loose ends and then go back refreshed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true and you know we're fortunate that it's two of us um because we have, you know, we have complementary skill sets I would say and you know my wife's more of the nurturer and I'm more of the keep the medicine straight and keep you, you know on schedule and you know we play bad cop, good cop, you know and getting her to do what she's supposed to do with her therapy and all that. You know she's got a get up and move around even when she doesn't want to and yeah, sometimes it's tough to be stern on a parent,
SPEAKER_L: Already
SPEAKER_R: you know, sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: you're right.
SPEAKER_R: And even you know it got, it almost got worse if she got better because if she started feeling better, she was more, you know stubborn about wanting to do her thing and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bet.
SPEAKER_R: want to go the I want to go to the store and I wanna, you know, I want to go to church and I want to go do this and that now. No mom you can't do that. Well I'm the parent here, you can't tell me what Sure, well right now we can and right now we're going to and we kind of use that as the carrots, like well when you get better you can do it the way you want, but for now why are you getting better? You're going to do things the way we think is best. So it was it was interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I mean, I know exactly how you feel. My might be a little worser. I'm raising hell mad about it. I want the cookies, you're a diabetic. Have a lord to do.
SPEAKER_R: right. Oh yeah. So who we went through a similar but different because she um she has kidney failure and she was on dialysis for a long time and so she has a very strict, you know, low sodium low potassium
SPEAKER_L: for me,
SPEAKER_R: diet that excludes a lot of stuff that she really likes and she's really stubborn about not wanting to follow, you know, the diet she's supposed to be on and you just gotta gotta put your foot down.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And food is good. And right now we need comfort food. So
SPEAKER_R: Right, so, you know, my wife had the challenge of making meals that she would enjoy and that she's allowed to have and that she wouldn't complain about and you know, trying to keep
SPEAKER_L: Ever.
SPEAKER_R: her entertained and then of course, all of that going on during the election and we're trying to mom
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: just leave the tv off, you don't need to be watching all this stuff going on, this is just going to get you your blood pressure all up
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and everything.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I get that. I was worked up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so she's kind
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: of central.
SPEAKER_L: was a good man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, but you know, we're trying to trying to wean her off her pain meds because she's on a lot of HYDROcodone and bike it in and trying to get that all under control and you know, it turns out that she had been taking it Like the entire seven years she had done, you know, with that infection and with that roger back causing her pain and I don't think that the doctor who has given her that medicine has a lot of interest in getting her off of it because it seems to be a big business for him, prescribing opioids and so word, word trump, we're trying to work on getting that tapered off and and that's another big challenge as well as dealing with that. But you know, she's finally to the point where she understands and realizes that that's not the healthy thing to be doing long term and that, you know, we've got to slowly step her off that stuff, find her a new doctor for managing her pain and hopefully, you know, with that rod out and the infection gone, hopefully pain is not a problem going forward. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: wow. It sounds like you guys are a strong support system and you know what you're doing, You know, you're
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: we're getting that way, it was almost like when you have your first child, you know when you have your first baby and you don't know what you're doing, you're like, am I going to make a mistake? Am I gonna mess up my doing something wrong? You know? It was it felt like that quite a bit at first, but I think I think we're starting to starting to get a grip on it. And of course we're, you know, calling her several times a day and reminding her, okay, it's time to take this pill and it's time to do this and it's time to do your exercises and but hopefully she'll be all right. She's got a lot of she's got a lot of people from church who are coming in and helping her out and she's got a big church family and that helps
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: two with all that. All right, Well, I think we're pretty close to our time. We got about about half a minute left or so, but it was sure nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. It was a pleasure. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I hope we have the opportunity to run into each other again and another video chat maybe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that would be great. I think I'm going to sign up for another one. I think you can do like seven.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely. Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: it said seven. I always get a little nervous right at the right at the beginning. I don't know why. You know, I see it on the calendar and I'm like, do I really want to do that today? AM I in the mood to meet somebody do today? And then, you know, two minutes into it? I'm always glad that I did and
SPEAKER_L: told you I was scared. I was like, I don't know about this. This is weird, but I'm going to do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well with that, I think I'm gonna go ahead and sign off. It was really a pleasure talking to you today.
SPEAKER_L: Same here. Why you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: wish you guys the best of luck?
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: you very
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: to your mom and
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: wife.
SPEAKER_R: you. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Alright. And best to your family as well.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Bye.