crazy. Oh my gosh, they're not here yet. I don't know if I hope they show up. We all need the money. We're in this together. Are you going out of here? Okay. Because my heart's beating for that for this for stacks because I feel like that's what you're gonna do. I will wait. I don't know if I can make it today. I ain't gonna lie to you. You know, I'm always game to walk up. Oh my God, I'm gonna take a Tylenol now. Oh my God, do I look okay Colvin at home? Hi boy, all of this is too much? Yeah. Oh
hi,
I'm good.
I'm desiree.
Uh huh. The best I can write. How are you?
Do you
care?
Okay, how's she doing?
Great.
And you
Wonderful.
Alright. She's a fighter. Check her out. Is she
The greatest
generation. Like they can do it. That's pretty cool. Good. Well I'm glad especially now, you know with everything that's going on with the older population and what's going on in the world. She could have really been adversely affected like that's amazing. That's a blessing. I'm sorry if you don't,
but I'm gonna say blessing.
What's
up?
Yeah. Oh cool. What what, where are you like in the world?
that's broadway.
What?
I
am
in sooner
Cincinnati. Ohio I'm
sometimes
being
being
hi Owen. Yes and yeah.
Okay. You guys have to come to Cincinnati. I don't know why I I'm trying to leave, I don't know why, but I guess that's the thing to say. Right?
No.
Well the thing here in Cincinnati is well right now it's sunny, it's a little nippy out there and chris it's beautiful though. It's red, it's green, it's brown, it's gold orange, it's everything. But maybe by noon it might be snowing, it might be raining, It might be 90°.. I don't know because
we're in the valley, you know? So the weather changes like you could be on one side of the street and it will be raining across the street and it's a whole different world over there. That's weird.
Same
here.
it kind
of changes because when I got up this morning it was cold and gray and weird. Then the sun came out and all the feral cats and the birds and everything is out and I'm like check them out and join it. Why? I see right here you you don't but now as we're talking it's starting to get a little gray, but the scenery is still beautiful. Like it looks like autumn here. It's beautiful.
Well that's wonderful because it's nothing like, I don't know, it's just having a hot cup of something and just watching the leaves fall and I don't know. I guess I submit Midwestern Girl and me.
I've
been doing prolific for about maybe since the pandemic, maybe a couple of weeks just before the lockdown shut down here. So yeah, about 15 weeks I want to say. Yeah.
In
the
I
love
it.
Yeah. I thought that I was the only one that felt like that way. Like that's one is one of my hobbies. I don't understand it, but I like it and I like doing other sites to and getting test products and stuff like that. Like that's fun too.
This is my 2nd 1. Yeah.
That's crazy.
What?
It is. I was scared at first I was like, I don't know about this. And I'm like, but I'm that person that talked to everybody, They tell me everything in the grocery store, you know, at the bus stop. So I said it should be okay.
I finally had a little lag. Uh huh.
Yeah. I don't know if it's
like a strain on the grid or I know it's a lot of kids around. I don't know, I'm not a millennial. I don't know what's going on. But you know, with me, if it's raining, they're not acting up. You know, I've come from a generation where we had a remote with the cord on it, you know? Yeah.
You know the cable remote was that big. There was no microwave but a nice toaster oven. So I don't know if that has something to do with it with everybody being home now but it seems to be weird acting everything, the plumbing, everything it seems like it's being strained.
Just
Um Nothing now I well I'm working, I worked with people I'm a helper. So the last thing that I was doing was two different populations of people working with homeless women and Children and then a domestic violence um advocate. So I'm just a helper all over the place so and my education
is in um in counseling and
Yeah, I can be draining too. But of course, yeah, it's definitely rewarding.
Did
not.
That's the kind
of work
I should be doing because I'm an introvert, like I hate people, but I love to help them. I don't That's weird.
When
you
meet.
Um my Children, I have a 30 year old and I have a 23 year old and their home. Yeah. And so I call it my roommates down because now they're old enough to help with the bills and buy me things, which
is amazing. I had never thought about that. Like I had never reflected on my life when I would, you know, do things for my mom and oh, I'll buy lunch, but now I'm on the receiving end, it's pretty cool.
I remember going without shoes and stuff, so yeah, good investment, but
I enjoy,
we're enjoying each other. We're having
a great time.
So we're close knit anyway, so
Or just hang out. Come on. Like, I'm like, imagine having a beer with my 23 year old, like, that's weird.
I went through the app. Well, I was doing that at 20, I'm gonna change of life baby. So everybody thought that in school and elementary and high school, that my mom was my grandma, so I began caring for my mother when I was 21. Yeah,
so, and she held on for 20 years, which was a blessing if you don't, but I didn't care for home and care for her in the home. So, and then then I care for my sister too and could continue because my mom had a stroke like while she was taking care of her mom. So I ended up taking care of everybody
when I should have been out here partying, you know, and and learning to be me. But I was a caregiver, so I've already experienced that, so I don't know. But a lot of my friends are going through that now, you know, and they can and they kind of say it was I didn't know it was so rough and you know, wow,
you were like a kid doing and I'm like, I know all right, But maybe it saved me. I don't know. Uh huh. Yeah.
Look
what?
Going here. Yeah.
Angry.
What?
What?
Yeah, that's how it was for my father and my brothers like because I think we are as you know, we process things differently and I just went out right and I guess to the nurturing mommy and me, you know? But my brothers were like, you know, and I understood that I'm glad I did being that young, I understood that you know that they're not going to be able to, they don't want to see her like that and you know what's hard just hard for them to process. But it sounds like you guys were able to get a little break in. You know, you you got somebody there with her right now where you don't have to worry, you can come home and you know, get a break in and top any loose ends and then go back refreshed.
Already
you're right.
I
bet.
I know. I mean, I know exactly how you feel. My might be a little worser. I'm raising hell mad about it. I want the cookies, you're a diabetic. Have a lord to do.
for me,
Yeah. And food is good. And right now we need comfort food. So
Ever.
No.
I
mean, I get that. I was worked up. Yeah.
that
was a good man.
wow. It sounds like you guys are a strong support system and you know what you're doing, You know, you're
that's good.
Good.
Yes. It was a pleasure. Yes.
Yeah, that would be great. I think I'm going to sign up for another one. I think you can do like seven.
You're
told you I was scared. I was like, I don't know about this. This is weird, but I'm going to do it. Yeah.
Okay.
Same here. Why you
wish you guys the best of luck?
My
love
to your mom and
wife.
Thanks. Bye.