SPEAKER_L: okay. They're not here. How they got out here when it starts to just not coming over here. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: You hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, can you hear me high?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can hear you. Hi.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not.
SPEAKER_R: There's a little bit of lag
SPEAKER_L: You had.
SPEAKER_R: in the sound. Maybe it'll get better. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I just wanna see if I can change my microphone, but I can't uh maybe look better.
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh You know, with everything, it's like I guess I'm fine, but it
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: definitely could be better. How about you? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Is this your first conversation or have you done this perform?
SPEAKER_L: No, I was gonna ask you, this is actually, I think my 4th one at this point maybe. Seth
SPEAKER_R: It's my third. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they're fun. I like them, I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My son is doing these awesome. Yeah, that's how, what about three p.m. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: I've been trying to get my husband to like do some things, but he's like, I don't have time for that, so it's mostly new. Um Where are you from? I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: from Missouri that I live in north Carolina. More
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. Um I live in new york city.
SPEAKER_R: new york city fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how are things in north Carolina? And
SPEAKER_R: the taliban, I mean, covid wise work, otherwise, public
SPEAKER_L: That's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: profit wise, you know, it's pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: Things are, you know, they're actually okay for a while here. Um Like we really had it, I think under control, but all of a sudden it's like spiking again and you know, now they're talking about shutting everything down again and it's just so frustrating because I feel like we did this already, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: There was a press conference and um, the fracture of services and they said they weren't going to had any restriction to us, right? People are so tired of Covid and they're not following, they're not, fuck. So they're
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: not going to
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: add it
SPEAKER_L: head,
SPEAKER_R: if you will.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well, yeah, I think that is kind of what happens like, you know, people took it really seriously and you know, I think for the most part people followed what they were supposed to, but you know, then it's like okay, I did what I was supposed to and now they're just ready to, you know, go out again because it's like, you know, how long will be expected. But I mean I've I think I've been really trying, like I have barely done anything these past eight months. Um like barely seen my family. I've barely like I don't go out with friends, you know, if I meet anybody, we meet like in Central Park or something where it's outside and then that's it. Um You're a video
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: went away. Uh
SPEAKER_R: do what?
SPEAKER_L: I can't see your video anymore. Wait,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I don't know. That
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: that? Okay. You're good now. Okay, bye. Jacob.
SPEAKER_R: I'm here with my students.
SPEAKER_L: Um Okay. Uh Yeah, what you're saying? So I'm a teacher also, so like the restrictions in schools has been completely crazy. Um the, so that the schools are open two days a week here. Um But the thing
SPEAKER_R: Owen.
SPEAKER_L: is like nobody comes, like the kids just are not coming. So like today I had uh there were six kids in the entire building. There was like one classroom with two kids and then another classroom with four kids and then that's it. And like normally it's, you know, like 30% classrooms. Um Yeah, like 95% of them wanted to go remote, so that's what it's been. Um
SPEAKER_R: wow. I don't even know what the rules are doing here because my kids are who they are. Um, I have one son
SPEAKER_L: Yea,
SPEAKER_R: who graduated probably DNA graduation and then my younger woman,
SPEAKER_L: yea,
SPEAKER_R: woman and he's in community college and getting ready to transport the column
SPEAKER_L: yea,
SPEAKER_R: in the first number. Um, so I don't even know what have we here.
SPEAKER_L: it seems to really vary from state to stay in the city to city. Um I'm just finding it like, I'm only teaching two days a week, so, you know, getting through everything so slowly, I teach high school english, you know? And like, normally at this point we might have read like two books already, but we've barely started, you know, the first book because, you know, they're just not in school, like for any significant amount of time.
SPEAKER_R: So they go
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: to school two days a week and then you're not online
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: the other time
SPEAKER_L: the ones who are signed up to come in person come two days a week, the ones who are remote have remote classes two days a week. But then the
SPEAKER_R: button.
SPEAKER_L: other three days are just like office hours. So there's not actually a lesson, it's like, you know, if they need help, they can come ask teachers for help, but you know it went from like five lessons a week to only two lessons a week and it's not enough time, you know like it's not fair to them, but at
SPEAKER_R: Can
SPEAKER_L: the same
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: time we tried doing a zoom lesson every single day and it was just too much for them, you know, they just couldn't keep up with it like eight periods a day every single day, so this is what's working for them, like you know having to be responsible for themselves, but at the same time it's like they're missing so much instruction. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, wow, It's crazy. It's crazy
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: is and I just feel bad because you know there's so much inequality with how it worked out. Like I teach at a very low income school and if you're familiar with the east Harlem area and you know they're just so behind already and uh you know, compared to like the private schools where they have figured out how to do five days a week, it's like, you know, it's just not equitable. So that kind of sucks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can see that. I mean for me to do this conversation with you, I have to go, you know, making a bedroom and shut the door over because the rest of my family is living and make you know what? And I know, I mean you were a kid trying to do a full uh huh. And we live in a nice pretty big house and four of us and I know that there are people, you know kids that are in counties with a lot of people in this small space.
SPEAKER_L: It's honestly something that I never really like considered, you know, until you're like seeing that play out in real time that like, you know, a student will tell me they can't turn the camera on because they have to watch their five siblings, you know, we're also like trying to do online schooling and their younger, so like my students is responsible. Um, you know, we have students who are like homeless shelters, you know, and trying to do it from there and it's just like, you know, you don't realize how much of like a safe haven going to school is every day and how much you just take it for granted. Um Yeah. What about your son's community colleges that online?
SPEAKER_R: It's completely online. Yeah. Um in March, right, when this all started um we always done and come home from work and like path to come home for a week and while he would come for that week, everything changed and he didn't go back. There was no going back. You get not even allowed to go back and get more stuff or anything like that. Um And then so my youngest son who went online um completely and it still is.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, I feel, you know, I feel bad, but like especially because I teach seniors, you know, so like I feel like for four years we like hyped them off about going to college, you know, and like being on campus and you know, we got something so ready for that and now they're just sitting at home and you know, they're getting the college curriculum, but it's not really the college experience. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Right. I just I don't know, 20 year old, he took a gap year before he even went to community college and then He will earn 30 hour, um, by May very slowly. I mean he's taking like half time one, so in May he's supposed to go to college and the program warm is very well, it's a product design degree. So it's very, you know, it's a marker type thing. They use a lot of, you know, like there's something else making banking conferences online and so I'm not sure what's going to happen. He's worried that he's been, I mean, he's already gonna be E 24 when he graduated from college instead of, you know, normally you're younger than that. And he's wondering if he's not gonna even, you know, maybe he won't be able to book may, maybe we won't be able to do this program because they won't be able to offer in person classes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's really interesting. I never really thought about for those like hands on kind of major is um you know, I was like a humanities person, so like everything was kind of like lectures, but yeah, I mean how do you do it online? You can't, that's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All of them like the megaphone degrees, like community college types of electrical and plumbing and all of those programs, really, really travel with him.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I can't even imagine, I mean unless somebody develops, you know, some like online software, so like mimic it, but that's not even the same, you know? So.
SPEAKER_R: It's just not. So, I mean he's saying, you know, if you can't start in mourning, then he has to win political, man, I guess go three if you're going to transfer me and starting this summer. So he's just look at me thinking, you know how old I am. Boom and graduate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think, I don't know a lot of college graduates, like in a tough spot right now, I mean the very least, like it seems like the job market is terrible in a lot of places, although actually it kind of seems like that the hands on stuff is like one of the more lucrative pathways, you know, I always hear people recommending, you know, doing like plumbing, electricity, things like that are always going to be a need for that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My older son, a computer sign burden. And we find a job. Well, the officers club he's from.
SPEAKER_L: feel so bad. My brother graduated um not last year, the year before and he really has not been able to find anything. He like, since he was little, his passion has been like film, movies, tv, like he would love to work, he would die to work at like Disney or like NBC or something like that. But it's so hard to get a job. And one of those companies um I like now especially there's no production happening like every single movie tv show is completely halted. So I don't know, I got worried for him, you know, I feel like every like time that passes since graduation is just like, you know, it makes it less and less likely. I don't know. I just uh you know, I wish maybe he had done like more internships or something to get a foot in the door. But it seems like it's really hard for, you know, not just him for everyone. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he was.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I don't know. Hopefully like eventually, you know, with the vaccine when you get back to normal, so we'll say. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And putting a lot of faith in because
SPEAKER_L: it's really
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: just like I'm finding it hard to even like envision going back to normal, you know? Um Like sometimes you know you'll be watching Tv or something and like you see a movie where there's like a big party or like a big concert it seems like so far in you know like I can't imagine
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: going back to that.
SPEAKER_R: we're standing right now. We're not wearing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's just like such a weird time. You know like uh sometimes I just get it in my head like oh we should like invite another couple over for dinner and then it's like oh wait like we can't do that obviously. That's crazy. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's hard. So on the press conference they were giving guidance for thanksgiving. Yeah. And they said, first of all, don't in english and don't don't have thanksgiving dinner with anybody, but if you have to um be outside where a mask the whole time you can't eat and uh Not more than 10 people. Oh that is very bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I honestly I actually don't even know what we're gonna do for thanksgiving. Um Usually we see my parents and my husband but my mom is really nervous and I don't want to make them do anything. You know she's uncomfortable with uh You know I decided we could do the backyard. But I don't know like she's high risk, my brother's high risk so I don't want to you know be the cause of anything. Um But then my husband's parents say we should come to them. But I don't know. You know it would just be us and them. But like uh you never know. I don't know. I'm a little torn right now. Uh It's just hard. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: luckily in my family, it's my husband and I marched boys um who I mean normally we're not living together, we had expected that only a woman would be in a different city working right now. So it was kind of special that we had this time together, but we are the only ones in the area in the sense you have other relatives that we would be going to. No. So luckily I don't that decision
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. You know you can just feel like be with like immediate family like parents that's really nice to you know, I wish I could do with one of our parents. Um You know there's been so like we're jewish me and my husband. So there's been like so many jewish holidays the past couple of months and we pretty much spends all of them alone. You know? So we're kind of used
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: are.
SPEAKER_L: it uh like you know, for everything they would pass over, like normally you'd have a big seder like a big family meal and we did it just me and my husband and two of us, but like it was kind of nice in a way, you know. Uh It was like a special time. Um We've been married like a year and a half, so it was uh you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know to have like one of our first like holiday meal is just the two of us was kind of nice, you like cooked just ourselves, but at the same time it's like you know, I'm ready to see family again, you know, it's hard. Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: mm You lived in new york to hawaii,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I grew up in Long Island um pretty much like everybody moves to the city post college, you know, because that's where the apartments are, jobs are, so I'm really enjoying it living in the city. Although it's hard when you can't do anything, you know, Because first of all, we're playing like crazy Manhattan rents prices and everything is closed, you know? It's like we literally just spend our time in this shoebox apartments. Um Yeah, actually, like slowly but surely museums are starting to open at very reduced capacity. We have outdoor dining at restaurants. So yeah, there are ways to, you know, take advantage of the city, but it's just not the same. Um We've mostly been going to Central Park. That's like one place that we feel comfortable with and watching a lot of tv. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Thanks for Manson. Uh huh. My family, a lot of walks.
SPEAKER_L: Rocks. Um Actually, you know, we visited his parents once in the suburbs last month, and it was nice to be able to walk around the suburbs, like without necessarily wearing a mask. You know, because like, some of the like, uh, streets, you know, there's like nobody there, so you don't have to wear your mask. But like in New york city, there's people everywhere. So the second you step out your door, you have to put the mask on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I've never been to new york city. I want to go from the time.
SPEAKER_L: it's nice. Don't come now, but eventually.
SPEAKER_R: There are many, It's fun which we fight with our my 20 year old because he has a friend in New York City. He was going through a really from Conan. Yeah, yeah, he was really not. And so I only wanted to go there and all of these plans on how to get to the city and we're just like it's not it's not safe.
SPEAKER_L: I got the temptation, but this is like the worst place to come. There's so many people um people everywhere. And we have all these quarantine rules if you come to quarantine for two weeks, I don't know how many people are actually doing that, but they're supposed to. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I told him that before that he would be required to korean food for two weeks. And and he said well fine because all I want to do is see my friend. I don't think that quarantine means you get to see your friend. Um Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's really hard for a lot of people, I think, especially like young people who are living by themselves is like, so isolating. I know a lot of people as soon as depends. I'm excited in new york city just went back home to live with their parents. Um I think I probably would have done if I wasn't married because there's no need to be here, you know. Yeah. But you know then it is kind of not a great situation because you still have to pay rent on your apartment that you're not living in. Um But it's just one of those things like it is what it is. Uh like my husband's company said that they don't they're not going to ask anybody to come back to the building until july at the earliest. So you know as soon as they said that that there's going to be at least like you know a year until I want to come back, everyone they just left, you know like his supervisor lives in uh Wisconsin, Wyoming, she just flew out to be with her parents and she's not coming back until next summer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, I have
SPEAKER_L: It.
SPEAKER_R: been working from home too, based on him home in March, close down the hole co office and I think that he's going to be working from home all of 2021. I don't think anything's going up
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: with this.
SPEAKER_L: really makes you wonder like what it's going to be like after I imagine companies are going to be a lot more flexible, you know on the work from home policy. Uh now that they say it's possible um people are going to start working from home two days, three days a week. Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: We're worried about, I mean we live in a small city and
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the downtown area where
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: my husband works.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: You know, it has all kinds
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: of wonderful restaurants and you know if the officers don't do it, there is not business massively. Um
SPEAKER_L: restaurants
SPEAKER_R: that sound
SPEAKER_L: in New York City are doing so badly. Um especially like in the downtown areas where people don't really live there, they work there, you know? And they're used to like the office lunch crowd sustaining the business like who is ordering right now from the financial district, like nobody, you know and it's horrible. Um but like I don't I don't know what the solution is, like this is so crazy. But I read like 90% of restaurants can't pay the rent this month. Um I don't know like what does that mean? Like what's gonna happen? It's really scary. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't believe.
SPEAKER_L: it's actually I mean being a teacher is like you know we're really the one job where we can't work from home. So uh you know that's um not going to change I guess. Although I really do like working from home in the spring like in March we're working from home and it was nice like I really got used to it. You know I did my zoom classes from my couch right here. Uh And I want to make us go back into the building. It's like you know it's just hard because especially it's only like five kids in the building. So it's like why are we all coming in for this? But you
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine that the people aren't showing up and
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: it's only that's
SPEAKER_L: like most of them are signed up for remote, but a good portion are signed up to come in person and they're just not coming and like, I don't know what's going on. I know everyone has their only personal situations, but like my period class, there's just one girl who sits there, they're supposed to be 12 people and
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: just kind of awkward, just like me and this one students, it
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: gets a lot of one on one hell so that's good. But uh yeah, and then like, I don't know what's going to happen with their final grades, you know, like you can't really penalize people during the pandemic. Um you know, but at the same time there's got to be like some sort of standard to move them up to the next grade level. So that sort of people encouraged to figure out. I'm trying to be like super generous with the grades, you know, as long as they turn in like anything, I pretty much give 100 you know, like I don't want to be the reason that like really stressed out kids during the pandemic is like not going to pass their class, you know? So um but
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard, you know, especially for the ones who don't really know how to be independent and responsible for themselves, who are used to having a teacher like next to them, you know, like urging them on, it's like a lot of it's a lot to ask them to just have all those skills overnight. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Than us. There's just so many struggles to think about. It's like the struggle they're talking about time Kremlin. That's what our country is. Faith and just a little startling people ever. For me personally, it's been fine. I just stay home. I like my whole family just stays long and we still have the Minuteman Movement. You know, we ordered groceries shopping for them ourselves. But other than that I got, you know, it's really been fine and I know I can just feel the sadness and the hurt throughout our country.
SPEAKER_L: It's funny you say that because I also kind of selfishly feel like this is fine for us, you know? I kind of like staying home. You know I like being a home body and watching cooking a lot. So I know people are really super struggling but like thank God like I still have my job, my husband has his job, you know financially like they weren't really affected. Um You know it's kind of nice spending more time together if anything. Uh you can
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: just feel
SPEAKER_R: was our 20 minutes honor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice talking to you. Best of luck to you. Thank you for sharing your
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: life. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: good luck to your son's college, everything. Um
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You take care. Bye bye.