You hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you. Hi.
There's a little bit of lag
in the sound. Maybe it'll get better. I don't know.
How are you?
And
Is this your first conversation or have you done this perform?
It's my third. Yeah.
My son is doing these awesome. Yeah, that's how, what about three p.m. Mm.
I'm
from Missouri that I live in north Carolina. More
new york city fine.
the taliban, I mean, covid wise work, otherwise, public
profit wise, you know, it's pretty bad.
There was a press conference and um, the fracture of services and they said they weren't going to had any restriction to us, right? People are so tired of Covid and they're not following, they're not, fuck. So they're
not going to
add it
if you will.
And
do what?
Oh, I don't know. That
would
I'm here with my students.
Owen.
wow. I don't even know what the rules are doing here because my kids are who they are. Um, I have one son
who graduated probably DNA graduation and then my younger woman,
woman and he's in community college and getting ready to transport the column
in the first number. Um, so I don't even know what have we here.
So they go
to school two days a week and then you're not online
the other time
button.
Can
you?
Yeah, wow, It's crazy. It's crazy
here.
Yeah. I can see that. I mean for me to do this conversation with you, I have to go, you know, making a bedroom and shut the door over because the rest of my family is living and make you know what? And I know, I mean you were a kid trying to do a full uh huh. And we live in a nice pretty big house and four of us and I know that there are people, you know kids that are in counties with a lot of people in this small space.
It's completely online. Yeah. Um in March, right, when this all started um we always done and come home from work and like path to come home for a week and while he would come for that week, everything changed and he didn't go back. There was no going back. You get not even allowed to go back and get more stuff or anything like that. Um And then so my youngest son who went online um completely and it still is.
Right. I just I don't know, 20 year old, he took a gap year before he even went to community college and then He will earn 30 hour, um, by May very slowly. I mean he's taking like half time one, so in May he's supposed to go to college and the program warm is very well, it's a product design degree. So it's very, you know, it's a marker type thing. They use a lot of, you know, like there's something else making banking conferences online and so I'm not sure what's going to happen. He's worried that he's been, I mean, he's already gonna be E 24 when he graduated from college instead of, you know, normally you're younger than that. And he's wondering if he's not gonna even, you know, maybe he won't be able to book may, maybe we won't be able to do this program because they won't be able to offer in person classes. Yeah.
Yeah. All of them like the megaphone degrees, like community college types of electrical and plumbing and all of those programs, really, really travel with him.
It's just not. So, I mean he's saying, you know, if you can't start in mourning, then he has to win political, man, I guess go three if you're going to transfer me and starting this summer. So he's just look at me thinking, you know how old I am. Boom and graduate.
Yeah. My older son, a computer sign burden. And we find a job. Well, the officers club he's from.
Yeah, he was.
And putting a lot of faith in because
I'm,
What
we're standing right now. We're not wearing that.
Yeah, it's hard. So on the press conference they were giving guidance for thanksgiving. Yeah. And they said, first of all, don't in english and don't don't have thanksgiving dinner with anybody, but if you have to um be outside where a mask the whole time you can't eat and uh Not more than 10 people. Oh that is very bad.
luckily in my family, it's my husband and I marched boys um who I mean normally we're not living together, we had expected that only a woman would be in a different city working right now. So it was kind of special that we had this time together, but we are the only ones in the area in the sense you have other relatives that we would be going to. No. So luckily I don't that decision
we
are.
No.
yeah,
mm You lived in new york to hawaii,
yeah. Thanks for Manson. Uh huh. My family, a lot of walks.
Right. Yeah. I've never been to new york city. I want to go from the time.
There are many, It's fun which we fight with our my 20 year old because he has a friend in New York City. He was going through a really from Conan. Yeah, yeah, he was really not. And so I only wanted to go there and all of these plans on how to get to the city and we're just like it's not it's not safe.
Yeah. I told him that before that he would be required to korean food for two weeks. And and he said well fine because all I want to do is see my friend. I don't think that quarantine means you get to see your friend. Um Yeah. Okay.
wow. Yeah, I have
been working from home too, based on him home in March, close down the hole co office and I think that he's going to be working from home all of 2021. I don't think anything's going up
with this.
We're worried about, I mean we live in a small city and
the downtown area where
my husband works.
You know, it has all kinds
of wonderful restaurants and you know if the officers don't do it, there is not business massively. Um
that sound
Yeah, I don't believe.
I can't imagine that the people aren't showing up and
it's only that's
no
one
well,
Mm.
Than us. There's just so many struggles to think about. It's like the struggle they're talking about time Kremlin. That's what our country is. Faith and just a little startling people ever. For me personally, it's been fine. I just stay home. I like my whole family just stays long and we still have the Minuteman Movement. You know, we ordered groceries shopping for them ourselves. But other than that I got, you know, it's really been fine and I know I can just feel the sadness and the hurt throughout our country.
That
was our 20 minutes honor. Yeah.
Nice talking to you. Best of luck to you. Thank you for sharing your
life. Mhm.
Thank you. You take care. Bye bye.