okay. They're not here. How they got out here when it starts to just not coming over here. Hello?
Yes, can you hear me high?
I'm not.
You had.
Yeah. Yeah, I just wanna see if I can change my microphone, but I can't uh maybe look better.
Uh You know, with everything, it's like I guess I'm fine, but it
definitely could be better. How about you? Yeah,
No, I was gonna ask you, this is actually, I think my 4th one at this point maybe. Seth
they're fun. I like them, I think. Yeah.
I've been trying to get my husband to like do some things, but he's like, I don't have time for that, so it's mostly new. Um Where are you from? I
don't know.
Okay, cool. Um I live in new york city.
Yeah. So how are things in north Carolina? And
That's nice. Yeah.
Things are, you know, they're actually okay for a while here. Um Like we really had it, I think under control, but all of a sudden it's like spiking again and you know, now they're talking about shutting everything down again and it's just so frustrating because I feel like we did this already, you know? Yeah.
So
your
head,
Oh well, yeah, I think that is kind of what happens like, you know, people took it really seriously and you know, I think for the most part people followed what they were supposed to, but you know, then it's like okay, I did what I was supposed to and now they're just ready to, you know, go out again because it's like, you know, how long will be expected. But I mean I've I think I've been really trying, like I have barely done anything these past eight months. Um like barely seen my family. I've barely like I don't go out with friends, you know, if I meet anybody, we meet like in Central Park or something where it's outside and then that's it. Um You're a video
went away. Uh
I can't see your video anymore. Wait,
what's
that? Okay. You're good now. Okay, bye. Jacob.
Um Okay. Uh Yeah, what you're saying? So I'm a teacher also, so like the restrictions in schools has been completely crazy. Um the, so that the schools are open two days a week here. Um But the thing
is like nobody comes, like the kids just are not coming. So like today I had uh there were six kids in the entire building. There was like one classroom with two kids and then another classroom with four kids and then that's it. And like normally it's, you know, like 30% classrooms. Um Yeah, like 95% of them wanted to go remote, so that's what it's been. Um
Yea,
yea,
yea,
it seems to really vary from state to stay in the city to city. Um I'm just finding it like, I'm only teaching two days a week, so, you know, getting through everything so slowly, I teach high school english, you know? And like, normally at this point we might have read like two books already, but we've barely started, you know, the first book because, you know, they're just not in school, like for any significant amount of time.
You,
so
the ones who are signed up to come in person come two days a week, the ones who are remote have remote classes two days a week. But then the
other three days are just like office hours. So there's not actually a lesson, it's like, you know, if they need help, they can come ask teachers for help, but you know it went from like five lessons a week to only two lessons a week and it's not enough time, you know like it's not fair to them, but at
the same
time we tried doing a zoom lesson every single day and it was just too much for them, you know, they just couldn't keep up with it like eight periods a day every single day, so this is what's working for them, like you know having to be responsible for themselves, but at the same time it's like they're missing so much instruction. Yeah
it
is and I just feel bad because you know there's so much inequality with how it worked out. Like I teach at a very low income school and if you're familiar with the east Harlem area and you know they're just so behind already and uh you know, compared to like the private schools where they have figured out how to do five days a week, it's like, you know, it's just not equitable. So that kind of sucks. Yeah.
It's honestly something that I never really like considered, you know, until you're like seeing that play out in real time that like, you know, a student will tell me they can't turn the camera on because they have to watch their five siblings, you know, we're also like trying to do online schooling and their younger, so like my students is responsible. Um, you know, we have students who are like homeless shelters, you know, and trying to do it from there and it's just like, you know, you don't realize how much of like a safe haven going to school is every day and how much you just take it for granted. Um Yeah. What about your son's community colleges that online?
Well, yeah, I feel, you know, I feel bad, but like especially because I teach seniors, you know, so like I feel like for four years we like hyped them off about going to college, you know, and like being on campus and you know, we got something so ready for that and now they're just sitting at home and you know, they're getting the college curriculum, but it's not really the college experience. Uh
that's really interesting. I never really thought about for those like hands on kind of major is um you know, I was like a humanities person, so like everything was kind of like lectures, but yeah, I mean how do you do it online? You can't, that's crazy. Yeah.
Right. I can't even imagine, I mean unless somebody develops, you know, some like online software, so like mimic it, but that's not even the same, you know? So.
Yeah. I think, I don't know a lot of college graduates, like in a tough spot right now, I mean the very least, like it seems like the job market is terrible in a lot of places, although actually it kind of seems like that the hands on stuff is like one of the more lucrative pathways, you know, I always hear people recommending, you know, doing like plumbing, electricity, things like that are always going to be a need for that. Yeah.
feel so bad. My brother graduated um not last year, the year before and he really has not been able to find anything. He like, since he was little, his passion has been like film, movies, tv, like he would love to work, he would die to work at like Disney or like NBC or something like that. But it's so hard to get a job. And one of those companies um I like now especially there's no production happening like every single movie tv show is completely halted. So I don't know, I got worried for him, you know, I feel like every like time that passes since graduation is just like, you know, it makes it less and less likely. I don't know. I just uh you know, I wish maybe he had done like more internships or something to get a foot in the door. But it seems like it's really hard for, you know, not just him for everyone. Yeah. But
yeah, but I don't know. Hopefully like eventually, you know, with the vaccine when you get back to normal, so we'll say. Yeah.
it's really
just like I'm finding it hard to even like envision going back to normal, you know? Um Like sometimes you know you'll be watching Tv or something and like you see a movie where there's like a big party or like a big concert it seems like so far in you know like I can't imagine
going back to that.
Yeah it's just like such a weird time. You know like uh sometimes I just get it in my head like oh we should like invite another couple over for dinner and then it's like oh wait like we can't do that obviously. That's crazy. So.
Yeah I honestly I actually don't even know what we're gonna do for thanksgiving. Um Usually we see my parents and my husband but my mom is really nervous and I don't want to make them do anything. You know she's uncomfortable with uh You know I decided we could do the backyard. But I don't know like she's high risk, my brother's high risk so I don't want to you know be the cause of anything. Um But then my husband's parents say we should come to them. But I don't know. You know it would just be us and them. But like uh you never know. I don't know. I'm a little torn right now. Uh It's just hard. Yeah. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. You know you can just feel like be with like immediate family like parents that's really nice to you know, I wish I could do with one of our parents. Um You know there's been so like we're jewish me and my husband. So there's been like so many jewish holidays the past couple of months and we pretty much spends all of them alone. You know? So we're kind of used
to
it uh like you know, for everything they would pass over, like normally you'd have a big seder like a big family meal and we did it just me and my husband and two of us, but like it was kind of nice in a way, you know. Uh It was like a special time. Um We've been married like a year and a half, so it was uh you
know to have like one of our first like holiday meal is just the two of us was kind of nice, you like cooked just ourselves, but at the same time it's like you know, I'm ready to see family again, you know, it's hard. Um
But
yeah, so I grew up in Long Island um pretty much like everybody moves to the city post college, you know, because that's where the apartments are, jobs are, so I'm really enjoying it living in the city. Although it's hard when you can't do anything, you know, Because first of all, we're playing like crazy Manhattan rents prices and everything is closed, you know? It's like we literally just spend our time in this shoebox apartments. Um Yeah, actually, like slowly but surely museums are starting to open at very reduced capacity. We have outdoor dining at restaurants. So yeah, there are ways to, you know, take advantage of the city, but it's just not the same. Um We've mostly been going to Central Park. That's like one place that we feel comfortable with and watching a lot of tv. Yeah.
Rocks. Um Actually, you know, we visited his parents once in the suburbs last month, and it was nice to be able to walk around the suburbs, like without necessarily wearing a mask. You know, because like, some of the like, uh, streets, you know, there's like nobody there, so you don't have to wear your mask. But like in New york city, there's people everywhere. So the second you step out your door, you have to put the mask on. Yeah,
it's nice. Don't come now, but eventually.
I got the temptation, but this is like the worst place to come. There's so many people um people everywhere. And we have all these quarantine rules if you come to quarantine for two weeks, I don't know how many people are actually doing that, but they're supposed to. So. Yeah.
It's really hard for a lot of people, I think, especially like young people who are living by themselves is like, so isolating. I know a lot of people as soon as depends. I'm excited in new york city just went back home to live with their parents. Um I think I probably would have done if I wasn't married because there's no need to be here, you know. Yeah. But you know then it is kind of not a great situation because you still have to pay rent on your apartment that you're not living in. Um But it's just one of those things like it is what it is. Uh like my husband's company said that they don't they're not going to ask anybody to come back to the building until july at the earliest. So you know as soon as they said that that there's going to be at least like you know a year until I want to come back, everyone they just left, you know like his supervisor lives in uh Wisconsin, Wyoming, she just flew out to be with her parents and she's not coming back until next summer. Yeah.
It.
It
really makes you wonder like what it's going to be like after I imagine companies are going to be a lot more flexible, you know on the work from home policy. Uh now that they say it's possible um people are going to start working from home two days, three days a week. Yeah. It's
like
it's
like
it.
restaurants
in New York City are doing so badly. Um especially like in the downtown areas where people don't really live there, they work there, you know? And they're used to like the office lunch crowd sustaining the business like who is ordering right now from the financial district, like nobody, you know and it's horrible. Um but like I don't I don't know what the solution is, like this is so crazy. But I read like 90% of restaurants can't pay the rent this month. Um I don't know like what does that mean? Like what's gonna happen? It's really scary. Um
it's actually I mean being a teacher is like you know we're really the one job where we can't work from home. So uh you know that's um not going to change I guess. Although I really do like working from home in the spring like in March we're working from home and it was nice like I really got used to it. You know I did my zoom classes from my couch right here. Uh And I want to make us go back into the building. It's like you know it's just hard because especially it's only like five kids in the building. So it's like why are we all coming in for this? But you
know,
like most of them are signed up for remote, but a good portion are signed up to come in person and they're just not coming and like, I don't know what's going on. I know everyone has their only personal situations, but like my period class, there's just one girl who sits there, they're supposed to be 12 people and
it
just kind of awkward, just like me and this one students, it
gets a lot of one on one hell so that's good. But uh yeah, and then like, I don't know what's going to happen with their final grades, you know, like you can't really penalize people during the pandemic. Um you know, but at the same time there's got to be like some sort of standard to move them up to the next grade level. So that sort of people encouraged to figure out. I'm trying to be like super generous with the grades, you know, as long as they turn in like anything, I pretty much give 100 you know, like I don't want to be the reason that like really stressed out kids during the pandemic is like not going to pass their class, you know? So um but
it's hard, you know, especially for the ones who don't really know how to be independent and responsible for themselves, who are used to having a teacher like next to them, you know, like urging them on, it's like a lot of it's a lot to ask them to just have all those skills overnight. Yeah.
It's funny you say that because I also kind of selfishly feel like this is fine for us, you know? I kind of like staying home. You know I like being a home body and watching cooking a lot. So I know people are really super struggling but like thank God like I still have my job, my husband has his job, you know financially like they weren't really affected. Um You know it's kind of nice spending more time together if anything. Uh you can
just feel
well it was nice talking to you.
you
good luck to your son's college, everything. Um