SPEAKER_R: Obama and biden spent years trying to play with our second member
SPEAKER_L: go on.
SPEAKER_R: as president. Sorry about that. Doing well yourself.
SPEAKER_L: You're all right.
SPEAKER_R: How's your friday doing so far?
SPEAKER_L: Let's see. Just classes. University student by the way. So just lots and lots of classes online.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. May I ask like what part or what country part of the country you're from? Oh wow. So it's basically was a three p.m. over there?
SPEAKER_L: four pm.
SPEAKER_R: 14.
SPEAKER_L: How about you
SPEAKER_R: uh I'm actually in Florida, so it's
SPEAKER_L: florida.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, just kicked off at seven p.m. over here,
SPEAKER_L: Other side of the country. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yes sir. How many times have you been doing this so far
SPEAKER_L: florida.
SPEAKER_R: or I mean this this prolific.
SPEAKER_L: 2nd time. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh this will be my third time.
SPEAKER_L: Every time I figured it was I figured it was good money, you know, to sit down and talk to somebody, talk with somebody and then get paid. Uh what, Right?
SPEAKER_R: And they're pretty good about payments so far.
SPEAKER_L: I've been a fairly impressed. Their payment is a lot better than quite a few places. I've been
SPEAKER_R: Uh So how long you been doing prolific for it?
SPEAKER_L: a few months now. I used to do swag bucks, but then I realized that swag bucks picked. It's five bucks. They barely pay you anything even when you do complete a survey. And I kind of thought of it like yeah, I'm not wasting my time doing this.
SPEAKER_R: this is something I heard about that. Yeah, I do this as well as I'm not sure if you heard of survey savvy before,
SPEAKER_L: Also look into it. I've heard how's the payout?
SPEAKER_R: it's okay, but I've been locked in this study. I kid you not for nine years. So literally this one study, It's amazing how they do this. I don't know why for nine years I've been doing this study. They literally send you like these big envelopes every month and literally each week you just put your junk mail in it and this research. So you have four or five of clubs every month, you get $10 for that. And then if you give your like your credentials for like my yahoo email, uh they give you $5 on top of that. So essentially 15 bucks a month, literally just put
SPEAKER_L: Sit
SPEAKER_R: all,
SPEAKER_L: in your drink mail.
SPEAKER_R: literally looking at my junk mail.
SPEAKER_L: That's not too bad. Yeah, I mean but you know, it's always good to have a have a side hustle. Especially during the pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I don't blame you, especially being a college student these days, like it's not easy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean one of the issues is obviously employment because it's kind of hard to find a job right now. Plus I am a nursing school. So and that kind of takes precedence.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's funny because it's like because you know it's like nursing school is my job even though it's pretty difficult and all that.
SPEAKER_R: how long have you been uh nursing so far?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Let's see. So how it works and how it works in my program at my university is that we have a you have your prerequisites. So you get a gig biology and anatomy and stuff like that. And then you have your when you have a three year course, The prerequisites can take you anywhere from 1-2 years to do. Mine took me about one year but I did a lot of ap classes in high school. So I kind of got I got I I got off really easy.
SPEAKER_R: understood.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What about you? What are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm currently in the automotive industry, um working with the retail uh reimbursement programs. I'm just an admin. I've been here for close to a year. Um luckily, I mean I got this job literally six years parts of this, I had a corporate job, work in an office and what not and decided at the end of the six years they were going to relocate to Atlanta. So I didn't want to go with the company. I mean it was more money, but it was literally just the cost of living adjustment and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You have to factor that in.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I was like, I was single at the time, I'm like, no, I'm not going to follow through. And they gave me a pretty nice severance package. So
SPEAKER_L: That's pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, since that last year, Actually, this time last year I was finishing my sixth year, you know, 10 years job, took two months off, you know, did a lot of where I'm living. I'm living like South campus, so I do a lot of dizzy trips, theme parks essentially. So since then um you know, I got this job over here, I'm like, I'm not so sure it's a cut in pay and no benefits, but I got it in the nick of time before the whole pandemic. It. So
SPEAKER_L: That's that's pretty good right there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and I'm working from home, That's the thing. That was the big key giveaway is just like he supplied me like a personal laptop, an extra monitor right over here with the work company phone. And you know, I was like, I'll just stick it out for a couple of months. But when the pandemic hit was like kind of lucky to have this job, even though it, you know, the paste up at the same time, if I were like, at my old job, I probably have been in follow what not and you know, with a lot of people in the retail services industry, I was like, can't complain really at this much at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's one of the things that you kind of have to, it's one of the it's hard to do so but you have to count your blessings. You have to say at least, you know, like for me at least some nursing schools in California are not opening because the hospitals say we don't want a students. And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: as a result you have all these students who were supposed to go to nursing school, but now they're on hold for a semester, maybe two semesters. You know, it's probably going to be too. And so I'm counting my blessings that I'm just able to go to school because I want, I want to get out, get get a job as an RN and leave this state for good.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Were you born and raised in California?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Born and raised Central Valley. So I guess I guess I got a lot of uh I guess I got I got a lot of okay blood in me.
SPEAKER_R: Now may I don't know if it's personal. May I ask what's the reason why you're leaving the largest state in the union?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Actually, well there's a lot of actually has a lot of reasons. I know it's not personal at all. I don't mind discussing that. But high cost of living, high taxes, especially with gas. And I kind of look at it like, you know, with the average home price is 500 600K. Here. Do I really want to have a family here? Do I really, You know because you know, I mean don't get me wrong as a nurse, I will I will make good money, but I won't make that good money. And so my thought is that I probably want to move somewhere a bit cheaper to live, where I won't be spending half my income on rent.
SPEAKER_R: Jeez. I can't believe when you say 5-600 average foster homes.
SPEAKER_L: Um That's I mean obviously it depends in some places like some place in the central valley in north and northern cal are cheaper but like the more inland you go the closer you get to places like L. A. And san Francisco and sacramento and san Diego, the price goes up exponentially like even like you have places like you know you know where it's where you know beachfront property is worth millions and for tiny little condos and in la space is
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: at a premium. So for me I'm kind of like I think I want to cash my chips and get out.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I don't blame you, especially being in a nursing corps. Like there's always an effort. It just there's just probably just not enough to fill the quota that retiring and actually coming in every year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you have the advantage of being able to go wherever you want. Pretty much. As long as as long as the state will accept your license, you can pretty much go anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: I know that probably for a couple of jobs in the field that they the hospitals are willing to pay your relocation fees and whatnot. And give you bonuses.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, there's, if you look, if you can look at, if you ever look at nursing jobs, there's, they, relocation fees, they pay bonuses, they'll pay for your training. They even do a student loan reimbursement programs, you know, so they do a lot for that.
SPEAKER_R: I give this much props to the field. I just cannot do it. Like just seeing the sight of blood and just being in the hospital. It's not everyone's cup for up and I'm not that type of person to be out in the hospital or medical or assisting a person type of field.
SPEAKER_L: You know, there's, there's no shame in that. There's good work in the, well, there's, there's good work in the automobile industry, you know, That's, I mean that, I mean that's good work. Like one of the, uh, I've known some people who worked in that industry and like they were always really good people.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Um I don't see a future myself doing this because I guess that I got this right before the pandemic. But um you know once the market opens up and hopefully the economy gets better one way or another um you know get a job out there because this is my main job. But my other part time job I work for the local, not local but one of the hockey team arenas um you know guest services, you know because uh the part is basically you know seeing any event that happens at the venue from the hockey team, any concerts, you know to any basketball games whatsoever. My job was like the usher. So basically showing people to their seats, it's a simple job anyone can do it. But basically just stand there and watch the whole event happening unfold.
SPEAKER_L: For free,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for free and getting paid to do it. So.
SPEAKER_L: you get paid to watch, you get paid to like direct people to their seats and watch and watch the game. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I mean the majority of the people at my job, well when it was happening or all seniors and like a lot of people, but I see why because they don't have to shell out, you know, any money for it. And since they love the hockey team, you know, they know most of people and I guess for season ticket members, they provide them with financial incentives at times.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's always uh, that's always fairly that's always good money. And also, you know, for for older people, they're looking more for something to do than a job at least. I mean like my my grandfather didn't retire until he was like 70 or 72, so I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: understand
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: about that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean, I don't know in my future, like everyone says, oh, it's nice to have a job, just a lay around and get paid to it at the same time. Like even if I had like the financial stability, I think I still would be wanting to do something like the old people, you know, working at the arenas and can be out and about where just you watch so much tv especially catching up during the pandemic, there's just like, I think it drove to everyone to appoint just like enough is enough. I'm tired of being compliant in these four walls over here of my own household over here and I need to go out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's the thing is that, you know, and you sit and you sit down and think to yourself for a while, you can, you know, you can really put yourself in a bad mood. You kind of like, that's that's actually what my grandfather told me last time I saw, and he looked at me and he said, well I know I didn't see him, I called him and and and and he said, you know, and and he said, you know, brad, if you sit there for long enough, you can think, you know, you can think so many things. I'm just like, yeah, right.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah. I mean it's unfortunate you have to look at this like florida is a little more open up right now, you know, with the theme parks, you know, versus California still being restricted and understandably. So um
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we're not going to open for
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: a long time. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: California's
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: guidelines? You you heard the story, the guidelines just came out. Gavin Newsom said they will open at 25% capacity when they're yellow when they're yellow field. Oh, he's in red white right now and Disneyland will not be opening for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's uh it's a double edged short, I feel sorry for the cast members, but the same time I understand I'm safety's involved and it's a give and take and I don't know, you know, theme parks like that, especially the surrounding areas. Like I've never been there. But I know I've heard that the surrounding area like Anaheim like Anaheim could die just because you know, the theme parks not opening up at least the end of the year with the current guidelines.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's that's one of the issues is that it's well the issues for California or like is that our state already has had some economic economic woes. And the pandemic is kind of like, it's basically a forest multiplayer. It makes everything worse. And for Anaheim, the city, they're really worried because Anaheim is all about the baseball team. The Angels and the conventions and the Disneyland and Knott's Berry Farm. But there's no conventions and there's no Disneyland and there's no knots. Berry Farm and there's no one discussed and the Angels are playing but no one's watching. I mean granted the Angels aren't that good of a team anyway. But you know Dodgers I mean hey the Dodgers right now though right? You know world series
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: can't I can't say because I'm a temp of a rate. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That's unfortunate. I mean I went to an Angels game with my girlfriend, I took her to that. So I guess I'm an Angels
SPEAKER_R: burger.
SPEAKER_L: fan now by default.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Okay. I mean granted your president was r team general manager for a long time. Um I mean he knows all about the race, but I mean that's that's our flow over here in this side of the country. It's you know, pay chief and get the best young talent versus you know, you have an experienced court. I mean, there was already like I mean like two of your players I think it was kershaw and nets. Um There's just those two perils alone compared to the whole Tampa Bay rays roster.
SPEAKER_L: like like especially like the Dodgers, the Dodgers get paid obscene amounts of money and like cat kershaw like in like a picture and the picture is only in the picture only does like what one in three games? Maybe one and 2 If you have a shortage like or like you know times are tight. But again, you know that's that's just how insane. And also I guess, you know, so the L. A Dodgers are getting to waive their they're waving their wallets around. We'll see. We'll see if they're able to smack the braves with them. I'm not I don't know because the braves, what was the score currently?
SPEAKER_R: Um well they're playing an hour but the series is tied. Uh
SPEAKER_L: 11?
SPEAKER_R: 1-1. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right, good. Because I thought there was a game yesterday but I didn't see it. I was too yesterday I was too busy so I didn't watch it. But
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah they were off so it's just crazy it's like you have both teams right? I get it it's a mutual site but I'm like there's actually fans in the stands so I'm like you're screwing both markets Ella and Tampa over here from actually having fans in there if texas is having Fans and their their stadium one way or another.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean we'll see if the rate, we'll see if the rays, if the raise can do it. I mean they'll I think Tampa's gotta get shot. Uh Kind of funny that you get the then the call you get the two people from the from the from the two stays there in the World series right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know that. It's figured like the last time I had to check was someone out in the D. C. Area. Um And then my first time was a person from Rhode island. So were granted yeah two teams with L. A. Or California and florida. I mean
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There you go.
SPEAKER_R: NBA with the Lakers winning and then you get the NHL with the Tampa Bay Lightning winning championships. So it's literally about,
SPEAKER_L: Small California and florida now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's literally a battle for title town over here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was good to see the Lakers win the championship. I will say because The Lakers for so long ever since 2008 they after 2008 they sucked. And I still remember my I still remember people telling me about like how oh yeah the commissioner screwed over the Lakers because he refused to allow chris chris paul trading to the Lakers or something. And I'm just like, well Lakers are well then the Lakers now have Lebron. How which I was just kind of like they got Kobe and how they got Lebron like what else, who else are they going to get
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's funny how you say that the Lakers one in Orlando though like I was literally probably at times like 100 ft from the players or something because the hotel literally take the monorail from magic Kingdom back back to the parking area and it's just like wow the whole NBA at one point was staying at the grand Floridian hotel over here. So I like the NBA at one point but it was years ago my favorite team was of course being local Orlando magic. We had Dwight Howard you know you had
SPEAKER_L: white? Our
SPEAKER_R: JJ Reddick as well to Jameer nelson.
SPEAKER_L: My basketball. Uh I'm a bit age when it comes to my basketball trivia, but I do know, but you guys did have a good team back then.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it was great. Everything Dwight Howard left? I was just like basketball, fell off the radar. I get the the sports that's promised right now. But my current to is just football. Um football and baseball, but hockey is in there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: For me it's baseball and then I also watched a lot of the sports too. Yes, that's what I do so like you know the games League of Legends and see it go
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: often.
SPEAKER_R: give props. I just I don't know if I can like I watch like twitch from time to time here and there just to watch, you know, people playing other games. I don't own what for me? E sports, it's competitive. It's great. Um You know, it's one of multibillion dollar industry now. Um
SPEAKER_L: but it's not your thing.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's not my cup of tea. Like I I was luckily able to reserve, you know the series X. That's coming out in a few weeks so
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I wanted to get the PS five but there's just no way in hell here
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah I used to have a PlayStation two. Um Well my consoles consoles, I got like my first console actually my dad had a Playstation one and
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: he also played Pc games and he's the one who introduced me to video, he's the one who introduced me to gaming. And then uh I got a Pc PS two and we had a Wii and Xbox 3 60 but somewhere along the way I made the jump to PC and I never looked back
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I don't blame you whatsoever. I mean
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: by that means
SPEAKER_L: how about you console or pc?
SPEAKER_R: I'm consoled, I've worn and rings and stuck with it. I mean, I give The PC props, especially with the keyboard and mouse and you know, the graphics, especially seeing the graphic card that came out a few weeks ago, that's going up for $3,000. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: 3080 or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was just like, oh my God, just like, that's like councils will never be PC by all needs, but to keep it cost effective consoles has always been my means ways and means to go through.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because a good because a max level, a max level console is a lot cheaper than a max level pc. It's always going to be and You know like my computer is a it's a $620 computer gaming computer, it's a C. I got like eight gigs RAM I five core eighth generation, 10 50 T. I. I got after I accidentally spilled tea on my last laptop and I which, which by the way funny enough that laptop actually turned on and now works now. But I just but I but I gave it back, I gave it back to my family and I was like, well you know, you guys can use this for pandemic stuff. I saw my dad playing a game on my on my Steam account a few a few days earlier, I was just like
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: laughing
SPEAKER_R: how is Steam in general though? Like, I'm
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: assuming it's worth it for you since you sound like you have like an account
SPEAKER_L: scheme is really good. Uh One of the cool things you could do with it, you know, obviously it has all your games library on there. Friends community mocking is also a big thing. That's one of the reasons I have Pcs because I play Skyrim and I play fallout, new Vegas and I love modeling and so like, you know for scott my Skyrim install is like I have like 300 something mods on there. Some people have 1000.
SPEAKER_R: Oh jeez, no, I I like them speaking about fallout, I played for, but
SPEAKER_L: the last
SPEAKER_R: after
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: all the, all the reviews for um listen, what's the anyone um
SPEAKER_L: 76.
SPEAKER_R: 76, just the horrific reviews had so much potential is like uh and now you have Microsoft that brought out the test outright for multibillion dollars here. So I'm like um looks like Sony is getting I guess cut out over here, moving forward if I dont think Microsoft is going to screw this only market, they'll probably charge on the length or something, but I'm cutting them out.
SPEAKER_L: Uh One of the issues is also Sony's just kind of like Sony really hit the hit their stride with the PlayStation two probably, I would say in my opinion, one of the greatest consoles ever, If not the greatest, sorry, Nintendo 64. Yeah, I know people love that one, but for me it was the PS two and I mean I still, I mean I still have, mine still works, still play, I I even still play ace combat on it from time to time. But now Sony is kind of, they've become flush with their own success and now they've kind of like slow down.
SPEAKER_R: You really think they'll Sony in general about? Unfortunately there's only three lines that's working for them, that's their televisions, their gaming consoles and their camera division. I mean, honestly, what else do you think that's still great for Sony that, you know, I don't think anything outside the three.
SPEAKER_L: Like Microsoft is always going to have Windows and they're always going to have, they're always going to have the they have the Xbox and like even if the Xbox one day decides to like, like, like if if Xbox across the world, all of a sudden like every single Xbox in the world shut down and all of their data mysteriously disappeared without backups. They still have Windows, they still have the Windows software
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they still have something to fall back.
SPEAKER_L: and they now they own Bethesda and they own Obsidian and you know, they had the Outer Worlds released a few a year, a year back.
SPEAKER_R: I've forgotten the Sydney because I actually bought the game for my console um to the old Republican Knights of the Old Republic too.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Co Tour I have both the CO two games on my computer. I've actually been playing with, I've actually been playing coat or two now
SPEAKER_R: Actually,
SPEAKER_L: again.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was well several months ago myself, I played the whole first game like throughout, and then I actually started the first uh coach or two, and then I stopped playing, it was like in the height of the pandemic because I was like I have all these games, I don't want to play, I want to go back to nostalgia and um sounds like you got me wanting to play coach or two again?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Coach or two is really good. Um One of the issues is obviously the maude the fact that it's incomplete because of the issues now on pc is what happened is that basically there was a lot of unrestored content fur coat or two. So there's a mod called the restored content mod which basically ads in like all of the all of the missing stuff and endings and things like that. Thank about it's not a good few hours worth of gameplay and
SPEAKER_R: that much.
SPEAKER_L: dialogue, it's all sprinkled throughout obviously. So you get little snippets and missions and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: jeez, I mean I remember being in years and years ago or two, but I can only imagine just having that added content on there would have really made the replay value a lot more,
SPEAKER_L: It pushes the game to about 50 hours.
SPEAKER_R: wow, and I always did the side quest as well too, so I would be one of those.
SPEAKER_L: I always like co two or two though because like it did a really good job of uh especially with like I did really like crazy as a character. I felt like your companions were much more dynamic than in Coach or one, like they would like change on your alignment stuff. Also it did a really good job of like subverting the star, like subverting the traditional Star Wars narrative right? Instead of
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: like what we kind of got in the last Jedi.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean, I mean in a few years from now they're supposed to I mean the with the Games of Thrones riders were supposed to do a subplot based off culture back then. But ever since then they still have you know they still have it aligned in there I guess um theatrical debuts years from now. But I'm just curious what timeline that they're going to go through. Like if they did the whole tour that will be the Game of Thrones. Movies like you do anything basically tour. It's going to be amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, because you know, I mean Coach or one or two or some of the best RPgs out there and the best Star Wars RPG you can get Even now even though they've even
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: though it's been like what, 16, 17 years?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. And they still hold to its value to this day. I mean like I said I play a few months ago and on my about you know as much as for geographical difference and a little bit of dialogue. So it was a great game.
SPEAKER_L: Yes and Admittedly, I think I'm more hesitant to the whole game of Thrones thing after season eight and all that. And like because it's funny once they ran once the director's ran out of George R r martin's material, oh and it may be kind of realized that you know these guys are good they're good adapters but are they good writers?
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: Is there is a difference.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I didn't think of it like that when you say it as such. Um Yeah it is hard especially I mean you do have a premise with CO two or if you do a movie based off that um Just the violence gory and just a gritty just using back then like it's going to be a sign of store is kind of like you know Rogue One in a way just amplified.
SPEAKER_L: Rogue one was rogue one was a good movie. I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I love that. I like it shows you a different side of the universe of Star Wars that everyone
SPEAKER_L: Everyone
SPEAKER_R: thought.
SPEAKER_L: dies wow
SPEAKER_R: I mean you just see the ending and just a different type of ships and just combat like really in the trenches type of movie.
SPEAKER_L: it's one of the few it's we actually got an actual space battle with like you know you know that that wasn't we actually got a cool Space foul which was nice and characters were interesting and Rogue one was a solid movie.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly with the space battle you don't have it like in the beginning of movie and then sprinkled out with you know a Jedi fight scene or something, it was just straight on through like and then you're just seeing this this hammer hammer head pushing a freaking um
SPEAKER_L: Stardestroyer.
SPEAKER_R: hardcore er Yeah like I've never without it that was like really sacrificing yourself and your colleagues did not
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: have that much force to push it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I really enjoyed the battle on the on the planet below and like the rebel gunships storming through and all that. You know it really it was just a good it was a good movie it was a lot it's kind of like what I thought that well I thought the sequel trilogy was missing partly is like it was missing those the create those creative Star Wars battles. Like although because it's like look at all these fun things you can do in space and then it's like you know, we're gonna do another death star trench run again like how about like the one thing with the shield around the planet you have gunships and they're and they're fighting on land and air and sea and we're gonna do a Death star transparent.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah especially the way that you just sneak in you know with the Imperial shuttle and you know just going infiltrating from there and just like wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like like like that's what I wish there was more of that like in a like like things like you know sci fi that you had like like all the creative things you can do in a space about like with star trek you can you can like teleport onto the you could what you could do is imagine teleporting of teleporting a proton for no a photon torpedo onto the enemy's command deck like that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah give me the exact coordinates for it. Yeah different twist. So um I'm happy you know or hopeful for the Star Wars future, especially with the new Free Cual hopefully thousands of years ago we'll see how Disney takes it into that direction because if they ruin it then I'm like and just like every other fan out there, it was like seriously?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think they've learned their lesson though from
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the Sequels and from Han Solo or as I call it, I call it hans. So so
SPEAKER_R: it's a different movie, I
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: didn't eat it.
SPEAKER_L: movie but it's not like, it's like you say like people, what I heard people online saying is they were like, oh I want an Obi wan movie and I wanted a boba fett movie or or even a Darth maul movie. I never heard anything about han solo movie though.
SPEAKER_R: That's true. Yeah this is like his origin story and just like yeah why couldn't it be any of the other characters out there? So um Well I know all we want is still in production or still in pre production against all the interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that would be fun because they could take uh they could take a lot of expanded universe lore and like have like Obi wan maybe go on like adventurers and stuff and you know, that would be cool. I would like to see a Vader movie admittedly, but I don't really know where they go with that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it will be very gory. I mean you'd have to
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: make
SPEAKER_L: course
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: going to be glory.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it has to be gory. Um
SPEAKER_L: It has to be a very harsh movie. Like
SPEAKER_R: It does,
SPEAKER_L: not passion of the christ harsh, but it's got to be like, not, not, not like Mel Gibson doesn't have to be, it's not gonna be Bill Gibson March because this is Disney, but it's got to be it's got to be gritty. There's got to be good and blood.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Especially you know him willing to kill a few of his own stormtroopers just because you know, he needs to get what needs to be done at the end of the thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He also has to choke some. He also has to choke at least one imperial officer to death.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's very
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: it's a requirement and it's a requirement in a star in any movie featuring Vader.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean speaking event like every time I go to Hollywood studios over here for the new Star Wars Galaxy's Edge, it's it's just the money that I can see that they put into the place, it's going to be amazing. So um it's a little fanned out but at the same time, I mean it's a crazy part to go to, especially it's the only one that's open from both sides now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know like, like that's the thing about Disneyland, Disneyland is not going to be open for a long time. And I'm wondering especially because for Disney, it's very bad because they sunk all that money into their new Star Wars, all those projects for Disneyland, like they're going to have more of the marvel land in California adventure and they sunk all this money and now it's like, yeah, you guys aren't opening forever, basically.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. I mean the only thing I have left to say is I hope you guys, you know the best with the wildfires out there um
SPEAKER_L: The next
SPEAKER_R: with the restriction, hopefully things are opening up soon. Slowly but surely or
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: you, I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: hope you guys do well with uh I hope you guys do well with Covid and everything. I know florida is kind of going through its motions and everything. I hope you guys do well in that regard. Obviously the coming election is going to be exciting as ever.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it is true. I'm just once it's all done, hopefully whoever the victory is one way or another um it just, it will get better and I just hope,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna vote for Joe Joe and we're gonna get 4%.
SPEAKER_R: hey, as long as you're getting your vote out there, it doesn't matter because there's other things on the ballot as well to then just the presidency. So hopefully Really
SPEAKER_L: that's the thing, is that all politics is local, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: if you change, you got to start from the local level and then eventually it's gonna go, if you have enough votes from that particular party, it's going to go up from there. So two, what?
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Other
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: than
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: that, I hope it's pleasure talking to you. Um,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I hope
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: to you.
SPEAKER_R: goes well and I'll have to say this to you as a parting way, go raise for tonight. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: raised, we'll, you know, go Dodgers, we'll see, you know, we'll see how, we'll see how it goes. I think it's good. It's good to see that we have a good series though Because the last thing I would want is for it to be a 40 Stop like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The first game was one thing last night or the other game was like a wake up call. So we'll see what the day off. We'll see how things will be explosive tonight.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, with the day off, that's going to change things and we'll see. We'll see who has the momentum to push through tonight. America's
SPEAKER_R: will be.
SPEAKER_L: America's greatest game. Right? Wait, you guys also have tom brady now with the Tampa Bay buccaneers. I just realized that
SPEAKER_R: I do um, I do work for the team part time as well um, for the
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: stadium.
SPEAKER_L: you go.
SPEAKER_R: Um, we're in Las Vegas this weekend, so I'm just happy with that. If we have just a wedding record be fine. Like I want to go Super Bowl because the Super Bowl is in Tampa as well too because that, I think that's the pinnacle for tom brady is to not just only go to the Super Bowl, but be part of the, in the city that hosts the Super Bowl as well to that's going to be in the record books. They'll be is pinnacle. I think if he's able to achieve that, then he's just gonna retire from there. I don't
SPEAKER_L: because that's what I see him doing. Like I mean he brought Gronk back and the only reason Grant came back was to play with brady and but
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I mean it was pretty impressive that like they were able to get drunk as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there's conversations right now. I just saw a half hour ago. Uh, even though I'm not crazy, Antonio Brown might be rumored to come back here. He's either, he's having a track with Tempeh and he's going to Seattle's water. So the two teams he's having conversations with, like that's just great. So like Antonio Brown a b is a great phenomenal player, but it's off the field. Antics is just another story in itself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He's done some. That's one of the things I've noticed about like some sports athletes. The problem is is that you're a young guy and you start making millions of dollars and you make money and it goes to your head and you do stupid stuff, you do really stupid things you shouldn't be doing. But if he if Tampa Bay lets them on they'll be I mean he'll be a good pick up in their field and I know I know brady was totally fine with playing with him.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it wasn't, yeah. That one game he hadn't didn't have an issue, but I mean he has a Floridian resident, he's from down south, so the Miami area. But I mean if we pick them up, our offense will be totally unstoppable. So we already have two great wide receivers. So if you have a baby in the mix, you can't have enough defenders.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's one of things that I think you know, I think of course the patriots right now, they're not like you can see the difference after tom brady left is like huge. Yeah. But like I was reading about that like one of the things, one of the reasons behind brady getting frustrated with Bill Belichick and the guys because brady, he routinely took lower salary deals, salary deals because brady is brady's interesting that he's willing to get paid a lower salary if it means he gets better players around him. The Patriots didn't deliver on that. And so brady is like, look Aaron Rodgers and all these guys are making hundreds of millions of dollars and I'm and I'm not making close to that.
SPEAKER_R: you can't, That's true. Especially six times winning quarterback. You would think he's already sent years and years ago making like, you would think something like Patrick Mahomes type of money.
SPEAKER_L: He's he's he's the goat. I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: don't think, I think we could say that tom brady is probably the best quarterback in the league. Love them or hate them.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, exactly.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I hated him for all, don't get me wrong, but
SPEAKER_L: everybody hates the Patriots. I was a Patriots fan, I hated the Patriots too. Right, Which I I also think that's what I think. I personally think another that's another another reason tom brady left as he was sick of the shit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. And uh, hopefully he was able to go to the Super Bowl here in Tampa and win it. You just, you just put the the icing on the cake and.
SPEAKER_L: And then brady retires and he and he and Gronk go back to their lives, regular lives considerably richer.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly yeah. And forever known that you know, you can't be the staff of having whatever team Super Bowl winning. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And that if Tom brady manages to win the Super Bowl this year with Tampa Bay, I think that that would be like, okay, this is This guy can make any team go from 0 to 100 and you probably have a bunch of teams signing for him like trying to get him in there.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes. Especially at this end of his career. Yeah. Why not toss all that much poison?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, I think the reason is that having a solid veteran quarterback, even if even if he's not gonna win you the Super Bowl anymore, he's going to be a great mentorship and you know, he's gonna be a great mentor for the younger players. He's also a big name. And also you get to say that your team will get to say that, hey, we played with tom brady. Did you play with tom brady? But we played with tom brady.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. And just having brady here elevates everyone else's level. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I've I've read about his influence on, on players and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: So it's already showing off and we'll be in Vegas this week and see how he carries, how we killed the Packers and do it again in Vegas.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well Let's see. He's um, I mean buccaneers are buccaneers are 42 in the division. That's not too bad. We'll see how it goes anyway. I'm gonna get off for now. You have a good day. All right man.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. You too. Now appreciate it. See you.