go on.
You're all right.
Let's see. Just classes. University student by the way. So just lots and lots of classes online.
four pm.
How about you
florida.
Other side of the country. Huh.
florida.
2nd time. How about you?
Every time I figured it was I figured it was good money, you know, to sit down and talk to somebody, talk with somebody and then get paid. Uh what, Right?
I've been a fairly impressed. Their payment is a lot better than quite a few places. I've been
a few months now. I used to do swag bucks, but then I realized that swag bucks picked. It's five bucks. They barely pay you anything even when you do complete a survey. And I kind of thought of it like yeah, I'm not wasting my time doing this.
Also look into it. I've heard how's the payout?
Sit
in your drink mail.
That's not too bad. Yeah, I mean but you know, it's always good to have a have a side hustle. Especially during the pandemic.
Yeah. I mean one of the issues is obviously employment because it's kind of hard to find a job right now. Plus I am a nursing school. So and that kind of takes precedence.
I mean it's funny because it's like because you know it's like nursing school is my job even though it's pretty difficult and all that.
Uh Let's see. So how it works and how it works in my program at my university is that we have a you have your prerequisites. So you get a gig biology and anatomy and stuff like that. And then you have your when you have a three year course, The prerequisites can take you anywhere from 1-2 years to do. Mine took me about one year but I did a lot of ap classes in high school. So I kind of got I got I I got off really easy.
Yeah. What about you? What are you in?
Yeah. You have to factor that in.
That's pretty good.
That's that's pretty good right there.
Yeah. That's one of the things that you kind of have to, it's one of the it's hard to do so but you have to count your blessings. You have to say at least, you know, like for me at least some nursing schools in California are not opening because the hospitals say we don't want a students. And
as a result you have all these students who were supposed to go to nursing school, but now they're on hold for a semester, maybe two semesters. You know, it's probably going to be too. And so I'm counting my blessings that I'm just able to go to school because I want, I want to get out, get get a job as an RN and leave this state for good.
Yeah. Born and raised Central Valley. So I guess I guess I got a lot of uh I guess I got I got a lot of okay blood in me.
Uh Actually, well there's a lot of actually has a lot of reasons. I know it's not personal at all. I don't mind discussing that. But high cost of living, high taxes, especially with gas. And I kind of look at it like, you know, with the average home price is 500 600K. Here. Do I really want to have a family here? Do I really, You know because you know, I mean don't get me wrong as a nurse, I will I will make good money, but I won't make that good money. And so my thought is that I probably want to move somewhere a bit cheaper to live, where I won't be spending half my income on rent.
Um That's I mean obviously it depends in some places like some place in the central valley in north and northern cal are cheaper but like the more inland you go the closer you get to places like L. A. And san Francisco and sacramento and san Diego, the price goes up exponentially like even like you have places like you know you know where it's where you know beachfront property is worth millions and for tiny little condos and in la space is
at a premium. So for me I'm kind of like I think I want to cash my chips and get out.
Yeah you have the advantage of being able to go wherever you want. Pretty much. As long as as long as the state will accept your license, you can pretty much go anywhere.
Oh, there's, if you look, if you can look at, if you ever look at nursing jobs, there's, they, relocation fees, they pay bonuses, they'll pay for your training. They even do a student loan reimbursement programs, you know, so they do a lot for that.
You know, there's, there's no shame in that. There's good work in the, well, there's, there's good work in the automobile industry, you know, That's, I mean that, I mean that's good work. Like one of the, uh, I've known some people who worked in that industry and like they were always really good people.
For free,
you get paid to watch, you get paid to like direct people to their seats and watch and watch the game. That's awesome.
Yeah. That's always uh, that's always fairly that's always good money. And also, you know, for for older people, they're looking more for something to do than a job at least. I mean like my my grandfather didn't retire until he was like 70 or 72, so I
understand
about that.
Yeah, that's the thing is that, you know, and you sit and you sit down and think to yourself for a while, you can, you know, you can really put yourself in a bad mood. You kind of like, that's that's actually what my grandfather told me last time I saw, and he looked at me and he said, well I know I didn't see him, I called him and and and and he said, you know, and and he said, you know, brad, if you sit there for long enough, you can think, you know, you can think so many things. I'm just like, yeah, right.
Oh, we're not going to open for
a long time. Uh,
California's
guidelines? You you heard the story, the guidelines just came out. Gavin Newsom said they will open at 25% capacity when they're yellow when they're yellow field. Oh, he's in red white right now and Disneyland will not be opening for a long time.
Yeah. And that's that's one of the issues is that it's well the issues for California or like is that our state already has had some economic economic woes. And the pandemic is kind of like, it's basically a forest multiplayer. It makes everything worse. And for Anaheim, the city, they're really worried because Anaheim is all about the baseball team. The Angels and the conventions and the Disneyland and Knott's Berry Farm. But there's no conventions and there's no Disneyland and there's no knots. Berry Farm and there's no one discussed and the Angels are playing but no one's watching. I mean granted the Angels aren't that good of a team anyway. But you know Dodgers I mean hey the Dodgers right now though right? You know world series
but
Mhm. That's unfortunate. I mean I went to an Angels game with my girlfriend, I took her to that. So I guess I'm an Angels
fan now by default.
like like especially like the Dodgers, the Dodgers get paid obscene amounts of money and like cat kershaw like in like a picture and the picture is only in the picture only does like what one in three games? Maybe one and 2 If you have a shortage like or like you know times are tight. But again, you know that's that's just how insane. And also I guess, you know, so the L. A Dodgers are getting to waive their they're waving their wallets around. We'll see. We'll see if they're able to smack the braves with them. I'm not I don't know because the braves, what was the score currently?
11?
All right, good. Because I thought there was a game yesterday but I didn't see it. I was too yesterday I was too busy so I didn't watch it. But
yeah, I mean we'll see if the rate, we'll see if the rays, if the raise can do it. I mean they'll I think Tampa's gotta get shot. Uh Kind of funny that you get the then the call you get the two people from the from the from the two stays there in the World series right now.
Yeah. There you go.
Small California and florida now.
Yeah. It was good to see the Lakers win the championship. I will say because The Lakers for so long ever since 2008 they after 2008 they sucked. And I still remember my I still remember people telling me about like how oh yeah the commissioner screwed over the Lakers because he refused to allow chris chris paul trading to the Lakers or something. And I'm just like, well Lakers are well then the Lakers now have Lebron. How which I was just kind of like they got Kobe and how they got Lebron like what else, who else are they going to get
white? Our
My basketball. Uh I'm a bit age when it comes to my basketball trivia, but I do know, but you guys did have a good team back then.
For me it's baseball and then I also watched a lot of the sports too. Yes, that's what I do so like you know the games League of Legends and see it go
often.
but it's not your thing.
That's
Uh yeah I used to have a PlayStation two. Um Well my consoles consoles, I got like my first console actually my dad had a Playstation one and
then
he also played Pc games and he's the one who introduced me to video, he's the one who introduced me to gaming. And then uh I got a Pc PS two and we had a Wii and Xbox 3 60 but somewhere along the way I made the jump to PC and I never looked back
and
how about you console or pc?
3080 or something.
Yeah because a good because a max level, a max level console is a lot cheaper than a max level pc. It's always going to be and You know like my computer is a it's a $620 computer gaming computer, it's a C. I got like eight gigs RAM I five core eighth generation, 10 50 T. I. I got after I accidentally spilled tea on my last laptop and I which, which by the way funny enough that laptop actually turned on and now works now. But I just but I but I gave it back, I gave it back to my family and I was like, well you know, you guys can use this for pandemic stuff. I saw my dad playing a game on my on my Steam account a few a few days earlier, I was just like
laughing
and
scheme is really good. Uh One of the cool things you could do with it, you know, obviously it has all your games library on there. Friends community mocking is also a big thing. That's one of the reasons I have Pcs because I play Skyrim and I play fallout, new Vegas and I love modeling and so like, you know for scott my Skyrim install is like I have like 300 something mods on there. Some people have 1000.
the last
part
76.
Uh One of the issues is also Sony's just kind of like Sony really hit the hit their stride with the PlayStation two probably, I would say in my opinion, one of the greatest consoles ever, If not the greatest, sorry, Nintendo 64. Yeah, I know people love that one, but for me it was the PS two and I mean I still, I mean I still have, mine still works, still play, I I even still play ace combat on it from time to time. But now Sony is kind of, they've become flush with their own success and now they've kind of like slow down.
Like Microsoft is always going to have Windows and they're always going to have, they're always going to have the they have the Xbox and like even if the Xbox one day decides to like, like, like if if Xbox across the world, all of a sudden like every single Xbox in the world shut down and all of their data mysteriously disappeared without backups. They still have Windows, they still have the Windows software
and they now they own Bethesda and they own Obsidian and you know, they had the Outer Worlds released a few a year, a year back.
Uh Co Tour I have both the CO two games on my computer. I've actually been playing with, I've actually been playing coat or two now
again.
Yeah. Coach or two is really good. Um One of the issues is obviously the maude the fact that it's incomplete because of the issues now on pc is what happened is that basically there was a lot of unrestored content fur coat or two. So there's a mod called the restored content mod which basically ads in like all of the all of the missing stuff and endings and things like that. Thank about it's not a good few hours worth of gameplay and
dialogue, it's all sprinkled throughout obviously. So you get little snippets and missions and things like that.
It pushes the game to about 50 hours.
I always like co two or two though because like it did a really good job of uh especially with like I did really like crazy as a character. I felt like your companions were much more dynamic than in Coach or one, like they would like change on your alignment stuff. Also it did a really good job of like subverting the star, like subverting the traditional Star Wars narrative right? Instead of
like what we kind of got in the last Jedi.
Oh yeah, because you know, I mean Coach or one or two or some of the best RPgs out there and the best Star Wars RPG you can get Even now even though they've even
though it's been like what, 16, 17 years?
Yes and Admittedly, I think I'm more hesitant to the whole game of Thrones thing after season eight and all that. And like because it's funny once they ran once the director's ran out of George R r martin's material, oh and it may be kind of realized that you know these guys are good they're good adapters but are they good writers?
Is there is a difference.
Rogue one was rogue one was a good movie. I enjoyed it.
Everyone
dies wow
it's one of the few it's we actually got an actual space battle with like you know you know that that wasn't we actually got a cool Space foul which was nice and characters were interesting and Rogue one was a solid movie.
Stardestroyer.
The
yeah I really enjoyed the battle on the on the planet below and like the rebel gunships storming through and all that. You know it really it was just a good it was a good movie it was a lot it's kind of like what I thought that well I thought the sequel trilogy was missing partly is like it was missing those the create those creative Star Wars battles. Like although because it's like look at all these fun things you can do in space and then it's like you know, we're gonna do another death star trench run again like how about like the one thing with the shield around the planet you have gunships and they're and they're fighting on land and air and sea and we're gonna do a Death star transparent.
Yeah like like like that's what I wish there was more of that like in a like like things like you know sci fi that you had like like all the creative things you can do in a space about like with star trek you can you can like teleport onto the you could what you could do is imagine teleporting of teleporting a proton for no a photon torpedo onto the enemy's command deck like that.
Yeah. I think they've learned their lesson though from
the Sequels and from Han Solo or as I call it, I call it hans. So so
it's not
movie but it's not like, it's like you say like people, what I heard people online saying is they were like, oh I want an Obi wan movie and I wanted a boba fett movie or or even a Darth maul movie. I never heard anything about han solo movie though.
Yeah, that would be fun because they could take uh they could take a lot of expanded universe lore and like have like Obi wan maybe go on like adventurers and stuff and you know, that would be cool. I would like to see a Vader movie admittedly, but I don't really know where they go with that.
Of
course
it's
going to be glory.
It has to be a very harsh movie. Like
not passion of the christ harsh, but it's got to be like, not, not, not like Mel Gibson doesn't have to be, it's not gonna be Bill Gibson March because this is Disney, but it's got to be it's got to be gritty. There's got to be good and blood.
Yeah. He also has to choke some. He also has to choke at least one imperial officer to death.
So
it's a requirement and it's a requirement in a star in any movie featuring Vader.
Yeah, I know like, like that's the thing about Disneyland, Disneyland is not going to be open for a long time. And I'm wondering especially because for Disney, it's very bad because they sunk all that money into their new Star Wars, all those projects for Disneyland, like they're going to have more of the marvel land in California adventure and they sunk all this money and now it's like, yeah, you guys aren't opening forever, basically.
The next
hope
you, I
hope you guys do well with uh I hope you guys do well with Covid and everything. I know florida is kind of going through its motions and everything. I hope you guys do well in that regard. Obviously the coming election is going to be exciting as ever.
Yeah. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna vote for Joe Joe and we're gonna get 4%.
that's the thing, is that all politics is local, but yeah.
Well, yeah,
I
feel
I'm
talking
to you.
raised, we'll, you know, go Dodgers, we'll see, you know, we'll see how, we'll see how it goes. I think it's good. It's good to see that we have a good series though Because the last thing I would want is for it to be a 40 Stop like
Yeah, with the day off, that's going to change things and we'll see. We'll see who has the momentum to push through tonight. America's
America's greatest game. Right? Wait, you guys also have tom brady now with the Tampa Bay buccaneers. I just realized that
There
you go.
because that's what I see him doing. Like I mean he brought Gronk back and the only reason Grant came back was to play with brady and but
I mean it was pretty impressive that like they were able to get drunk as well. Yeah.
Yeah. He's done some. That's one of the things I've noticed about like some sports athletes. The problem is is that you're a young guy and you start making millions of dollars and you make money and it goes to your head and you do stupid stuff, you do really stupid things you shouldn't be doing. But if he if Tampa Bay lets them on they'll be I mean he'll be a good pick up in their field and I know I know brady was totally fine with playing with him.
Yeah, that's one of things that I think you know, I think of course the patriots right now, they're not like you can see the difference after tom brady left is like huge. Yeah. But like I was reading about that like one of the things, one of the reasons behind brady getting frustrated with Bill Belichick and the guys because brady, he routinely took lower salary deals, salary deals because brady is brady's interesting that he's willing to get paid a lower salary if it means he gets better players around him. The Patriots didn't deliver on that. And so brady is like, look Aaron Rodgers and all these guys are making hundreds of millions of dollars and I'm and I'm not making close to that.
He's he's he's the goat. I
don't think, I think we could say that tom brady is probably the best quarterback in the league. Love them or hate them.
But
everybody hates the Patriots. I was a Patriots fan, I hated the Patriots too. Right, Which I I also think that's what I think. I personally think another that's another another reason tom brady left as he was sick of the shit.
And then brady retires and he and he and Gronk go back to their lives, regular lives considerably richer.
And that if Tom brady manages to win the Super Bowl this year with Tampa Bay, I think that that would be like, okay, this is This guy can make any team go from 0 to 100 and you probably have a bunch of teams signing for him like trying to get him in there.
Well, I mean, I think the reason is that having a solid veteran quarterback, even if even if he's not gonna win you the Super Bowl anymore, he's going to be a great mentorship and you know, he's gonna be a great mentor for the younger players. He's also a big name. And also you get to say that your team will get to say that, hey, we played with tom brady. Did you play with tom brady? But we played with tom brady.
Okay. Yeah, I've I've read about his influence on, on players and stuff like that.
Yeah, well Let's see. He's um, I mean buccaneers are buccaneers are 42 in the division. That's not too bad. We'll see how it goes anyway. I'm gonna get off for now. You have a good day. All right man.