Obama and biden spent years trying to play with our second member
as president. Sorry about that. Doing well yourself.
How's your friday doing so far?
Okay. All right. May I ask like what part or what country part of the country you're from? Oh wow. So it's basically was a three p.m. over there?
14.
uh I'm actually in Florida, so it's
Yeah, just kicked off at seven p.m. over here,
yep. Yes sir. How many times have you been doing this so far
or I mean this this prolific.
Uh this will be my third time.
And they're pretty good about payments so far.
Uh So how long you been doing prolific for it?
this is something I heard about that. Yeah, I do this as well as I'm not sure if you heard of survey savvy before,
it's okay, but I've been locked in this study. I kid you not for nine years. So literally this one study, It's amazing how they do this. I don't know why for nine years I've been doing this study. They literally send you like these big envelopes every month and literally each week you just put your junk mail in it and this research. So you have four or five of clubs every month, you get $10 for that. And then if you give your like your credentials for like my yahoo email, uh they give you $5 on top of that. So essentially 15 bucks a month, literally just put
all,
literally looking at my junk mail.
Oh, I don't blame you, especially being a college student these days, like it's not easy.
and
how long have you been uh nursing so far?
understood.
Um So I'm currently in the automotive industry, um working with the retail uh reimbursement programs. I'm just an admin. I've been here for close to a year. Um luckily, I mean I got this job literally six years parts of this, I had a corporate job, work in an office and what not and decided at the end of the six years they were going to relocate to Atlanta. So I didn't want to go with the company. I mean it was more money, but it was literally just the cost of living adjustment and
yeah, so I was like, I was single at the time, I'm like, no, I'm not going to follow through. And they gave me a pretty nice severance package. So
I mean, since that last year, Actually, this time last year I was finishing my sixth year, you know, 10 years job, took two months off, you know, did a lot of where I'm living. I'm living like South campus, so I do a lot of dizzy trips, theme parks essentially. So since then um you know, I got this job over here, I'm like, I'm not so sure it's a cut in pay and no benefits, but I got it in the nick of time before the whole pandemic. It. So
yeah, and I'm working from home, That's the thing. That was the big key giveaway is just like he supplied me like a personal laptop, an extra monitor right over here with the work company phone. And you know, I was like, I'll just stick it out for a couple of months. But when the pandemic hit was like kind of lucky to have this job, even though it, you know, the paste up at the same time, if I were like, at my old job, I probably have been in follow what not and you know, with a lot of people in the retail services industry, I was like, can't complain really at this much at this point.
What?
Really? Were you born and raised in California?
Now may I don't know if it's personal. May I ask what's the reason why you're leaving the largest state in the union?
Jeez. I can't believe when you say 5-600 average foster homes.
All
I mean, I don't blame you, especially being in a nursing corps. Like there's always an effort. It just there's just probably just not enough to fill the quota that retiring and actually coming in every year.
I know that probably for a couple of jobs in the field that they the hospitals are willing to pay your relocation fees and whatnot. And give you bonuses.
I give this much props to the field. I just cannot do it. Like just seeing the sight of blood and just being in the hospital. It's not everyone's cup for up and I'm not that type of person to be out in the hospital or medical or assisting a person type of field.
that's true. Um I don't see a future myself doing this because I guess that I got this right before the pandemic. But um you know once the market opens up and hopefully the economy gets better one way or another um you know get a job out there because this is my main job. But my other part time job I work for the local, not local but one of the hockey team arenas um you know guest services, you know because uh the part is basically you know seeing any event that happens at the venue from the hockey team, any concerts, you know to any basketball games whatsoever. My job was like the usher. So basically showing people to their seats, it's a simple job anyone can do it. But basically just stand there and watch the whole event happening unfold.
Yeah, for free and getting paid to do it. So.
exactly. I mean the majority of the people at my job, well when it was happening or all seniors and like a lot of people, but I see why because they don't have to shell out, you know, any money for it. And since they love the hockey team, you know, they know most of people and I guess for season ticket members, they provide them with financial incentives at times.
I
mean,
yeah. I mean, I don't know in my future, like everyone says, oh, it's nice to have a job, just a lay around and get paid to it at the same time. Like even if I had like the financial stability, I think I still would be wanting to do something like the old people, you know, working at the arenas and can be out and about where just you watch so much tv especially catching up during the pandemic, there's just like, I think it drove to everyone to appoint just like enough is enough. I'm tired of being compliant in these four walls over here of my own household over here and I need to go out.
that's true. Yeah. I mean it's unfortunate you have to look at this like florida is a little more open up right now, you know, with the theme parks, you know, versus California still being restricted and understandably. So um
I
know,
I know,
Uh it's uh it's a double edged short, I feel sorry for the cast members, but the same time I understand I'm safety's involved and it's a give and take and I don't know, you know, theme parks like that, especially the surrounding areas. Like I've never been there. But I know I've heard that the surrounding area like Anaheim like Anaheim could die just because you know, the theme parks not opening up at least the end of the year with the current guidelines.
I
can't I can't say because I'm a temp of a rate. So
burger.
Okay. Okay. Okay. I mean granted your president was r team general manager for a long time. Um I mean he knows all about the race, but I mean that's that's our flow over here in this side of the country. It's you know, pay chief and get the best young talent versus you know, you have an experienced court. I mean, there was already like I mean like two of your players I think it was kershaw and nets. Um There's just those two perils alone compared to the whole Tampa Bay rays roster.
Um well they're playing an hour but the series is tied. Uh
1-1. Yeah.
No. Yeah they were off so it's just crazy it's like you have both teams right? I get it it's a mutual site but I'm like there's actually fans in the stands so I'm like you're screwing both markets Ella and Tampa over here from actually having fans in there if texas is having Fans and their their stadium one way or another.
Yeah I know that. It's figured like the last time I had to check was someone out in the D. C. Area. Um And then my first time was a person from Rhode island. So were granted yeah two teams with L. A. Or California and florida. I mean
NBA with the Lakers winning and then you get the NHL with the Tampa Bay Lightning winning championships. So it's literally about,
yeah it's literally a battle for title town over here.
I mean it's funny how you say that the Lakers one in Orlando though like I was literally probably at times like 100 ft from the players or something because the hotel literally take the monorail from magic Kingdom back back to the parking area and it's just like wow the whole NBA at one point was staying at the grand Floridian hotel over here. So I like the NBA at one point but it was years ago my favorite team was of course being local Orlando magic. We had Dwight Howard you know you had
JJ Reddick as well to Jameer nelson.
Yeah. And it was great. Everything Dwight Howard left? I was just like basketball, fell off the radar. I get the the sports that's promised right now. But my current to is just football. Um football and baseball, but hockey is in there. Yeah,
I
give props. I just I don't know if I can like I watch like twitch from time to time here and there just to watch, you know, people playing other games. I don't own what for me? E sports, it's competitive. It's great. Um You know, it's one of multibillion dollar industry now. Um
No, it's not my cup of tea. Like I I was luckily able to reserve, you know the series X. That's coming out in a few weeks so
I wanted to get the PS five but there's just no way in hell here
on
the
Oh, I don't blame you whatsoever. I mean
by that means
I'm consoled, I've worn and rings and stuck with it. I mean, I give The PC props, especially with the keyboard and mouse and you know, the graphics, especially seeing the graphic card that came out a few weeks ago, that's going up for $3,000. Okay.
Yeah, I was just like, oh my God, just like, that's like councils will never be PC by all needs, but to keep it cost effective consoles has always been my means ways and means to go through.
Now,
how is Steam in general though? Like, I'm
assuming it's worth it for you since you sound like you have like an account
Oh jeez, no, I I like them speaking about fallout, I played for, but
after
all the, all the reviews for um listen, what's the anyone um
76, just the horrific reviews had so much potential is like uh and now you have Microsoft that brought out the test outright for multibillion dollars here. So I'm like um looks like Sony is getting I guess cut out over here, moving forward if I dont think Microsoft is going to screw this only market, they'll probably charge on the length or something, but I'm cutting them out.
You really think they'll Sony in general about? Unfortunately there's only three lines that's working for them, that's their televisions, their gaming consoles and their camera division. I mean, honestly, what else do you think that's still great for Sony that, you know, I don't think anything outside the three.
Yeah, they still have something to fall back.
I've forgotten the Sydney because I actually bought the game for my console um to the old Republican Knights of the Old Republic too.
Actually,
yeah, I was well several months ago myself, I played the whole first game like throughout, and then I actually started the first uh coach or two, and then I stopped playing, it was like in the height of the pandemic because I was like I have all these games, I don't want to play, I want to go back to nostalgia and um sounds like you got me wanting to play coach or two again?
that much.
jeez, I mean I remember being in years and years ago or two, but I can only imagine just having that added content on there would have really made the replay value a lot more,
wow, and I always did the side quest as well too, so I would be one of those.
it's
yeah, I mean, I mean in a few years from now they're supposed to I mean the with the Games of Thrones riders were supposed to do a subplot based off culture back then. But ever since then they still have you know they still have it aligned in there I guess um theatrical debuts years from now. But I'm just curious what timeline that they're going to go through. Like if they did the whole tour that will be the Game of Thrones. Movies like you do anything basically tour. It's going to be amazing.
What?
Yeah exactly. And they still hold to its value to this day. I mean like I said I play a few months ago and on my about you know as much as for geographical difference and a little bit of dialogue. So it was a great game.
that
yeah I didn't think of it like that when you say it as such. Um Yeah it is hard especially I mean you do have a premise with CO two or if you do a movie based off that um Just the violence gory and just a gritty just using back then like it's going to be a sign of store is kind of like you know Rogue One in a way just amplified.
Oh yeah I love that. I like it shows you a different side of the universe of Star Wars that everyone
thought.
I mean you just see the ending and just a different type of ships and just combat like really in the trenches type of movie.
Yeah exactly with the space battle you don't have it like in the beginning of movie and then sprinkled out with you know a Jedi fight scene or something, it was just straight on through like and then you're just seeing this this hammer hammer head pushing a freaking um
hardcore er Yeah like I've never without it that was like really sacrificing yourself and your colleagues did not
have that much force to push it.
Yeah especially the way that you just sneak in you know with the Imperial shuttle and you know just going infiltrating from there and just like wow.
yeah give me the exact coordinates for it. Yeah different twist. So um I'm happy you know or hopeful for the Star Wars future, especially with the new Free Cual hopefully thousands of years ago we'll see how Disney takes it into that direction because if they ruin it then I'm like and just like every other fan out there, it was like seriously?
I
it's a different movie, I
didn't eat it.
That's true. Yeah this is like his origin story and just like yeah why couldn't it be any of the other characters out there? So um Well I know all we want is still in production or still in pre production against all the interesting.
Yeah. I mean it will be very gory. I mean you'd have to
make
it
great.
Yeah, it has to be gory. Um
It does,
exactly. Especially you know him willing to kill a few of his own stormtroopers just because you know, he needs to get what needs to be done at the end of the thing.
Oh yeah, that's very
true.
Yeah. I mean speaking event like every time I go to Hollywood studios over here for the new Star Wars Galaxy's Edge, it's it's just the money that I can see that they put into the place, it's going to be amazing. So um it's a little fanned out but at the same time, I mean it's a crazy part to go to, especially it's the only one that's open from both sides now.
Yeah, that's true. I mean the only thing I have left to say is I hope you guys, you know the best with the wildfires out there um
with the restriction, hopefully things are opening up soon. Slowly but surely or
something
like
yeah, it is true. I'm just once it's all done, hopefully whoever the victory is one way or another um it just, it will get better and I just hope,
hey, as long as you're getting your vote out there, it doesn't matter because there's other things on the ballot as well to then just the presidency. So hopefully Really
if you change, you got to start from the local level and then eventually it's gonna go, if you have enough votes from that particular party, it's going to go up from there. So two, what?
Other
than
that, I hope it's pleasure talking to you. Um,
I hope
it
goes well and I'll have to say this to you as a parting way, go raise for tonight. Yeah,
Yeah. The first game was one thing last night or the other game was like a wake up call. So we'll see what the day off. We'll see how things will be explosive tonight.
will be.
I do um, I do work for the team part time as well um, for the
stadium.
Um, we're in Las Vegas this weekend, so I'm just happy with that. If we have just a wedding record be fine. Like I want to go Super Bowl because the Super Bowl is in Tampa as well too because that, I think that's the pinnacle for tom brady is to not just only go to the Super Bowl, but be part of the, in the city that hosts the Super Bowl as well to that's going to be in the record books. They'll be is pinnacle. I think if he's able to achieve that, then he's just gonna retire from there. I don't
Well,
there's conversations right now. I just saw a half hour ago. Uh, even though I'm not crazy, Antonio Brown might be rumored to come back here. He's either, he's having a track with Tempeh and he's going to Seattle's water. So the two teams he's having conversations with, like that's just great. So like Antonio Brown a b is a great phenomenal player, but it's off the field. Antics is just another story in itself.
yeah, it wasn't, yeah. That one game he hadn't didn't have an issue, but I mean he has a Floridian resident, he's from down south, so the Miami area. But I mean if we pick them up, our offense will be totally unstoppable. So we already have two great wide receivers. So if you have a baby in the mix, you can't have enough defenders.
you can't, That's true. Especially six times winning quarterback. You would think he's already sent years and years ago making like, you would think something like Patrick Mahomes type of money.
And
Oh yeah, yeah, exactly.
I hated him for all, don't get me wrong, but
Yeah, that's true. And uh, hopefully he was able to go to the Super Bowl here in Tampa and win it. You just, you just put the the icing on the cake and.
Exactly yeah. And forever known that you know, you can't be the staff of having whatever team Super Bowl winning. Yeah.
Oh yes. Especially at this end of his career. Yeah. Why not toss all that much poison?
that's true. And just having brady here elevates everyone else's level. So
So it's already showing off and we'll be in Vegas this week and see how he carries, how we killed the Packers and do it again in Vegas.
Alright. You too. Now appreciate it. See you.