four. Thanks.
I'm good. Can you hear and see me
I just had a 25 minute time around my plane, so we're good to go.
I'm good venue.
This one,
Have you done the survey before?
Mhm. I'm losing I'm losing track. I think this is me seven maybe. Are
you going
to ask?
I live in new york city and it's it's uh pretty bad. I think I think public schools are closing soon because the average uh covid testing, like it's 3% or something. I don't I don't I don't I don't go to uh school so. But I did hear father and you.
Would you consider all in school or?
par Parsons. Yeah.
spirit.
Okay,
framing that were already
given.
Have a housekeeper. Um And right now I only do my family's home. Okay.
All our people taking the narrative and
saying these processes are like people writing.
Very funny. Besides, we have to do small talk. Let's talk about the purpose of life or something actually likes.
Yeah, I have no doubt.
um well are you using mturk or prolific?
Uh me as well. I've been doing prolific since last october
this
is,
Have
you had a favorite study?
Great.
And they
tell
you and they tell you for a leader or something? They tell you. Yes. I took the same one. I I really enjoyed the my favorite, my favorite study was about a court case and I um I was I was in a trial basically and they wanted to know um the participants opinion on the situation.
This was last year um at all. I think it was about businesses and technicalities. Um something about accounting. I don't remember but it was really fun.
Always.
I always thought of the idea being a part of a trial, but that changed my perspective.
you, my my brother did it a few months ago and I think he got paid $15 an hour and it's
supposed
it's not, it's not great Pope, but at least reporting food I think mm
now it subsidized,
It
is very cheap and all you would like to make it kind
of like a thank you because of that
heard
in.
can we start because not that I can think of now.
Mm hmm. But I'm not Yes. A natural spaces. Oh, I love, I love the question of if you had X. Amount of dollars, what would you do with it? Like if you had a million dollars, what would you do with it
going
on here?
december 20 chest.
And even never
uh payoff man my loans and uh I think I probably got really, probably because I suffer from anxiety and I've I've tried getting treatment for it, but under my healthcare I haven't I haven't seen anything. Um So I'd probably spend like heavy cash on uh getting help with my mental health illnesses and then maybe moving to Slovakia in central europe
because I I like the language. Mhm.
Slovak.
I think it's I think it's either five or six million people there and it's a it's a it's not as popular as there neighbouring countries such as Chinchilla or Poland, but I don't know, it's it's a it's a really it's it's a really nice language.
I'm not um I gained interest in the country maybe two years ago and I haven't been learning it because there's more important things to learn, like I'm trying to butter my spanish because I am hispanic. Um but I think after, after I become after I feel fluent in spanish, I'd probably start um becoming I try to be fluent in Slovakia,
do you know any languages? Right,
rating
business.
Okay, we're similar because during high school I also taught myself some mandarin and I taught myself korean and I learned american sign language in middle school. Um I know spanish and english and then that's about it. Not as much as you, but yeah.
I forgot an italian, I took a talent for four years.
I'm also, I'm also the same orally speaking, I'm not confident, but I love writing, I love writing mandarin and I love writing a taller Okay.
And
Well, I think, I think most uh 1st and 2nd generation kids from immigrant families have the same problem where they're force fed to learn english and they lose touch with their culture and that's that's 100% what happened with me.
It's holding.
You know
that
that's
true.
But
as
that,
come on.
you know, do you know the Youtuber called Laju Laju Laju Zoo? I think on Youtube, he's he's a black man who speaks so many languages. It's it's unbelievable. Let me try to find his channel.
Yeah. Oh rush shoe Russia. It's low sha uh 55,000. Um He has one million subscribers. Yeah. He just goes up to people and he starts talking so like, let's say he's in mainland china, he'll start talking mandarin or whatever dialogue, it's amazing. I'm in love with this man. I don't watch him as I don't want him religiously, but whenever I do stumble across his videos absolutely love it.
Oh, I don't remember. But I love this man.
They critique, they critique videos. Uh
and then there's also music's like a I don't I don't think it's called music sense, but some type of variation of a remember
something like that. Yeah.
And
yet
we
will have
indicated.
type, what type of art do you specialize on?
whoa, that's pretty that's that's pretty awesome.
Mm Okay. I like reading and Uh huh. Mm Yeah. Yeah. Uh I like, I like cleaning as a pastime. That's really soothing for me. Mhm.
Mhm
Currently, currently my room is also messed, but it's great that you can't see it.
Actually. I have some film books. I have some film and photography books by my feet right now.
I know this is like, this is like a sign that I should read them. And I also, I also have some math books as well. I think that the public school system failed me and I'm trying to reteach myself basic algebra because I just, I just don't know it and I think it's, it's mainly because um my college, one of my former college classmates, he majored in math and he's like, like math is amazing. You should, you should get, you should get better at math. So that's what I'm trying to do. Uh huh.
No,
but
Uh Oh, you don't think in calculus? I understand. Yeah.
yeah,
if
you,
I went to, it was an hour away from Buffalo. It's a college called Suny Fredonia.
It's an hour away from when are in some change away from Canada. So but I wasn't able to visit Niagara Falls american side of Niagara Falls which apparently is not as amazing as Canadian Niagara Falls.
I did one europe biology but then I suspect that I have A. D. H. D. So I wasn't able to finish my degree unfortunately.
No.
It's
like
definitely my current health insurance is um like state it's like funded by the state. So I do see I don't want to say mediocre doctors but they are not necessarily top dog. Um And yeah my psychiatry my psychiatrist suspected that I might be suffering from A. D. H. D. Given that I couldn't sit down and read a textbook or focus in my class. Um
So then she said you need to get you need to get diagnosed by psychologists but for some reason psychologists mainly diagnose on smaller Children. So then whiles on while is searching for a um psychologist to diagnose me or at least hopefully to to see if I have the diagnosis of A. D. H. D. Um Could it happen? So that's been
in the Black Runner. But but it's it's interesting because what what an A. D. H. D. B. Easily seen with females because females are like females tend to be more quiet whereas with boys are a little bit more crazy you know what I mean? I wonder why they're under diagnosed.
And.
Oh and then I have a friend with autism and he said that masking is common with with women where they just they mimic mimic how neurotic pickle people act. So when they do try to get a diagnosis or when they're suspected of the diagnosis, it just doesn't check out
what,
Martin,
Do you suspect to be on the autism spectrum?
What?
All
Well, I don't I think I think the only thing that at least what what my psychiatrist told me is that therapist can only diagnose for PTSD and you need to see a psychologist to get diagnosed for anything else. At least that's what that's what my mental profession, but that's what they said.
communism.
Right. It would it would help us to get diagnosed properly. I think it's I think it's recommended to see at least two medical health professionals seeing if they, you know, like it's good to get to diagnosis because sometimes like for example, my friend with um with autism, he was diagnosed as having Down syndrome and then the other one said, no, you just have autism. So, you know, but it would be, it would be helpful because in college maybe we might get extra time, prefer like hallmark or refer exams and stuff like that. Mhm.
No,
Are you like antsy or you're just craving your craving? Like the outside world. I was kind of the same. But then eventually I wow. How does that, how does that feel? Just being quarantined for so long?
No,
no.
Right. Um I think you're on the same book, the timer ended by the way and you can let me know, you can let me know when you know you want to end when you want to end it. Um I think I think I think that's something that society is dealing with because I suffer from agoraphobia, I get scared going outside and what if what if I have an anxiety attack and like what do I do? I'm in a train or I'm in a store but I think that a lot of americans and probably globally speaking they're probably going to suffer from travel anxiety or acrophobia or something like that just to being quarantined. Uh
huh.
That's right.
that was in 2017 I had a at the end of the year I had a really severe panic a talk where I called the ambulance and they said lady you're fine, you're crazy. Like it's all right you're just hyperventilating. And I decided to see a doctor. Um And then she diagnosed the doctor diagnosed with diagnosed me with some type of anxiety disorder. And she gave me some anti depressants anti anxiety medicine then and there and then and then I started seeing because I've been going to therapy ever since I was maybe 13. But the talk the talk of autism or A T. H. C. H. D. Or PTSD or or any of these things. It never came up. Um But then yeah I I I started seeing five therapists because I just can't seem to find the perfect one. And and then I got died. And then I got diagnosed by a psychiatrist. Uh At the end I think in the beginning of 2018. Mhm.
Yeah.
Wait wait. There's there's there's one question that that is burning in my head. Um You said I'm sorry, you said that you have a new therapist. How many therapists have you gone through
total?
And I think, well, yeah, I haven't been as lucky.
Um uh I think I did I did 31 year, this was two years ago. And then and then I actually met up in four and then I had one. I'm my childhood, so five in total. And but I didn't like the clinic, so I'll probably see if I can find another therapist. Although to be honest, I feel like I'm helping myself a lot more than any therapist has ever. And something that I didn't realize is that sometimes therapist can can actually make you move like 10 steps back, depending on what they say. I don't know.
I don't know. Well um
yeah.
Oh, me too. Okay, well, I hope you take care and I hope you can see the outside world soon.