mm. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh God on. Oh yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah
how are you?
Yes I can see more wow
All right how are you today?
I'm sorry nothing interesting. Yeah.
Yeah Housing. Oh go ahead.
Yeah I think this is my third time but yeah
that's cool.
I
was gonna ask how is the pandemic treating you?
Um It's decent. I mean I can't go to school because of the pandemic so it's just boring I guess I haven't really been out anywhere.
Right. Um Well you're in new york you've heard of Parsons? Right.
The art school? Okay. Um I did not consider online school. The college I am enrolled in is an art school in new york city so there wouldn't be
much point in trying to do art over zoom wow.
Yeah
but
you are uh work from home. All right.
Uh huh. Right interesting.
I'll
trying to think. I'm not really great at small talk.
Yeah, I have no agree with the purpose of life is gosh, my which I know. What's your current purpose? Okay.
All right. So big talk is difficult and small talk is difficult to what's like a medium talk. Yeah,
prolific. Um Yeah, I didn't qualify for mturk because I don't have a credit score. So
I say I just started this summer, but it's pretty fun
so
far. Make it. Have you had any
go ahead? Yeah,
I was just gonna ask that. Yeah. So far my favorite has been there's this one for google. You basically play like this um this
video game for five minutes to learn Afan. It's like a team building kind of exercise.
It's
not you.
What was the the court case about?
It's
not interesting.
Uh huh. I've honestly always wanted to be on a jury, but I know like it looks interesting and tv or whatever, but I know super boring in real life plus you don't get paid for work. So I know.
No,
actually, that's pretty cool man. All right.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. Like for some jobs depending on their policy or whatever, they only give you like
half a day or something like that. I don't
know.
same.
Okay. Is there anything
interesting happen in your life recently?
Have you had anything interesting happen in your life recently?
Oh, same here.
I had a million dollars.
I
would probably get myself a nice apartment in new york city.
It's like a small one, not super fancy. Get a lot of plants and then
pay off my student loans about you.
that's cool. Why Slovakia?
Like, well, I don't know many people who speak Slovakian, Is that what they
speak there? Yeah, quality,
No, that's so pretty cool. Do you? No, it fluently. Are you like learning currently?
That sounds cool.
I do. Um I, when I was younger, I used to be very obsessed obsessed with trying to learn new languages. So
I am, yeah,
at one point I knew conversational, japanese, very basic mandarin. Um I know pigeons signed english, which is like american sign language except you don't follow the correct grammar structure. Um I'm currently in the process of wearing, he grew, I took spanish for four years in high school. Yeah, I know a little bit of german, not very much though.
There. I can't speak them super well though. I can only read them.
that's really cool. No. Um
I mean like, especially with spanish, like with my job's I'm near philadelphia and so we have like a decent amount of people who speak spanish around here. And my current job, we get a lot of people from California so
we have a lot of people speak spanish as well so I understand what they're saying, but I'm not able to like conjugated past nothin my head to get an actual response. It's really embarrassing. Yeah.
Mm There are, yeah, like that's a, I mean I am african american so I don't really have any other
family agricultural languages, but I know my friends have
expressed
the same sentiment. I
always
feel like that's no kind of sucks. Yeah. Mm saying what's he going to say?
I
barely speak any mandarin but my sister,
it's actually like kind
of fluent, which is interesting. Mm
I don't want youtube that much but yeah, so I haven't heard of him but that's really cool. I've always wanted to be a polyglot, but you know when you're older it's harder to pick it up as easy. Yeah.
I'll check him out. That sounds interesting. Lasha that means teacher. Right,
Uh huh. Mom to aside, I don't the only videos I really watch on youtube. Not sure if you've heard of them, but it's called cinema sins. It's no hey, basically.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's like, yeah,
I think it's like music video since I'm not really,
I
don't know, I don't like modern music videos so I don't watch any of those,
but
I'm really big on film.
So I watched a lot of critiques and yeah. Mm
So I'm a photographer. Um not very good, but yeah, I mainly do photography, although I'm trying to branch out into doing like films, production or directing as well. Mm
What what hobbies are like besides language, what else are you interested in?
Yeah, I
wish like I like cleaning sort of except I just I have awful. HD so I think about like oh my gosh, I wish I could get this started like start cleaning and then I never get around to it. My room is actually a mess, It's it's awful. But yeah, I love reading too. Mm
Yeah. What what books have you read recently?
Oh, what a coincidence.
No, that's good. My arm.
My dad and
his two brothers, their absolute like math and physics geniuses and I I guess I'm better or like I do I'm better than average in math. But I paid it. It's it's like a completely foreign language to me, which you would think I would enjoy because I like languages, but it's indecipherable.
Not at all. I'll like be explaining something to my dad and I'm like, now let's think about this in terms of math. It's like please not numbers. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. How
was,
where did you go for college?
I've heard of the Sunni system, but I don't know that specific school. Mm
I've only seen the american side, but it was this man, I didn't find it super exciting, although I was like seven so I was focused on literally anything else. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What did you, what did you major in?
I say. Yeah, it's um, it's difficult, especially with girls and women. It's so under reported. It's really tough. So it leads to a lot of later struggles. Yeah. I only um actually only ended up getting diagnosed this
year, which sucked because that would have been way more helpful in middle school and high school. If I had known before. If you can, I know the mental health system is super expensive honestly and it's really difficult. But if you can, I would definitely look like online, free resources or like any, you know, cheap. I wouldn't say like cheap, but like, I don't know how to explain it like state or government sponsored doctors that can help because it's really like a life changer. Honestly, once you finally get a diagnosis and
knowing
where to go forward from there.
Well.
And
Well, it's like, it's a two part sort of thing. So when they first recognized it, it was mainly in boys just because of the hyperactivity and disruption of class and the same thing with autism actually, it's under diagnosed in women as well because the way it presents in women is usually it's not like super hyper because of the way women are socialized. You know like be quiet to follow the rules, stuff like that versus males. It's like oh it's fine, he's boys being boys, you know being loud or destructive or whatever which I don't agree with. But anyways. Um So for women who have a. D. H. D. Get that like constant negative feedback if you are hyperactive. And so a lot of the studies
show that the hyperactivity gets channeled not through like physical disruption but they're like super chatty talking a lot stuff like that daydreaming like head in the clouds. So that's why I get some kind of reported because it's just like well she's just dead sea not hey maybe she has like something serious going on right? Yeah.
Yeah that's the that's the same thing that happened with me. Um I think that's part of the reason I might have been, or I got like the or fit into like the prerequisite
for this study because I have been previously diagnosed with Asperger's, although that's an out of date term. It's now it's just autism spectrum. But yeah, it's for women, you know, once you continue like the same thing with A. D. H. D. Once you continue to get that negative feedback, you hyper mask. Pretty much. So at this point it's hard to tell or hard to like drop
it. I guess it's a mess. It's pretty difficult.
Well, yes and no. Previously I've been through several therapists, so my first one told me that I did. And so I just identified with that for a long time. Um, I just recently got a new therapist and she was like, yes, you have a PhD, no, I don't think you're running out of spectrum. And so because there's so much overlap with the two conditions, so
I'm kind of like honestly
grappling with losing that diagnosis because it's like, that was, it's weird because it was a part of my identity for a while, but I have still believe that, you know, maybe I'm just on the lower register potentially. Maybe she just doesn't know me well enough feeling like a full diagnosis currently.
Yeah. I am. I've been meaning to see, I mean I have a psychologist, but he's not very attentive. I he probably has a PhD as well and I swear I'll call him and he'll forget to return my calls for like weeks. So I've been planning on scene and narrow something or rather, I don't know the name, but I have to get like a bunch of brain tests done or something like that just to see like a full
diagnose us. Yeah.
definitely. I am definitely need to do that. And hopefully with the news about like the vaccines coming out and everything, I'll be able to, you know, go in person to a professional, although my mom's at risk. So I haven't been out of the house since the lockdown first
started, so since March.
it's um, it's interesting. I mean I've definitely gotten sick of my family a little bit, but we have five other people in the house. So there's always something going on and I talked to my friends over zoom. So that's kind of interaction. But I mean honestly, I mean I also have anxiety. I'm not a very super social person. I'm just good at pretending to be social when it's necessary. So I'm kind of nervous honestly about the end of quarantine and when I have to go back into society because I don't really want to
talk
to people all the time.
Yeah.
When did you first
get your diagnosis for anxiety and of or a phobia? What was that like the process?
mm. People um
I mean if you have anything to do we can end the conversation but
So
let's say I had one when I first started high school, she moved to Arizona, I got another one who I met through my friend, he was very weird, he's like a hippie sort of guy. Um So it was very helpful and I just got a new one in the past two weeks, so I've been through three.
Okay. How many have you been there or have met?
Well no that's that's definitely I know what your soul. I honestly felt like that recently I didn't really want to get a new one but I guess I mean beforehand society was all like therapy that's for crazy people and now all I see online is like everyone needs therapy everyone should go and so I don't know I didn't really want to but I figured maybe I have issues or whatever to work out but I agree I kind of think I'm doing better by myself. Mhm.
Yeah. Where
mm we're over the time limit if you're all good here but it was really I really enjoyed our conversation.
you too. I hope you eventually get to a point where it's not as scary to see the outside world.