Hi
I would for you for at least a rounding having
yeah yeah I can hear read or is
it bed
because
ever?
Not
It's not exactly sure what we're supposed to do.
Yeah I like tried to yesterday but I was just like I don't think anyone is coming on.
okay I'm in new york now
upset again.
Yeah I mean in terms of the virus you have better and cheaper definitely.
No I just moved for a job like in february. So interesting.
It's all right. I mean it definitely upstate versus city you know um Like there's probably 10,000 people here like but um
yeah. What about you?
Any
like states that come to mind?
I'd
have been there since.
Yeah for sure. Like I've literally never heard of this town before. I applied
for my job
here.
so
yeah I'm gonna get picked in. Oh,
mm.
Oh no, Mostly just like marketing. So nothing too exciting there either.
broke.
Thanks.
wow my hair.
Well that's weird.
It seems like mine got weird because I got a facetime call and then Tributes flood.
I only started because my boyfriend's like, she found it on like Reddit spear money and then I started doing it. Oh yeah. But
yeah, like it's crazy.
Like
Like it feels like it takes forever for it to build up because you know, they'll be like 20 cents or something. But then somehow it ends up being like a lot like
Mhm. Especially when you like buy something, you're like, oh, and then you look at your statement, you're like, oh that wasn't as much as I thought
it was going to be again.
We see, where did you study abroad?
I studied in London my second semester of college, so
it was,
but like like a lot of stuff was taken care of. Um
Yeah, like I studied through my school I went to which is Arcadia University kind of near philadelphia but like um it's crazy like they paid for oyster cards, like the monthly card to get into the Undergrounds
and I think
that was like, He was like £90 or something like a month. Well
um it was like in Zone one near like Queensway or Notting Hill Gate.
Did you ever do like couchsurfing or anything like that?
I really uh yeah, they were two hostiles.
I did it with a friend.
Um We did it in venice. So
I
also
did it by myself because I guess I was just like feeling like invincible for some reason. Looking back, I'm just like, oh my gosh, that was like, probably really dangerous.
Um I did travel a lot, but I also did study abroad to other semesters, so
and but yeah, I mean, I tried to take advantage of it, but I definitely kind of like would stay into so
yeah, like sometimes I'll try and go to class. So
um the other one was the city called Granada in Spain
and then I'm wrong.
Um Gosh, it's like, really hard to tell just because
they'll
have.
it's really tough because like, I really loved London maybe because it was my first semester, but then obviously Spain, I really loved the food and that one was also kind of just to improve my spanish, which of course I forgot at this point, but
you know,
and then Rome, of course, you know like pizza pasta and also like, I think that's as much as I did the most travel, but so tough. Like I feel like I have to go with like London though, I wanted to go back to Italy, I don't know
what
I guess. Not now.
Yeah, it was nice. Um I guess where did you get to go to while you were in paris or abroad?
we're nice.
it's definitely like the brits are not known for their food, maybe just like nando's if anything.
Look, did you like stay in an apartment or with like a home stay or
well? Oh, nice,
Mhm man, that's so lucky. I really wanted to do like Opare, but my Visa was long enough.
Mr
I mean definitely
we're
going
to look into it like seeing all sides. I mean I guess what was the biggest like, I don't know if you would call a disappointment or think that was unexpected.
Oh that's weird.
No.
I guess did you feel like they wanted you more as like the caregiver or more of like the english teacher if they wanted that?
We're
gonna feel some nervous.
I guess.
seems like it's going to be some like nice like immersion and cultural exchange while kind of like to both worlds for each party. But it sounds like for yours definitely it's just like you're going to be like made and like cook and like later like
Did
they,
do they like
did they have like at least like help you? Like did you ever talk to anyone else? Like that was no pair because I feel like
sometimes still be like we can help get you like other Opare friends, something like that.
I get
it
wrong. They think like it's paper.
Um I guess I'm just feeling like I could be doing more, but I feel like it's what it seems like it's expected of me, but I shouldn't put the pressure on myself.
yeah, like I feel like people are expecting everyone to come out of this like freelance artists and stuff like.
I literally had a video conference, so
this
is
the first one though, so
and
I had
so
it was early too, so everyone was just like rolled out of bed. Mhm. Mhm.
but I had another meeting and then
Oh yeah. Like I'm not like this is like, you know, not a normal situation like ever since I started working from home, it's like alarm at 7:55. Move the mouse a little. And then, you know,
I
changed my status like
I guess in terms of like maybe maybe having a few things feel more normal. Yeah, because I feel like because the meeting this morning was like our department meeting and I guess like they were kind of like inching towards like no guarantees of like job security and like fun things like that. So, you know, I think it would just be easier to just
like,
you
know,
the morning off good.
huh
I mean for us it really sounds because I think they were just like, no, No one is likely going back before, like I think the 25th or something like that. So I'm assuming
June or something like that.
Well,
I
mean I wasn't I don't know, I was thinking maybe like, I don't know. I think I didn't realize like how long we're going to say, I was almost thinking june but like, I think that's a little too early, so
Oh my gosh.
No.
like I don't even know when we're gonna
be able to travel again or anything like that. Like I had to cancel a trip and stuff like
um Toronto and like Niagara Falls,
where you gonna go?
yeah, I guess I've never been there so I'm hoping it would, I guess would have been good. Yeah.
yeah, I heard that was good too.
Yeah, I was there. I feel
like I said that there was going to be like a timer or something.
I think I have them all like in different tabs.
I guess it's also like 6:25. I feel like
they have like an attention check or something. Mhm.
No.
Going to
Thanks. Bye.