Oh gosh. I like horrible. I'm sorry, but I went running and I got rained on.
Oh my God, look at my hair. Is that this are so bad. Sorry. Um Can you hear me?
Come
on.
No, you're good,
you're good. Sorry, I actually heard you. I just nothing registered. Okay, so what's up? Yeah.
What? Yeah,
I literally have no clue. It just has to talk for 25 minutes and I have like tried to do this before and no one, No one was actually on there. Um So I was very surprised to you because I was no use to someone not being there.
Yeah. Yeah, just like sat there. So after twice I literally, I was like, I'll just go, I found and wait 10 minutes, but anyways, you're on good God. Um so I'm coming in from North Carolina. Where do you live?
Oh, you're in new york. Cool of State or the city or?
Okay. I mean, I don't know how much of a difference it is, but hopefully it's a little bit better in upstate.
Oh yeah, true. Many differences. That's what well, cool. Are you from new york?
I'm like, why do you like it?
different. Okay, so you've always done like the northeast thing.
I'm from south Carolina. Carolina, went to school in south Carolina, so and I'm about to move I guess in two months we're moving to Alabama. So, so I guess I've always in the southern thing, but I really, really want to move up north on day.
It's just
um, so I'm starting a PhD so I guess like I'm pretty locked into Alabama for a while, but then things kind of open up whenever that finishes, haven't started to even think about it finishing. But I don't know. I think new york would be cool. Um I really want to visit Rhode island for some reason. Have like my heart set on providence on an island. But I don't know why. Uh
I
don't really like the midwest that much or I don't know if I could see myself the midwest but but like hey you moved to upstate new york so there's like plenty of places I'm not thinking about.
take
it.
That's amazing. That's how I feel like about schools because okay like there's so many colleges I've never heard about that. I'll probably work it when I'll just probably work at the most estranged version of that someday. So I can't even plan about when I'll where we all work. So but
I'm sure I'll be like their biggest fan whatever they do.
Yeah
it's not that except the PhD route in accounting is a lot better than the job. Like I work at a job right now and I hate it. So I don't know what you do. You might be accounted, you might love your job.
Well marketing is another one of those that you could like it's there so broad that you could do a lot of different things but we'll congratulate
you want.
I hope that's not telling me what for jobs get hard. Huh? You went to black.
Well I can hear you. Yeah it's just this random profile of it's just like a silhouette of something because I think the connection is bad but that's okay.
Uh I hope he had sought me again, started reading here so it might be me. But
sorry. You can tell your actual facetime call that you're having a conversation with the strength. Oh have you always been prolific? Like do you do you do it just for what?
It's
it's like definitely a random site that I'm sure that no one, none of my friends or anyone I know has heard of but I mean it I just like use it for my vacation money just like extra travel funds or something that like treat yourself side things. White
count.
What? And I think being an the british pounds out of it's that little boost. Yeah I I joke it's like the only time I can take advantage of the U. S. Currency exchange. Well that like traveling to Canada but otherwise I feel like I always get hit you know when you go to europe and it's just depressing to calculate everything. Thanks for saving out of great Britain.
No.
Yes that added fee every single time. Yeah I remember I was in I studied abroad I guess like in the worst year The euro was like always fine but it was like I 2-1 for the pound and I just think if you wanted anything you wanted used to double double it and that's just, there's a whole rather, so
that was in paris. But like people were taking trips to um like just hopping over to England or something. I actually didn't go because the exchange was so bad announce the time. Like there are better times. But
my gosh,
okay, so here I am thinking of the choir over here. You actually want that
like all of the bigger expenses.
Whoa.
With
that's awesome. Wait, where do you live when you studied abroad? Like where in London?
Oh, cool. That's beautiful. Yeah, I felt, I wish every time I've gone there I just stayed wherever an Airbnb I could find. So it's been random but like that was very desirable place to let. Yeah.
I've never so like, I have like a level of comfort when I travel and I've never, I don't go below Airbnb. I love everybody. Be like, I could, I would promote them if they, if I could, I'm so passionate about that company, but I've never done a hostile.
Okay. Yeah. I didn't do a lot. So I never did calcium either. I would do it probably, but
really? Wait, where?
Oh, that's
good.
But
right now that's what he's money. Um, wait, so I'm sure you traveled like a lot while you were over there or did you stay mostly in London or the UK?
Well, I need to go to Arcadia.
Well yeah, like I'm sure you're over there for a whole semester. It's a lot. You need like the ebbs and flows that you would naturally have in your daily life. So
Oh, wash. Well that's like the hardest. Or did you said London and you said two other times? Where did you go then?
Oh yeah. Cool. Okay.
Oh my gosh. You hit up all the countries. That's awesome. What was your, what was your favorite?
I
mean they're
very, so probably, I'm going to ask.
I'm
sure good at the time.
Oh do it well yeah, do it
definitely for it.
Yeah. Round one. Such good proximity to good places to and the trains are so easily in Italy's, I'm sure you went to great places.
I'm mostly just traveled on my own. I haven't really done like I wanted to learn french so I don't have more of like an intensive french learning. So I was there for the classes, which means you can really travel that much while you're over there. But I went to Denmark last year and I really liked it
Copenhagen and then we were in Portugal over christmas. I don't know, I really like it, although like I thought I was gonna just like a lot of people have talked about like spanish and Portuguese food not being that great. I don't really know why, I guess they don't like seafoods and they well, you know, or if it's just like not pasta pizza, they're like oh that's what I've heard the same thing on british shoot and I've been to all of them and I I thought it was great, that is the wine the most like uh huh I could really go for that, but
yeah. Um well it's kind of like here or like the States where, I mean they have like signature dishes that I guess they're known for, but there's less of like a distinct um food culture, I guess it's because it's like next, but. Mhm. Yeah, I shouldn't think, I mean there's like a few dishes, but I don't know, I just want to travel again.
I was on
like I went, so again, I did like creative ways to travel I guess are non conventional, like I wish I could be like you and just go like bam bam bam, three different study of rods. But I was like oh pair for a different summer because I wanted a language. So I like was a french, like a nanny, I was like a nanny is a nice word, it was more like an indentured servant for a very poorly paid A one for family in paris, so All right, not in paris. Uh It was like two hours outside of paris um in the middle of nowhere, let's just leave all the warmer side that yeah, so they've all been kind of home stays and then if I travel on my own it's Airbnb because I like it.
Oh my gosh, mm I don't know if I don't talk to me, I had a horrible, horrible, horrible experience. Um
like in theory it's such a great thing and then mine was just not so I'm like very bitter and tainted but I'm sure you could talk to other people and they had great experiences and then you would be encouraged to try
what
would
happen.
Mhm. Like so for me, I mean they give you room and board, right, that's that should be an advantage because not getting paid that much but like my room and board was very very loosely interpreted, that's it. So like they sold their house, they were going to live in like a town so that they sold their house a week before I got there. So we actually lived in the countryside on there property because like their job was managing this um campground basically. I think that was their job, a european campground. So I lived in trailer on the campground, like they had a house on the property while in a trailer with the people who worked on the campground.
I had to like walk of shame every morning and night like to the Children and back
also. But I would say like more general, oh like the food was just like the food I got was like the expired food out of the grocery store at the campground, like that's what Yeah, so like again you could get, she's a chef, like mom's a chef, her dad's a chef. I know like I have a nice house or you can get when I got it, but also it really just depends on how good the kids are. Like the kids, mine were like they were the spot of devil. So you're talking about them because it's been a while. It's pretty scared at first like when I first came back and but yeah, it definitely depends on the discipline because I mean like it's weird. Disciplining kids that aren't around that you are a complete stranger, you're gonna also in a foreign language. That kind of sucked too because I don't I didn't know all of the choice words that I would have used like discipline a child. So anyways, it's a great way to travel. But what
um I don't think, I think my main job for them was like like affordable help basically the help because it's also the thing that you don't think about is like going there for childcare, but then like the job description kind of got faded over time. Like she would give me the keys to her car and tell her to feel like like the driver car and for all the choirs up with gas and I was like, I don't really know if this is my job or like or
like
why I don't like the dad came him like I was to like put his shoes off like he would leave them on the mat and like I was just going up or like well like their clinics and I had to have dinner ready by the time the husband got him. It's very patriarchal society. But like I had Ready by 6:00 when he came home, but like also keep their Children entertained. And it was like, well I just feel like this is a lot of jobs all right, aren't exactly uh in the job description that I signed up for like
that, like cleaning their house or I don't know, ironing their clothes, That was kind of weird. Mhm.
well I can pay you a dollar a kid an hour, like it's I didn't even know that was legal, that, but again, it is legal through the open air route. I don't know, it's
probably
the weird ever done, but
it's I find, wow.
well,
so I was in the middle of nowhere because we I would have been in a town um and I'm assuming would have met people like taking the kids to school and stuff, but I was literally on a campground in the middle of knowing it's like I guess it's like the chateau region of France Like there are nice tourist places around but like they're kind of isolated. So you stay at this campground then to go visit them. So I met like a lot of family like european traveling families that would come. Um But yeah, again, but I'm sure that you have great stories of someone like from someone else where sorry, I got a message from someone, I don't like a number product. Do you need this verification code? God help him. Sorry 9 39 017. Sorry. Mhm. You like when you have to verify an account so. Oh
come
on.
Well it always like gets sent to, you know some email you don't have access to any more or house phone that you don't have. But I hope so. How are you doing during this time or just wonder what we didn't have to talk about this time?
No I get that. Yeah. Um Especially when you try to make one change, but then you feel like you should be making 10. Like you should be cooking and reading and cleaning and I don't know, setting up an Etsy shop. Yeah. Oh working and working out both of those two things.
Oh wow. Or like everyone's gonna have a Youtube channel and they're all going to last one month after this or something. We like you so you like dressed up for your day. Which is awesome.
What? Wait, they make you do video coming to
us? That's a
world.
Oh that's
so
cruel.
We well I work in accounting so they're all really antisocial. But um yeah like we do these happy our calls every week but they're not on video. Like there's no war aspects. So it's literally just a bunch of people sitting on a phone call together awkwardly trying to make conversation. So at least like a video conference, it's easier to interact. It's more what?
gosh what time is it at the
Oh my gosh. I'll be honest. I don't know if I my bed like like Alarm clock goes off out there. eight these days literally just wake up, turn on my computer, log in, then go back and get ready
right as long as you lot Skype status or whatever you use
that.
I like live by the available that we like we use Skype sits is available. And so I'm like OK I have 29 minutes to go outside and lock and then I have to walk them move the mouth. Then like then I can like sit down or something. Oh man I like I don't know are you looking forward to getting back to work? Mm
That
hearing
is
over call at eight. a.m. Work.
We got the longest day. Yeah.
Oh man. Well I guess are you all going back any time? Have they like talked about that? I feel like no one at our work has announced anything official along those lines
and move.
We have like a bet going in our office and like the guy the partner is high up, I think he voted september or
something. He's not very optimistic. I was June one I was super. This is like a month ago. I was I was on the optimism. I don't know where you lie in your
after.
Yeah, I don't have kids. I feel like if we, I don't know if you have kids, you have kids? Okay. I didn't want to see. But like I feel like people without kids versus with kids, like people with kids are thinking real long term because they're already they've been out for so long and they're like, oh my God, they're not going back until september august forever. So maybe there are more realistic. I mean, I'm just very grateful that I don't have Children. Yeah, like there's this one lady at work, she has like three and I swear she's she fainted like a month ago.
She just doesn't show up sometimes just taking a lot of PCO.
But hopes were like mental, just some like a mental time for her, so.
Well,
Where'd you cancel all? Had to cancel 2? Where do you where were you going to go?
Fun or Earthy, That's so cool.
We're gonna go to colorado again. Too optimistic. I booked it like at the very beginning, like March 15th and I was like, oh, first week of May. No, my in colorado. No, obviously, but Toronto sounds fun. Niagara Falls sounds fun. Okay.
Yeah, for sure. Um I highly service Montreal to if you ever get the chance, if you
and then, I mean you're upstate new york, so like I think about you all the four hour drive from Albany, so it's amazing. Well, fun lot of young people, I mean, so it's Toronto, but anyways, I think we only got 25 minutes. Right?
What?
Mhm. So if you go back, do you have another tab open?
Uh if you go to like the todd that you were on before you clicked through to get the video to show up? I think at the bottom of that there's a timer if you see that. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I think we're going, I don't know how to get out of this, the Facetime thing, let me read the instructions before I get off. It was a really long page and I think I read them. Um
well
quite a day, I mean I think I'm pretty good about this. Yeah, so I think wow don't close it until you're completely finished with the conversation, so I think we're free to just close the conversation tab. But anyways it's really nice to meet you,
thanks for having my day and you look good in yellow,