SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. All right. Yes. Mhm. Why do you wake up? Yeah. Anything? Okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Say Mhm. Okay. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mm. Well, see Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. For generations. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. We can talk about mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. How much money? Mhm. All right. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So how are
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good. Did you? Um so this is maybe a weird question, Did you are you doing this from prolific, prolific.
SPEAKER_L: You know, are you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So I'm not the best uh conversationalist. I'll do my very best though. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: are you like, where in the world are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Me too? What part?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm in um uh Greensboro.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm in term Are you doing up this early? Are
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: you usually up this early? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Not currently, I used to get up about 55 30. I used to work with horses, so I'd have to get up early to feed them, but these days I I get up a little bit later.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Wait, so like when you mean like you used to work with horses, what does that mean? Like what kind of horses, like racehorses are like, like regular workhorses?
SPEAKER_R: Well, so the for the most part, the horses that we had in our barn were for jump in and they would go to shows and basically, um they get rated on how well they jumped and they'd have like giant courses and they'd have to make it through the whole course about knocking one of the jumps down and um and basically what my job was was I just made sure that they were okay, I would um feed them and make sure they have water and then I take them out of the barn and take them in the barn and clean their stalls and that was pretty much what I did.
SPEAKER_L: And so random. But I have like such a weird a secret recession but like I think horses are so fascinating and like horse breeding. Oh my goodness. I used in college I used to work at this bookstore and this woman I used to watch like horse auctions or something like that instead of working and I don't understand why, but she was like and I was like, oh how weird. And then I was looking into it and it's so interesting like horses costs a lot of fucking money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but they do, I mean you can you can get one like kind of cheap, I mean there's people who Pass off something for like 100, but I mean
SPEAKER_L: Wait, 1000 are like 100
SPEAKER_R: literally just 100 but I mean it's it's going to be like probably horses that haven't been trained, so you you could get on those horses and easily get killed because they'll buck you off and they'll try to kick you and bite you and and
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: so they sell them super cheap. Um But for a horse that is trained um then I'll be like a couple grand and then for like really good jumpers and stuff that goes into like I mean it was typical to have a horse in the barn that was like 50 75 grand, and then but the horses can go up to like like half a million and stuff,
SPEAKER_L: jesus
SPEAKER_R: which
SPEAKER_L: christ
SPEAKER_R: is right. Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: how did we end up working with horses? Does your family or like a horse farm or something or do you work for one?
SPEAKER_R: So my my dad owns uh owns a barn, so I worked with him for a little bit,
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: how did you, were you like riding horses as a kid,
SPEAKER_R: I I wrote a little bit, it wasn't it wasn't it's not really my thing to be honest. Um
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: it not?
SPEAKER_R: kind of it's it really depends what you're doing, I mean for like jumping and stuff, people will train to be jumpers for like 10 or 15 years before they really can. Like I really do like the big stuff because you're like your conditioning your body, you know? So because that because it's just it takes because the horses are so strong. Um I remember I was trying, I was riding one horse and to get her to turn, I actually tore my uh rotary, rotary cuff or whatever that that muscle is here. I still feel it sometimes when it's really cold, like it's really sore. And so yeah, it's it's more about conditioning your body to be able to control these gigantic animals, and that does take a little bit of time. But
SPEAKER_L: Wait, I've always wanted to go horseback when I know I'm scared.
SPEAKER_R: it's so the thing is, it should be super super, like, I don't really think you would have much to worry about even with the jumping, the jumping is pretty much safe until you're probably about a year in, depending on how fast your trainer um pushes you, you know? But that's that's a big thing, is because trainers are afraid that if you get hurt right, because that could be a liability, right? And also it's not good for the barn. They don't want people getting hurt at the barn because then you'd be like, hey that barn kind of sucks, I got hurt there.
SPEAKER_L: well side of the barn don't go.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, you should be ok. Yeah, it's it's it's it's a good time in um It really depends what you want to do to um what would you like to do?
SPEAKER_L: Just write one. I mean like I don't really want to like a regular thing, I just kind of want to go or twice and just like, hey, this is cool, a little horse, but I don't want to like rip my fucking
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: shoulder and like no with me, I would like fall off. Honestly, like to me, I just don't understand how people even get up there for the most. Like horses are huge
SPEAKER_R: They're big. Yeah. There.
SPEAKER_L: like randomly. And the thing is like people, people have them, but it's kind of just like you can't just hop on any horse. Like it has to be like a friendly horse.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's true. I know
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: is quickly.
SPEAKER_R: I know some horror stories about people
SPEAKER_L: worth one, you heard? Mm.
SPEAKER_R: know I I know somebody who actually the horse they hopped on was a very good horse and never I think they had the horse for about 15 years, never had any problems. Um And it never like was it never spooked, Which like so like if it saw something like bolt and just run away because that could be dangerous if a horse bolts when you're like in front of it because it could trample you or whatever, then you're probably gonna not be very happy about it. But um so yeah the horse had never spoke before and she jumped on the back of the horse uh bareback, so I didn't have like a saddle or anything and for some reason the horse spooked and bolted and she slid off the back and her leg kind of gave out underneath her and she shattered it and they actually, yeah they had to bolt her leg with like bolts and stuff and that was like
SPEAKER_L: What the fuck? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so horses
SPEAKER_L: How did
SPEAKER_R: kind of stressed
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: get on a horse bareback? Do you just like jump up
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't even know, I was never I was never that into horses to to know for sure. I was so I was so like busy trying to make them not die, you know, like just taking care of them that I was, I wasn't even thinking about.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I would ride, I would write sometimes, but it would be like with the saddle and and everything. So I don't, I don't know you, you have to be a, like a real horse person too just jump on horses bareback, but I don't, I don't even know. I think maybe they slide in from the back or something, maybe
SPEAKER_L: Get her?
SPEAKER_R: they grabbed the main and then hop over the side. I don't know, but
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: work for her.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Clearly. Which really leads to my next point. That's another thing. Like I really just don't trust animals. Like I feel like it's very interesting that humans believe that like these animals that they cannot communicate with are just like happy around them all the time. Like oh my God have you seen Tiger King?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yes, I have.
SPEAKER_L: It's just first of all. No. But like do you feel like joe all of them are just like oh my goodness these tigers with my friends and like I love these tigers and they love me back. Like literally any day they could kill you. Do you know do you think that you're you're feeding them expired meat from wal mart? They don't fucking like you like I'm sure I am sure they are applauded when you liked that one tiger that like bit him in the leg and he like I don't know if he actually shot her if you just shot at her. I just like dude this is a prime example like you cannot just like go around blindly trusting animals like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. That's, that's true. So also, you know, it's kind of like, like a respect thing too because I mean if you take an animal, like if you take like an animal for granted and you just assume that they're going to listen to you because you're a person, you know, and I was like, I don't actually have to do that, I could do whatever I want, and so it is definitely where you have to be careful. I remember once I had just kind of shoot a horse awake, so I was trying to get another horse out and it actually lunged at me and try to its mouth open, I'll put this guy in teeth and try to rip my hand off pretty much, and that was kind of a wake up call, okay, so I can't even shoot this horse and it was, it was a young male and you know, was very aggressive and it was trying to not like I'm not going to let this person do this to me in front of all my horse buddies, you know? So I was like okay, I gotta be careful with he's he's kind of a young book so I gotta, you know, treat them a little bit different. But
SPEAKER_L: whatever
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you're you're right. It's I want to I want to mess with tigers. Did you hear them? What was the woman's name in that?
SPEAKER_L: carol Baskin
SPEAKER_R: Did you hear that? They think they found like a body on
SPEAKER_L: over.
SPEAKER_R: one of her properties? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No I didn't. Do you think she killed her husband? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And to the thing is so here's the thing, I wouldn't be surprised if she did. However, I feel like first of all like there were so many things going on at once. It is so interesting that like the one takeaway from this is like carol Baskin killed her husband and not like oh hey joe exotic is like getting these supposedly straight men to like sleep with him
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: and marry him for meth. But then also when it comes to carol Baskin and her husband first of all, like she seems like nice but she seems like evil at the same time, like I know something's up there but at the same time to like what's her husband way older than her and then she had like a history of abuse with her other husband and I was just kind of like, see I feel like this isn't really all been fleshed out because I feel like her husband also might not have been that great and so if she killed her like potentially abusive husband, I don't really care too much but at the same time like what is going on, I just feel like there was just like oh
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: yeah and by the way like she was 21 married to this 40 year old and then they got divorced and she met this new guy but like now he's dead and people think she did it, but whatever. But then also his family is like, we don't like her, she's an evil person. We want. Like she took all her dad's money, so I'm like, is she a gold digger? It just was very unclear.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll say this. I think she was probably the most honest of the three because there was uh there was the tiger king joe right
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: there is that other creepy dude feel like like
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: converted
SPEAKER_L: was I think
SPEAKER_R: women
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to his cold.
SPEAKER_L: bagan or like something weird I forget. But you didn't know he had that. Oh my god. And like all of these random women That he had working 20 hours a day and like being sex slaves and illegal employees and they weren't really even getting paid. I was just like, oh my gosh! And like that one girl was like, she just went to get her boobs done so that she could breast I was like, Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: it's like shady, shady
SPEAKER_L: Not only
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: is it shady, but just it's just so interesting to me that the world is so huge and like there's so many things that go on that you would literally never think about, like the fact that like the largest number of like domestic or like cats, big cats that are held as pets are in the United States and I'm from fucking Baltimore, nobody has a tiger running through the streets. Like this is not a thing, like Oh yeah, there's so many like where are these people at
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a it's a big, it's a big world that's for sure. Um I don't even know, I don't I know people like them from the horse world and
SPEAKER_L: general?
SPEAKER_R: that must just yeah there's some there's some there's some shady people out there man and there yeah, I can dude, I don't even know. It's a lot to take in but I kind of feel the same way that uh I don't you would think like maybe five people in the United States was like smuggling tigers but apparently it's this big thing. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. And I'm just kind of like, where do you even like in order for you to have this underground operation where you're smuggling in exotic animals? This isn't like a oh, I'm driving them across the border kind of thing. This is like a you have to be able to transport them around the world at some point, like. Yeah, like once you kind of breed them, this kind of like you're just driving across the country but they have to originally
SPEAKER_R: Girl.
SPEAKER_L: come from somewhere and that's very weird like how and also just the idea that so many people like when they were saying how much people are paying to um get these pictures with these clubs and it was like oh it's like such an addictive feeling and you feel so powerful and like everybody wants to take a picture with a baby tiger because who doesn't want to take a picture with the baby tiger was like, I cannot relate it all, I have no desire to be with a baby tiger. All these animals are in captive fitting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's definitely not. I know someone that went to their that that the dude who had like the weird sex slaves or whatever. I guess she went to that place to see the tigers when she said that he was great. I don't think she ever saw the documentary. That that's it's not so great.
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: But um yeah, he's just, yeah, I've never, I've never felt like petting a tiger or something like that. I think your, your video went out come,
SPEAKER_L: I can still see, you can still hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know where it is and I don't know how to fix that. Have literally no idea what
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: program this is.
SPEAKER_R: maybe it's just a glitch in, I'll fix itself.
SPEAKER_L: Let's see.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh I have no idea what, what, what's going on. So when people buy horses, can you buy horses from like a different country? And if you do, how do you get it to you?
SPEAKER_R: so you can, you can definitely by um my, my dad imported a few warm bloods from Germany. Um it's a few things you can, you can do it the through typical channels where it's like auctions and you go and you, you purchase the horse to the auctions, but because my dad's a trainer, he has um connections in Germany, so he'll usually go through his own connections by care. I'm looking for this kind of horse, for a client and then the person, I'm like, okay, we'll keep an eye out and then when they find something like that, they're like, hey we found this horse for this price and my dad would be like, oh that's a good price, I'll take it or like I can't pay that much and um and then they'll work it through, but so for for my dad it's through just contacts, like relationships. He's he's made um for for like, like for like a buyer or something like that, that doesn't have the relationships you do it through, like auctions and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Do you put the whole time like bro?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I think they can even do it by a plane, like a giant cargo plane, but I think it's mostly done by a boat. So they actually in new york, whenever a horse to be imported, we would go up to new york and our trailer. Um and we pick up the horse at the quarantine zone because when the animals come into the United States, they have to make sure they don't have certain diseases and stuff. So they send them into quarantine for a few weeks and then we just pick them up from the the quarantine station.
SPEAKER_L: I was, you're never just like getting a horse shit off the plane, which makes sense because that's the thing I was watching. This girl who has evolved and hard guys moved to Japan and they had to quarantine their dog in order to take it over there and for like however long it was that her dog was being quarantined. She was losing her mind. I hope because it's okay. I'm pretty sure glasses, phone. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Would you ever like to go to some place like japan or something or is that kind of just not something?
SPEAKER_L: um I didn't ever really like want to go to Japan before. So her name on instagram and Tiktok is her atlas. I don't know if you peruse the internet as much as I do to waste time when you should be doing other things. But um, she move to Japan because her husband's in the military, which is like a whole thing in itself, but I'm not going to ask any questions about it because I don't want to be disappointed. And it's really unclear what he does and she doesn't talk about him because he's, my husband is a private person and it's your husband murderer. Is he just like a tech analysts? Like what's the deal? But not nonetheless. Um,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I didn't really think about it until I started seeing her videos and stuff because it's just one of those places that like, I feel like ASia in the countries are so interesting because I feel like they literally are like a separate realm. Like, I don't know any like famous people or I mean there's like a few actors and stuff like so for example, did you see crazy rich asians,
SPEAKER_R: No, I haven't seen that movie.
SPEAKER_L: there are so many insanely rich people in Asia, you know here like in America like rich people like celebrities whatever. But it's like I feel like it's the exact same thing there, but they're just not famous in the United States and I have no idea why. So it's just so interesting to me like even like all of like their K pop bands and like enemy and actors and actresses, like every once in a while you'll see a story about them and I'll be like wow, like there are people who are like super famous and other countries that you just never hear of or
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: even like day to day events that happened like when they have like all of those like protest and stuff at the beginning of the year. Yeah, but like you hear nothing about like japanese pop culture or like japanese news or like today in Japan, this is what happened like it's just something that I never thought about and then she started doing all of her vlogs and she was eating all this food that looked really good and I was like uh maybe I do want to go to Japan, like she goes to 7 11 all the time and apparently 7 11 in Japan has super fresh food that gets made italy and like comes in like multiple times a day, it looks much higher quality, like much higher quality than what we have here. And I was like oh I would love to go, so I want to go there, I have always wanted to go to bora bora but like that's not really interesting. Like I went to a resort once and it was just like
SPEAKER_R: Just,
SPEAKER_L: sitting on the beach for days on end, which was fine but also kind of boring. Um I used to live in London for a year so I will go back thing.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. I
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: have not traveled
SPEAKER_L: want,
SPEAKER_R: at all out of the United States.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't travel out of the United States and I was like 17. I studied abroad, what's at 17. I was like, which was probably the best time to do it only because um I was in London setting about for like four months and when you're 18 you're an adult. And for me like I went to school in Iowa and so being in London was like Wow, I'm in a real place for once. And so I could like go to bars and I could drink and I could go out when I was out. I was around real adults because you know, here like if you're 18, like, yeah, you might be able to like go out, but it's around like other 18 year old, they get like an 18 and over club. Nobody over the age of 21 is really trying to be there because why would you fire nice with Children if you're an adult and an 18 and over club? Like that's pretty weird. You probably shouldn't be. But in London it was like when you're 18 you can go anywhere. So there's like actual adults around and like, yeah, there's some places that are like for college students, but you can also just go places where regular adults are. So I was just like, Oh my God, like there's real
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: life many years. But I would definitely say like, and I went to London because I don't speak any other languages. Like I thought when I started college, I was like, oh my goodness, I'm going to be a double major in education in spanish and I'm gonna want in spanish, I'm going to study abroad in spain took my first spanish class and almost fucking failed. So that wasn't gonna work completely stopped after that. Um and London was like one of the few places I could go to because they spoke english and I didn't really need to anything, but I think that it's similar enough to the United States, that like, if you're getting really homesick and nostalgic, you can just go to Mcdonald's or whatever and get over it. But like, it's different enough that like, it feels foreign and it feels like you're in a completely different country. I love London, I'm like obsessed with it. Like I will talk about it literally every day. Like It's one of those things like anybody who knows me is like, we get it. You used to live in London. It's like, you can talk like, you know, like I, this was what, 2014 literally like me and one of my roommates when I first moved there, I lived in a house with like six people. Well, so it was like our college had like, they set it all up so we just like paid our regular tuition to them. And then like, they were just like, here's your address, This is where you're going to be here at this time and somebody will let you win whatever. And so, um, there was, I had a roommate, we were in the same room and then those two other girls in the same room and then the next floor down there was a triple, which sounded awful to me, but whatever and then people in the triple in the same room and then in the basement there was like the kitchen and stuff. Um So me and one of my other roommates are like still really close, we talk all the time and like literally like to this day will be like oh my goodness remember that kind that we went to this place into this thing and he was like I was so long ago and there's like a running joke on twitter that I've seen where people are like it's a study abroad literally won't shut the fuck up about it and I'm like I'm literally one of those people and it's so embarrassing now since like the further away it gets the more I kind of have to like catch myself okay like it's a while like shut up nobody cares but like I loved it.
SPEAKER_R: Well maybe maybe traveling for you, are you are you intending to ever go back out there and travel or is it you're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: focused
SPEAKER_L: to move
SPEAKER_R: on?
SPEAKER_L: there. Like I'm I go to you and see now I'm getting a PhD. But like, when I graduate, I definitely like, wanna potentially like move back to London. I'm kind of torn because like, I'm from Baltimore, I want to go back to Baltimore because like, that's where home is and everything like that. But like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: kind of want to move to London, kind of want to move to new york wouldn't really be opposed to moving to Chicago. Um but London is my number one choice. Like, I just feel like it's the most magical place in the world. I want everybody to go, I want everybody to go and have the best time, right?
SPEAKER_R: I'll have to remember if I ever get a chance to travel that London has to be on that list of places to go.
SPEAKER_L: London is so great. Oh yeah, I see what you mean. Now your camera kind of cut off, but I could just hear you. Oh London is absolutely, you know, I wonder if this is like part of the whole thing. Like maybe this is like intentional. I have no what it is that they're even studying.
SPEAKER_R: Oh like the camera thing I could just messing with us. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I don't
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: know they're messing with us. But I remember reading it and it was like, oh yeah, like we're going to study like conversation patterns or whatever. And I'm like, I don't know what that means, but if you're going to pay me to do it, I'll do it. Like I have, I downloaded like the little extension for google chrome that tells you like audibly like when there's a new study is available.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it will be like new studies available prolific and I like front to the website to do them. Um And so like I just like leave. I've left like for the past, like I guess I'm not going to have, I've just left all of my prolific money sitting in my account and then I told myself at the end of the year I was going to buy something, but I haven't decided what yet.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you have any ideas what you what you would like to buy or just?
SPEAKER_L: No clue. I mean, part of me is like, I'm just saying that I'm, part of me is like, no, like see how much you can get and then spend it on something exciting, but we're in the middle of a pandemic, like what am I going by?
SPEAKER_R: That's true. But what if you saved it for travel because you obviously you obviously already you've traveled so it's already like in you, you know what I mean
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like?
SPEAKER_L: the thing, like, I was talking to one of my friends about this just did it because she wants to take her mom to paris in april and I was just like, will you be allowed in paris in april, will you be allowed to go,
SPEAKER_R: that's true,
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: able to enter into the country, like what do you think is gonna happen? She's like, I actually don't know and that's my thing. I'm kind of just like I have no idea like what traveling is going to be like I actually okay, so like I felt really bad like I went to um boston in like august and I feel like this is like this is like one school had first started, so everybody was like oh my god, like the outbreaks all over campus is this is a real thing, we're all gonna die, like don't do anything right? But I went to boston because I'm stupid and my ex boyfriend asked me to and I was like yeah sure why not? Well that's really not what happened. His brother died and he told me about it and I was like oh shit, like I'll come to boston like for a couple of days whatever, right? So I flew to boston but like I didn't tell anybody except for like two people I didn't post about it. And I made sure that like my location wasn't like anywhere on my social media because I didn't want anybody to be like, you're on a plane, you're part of the problem. You're the reason why we're gonna die. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: but it actually like wasn't that bad. Like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: the plane was not that fool. They gave me like hand sanitizer and a little wipe. I didn't get covid as a result of it. Everybody had their mask on and like the airport was super empty. It wasn't a huge thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well you are already traveling quite a bit so I imagine you you have a lot of traveling in your future to which I that's pretty cool
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: um you know there's people in the state that's never left the state.
SPEAKER_L: I feel as a state
SPEAKER_R: Isn't that crazy? I've met people who've never left the state of north Carolina. Yeah, I'm from colorado, I've traveled around the United States but I've never traveled outside the United States.
SPEAKER_L: I like I, the thing is like, I think that's one of the things like people abroad don't really understand dan. And like living in London at least like London has like five airports within the city, like within like 40 minutes the city, right? So like everybody who I met in London was like, oh yeah, we're just gonna go to Amsterdam for the weekend. I mean because like fights are super cheap, you can go from like London, like I went to Lisbon and meet up with one of my friends because she was doing something God knows what. And um She was like, Oh, like I'll just do like a day long layover and we could just make that the flight was like $30,
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: like round trip traveling in europe is so much less expensive one because like, I mean back when the Eu was a thing um I think like travel between really um people that also they don't have the same kind of taxes that you have, like in the United States for air travel and stuff like that, so it's so much more affordable and so people will be like, I don't understand how people don't make the us, why do people use never travel everybody on line that travels like well first of all it's fucking expensive. Second of all like leaving the country is like thousands of dollars that of all the countries like 100 times the size of the city that you think is like so very like Leaving the United States like you can, there's 50 states to go to in the United States like you really don't have to leave because you can go to a different part of the country and see something completely new. Like I mean like new york is not the same as Wyoming is not the same as Utah is not the same as colorado is not the same as California. Like there is a completely
SPEAKER_R: It's true,
SPEAKER_L: different like a regional differences if you want to go on a vacation, you have tons of options. Also traveling is expensive and just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: get it like what do you mean? You don't fucking get it? It's not that hard, like it's not a difficult concept, don't be fucking elitist, it's like not something that's super accessible. I didn't even have a passport and so like I had applied to study abroad if I hadn't gone to school where like everybody studied abroad, I probably never would have left the country
SPEAKER_R: I get the impression that that there's sort of this feel of elitism in in europe, but I've never been to europe, so I don't know for sure but because you've traveled, I got a question for you uh seen how like people are in different countries and then also being here, do you feel like americans are very self absorbed?
SPEAKER_L: 1%. I feel like Americans are absolutely fucking thing. And the thing is like and the thing is like, I noticed that about myself like when I left because the thing is like
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: people will say things like you just don't really and I mean I guess it depends like who you are in like your regular life. But I guess for me, I never really felt that me to like defend my americanness until like it was under attack by other people will be like, oh my God, americans are so fucking time and well actually we're not so, but like I think american culture is just also so global at this point, there's so many things for american culture that are recognizable and like other cultures, so it's really hard to travel and like not have this
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: sense of like everybody knows who we are. Um but
SPEAKER_R: What? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So like there's like this like nationalism that kind of comes out and they're like, I mean you're you're 100% in American. Like I remember when I first studied abroad, like a program coordinator was like don't be like these other like american students running around being loud and obnoxious and like and I think too, it's also just like by design, like when I was living abroad, american news was like on tv
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: and in the newspaper
SPEAKER_R: Talk.
SPEAKER_L: all the time. Like I never paid attention
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: nothing
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: that was happening outside of the country. Whether it was like the Daily News newspaper is none of that. Like what was happening around the world is like not a conversation here really. Like it's very
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: much like it's like the east coast, the west coast, like what's happening in fucking Montana isn't even a discussion
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: here. Like I was on Tiktok today and there was this um there's this farmer
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: from Idaho that was just talking about like farm subsidies
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: because he's like farms,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I think mostly onions and so he just like, I was like all of this information about like farm subsidies, like he'll talk about like farming
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: onions and like how long it takes her stuff to get to the grocery store and like how difficult it is for some farmers to like make money and not going out because of covert like the changes in the industry and things like that. And it's like the american midwest that have so much stuff going on when it comes to like food production and all of those things. But we do
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: literally
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: never hear about it, let alone what's happening
SPEAKER_R: it's a quick,
SPEAKER_L: in other countries, that people are so selective
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: fine
SPEAKER_L: what it is that they talk about or what like interest stories are. So I definitely think that like americans are very much in their own little bubble and even when it comes to just
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: basic
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: shit like geography, like I'm pretty terrible
SPEAKER_R: moment.
SPEAKER_L: at it, but
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like if somebody were like hand me a blank map of the world was like fill this out, I would not do it correctly. I
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't either, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: couldn't
SPEAKER_L: thought,
SPEAKER_R: do the United States correctly.
SPEAKER_L: I thought Germany was like where Russia is for like the longest time or like even just one of my um somebody went to college with like went to Croatia. No fucking clue for that. Like at all. Like the part of europe to like, I could maybe recognized as like the part where London is, but even still like, where is New Zealand? Not too sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think New Zealand, is that near Australia?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's near Australia. I definitely think new Zealand and Australia have a thing going on. Um so I want to say it's southwest of Australia and like, I know where Australia is because it's over there. But I mean even when you look at maps in the United States are going to elementary school were literally given a map or like America is in the middle of America is disproportionately larger than everything else. Like it's just all of the little ways that we're kind of taught to think that we're superior or like even the fact that people think America is like the greatest country in the world when literally we're not number one in anything, not in education, not in healthcare, like non intelligence, not not anything. And there's still like this since I was like american superiority that we're spoon fed. And so I think that definitely comes like a lot of arrogance but I definitely don't think like we're the only ones who think that like french people are like fucking thing. Mark. I remember reading this paper about like um different countries and like their national side using like how they feel about themselves and like themselves in relation to the rest of the world. And it's not like an american thing. I think it's very much like a western thing just more broadly. But no, I mean and then also just, it's kind of one of those things too where you'll go to a different country and like you'll see american things, super obnoxious. Like
SPEAKER_R: Are they really that bad? Like are we are we really that bad, wow.
SPEAKER_L: I think all people can be that bad in the village. I mean if you go to my place, like you can find anybody, like being a bit like I've seen like british men fighting in the middle of the street, like it's not only american, but I think it'll be like to like, and when the train in London, nobody talks like if you're traveling with somebody will like might have like a short like side quiet side conversation, but nobody is like talking like even during rush hour it will be like quiet and then like, you'll see like a group of americans and they'll be like running around screaming on the train, you'll be like, shut the fuck up! Oh my God, look at those americans. I probably leave the acting like this crazy. I'm british. So I have nothing to do with that. But you know,
SPEAKER_R: there you go. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: how odd, how odd is it? Hmm.
SPEAKER_R: that's a pretty, that's a pretty good accent by the way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in order to like develop your british accent, you really just have to watch or listen to british people. I mean, I don't really remember what my british accent was like before, but it was like not correct at all. I'm really bad at picking up accents anyway, but I was watching stimulus Tiktok and somebody like, there were like all these rich people doing american accents and um,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: they were like, obviously like,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we know how to do american accents, like half of the shit that we fucking watches
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: american. And that's another thing too. I feel like people will have that conversation and I'm like, oh my goodness like everybody loves americans and then like actually we don't and then americans will be like look around you Yes you fucking like it will be like literally like look around like there's like Beyonce is right here like she's right here like what are you talking about? McDonald's is right here for every 21 is right here. Like when you like American movies are coming out next month like what do you mean? Like they're everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: So it's kind of like a love hate relationship?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I had remembered this one class and it was like the U. S. U. K. Special relationship and it was mostly about politics. But yeah I would definitely say it's kind of like a love hate relationship especially since I think people definitely have ideas like americans like arrogant and obnoxious and self absorbed but then they'll hear you talking in public and the like are you american? Oh my god, I had no idea what you from Maryland, wow, fascinating. So tell me what's it like and it's just like So the 80s you know?
SPEAKER_R: Well, you strike me as somebody though that probably makes friends pretty easily, you're very easy to talk to. So I imagine that going to London that they probably didn't really feel the same way about you.
SPEAKER_L: Probably not. But I also didn't um I don't like to talk to strange, I mean it's not that I don't like talk strangers, it really depends on who the strangers are. Like if I'm getting bad vibes like I won't talk to people. So like most for the most part of the people that I would talk to it would be like either people trying to hit on me in the street or like people that went to um school or the church was, it was like after like a couple of weeks, like it was fine but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not like it depends like sometimes like I'll go out like a bar restaurant, I'm going to make friends with random people and like other times I want to win one of two of my friends from the business while I was living there And we went to Barcelona with another friend and we were in this club and our friend is from Ghana and we were in this club and she saw this girl that like, she went to elementary school with and she was like 10 of her friends. So like, we all like just like emerged groups and hung out and like, that was like, oh, I don't know these people, but like, this is fine. But at the time was like, no, especially
SPEAKER_R: Other
SPEAKER_L: like when I first moved to London, like when I studied abroad it was fine because like I had my roommate and I had like the people that I went to school with, so I like new people. And then we kind of all just like made our own little weird clicks and stuck with those. But when I moved by myself, like a couple of years later, it was like my first few months I knew no one. Like I didn't know where to meet people. I was by myself. It was depressing. Like at like now looking back on it, it was a good experience because I got a lot better towards the end. But when I first moved there, I was like an Airbnb, couldn't find like a permanent place to live, didn't have any friends. Was eating all of my meals, like out of the microwave or like take out. I was like all my sister crying in the middle of the night, like don't tell mommy and daddy, I hate it here, I'm so miserable. And she was like, oh my God. And I was like, I don't know anyone, I don't like selling, I don't want to be here and I want to come home, But after like four or 5 months um it got better and it wasn't as bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Did you are you still in contact with people you met in in London?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I went to a Masters and so like I was in this program but all these other people that were going to school there and so like they're americans, but I met him there and then I was dating this guy like towards the end. And so like we talked every once in a while and then like he introduced me like his friends and that's really honestly like what made it for me? It was because he had a huge group of friends and they were all super nice that I just kind of like slit in but it's weird now because this was like three years ago. Um and they're his friends, they're not mine. And like, they're like, so like, then they all grew up together, so they're like really more like family than anything. And so like, I like message them
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: or like, comment on their pictures and like, I feel like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: this is weird,
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: like why is my friend's ex girlfriend still hanging around? But it's like no, but we're kind of friends to like a little bit well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get that.
SPEAKER_L: like he is dating anybody. So it's like, like, I feel like once he is going to be were like, why are you still here? But whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you know.
SPEAKER_L: And then I went to I was like working at this church is also talked to some of those people too. Certainly if I go back, there's definitely like people that I would need to see and meet up with. But there's not like I don't have like a best friend there. But I also have gone back like every year, like since I left except for this year. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Yeah, because the whole pandemic thing and
SPEAKER_L: But I was
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: where mm
SPEAKER_R: what's your PhD?
SPEAKER_L: It's in history. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: about history? Do you like?
SPEAKER_L: Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing? Just just so you have the PhD?
SPEAKER_L: I mean to be honest like it was it's I just don't think it's that hard. Like I think a lot of people are like, oh my goodness that you're getting a PhD in history, you must love it. And for me it's more so like I actually have no other skills so I'm just stuck here. Um Like it's kind of like, I feel like it's like school was just like a cycle of things to do and then it was like okay, you can either keep going to school and have them pay you to do it. Or you can like go find a job. Like I don't have, what am I going to do? So I was like, I mean why does we'll just finish it? And at this point I'm like in my fourth year and it's typically a five year program, I'm probably gonna be done in six, but it's kind of like I'm almost halfway there. Why quit now when it's not that difficult? I mean it's as difficult as school is like it's like a natural progression. Like I remember when I went away to college and I was like scared, I was like oh my God, like it's going to be so much harder but it's just like going from like first grade, second grade, like you figure it out and it's not that bad. I mean I think history is interesting, interesting. Sure. But there are people who are like obsessed with history for fun and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: that's a lot of work though, from what I understand the history, like there's there's a lot of stuff that you have to do for that degree.
SPEAKER_L: there is. But there's also like, I feel like your program is only as good as the people evaluating you and a lot of people are lazy because the thing is like at the at this level like everybody who's evaluating you has their own shit going on, right? So like all of my professors like writing their own books or like researching their own stuff, they're all teaching their own classes, which means
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: that they have to come up with all of these assignments that they come up with weekly lectures. Like everybody is very much like busy with their own thing, so there's nobody who's like, so like the time that people have to dedicate to you, even if they're your mentor, even if they care about your success is still like very limited. So like for example like I sent my advisor like a 40 page draft or like a paper that I had to write one time and he didn't even read it and I know he didn't read it because one of the first comments that he gave him was like, oh you should like these three books and they were cited like within the first five pages like what are you talking about? And I feel like so many people just kind of like bullshit their way through stuff, just like kind of check it off the list that nobody is really like paying attention to use it. For example, I had this one class um and at the end of the semester the professor was like, hey, like I think you did really good in this class, like you were like were really great in like discussions. Like it was like you did really well, right? When I tell you I did not read any one of those books, like I did not read a single book all semester. Like I literally did not read a single book all semester, which would have been easy for him to figure out if he was actually asking substantive questions, but it would really just be like, so what do you all think about this broad concept? Right? And so like it's so easy to just have a conversation about nothing, but nobody has really read the book, so there's nobody really talking about the main arguments. So it'll be like a book about the civil war and it will be like, so how do you think this has had like a lasting impact on America or whatever? Like, and if you know enough about it, you can just pull something
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: out of your ass. So and the teachers, professors don't read the books either. So if it's like if somebody who hasn't really read the book is evaluating whether or not you've read the book, like it's not that difficult to bullshit your way through it. And then also on top of that, like I'm working on a project, but nobody knows as much about it as I do. So my project is about loving relationships and black magazines, like ebony essence get all of that. But it's like none of, I am like the authority on the topic. Like if I'm in the room because I'm the only person who's literally read
SPEAKER_R: poop.
SPEAKER_L: every page of every issue from like 1980 to 1989 like nobody else has gone through it. So if I say something, they can't be like, oh that's not true. Like I mean somebody else who's done it has like my advice is like they've done like History of like North Carolina public schools or like the African American family in Detroit in like 1850 or whatever. Like it's kind of like nobody really knows if you're right or not because they haven't really read the sources. So as long as it sounds good, you can make it work. So ideally it is a lot of work. Um But because I've been in school for a pretty long time, like I just kind of make, did you order piece
SPEAKER_R: Oh I got
SPEAKER_L: of art?
SPEAKER_R: you, I got you.
SPEAKER_L: Like it's not that if you want to do well, it's that hard. It's difficult because you really do have to like read and research. I don't care that much.
SPEAKER_R: I understand.
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: It sounds
SPEAKER_L: want to.
SPEAKER_R: it sounds like you understand the environment. I I actually struggled with that in colleges. I would get absorbed with the work and I want to understand the environment around me and so there'd be other people who wouldn't do as much work but they knew the environment better and so they would do better. But it sounds like you you understand like
SPEAKER_L: And that's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like, it's like if you know how to like make it through the like you can and you'll be fine, but like you don't know anything. But because so few people actually know what they're talking about then like it never really comes up until you beat somebody that does know what you're talking about. And then they're like oh you're a fucking idiot mm. Yeah okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well you got me.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. But like I when I started I really wanted to be a professor because I really like to teach. I don't want to do that anymore though. Not because I don't like to teach anymore but just because like being a professor and being in academia is so all encompassing. Like I remember my professional, it's like when you go home, do you stop working? You said Oh no absolutely not. Like you'll get up, you'll be researching and writing. You can you can spend your whole day researching and writing for your own projects. But then you have meetings, you have so many emails. Like I got like 50 emails a day on a bad day, like it's like you get and so many people are asking you to do so many things. So like if your actual professor not only do you have your students that you have to worry about, but you also have your own work that you have to do and you have to do your own work if you want to like keep your job and get tenure to be writing your own book, research in your own book. And then you also have like all of these weird professional ships you have to do. So you have to present at conferences every time you present a conference, you have to write like another paper. Um You have to do all of this weird like networking stuff. And then even within your department you have something you have to do. So like you might have to sit on the committee because they want to hire somebody like that takes time. You have the mentor graduate students that takes time. And it's just like you're literally working so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: much all day and like, because history takes time to write, your, spending so much time just like trying to get all of this work done. And it used to be the case where it's like, okay, you graduate from school and like having a degree is enough, but now having a degree is not enough to get a good job, but you have to have a degree and then you have to have like published articles, publishing articles takes like months to do, right? So like, you're spending all of your time like working a regular 9 to 5 as a professor and then going home and working on extra work outside of that. And I just wasn't raised in that kind of an environment like I was raised in inviting more like at five o'clock like everybody comes home and like we spend time together as a family. Like my parents never worked from home. I don't really intend to, I don't really want to, it's not exciting to
SPEAKER_R: Take
SPEAKER_L: me. So I would rather not live life like the and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It seems like it doesn't seem like a very enriched life, you know?
SPEAKER_L: and the thing is like, if you really love what you're doing sure, But and I don't mind like teaching and I could probably do it like if the right set of circumstances line, but it's also just like there's so many other things that I could be doing with my time. Why bother? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I understand that. What
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: style when I don't have to be?
SPEAKER_R: I understand? What about so what to you would be like the most important thing like like that you want out of life? I know that's a weird question but I
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: feel like
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to me like the most important thing would just be like having healthy and productive relationships. So like whether I end up marrying someone or like having kids which, or like even like with my friend, like whatever I mean for me, like, it's all about like the relationship that I have, like what the people around me like it really, that's really all that matters. I mean, of course, like I want to have like enough money to live and pay my bills and have health insurance and things like that. Like I want to have enough to be able to take care of myself, but I feel like really like your day to day life is so much more dependent on like the people that you have around you in the relationships that you have because that's what makes you happy. Like for me, like all of me and all of my friends have been like super close, especially for the past like four years since we've graduated college. Like we're going trips together. Like me and my best friend talk all the time when we talk every day twice a day, like me and my sister are super close. Um If I do end up in a relationship then I guess like that person will be like a thing. Um But like to me like having people around you to like share experiences with is what's most important. I've never really been somebody that's like, I need to have a fulfilling, clear and leave a mark on the world. Like if I die and everybody in the world forgets about me, like I'll be dead, it won't matter like I've met people where it's like, I want to leave a mark on this world, I don't want people to know that I was here.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Like if people forget that's okay like,
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, I used to be that way I used to want to leave a mark in this world and you know, the more I experienced life, the more I realize it's not as important
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: when you just kind of like, I feel like that's something that you don't really have to try to do though. Like I mean for me like I was asking somebody like people try to convince me all the time like having Children or something that I want to do, which I have like a lot of thoughts about that. But like I remember I was talking to this one guy and he was like I definitely wanna have kids. I was like why he was like to live like see I
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: was like I
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: don't understand what you mean about that. He was like I mean like who was going to carry on my name, like if I don't have kids and I was like but like how many kids do you want to have? Like me too, I was like okay so you're putting your whole like existence on the backs of these two people, Like Everything that you do for like the 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 years that you're on this world is completely irrelevant if two people can't carry on your memory. Like, you have co workers, you have friends if you have a job, like, there's people that you could have impacted that we like, and you're putting that all in like, two people that you have to take care of day in, day out for at least 18 years. That's insane to me. And especially like me, like, I've like tutor um at you and see like, I've been a th like, their students that I taught. So it's kind of just like, if literally nobody else in this world remembers anything about me but my Children, then it's kind of like, what was I fucking doing? Like, you don't have meaningful people in your life. Like, you have to put that on these kids who also might not even like you like what happens if you end up being a terrible
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: fucking dad four
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah. And then you're bringing a bad legacy cause
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you're an awful
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: dad.
SPEAKER_L: Or or did they die? Like when I was in high school there was um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: kid who like I've seen your year, junior year, he got cancer.
SPEAKER_R: You bet
SPEAKER_L: Like I've seen a year he like passed away right? And
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of in like everybody was just like so invested in
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: like. Like you're going to get better like we can't wait for you to come to graduation. Whatever. Whatever. We were all like devastated me best way. But like his mom was like always in the school, everybody knew his mom like she wants Carson graduation. It's just like bro like she never imagined
SPEAKER_R: that would
SPEAKER_L: that like
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: her son would be gone. Like there was nothing to do to stop that. There was nothing that she could do to like, make him better. She was driving him like, all up and down the East Coast for experimental treatments. Like she gave him like, everything that she had just kind of like, and he passed away and it's just like, you literally never know if that is going to happen to you. Like, you literally do not know. I think you have such unrealistic expectations when it comes to like having Children and what it is that they're
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: going to carry on. Or even just like, men who were like, I want my name to last into perpetuity. Like, what does it fucking matter? You
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: had three girls now, what? You had three heterosexual girls, Like, married men now, what are you going to do? I don't know. Yes, that's it. That's the end of like Exactly, that's the end of it. Like, if I feel like there's just so many other things that you can do other than like procreating if it's that important to you. But to me, like, it's really just not that important to like, I mean, like, I would like to be a good person. Sure. I would like people to like, have good experiences, like when they meet and you're like, have fond memories of me, but if once I leave, that's it, and that's it. Like, I would not know
SPEAKER_R: Sounds like you got to figure it out. That seems that that's very reasonable. Um I think the whole, that whole thing comes from like very egocentric and a lot of aspects of sort of like very survival oriented, but it's, it's not really living life and it's not, it's like, like he said, it's not real, it's not a real expectation or a realistic expectation. Um
SPEAKER_L: it's not. But I also just kind of think that were raised to have, like, an inflated sense of self importance or like, people think they're so unique. Like, so for example, like, I remember being one of my friends were like, talking about like, I think dating, I was just kind of like, I mean when you think about it though, like Yeah, like I understand that people fall in love,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: like there's no one person is that unique. Like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: if you like somebody like you like them for like a
SPEAKER_R: units,
SPEAKER_L: certain set of characteristics and people like to think that like they have soul mates, like they're destined to be with somebody. But it's just like think about all of the things that you just like love about your partner. Like all of the things like make you fall in love with somebody. Like I guarantee you there's other people in this world who have like, those same things, like no one person is that unique. And I remember I said that was just like, what do you mean? Like, I think that people are saw you and I was like, they're not they're not they're really not like why are they unique? Because they have certain hobbies? Okay, they share those because they have certain interests, okay, they share those like, yes people that grow and develop and think differently, but like there's really just not that much variation amongst people. Like there's just really not, a lot of it is socialization, A lot of it has learned. A lot of it was like, so that just gets passed down. But even so I think people love to believe that like they're so special and like when they think that they're not, I think people internalize that is like a negative thing. Like I'm not a unique person, I'm not a special person. Therefore like I'm not important, but that's not really
SPEAKER_R: huh,
SPEAKER_L: true. Like you can Located be a cone of 10 other people and it's not, it doesn't have to be a bad thing. You know, I have to be like some exceptional being in order to be important in order
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: for like dramatic, but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: then also like just enjoy the time that you're here. It's not that he you don't have to be the president. Like you can make
SPEAKER_R: cheers,
SPEAKER_L: shoes for livings
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: do you think it comes from a sense of fear? Like people are afraid to live life so they have to hide behind these goals in order to justify living.
SPEAKER_L: I think that it's just kind of like you just get so wrapped up in thinking that that's what life is about. You know like I don't even necessarily know that it's like a fear. I just think that like we're just kind of thought like that's what you're supposed to do. Which like as a historian it's like not really true. Like we're kind of like okay you got uh you go to school, you go to college, you get a degree, you get a job, you worked there for like 30 40 50 years and then like you die like you have kids, you retired. Like there's really like no other alternatives. Like if you don't think that like that model especially it at least in american society. Like if you're not satisfied with that model, you really don't have any other alternatives. Like what do you say to somebody who was like, oh I don't want to go to school and graduate might have a career or like even if you just don't want to work for a living. I mean like me personally like I don't, I think working, working sucks. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Which is why it's so interesting to me.
SPEAKER_R: To do
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: I'll joke not really but like joke about like wanting to marry rich to be a housewife and so
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: many people will be like no you don't like you would hate that and I'd be like why do you think I would hate that? Why do you think, why why do you think that I'm working it? So like I think I saw this the other day, I was like what is your dream job? But somebody's like I don't have a dream job because I don't dream of labor, like
SPEAKER_R: Smart.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not drink overworking and it's just like I do not dream of working, this is not lit even just like I think about it, I'm just like I understand like why women want independence for like I understand why you would just want somebody to like take care of all of the logistics and you just kind of do whatever it is that you want to around the house all day right now. It's just like people don't really, our society doesn't make a room for people to imagine something else and what
SPEAKER_R: And it's it's a trick of a trick of the hand, right? It's like what do you want to do, what job do you need to do it? Right. And so you start equating your dreams of types of jobs then you're stuck in a really nasty cycle.
SPEAKER_L: and you're like I work as a pharmacy tech. And like one of the pharmacist, I was talking
SPEAKER_R: Damn
SPEAKER_L: one of
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: the pharmacist about probably making promises. He was like well somebody told me like you need a job that makes you decent enough money to be able to do the things that you want to do. Like outside of school it was like being a pharmacist like I make a decent enough amount of money. I don't hate working here like it's fine like I don't love it obviously but like it's fine and like it gives me the money to do what I want to do and like that it's just like you if you're not working to live like how would you like unless you're independently wealthy like it's kind of like the reality of it. Like I have to I think also just people are raised think that stuff like that is important. Which I mean I understand but like my parents, I mean even though they have jobs and like my dad makes pretty good money like my mom has always had a job. They were never like career. People like their lives are not centered around their careers. So for me, like my life is not centered around having a certain career. And because I'm getting a PhD people assume that it is and they're just like so shocked and I'm like, I literally could not give a fuck about those to regulate.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It sounds like you just recognize that the PhD is going to help you in life and then you'll use that to do things you want to do, but
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: it's not
SPEAKER_L: wants
SPEAKER_R: like, oh,
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: I need a certain job with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll figure it out. Like I don't really like, it's one of those things and I think it's really, I wouldn't necessarily say that it comes from a place of privilege, but I've just been lucky enough to kind of like figure it out. Like, so for example, like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I lost, I didn't lose my job on covid hit, but I was working in the tutoring center. We weren't doing like in person
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: tutoring anymore and like half of the positions that they had that weren't directly with tutoring, like we're lost because it was like building like Washington independent study room which is like the buildings closure will do that anymore. So I was cut in half, so I
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: was like, oh shit, like I probably should find a job. Mhm. And so what one of my friends who's a pharmacist, like like we're hiring, so I got a job as a pharmacy tech right? And it's just one of those things where it's like in a couple more months I can go I can get certified to be a certified pharmacy tech. And then as a certified pharmacy tech, you've been working like any pharmacy anywhere across the country. It's not like being a pharmacist or like you have to like switch your life over depending on the state. So it's one of those things which just like if I needed something to fall back when I could just do that. I mean not necessarily want to be like if I had to, I could
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. It sounds just talking to you for this this time. It sounds like you're going to be one of those people who travels and so like your job is going to have to be something like it's like, okay, I want to do this now. Well this job help me swing this or am I going to have to do something else to do this thing,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I actually
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: think I really just and I'm I don't know, I'm I'm undecided just because like I kind of think that like giving back to your community, like playing an active role in your community is like significantly important and like if you don't live in a community that you can't really do that. Um So I want to go back home, but at the same time I could kind of just want to like do whatever I want and go wherever I want and like just kind of dependent out which is like a different kind of life, but we'll see
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, you know, it's always, maybe like when you're older you go back and put roots in the community and then use your like youth to go and travel and do all the things that you wanna do, you know?
SPEAKER_L: especially with, but now like what my friends are kind of like in the same boat, oh my God, like me and all of my friends have all been like single for the most part for like four
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: six
SPEAKER_L: at this point. And I'm like dreading the day that they all decided they want to like
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: get married in half families and what are you fucking kidding? Like
SPEAKER_R: just what you need to make more friends
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: that way, you can just swap them out.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm like racing against the clock, I'm like oh my pod like one of y'all have dumb bitches gonna get fucking pregnant like for real like one of you always gonna fuck this up for me, like we have a trip planned, you can't have a baby this year but and I feel like all of us have that conversation where it's like we're gonna win this money, we don't have like we have responsibilities but we're not like tied down by anything. Like we're pretty flexible like more flexible than what would be if we did have certain responsibilities. I'm just like we really just need to kind of run around the world do dumb shit before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean you only live once, I mean as long if you have the opportunities to do it, you got to do it, you know
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you want to do?
SPEAKER_R: at the moment make money. Honestly I'm so I growing up I kind of fell into those traps of like you know what job do I want, what's my dream career and stuff and uh like didn't necessarily work out that way which I think I was kind of lucky because I kind of realized those things are actually very empty pursuits. Um But also my understanding of how I view money has changed
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and I kind of just want to be comfortable, you know, and, and then I would love to travel. I just, I just never grew up with like, like it's something I know like right now if I really wanted to, I could switch gears and do it just, I think honestly it kind of freaks me out because it's just like a whole field of experience I've never actually access, so it's like
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: a, it's like a dark room, you know what I mean? And I don't know what's what's in that room, but
SPEAKER_L: And the and the thing is like, I feel like that's why I like for me like I'm glad that like studying or brokers the way that did it. Only because like it's the only, it's one of the only times were like you'll be in a different country and like somebody would be like holding your hand through the whole experience and then like once you kind of like dipping, it's one of those things where like once you kind of do what you kind of figure it out because for me like I'm like never had like a ton of money. Like me and my friends were like literally like travel like in the cheapest ways possible. Like last summer me and one of my friends, I went to Niece in London. And so like flights from I think probably like 1215 $100 for me and people coming from our legs. So it was like around the same price even more. So what we did was like we both flew to new york but you know it was like $97 and then flew to London which was like 300 then went to France which is like 40. So it was like they have like $700
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: by doing it that way. But it was just one of those things but it was like, we really had like this strategic implanted out like okay like we're gonna go to new york that will like be like a short like $100 trip and then like we'll just get an Airbnb stay there for like 20 hours a night, it's fine and then we'll fly out and then it would be cool like it was just like a whole, it's stressful kind of because like you really do have to think about like okay where can we save money or like how much is this gonna, cause how are we going to get from the airport to like the city? How are we going to get from one airport to the next airport? Like where the trains, I think there's just like a lot of moving parts um And it's easier to navigate those like once you've done it once. But I also just don't really, it's easier when somebody like does it for you and told you where to go. You know like they told us what airport to fly into. They told us like where to go to like check in to get our house keys and stuff. Like it was all kind of like laid out for you and I feel like once you're in a different country, like navigating it is easier because there is somebody who's giving you advice, I wonder if this is something that people talk about on Youtube.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, probably if there's probably a lot of resources I could pull if I was actually serious about doing it, but it's just,
SPEAKER_L: The thing
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: I hope I get to, but
SPEAKER_L: I feel like we're traveling though, like there's resources like you just, you need to find the right resources for use of for example, like I'm when I was studying abroad, like there were all of these white women doing this whole like eat pray love thing and they're like, I'm again, it's like a trouble solo and I love it and then I hear a black woman talk about and I'm like, hey, so by the way, like in Italy it's actually not uncommon for black women to be prostitutes. So like I would get harassed in the street because people thought I was a hooker
SPEAKER_R: jeez
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: wait, you
SPEAKER_L: that's just
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: like, no, like them, like they were like most about it and I was like, and see this is what happens when like, you listen to people like have like a different experience or even just like, it would be like the same as like being a woman traveling alone and like only listening to men talk about their experience book. Oh yeah, like I thought super safe, this is not a big deal. It's like a couple, like you're 64 like traveling to europe alone. Like of course,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: You're 6.1.
SPEAKER_L: like, of course you didn't feel like you were gonna get snatched up or like when I used to like live in London, like I feel like it was just like a unique experience. Like as far as like my life was just because um, I mean here like if I'm going somewhere like I get in the car, I drive there and like I go home like it's not, I'm not like around the general public as much, but when I was there, like I have to catch the train everywhere. There were times of people like followed me home. There were times when people would like get off of their train to get onto my train to talk to me. There were times when people were like get off of the train platforms, like follow me wherever I was going. Like there wouldn't be like literally like I was followed so many times and it wasn't ever like, which is creepy but it wasn't ever like, oh my God, like I feel like I'm in danger. But it was also because I was somewhere like I spoke the language I know what people are saying to me but like if I was in like Spain and that kind of thing happened to me and I didn't know what somebody would think to me, I would be so anxious. Like me and one of my friends went to paris, we went to paris because she fucked up our immigration documentation and so we started the semester and our program coordinator was like you don't have the right visa stamp, like you have to leave and come back into the country so that you can get the right stamp or else you're gonna get deported right. So she was like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: freaking
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: out and she's like oh my god like I need to go, I'm gonna get deported, you have to come with me. And so I don't think she's like nobody else will go. So it started off like a trip of six people that were like going to go to paris for the weekend and then it ended up just being me and her which was fine. So we're in paris and one of our our program coordinator had a daughter who had studied abroad in paris and so her daughter was like, oh my goodness, like if you go to paris you should go to this market. So I just went to paris to help perfect for immigration documentation. It's not that I didn't it's not I didn't want to go to paris for like I was never like I want to go to paris that's on my bucket list. Her thing was like I'm going to go to as many countries as I can, like while I'm here for this for months. So she was like, I really want to go to paris and I want to do these things. So I was just really along for the ride. So we end up in this massive like flea market which is just like any other I guess like flea market like it's it's just like a market but we're walking around and all of these men are like talking to us and like staring at us and like they're speaking in french and we do not fucking speak french like I mean I can understand a little bit of spanish but I do not know any french. So it's like all of these men are like looking at us and like talking to us in french and were just like running through the market like we could get snatched up, we can get abducted like I don't know
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: what the fuck is happening and I feel like that's just not the same experience. So like somebody who was like if you have a lot of money, you probably would not end up in those places. Uh if you have a lot of money, you're going to be like touristy places. You're not going to be in like some random market in some random neighborhood. If you're a man, you're probably not going to have random people. Like looking at you were like trying to talk to your approach on the other street. Or like if you look intimidating people are going to try to sneak up on you and take your stuff. So it's just like
SPEAKER_R: Quick.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's just so many moving parts. And if you and I think to people, I don't like to give recommendations like specific recommendations when people travel. Like I don't like to be like you need to go to this restaurant because it's like I mean I liked it but there's no telling that there's no way for me to know if you would. But I feel like a lot of people like, oh if you go there you need to go to this spot on this bench and this square at this time and it's going to be the most amazing thing you've ever done. It's like no.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's different. You need to like you need to know yourself and and what what what's going to work for you and that requires, like you said, you can't just rely on just someone's experience, especially if they're, you know, just if they're, if they're a different person, it's just it's not gonna be the same thing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I think just think about what is most important to you when you travel and then like how what if people who have been that same particular thought like it for you? Like wow, I literally like have never been out of the country. Like what somebody was like the first time traveler would say it's completely different than somebody was like, oh I grew up in baton and then I moved to America when I was 10 and like I've been going back and forth, I have dual citizenship because there's so many people who live who have lived all over the world and for them it's just like, oh yeah, we vacation in Switzerland all the time. Like totally looking around of things like what are you talking about? This is not normal, you know that right? We'll go everybody. I know vacations and ask. Then
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: everybody was like going to Morocco low for the summer. It's not scary at all. Like do you not think you could die? I mean like people always seem to like I think is the worst case scenario, but I feel like I don't think that I think is the worst question and I feel like I always have a plan, insurance. I'm not going to be your like somewhere with no passport in a while and no money in the phone and be like, oh I never considered this like I'm like okay All of my shit got stolen. The embassy is like 10 blocks that way. Like I need to have planned for like the worst case scenario at all times. So people know God like that's not gonna happen or even people just lie to you. Like I remember when I went, I had never been out of the country before. My parents have really been out of the country before. And so my dad, he went to the government and so like he um a lot of his co workers had and people would be like tell your daughter she's going to get pickpocketed so she should be really careful. That literally never happened to me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it sounds like you played it smart too that you always know what you wanted to do and how to go, how, how to do it or at least you had an idea. But I I feel like is better than most people. I think a lot of people go in half, like I like 1/2 cocked, you know? So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are normal, but I think that you definitely should and you can always start with like places the team familiar enough that you can navigate for me, like I just don't like being places like I do not know my way around and not necessarily know what, I don't feel like I could figure it out, you know? Like for me like I was in Lisbon um visiting my friend and so we spent one night I was there for two nights, shoes there for one, so the first night we were together and then we were together during the day and then I was there for like a full day by myself and it was like the worst thing, I was like so paranoid the entire time I barely wanted to leave the hospital that I was staying in because I didn't want to like get snatched up in the street, I was like looking over my shoulder and I was also like kind of said like I don't like, wow, my sister would love it here, but I'm here alone. Great. So what it definitely there's like a range of different experiences that you can have, but I think they just go somewhere that you've always wanted to go definitely like have a list
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: of things
SPEAKER_R: normal.
SPEAKER_L: that you want to do, not now. Itinerary will be like,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: oh, hey, I want to go to this place to go see these things and do this, my good friend,
SPEAKER_R: I'll have to I'll have to come up with a list but I don't know, I it would definitely be cool. It would be it would be cool to do but one step at a time I guess.
SPEAKER_L: I think for me it was just like getting off of the plane, like, you know, getting off the plane was fucking nightmare cause I get all my luggage. But like, when I finally got to like, the number that I was staying in, I just remember like standing in the street and like looking around literally like people do in the movies and being like, wow, like I'm on the other side of the fucking world. Like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: this is so fucking weird. And it's weird because like, I don't know why like, like I had never been on a plane before. And so like I went away to college because I went to school to Iowa's like, they would fly people from like larger cities are like, who were not like from the area, they're permitted students weekend. And so I remember like my first time like being on a plane going there, it was like, I mean I want Baltimore, like half a country away from each other. And I remember standing there like in the middle of this field, middle campus and being like, wow, I just thought it was gonna feel so different. I don't know why. It was like, it doesn't feel like I'm like thousands of miles with his mom. Like it feels like, yeah, I'm down the street almost. I don't know how to explain it. It was just like, it just always strikes me so crazy. Like you can wake up in one country and go to sleep in another. Like within
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty
SPEAKER_L: my Within 24 hours you can be in like a completely different world. Like completely. And I think for me it's always like, Wow, 10 hours ago, I was on a different content. Hm
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. That uh that is a that is an experience. I think everyone should should have. I haven't had it personally, I'd like to look at some point. Um I do have to cut the conversation short. I got to go and feed my cats.
SPEAKER_L: It's fine. We've been on the wall but given the lack of the
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: required
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: 25 minutes anything, it was like talking, I never even asked your name.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Rocky
SPEAKER_L: I'm Alex
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you Alex. That was you make you make conversation very easy. I appreciate that because
SPEAKER_L: I was so worried. It's like I'm going to see something quick, but I'm just saying Why did he realize they've been with an hour and 15?
SPEAKER_R: I know that was a good conversation though.
SPEAKER_L: Great. It was
SPEAKER_R: I have to um I have to there's some things you said about when we're talking about uh like leaving legacies and stuff that I have to remember. I think you made some good points there.
SPEAKER_L: Just remember like it really just doesn't fucking matter, like
SPEAKER_R: really does. So
SPEAKER_L: live a life that you enjoy do things that make you happy and then when you're gone like it'll all be worth it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean um I think that's the only way you can go about it honestly, but it was nice to meet you Alex and
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: you uh I hope that you get to go and go to all the places you want to go to and your friends don't sucking.
SPEAKER_L: I hope you get to travel and that you have a great experience and that you love it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that'd be that'd be nice. That would be definitely something I wouldn't have expected, which would be pretty cool. All right, well
SPEAKER_L: wow. I am
SPEAKER_R: now you have a good morning.
SPEAKER_L: Youtube
SPEAKER_R: All right. Have fun and Durham, I guess
SPEAKER_L: more fun. And greens were
SPEAKER_R: I will. Hey, how so what are we supposed to do at this point? We just press exit and it automatically uploads or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah thank you exit and then you have to go back to the survey. So like the one that had like the nine different steps that I told you to click here to start your conversation. Hold on let me go to the next agency. Oh yeah. So if if you go to the next page like ask you questions. So I guess we just exit out.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well, hey, it was a good conversation.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Bye.