So how are
you doing today?
I'm doing good. Did you? Um so this is maybe a weird question, Did you are you doing this from prolific, prolific.
Yeah. Yeah. So I'm not the best uh conversationalist. I'll do my very best though. Yeah,
I'm in north Carolina.
Oh, I'm in um uh Greensboro.
What's up?
Not currently, I used to get up about 55 30. I used to work with horses, so I'd have to get up early to feed them, but these days I I get up a little bit later.
Well, so the for the most part, the horses that we had in our barn were for jump in and they would go to shows and basically, um they get rated on how well they jumped and they'd have like giant courses and they'd have to make it through the whole course about knocking one of the jumps down and um and basically what my job was was I just made sure that they were okay, I would um feed them and make sure they have water and then I take them out of the barn and take them in the barn and clean their stalls and that was pretty much what I did.
Yeah, but they do, I mean you can you can get one like kind of cheap, I mean there's people who Pass off something for like 100, but I mean
literally just 100 but I mean it's it's going to be like probably horses that haven't been trained, so you you could get on those horses and easily get killed because they'll buck you off and they'll try to kick you and bite you and and
so they sell them super cheap. Um But for a horse that is trained um then I'll be like a couple grand and then for like really good jumpers and stuff that goes into like I mean it was typical to have a horse in the barn that was like 50 75 grand, and then but the horses can go up to like like half a million and stuff,
which
is right. Yeah, it's
crazy.
So my my dad owns uh owns a barn, so I worked with him for a little bit,
but
let's
say
I I wrote a little bit, it wasn't it wasn't it's not really my thing to be honest. Um
They
kind of it's it really depends what you're doing, I mean for like jumping and stuff, people will train to be jumpers for like 10 or 15 years before they really can. Like I really do like the big stuff because you're like your conditioning your body, you know? So because that because it's just it takes because the horses are so strong. Um I remember I was trying, I was riding one horse and to get her to turn, I actually tore my uh rotary, rotary cuff or whatever that that muscle is here. I still feel it sometimes when it's really cold, like it's really sore. And so yeah, it's it's more about conditioning your body to be able to control these gigantic animals, and that does take a little bit of time. But
it's so the thing is, it should be super super, like, I don't really think you would have much to worry about even with the jumping, the jumping is pretty much safe until you're probably about a year in, depending on how fast your trainer um pushes you, you know? But that's that's a big thing, is because trainers are afraid that if you get hurt right, because that could be a liability, right? And also it's not good for the barn. They don't want people getting hurt at the barn because then you'd be like, hey that barn kind of sucks, I got hurt there.
But yeah, you should be ok. Yeah, it's it's it's it's a good time in um It really depends what you want to do to um what would you like to do?
No.
They're big. Yeah. There.
Yeah. Yeah, it's true. I know
I
I know some horror stories about people
know I I know somebody who actually the horse they hopped on was a very good horse and never I think they had the horse for about 15 years, never had any problems. Um And it never like was it never spooked, Which like so like if it saw something like bolt and just run away because that could be dangerous if a horse bolts when you're like in front of it because it could trample you or whatever, then you're probably gonna not be very happy about it. But um so yeah the horse had never spoke before and she jumped on the back of the horse uh bareback, so I didn't have like a saddle or anything and for some reason the horse spooked and bolted and she slid off the back and her leg kind of gave out underneath her and she shattered it and they actually, yeah they had to bolt her leg with like bolts and stuff and that was like
so horses
kind of stressed
me
out.
Yeah. I don't even know, I was never I was never that into horses to to know for sure. I was so I was so like busy trying to make them not die, you know, like just taking care of them that I was, I wasn't even thinking about.
I mean I would ride, I would write sometimes, but it would be like with the saddle and and everything. So I don't, I don't know you, you have to be a, like a real horse person too just jump on horses bareback, but I don't, I don't even know. I think maybe they slide in from the back or something, maybe
they grabbed the main and then hop over the side. I don't know, but
didn't
work for her.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yes, I have.
Yeah, that's true. That's, that's true. So also, you know, it's kind of like, like a respect thing too because I mean if you take an animal, like if you take like an animal for granted and you just assume that they're going to listen to you because you're a person, you know, and I was like, I don't actually have to do that, I could do whatever I want, and so it is definitely where you have to be careful. I remember once I had just kind of shoot a horse awake, so I was trying to get another horse out and it actually lunged at me and try to its mouth open, I'll put this guy in teeth and try to rip my hand off pretty much, and that was kind of a wake up call, okay, so I can't even shoot this horse and it was, it was a young male and you know, was very aggressive and it was trying to not like I'm not going to let this person do this to me in front of all my horse buddies, you know? So I was like okay, I gotta be careful with he's he's kind of a young book so I gotta, you know, treat them a little bit different. But
yeah, you're you're right. It's I want to I want to mess with tigers. Did you hear them? What was the woman's name in that?
Did you hear that? They think they found like a body on
one of her properties? Yeah.
Yeah.
Good.
Like
Yeah, I'll say this. I think she was probably the most honest of the three because there was uh there was the tiger king joe right
there is that other creepy dude feel like like
converted
women
to his cold.
it's like shady, shady
stuff.
Yeah. It's a it's a big, it's a big world that's for sure. Um I don't even know, I don't I know people like them from the horse world and
that must just yeah there's some there's some there's some shady people out there man and there yeah, I can dude, I don't even know. It's a lot to take in but I kind of feel the same way that uh I don't you would think like maybe five people in the United States was like smuggling tigers but apparently it's this big thing. Right?
Girl.
Yeah. It's definitely not. I know someone that went to their that that the dude who had like the weird sex slaves or whatever. I guess she went to that place to see the tigers when she said that he was great. I don't think she ever saw the documentary. That that's it's not so great.
But um yeah, he's just, yeah, I've never, I've never felt like petting a tiger or something like that. I think your, your video went out come,
I can hear you.
it
maybe it's just a glitch in, I'll fix itself.
I hope so.
so you can, you can definitely by um my, my dad imported a few warm bloods from Germany. Um it's a few things you can, you can do it the through typical channels where it's like auctions and you go and you, you purchase the horse to the auctions, but because my dad's a trainer, he has um connections in Germany, so he'll usually go through his own connections by care. I'm looking for this kind of horse, for a client and then the person, I'm like, okay, we'll keep an eye out and then when they find something like that, they're like, hey we found this horse for this price and my dad would be like, oh that's a good price, I'll take it or like I can't pay that much and um and then they'll work it through, but so for for my dad it's through just contacts, like relationships. He's he's made um for for like, like for like a buyer or something like that, that doesn't have the relationships you do it through, like auctions and stuff.
I think so. I think they can even do it by a plane, like a giant cargo plane, but I think it's mostly done by a boat. So they actually in new york, whenever a horse to be imported, we would go up to new york and our trailer. Um and we pick up the horse at the quarantine zone because when the animals come into the United States, they have to make sure they don't have certain diseases and stuff. So they send them into quarantine for a few weeks and then we just pick them up from the the quarantine station.
Would you ever like to go to some place like japan or something or is that kind of just not something?
But
No, I haven't seen that movie.
I know.
Just,
that's awesome. I
have not traveled
at all out of the United States.
That's
Well maybe maybe traveling for you, are you are you intending to ever go back out there and travel or is it you're
more
focused
on?
Good.
I'll have to remember if I ever get a chance to travel that London has to be on that list of places to go.
Oh like the camera thing I could just messing with us. Yeah.
I don't
Oh that's awesome. Yeah.
Okay. Do you have any ideas what you what you would like to buy or just?
That's true. But what if you saved it for travel because you obviously you obviously already you've traveled so it's already like in you, you know what I mean
like?
that's true,
that's true.
Oh
Good.
well you are already traveling quite a bit so I imagine you you have a lot of traveling in your future to which I that's pretty cool
because
um you know there's people in the state that's never left the state.
Isn't that crazy? I've met people who've never left the state of north Carolina. Yeah, I'm from colorado, I've traveled around the United States but I've never traveled outside the United States.
that's awesome.
It's true,
that's
true.
I get the impression that that there's sort of this feel of elitism in in europe, but I've never been to europe, so I don't know for sure but because you've traveled, I got a question for you uh seen how like people are in different countries and then also being here, do you feel like americans are very self absorbed?
so
Well
What? Uh huh.
true.
Talk.
it's
nothing
to
do.
You
definitely.
What?
Thank
you.
What?
talking
about,
it's a quick,
that's
fine
if
you
moment.
No,
I wouldn't either, I
couldn't
do the United States correctly.
Yeah, I think New Zealand, is that near Australia?
Are they really that bad? Like are we are we really that bad, wow.
there you go. Yeah,
that's a pretty, that's a pretty good accent by the way. Yeah.
What?
Well
what?
So it's kind of like a love hate relationship?
Well, you strike me as somebody though that probably makes friends pretty easily, you're very easy to talk to. So I imagine that going to London that they probably didn't really feel the same way about you.
What?
Other
Did you are you still in contact with people you met in in London?
So
I'm
sorry.
Yeah, I get that.
So you know.
cool. Yeah, because the whole pandemic thing and
are
what's your PhD?
about history? Do you like?
Nothing? Just just so you have the PhD?
I
from
that's a lot of work though, from what I understand the history, like there's there's a lot of stuff that you have to do for that degree.
Two.
Please.
poop.
Oh I got
you, I got you.
I understand.
It sounds
it sounds like you understand the environment. I I actually struggled with that in colleges. I would get absorbed with the work and I want to understand the environment around me and so there'd be other people who wouldn't do as much work but they knew the environment better and so they would do better. But it sounds like you you understand like
like
Well you got me.
What?
Take
Yeah. It seems like it doesn't seem like a very enriched life, you know?
I understand that. What
about
I understand? What about so what to you would be like the most important thing like like that you want out of life? I know that's a weird question but I
feel like
What?
So yeah, I used to be that way I used to want to leave a mark in this world and you know, the more I experienced life, the more I realize it's not as important
as
same
time.
So
that's true. Yeah. And then you're bringing a bad legacy cause
you're an awful
dad.
Yeah.
You bet
out.
Whoa.
that would
it,
So
No.
Sounds like you got to figure it out. That seems that that's very reasonable. Um I think the whole, that whole thing comes from like very egocentric and a lot of aspects of sort of like very survival oriented, but it's, it's not really living life and it's not, it's like, like he said, it's not real, it's not a real expectation or a realistic expectation. Um
it
and
units,
huh,
correct.
What?
cheers,
what
do you think it comes from a sense of fear? Like people are afraid to live life so they have to hide behind these goals in order to justify living.
Mhm
To do
this
well.
Smart.
And it's it's a trick of a trick of the hand, right? It's like what do you want to do, what job do you need to do it? Right. And so you start equating your dreams of types of jobs then you're stuck in a really nasty cycle.
Damn
it.
Okay. It sounds like you just recognize that the PhD is going to help you in life and then you'll use that to do things you want to do, but
it's not
like, oh,
I need a certain job with it. Yeah.
What?
It's
Whoa.
Yeah. I don't know. It sounds just talking to you for this this time. It sounds like you're going to be one of those people who travels and so like your job is going to have to be something like it's like, okay, I want to do this now. Well this job help me swing this or am I going to have to do something else to do this thing,
you
know?
Yeah. Well, you know, it's always, maybe like when you're older you go back and put roots in the community and then use your like youth to go and travel and do all the things that you wanna do, you know?
that's
six
What
just what you need to make more friends
that way, you can just swap them out.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean you only live once, I mean as long if you have the opportunities to do it, you got to do it, you know
that's
just
at the moment make money. Honestly I'm so I growing up I kind of fell into those traps of like you know what job do I want, what's my dream career and stuff and uh like didn't necessarily work out that way which I think I was kind of lucky because I kind of realized those things are actually very empty pursuits. Um But also my understanding of how I view money has changed
and I kind of just want to be comfortable, you know, and, and then I would love to travel. I just, I just never grew up with like, like it's something I know like right now if I really wanted to, I could switch gears and do it just, I think honestly it kind of freaks me out because it's just like a whole field of experience I've never actually access, so it's like
a, it's like a dark room, you know what I mean? And I don't know what's what's in that room, but
that's awesome.
Yeah, probably if there's probably a lot of resources I could pull if I was actually serious about doing it, but it's just,
I,
I hope I get to, but
jeez
wait, you
did.
No,
You're 6.1.
that's
it.
See
Quick.
Yeah. It's different. You need to like you need to know yourself and and what what what's going to work for you and that requires, like you said, you can't just rely on just someone's experience, especially if they're, you know, just if they're, if they're a different person, it's just it's not gonna be the same thing.
I
Yeah. Well it sounds like you played it smart too that you always know what you wanted to do and how to go, how, how to do it or at least you had an idea. But I I feel like is better than most people. I think a lot of people go in half, like I like 1/2 cocked, you know? So. Yeah.
it's
normal.
It
I'll have to I'll have to come up with a list but I don't know, I it would definitely be cool. It would be it would be cool to do but one step at a time I guess.
Yeah, it's awesome.
That's pretty
That's pretty cool. That uh that is a that is an experience. I think everyone should should have. I haven't had it personally, I'd like to look at some point. Um I do have to cut the conversation short. I got to go and feed my cats.
You
too?
I'm Rocky
nice to meet you Alex. That was you make you make conversation very easy. I appreciate that because
I know that was a good conversation though.
I have to um I have to there's some things you said about when we're talking about uh like leaving legacies and stuff that I have to remember. I think you made some good points there.
really does. So
yeah, I mean um I think that's the only way you can go about it honestly, but it was nice to meet you Alex and
you uh I hope that you get to go and go to all the places you want to go to and your friends don't sucking.
Yeah, that'd be that'd be nice. That would be definitely something I wouldn't have expected, which would be pretty cool. All right, well
now you have a good morning.
All right. Have fun and Durham, I guess
I will. Hey, how so what are we supposed to do at this point? We just press exit and it automatically uploads or?
All right. Well, hey, it was a good conversation.