the song you appear. See that works. Oh, boy. Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Sure. Mhm. Sure. Maybe two. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, the next great. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. People, maybe you're golden. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. An official mr anything. Yeah. She meant it. That's true. I mean it and in the region. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. You yeah. The period. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I think. Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Stay. Yeah.
Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm.
Can you hear me? I can't hear you 1/2.
I can't
hear you. No, there's no I I this should be fine. Give me one second. Yeah. Mm. Just wait and see if I can fix it. I think it might be me. So I was using I was using Bluetooth on a different device, listen to music because I was waiting for a couple by microphones working obviously. So just give me a second. Mhm
I can
hear
you do. Hi,
good
morning. Sorry
about that.
Yeah, I don't know. I use these Bluetooth headphones on both my laptop and my phone. So I think I was just getting a bit of,
I've never been in one of these studies before and I'm not really
we're
supposed to
do, Well, hopefully you're a good conversationalist because I don't know what we're gonna
do for
25 minutes.
Yeah, off and on. I've been working online since My early 20s. So a long time.
Absolutely.
I'm 30 believe
it
or not.
Mm It's easy and it's light and it's like, especially now with like how things are going.
it's money. You know, this is a big one. This is actually the biggest one I've ever had from prolific.
It's
like
I
told
Yeah, if you want to set the timer or whatever, I figure we'll just stop around 10, ish. They said to give a little wiggle room. Good.
Oh well it says that they, they say it pretty strictly that they don't have, they don't have a wiggle room where 24 minutes will automatically disqualify us.
And
I
know that's not
true.
Okay. I'm sure we can manage, but I would rather than Do like 26 or something, so we're not.
Well that's, that's fine. Um I don't know. What, what would you, what would you uh, tell me about yourself?
I'm in Arizona Tucson.
I was in the bay um last year. I hated it. I hated the best.
Well the fires don't help.
Oh God, it was all gray and overcast here for for yeah, for probably like two weeks. And I mean I'm in like south central South Arizona and it was like it looked like it was gonna rain and we were all stoked but it was just smoke. Um
Well it's, yeah, it was also that in history, the driest and hottest year in Tucson history.
Mm You can ask me questions or I can ask you questions. I'm not really
sure where to go.
no, I mean, I understand the concept. I just, you know, typically when you have a conversation with somebody or talking about something or somebody that, you know, I've been, I I was anxious about this whole thing a little
bit. Yeah,
no, you seem nice. So
um I, I I use prolific and I use quick thoughts. Even a quick thought sucks.
And
uh lots of people have that, you have to message to them, take them like days to get back. But the thing about quick thoughts is is if you actually do it and go through, you can get your $10 a day. It used to be way better because it was all there when I, when I started using it, it was All the studies were $2, All of them, they
were all $2 studies that you only have to do five a day and you get an Amazon gift card. And then I turned around and I sell
the amazon gift cards um
On
on on Reddit. On on a good kid.
I
me
too.
Our
experience.
No.
Yeah. Well it's a good feel. It's a good field because when you're, when you're, when you're an unconfirmed traitor, when you're like a new trader on
gift
card
and
it's like, oh shit. And you're like anxious. You
like
set
you
and
you're like refreshing and you're refreshing
and refreshing.
Come on. What
are you
doing? What are you doing? I'm right here. What are you doing? You bad man?
Always?
Should
I
be fucking, it would be losing it.
I would be losing it.
I
send little messages like things okay. Like
everything,
everything,
everything, everything all right 15
minutes ago.
yeah, no, fuck that. Um No. I also have uh I I've been getting lately, I've been getting people who were trying to scam me, but they try to try to scare me through chat where they don't post in the thread or even go through
the basic steps and they're just like, hey like uh my, and like the last one, it was like two days ago. It was amazing. His name was honest trader.
Like, oh
yeah, that's legit that sometimes legit.
No,
no, no. My wife would that matter to me. No,
I have all
the
information.
Yeah. I like, I have all the information super laid out in the, in the, in the text and in the post name and it's all very straightforward. There shouldn't be any question. You know, like us, I have a $10 amazon code. I'm looking for us. Paypal, friends and family only know each check bob simple. Uh huh. But it's, you know, it's, it's so low effort and I'm, I'm sure people manage that. I'm sure people actually like if you, if you use a VPN or something, I'm sure you can make account and manage to get new traders to give you shit all the day. But that's like an evil oh,
I'm sorry if I hurt a lot. It's just
how
it
okay, I don't want to be offensive to you. It's not
it's not because
I
have
other works.
No, I know, I'm just saying it it's not that I don't have other words to say. It's just part of how especially the people around me and I
talk.
So um do you play video games?
What?
People about Oh yeah, that's everybody is it's it's that's what you call the flavor of the month. Yeah,
it'll it'll pop up and and get like a giant massive insurgents of people and then it'll just disappear and nobody will ever talk about.
All right, that's right. Um I I haven't been playing a whole lot. Um So you've heard of Skyrim? Right? Yeah. Okay. So basically the first game in that series, Dagger Fall has a a fan made port that ports the whole game into Unity, which makes it not crap and makes it like awesome and gives mod support. So I've been playing that, but not.
That's not
going
to
lie.
Okay, first person shooters aren't very fun to watch unless
it's like unless it's somebody like really really good at them,
then
then it's like it's been it's I mean slightly better, I still don't watch, I watch some twitch, but like not very much and mostly like specific sorts of games, they were not a total pain.
well
girls get a lot better um attention and it's actually kind of a bummer because there's a lot
of
good,
good.
Yeah, well, absolutely um there's there's some really amazing male streamers that I do watch the way like I've learned a lot from and are like the best, but they still end up generally paling in comparison to like a girl with like Cleveland showing or something. Yeah.
I
was Oh, totally. It's, it's not a big deal and I don't put people down to do if I had boobs, I would, I would do it. You know, like you don't even have to take your boobs out. It's just
like,
yeah, like a push up bra and like
a low crop shirt
and
he just place and play any game.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Just just just stream Minecraft for like six hours and you have your rent paid awesome. Yeah.
What
kind
of
music you yeah. What kind of music do you like? Yeah.
huh.
Mhm. I was a raper.
It was a river.
I
was like, oh no, I I looked way different than I was a river started in seven and I raved until around 2010 ish, Like when I turned 20, But it was like a big resurgence in the rave culture at the time, in like the in the late 2000s and especially in um phoenix Arizona, Uh the capital of Arizona, which is three hours, three hours north of me. So we had parties here too, but they were always kind of shitty and low key and we we drove up every saturday sometimes twice and that's all we did. It was our lifestyle. It was, it was uh like I didn't have to work, I ended
up dropping out of high school at 17, moving to phoenix and getting an apartment and just helping people throw parties and throwing parties and going to parties full time
until about 20.
it was it was honestly, it was honestly a lot of drugs and it was and and all the people who say that it's about fleur or about community or lying because it was always about drugs for
everyone
and I mean it was great, it was great, it was amazing to be young and be totally like free like that and like liberated, but I think back in hindsight because that was a long time ago for me now um that it was, it was like reckless and scary and it makes me anxious, like, like I put myself back into my memories of like the situations I was in and like the things that happens and I I don't want to ever do that ever again because that was pretty
fucked
up.
But but also also not also not in memories, also scary weird situations that I was too messed up to realize how messed up the situations where I don't know. Uh it's not a culture that I would recommend anybody trying to do, but it was fun and if I if I could go back in time I probably would do it over again, you
know?
Alan
just I'm just afraid of everything. I
used
to
be afraid of nothing and now it's like going outside people touching things surfaces
It's
excuses me out, excuses
me.
Well,
I also I live with with family and and my mom lives, I don't live with my mom, I live with my mom and my brother and my niece and all of our families really kind of smashed together. But I live with my mom and she's older and you know like the high risk, you know, so it's like kind of a consideration to try to not and you know, make everybody sick,
you know, whatever.
I was beat my room. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh, that's that's skeevy. Skeevy. Skeevy. Um so you're in college, What do you uh, what's your major?
Yeah. Oh, cool. What, what do you want to do specifically? Mm
Yes. Okay. That's that's that's that's good because coding is a coating as a whole. We're also of the monkey and you kind of have to be made out of, I'm not a coder myself. It's, it's hard, it's hard and it and it takes a certain kind of person to do it. I do um
mostly content administration. Um most recently I was working for facebook, um
training Algar, training the algorithms that auto detect content. So everything you see is being pushed through these filters and hopefully in the future they'll be able to automatically detect what a story or an image is before it's being, it's been tagged by a person, but now it's still being done manually by people. So I go through all of the news and all of the pictures and I tag them as for what they are. And
we're
training the ai s, most of facebook's content management is done manually stuff.
You get to see crazy news, weird, weird stuff like, like just stuff that's like where there's like there's an option in tagging where it's like, I don't know what this is, you know,
just like a weird no, no less often than you think. I mostly worked with um crime, true crime murders, bad bad, bad sort of stuff. Um So it's you know, it's mostly news reports about murders or crimes committed in a specific area. And you have to tag them as to what they are under all these little flowing boxes. But sometimes you just get like a meme with like random random like characters in the language that I don't know what it is just in the middle. Like like it was, it was a murder and then just like. Uh huh. Think that's a dog. What is? Yes,
I'm
Yeah. Um I only use it for for actually really high content stuff. I don't follow any actual people on facebook. I just follow groups. Like I don't even follow my mom or like my
best
friend.
don't follow and like and I tell people like I like, did you see my both? No, I didn't. I unfollowed you. You added me because I just want to pop open facebook and I use an alternate app that doesn't have abs or anything on it. How about that?
And
I think I can just well I I do a lot of stuff on my phone. Mm So I can just scroll through and I get like all these amazing images and art stuff that I'm interested in. And not about like what you ate at ruby Tuesday's yesterday or like what your cat looks like or your baby doing something. No, no. Uh
fuck that.
That's a that's a hard no, I ain't
paying for nothing. Uh
They're
supposed
to
be
the
first
baby.
They're supposed to pay me, you can tell me what it's called if you like, but I'm not banned. Nothing.
huh.
I'm
come
on.
Well, that's awesome. I actually have gotten on some really good studies from facebook. But I got I got like targeted ads before I was using ad free facebook When I got a nicotine study that paid me like $500 because I smoke
What? And it was long like a long study. They like mailed me this little device and like It was like over six months but they paid me a bunch of money for it.
But I
recommend I recommend generally beer money r slash beer money on
Reddit.
Yeah because that's that's that's mostly gig work, micro work. It's called your money but that it's not working from home specific stuff. It's all legal studies and um there's lots of people who even go through, there's like I think it's one specific user who goes through and um picks up like a
focus group
Yeah picks up all the all the all the non actually localized focus group stuff on craigslist, put them all out into a list if you have the time and the energy. It's and
Okay. Have you watched anything interesting lately? And
college
I recommend maniac
wallet.
It's Jonah Hill who Jonah Hill is right
He's
not.
No I don't. He's an actor um He played um the funny fat guy in superbad.
Uh huh. Well yeah it's a it's a serious role but it's a character, it's an actor who used to be really typecast as being like the funny bad guy but he's not that and he's not being funny but he's a famous actor doesn't matter if you know he is not the same. And then Emma Stone who is an actress,
she's a pretty redhead.
Yeah, yeah, it's a pretty redhead. Um It's Jonah Hill and Emma Stone and it is a really crazy like mind fuck with, it's a limited series so it's like a really long movie that has a definite beginning in a definite and and is very good and um it's hard to describe honestly because
they go into
they go into a scientific study that's that's supposed to be um this like it's it's semi futuristic but not like sci fi, like a drug study that's supposed to like fix mental illness but like the show shifts once they take the pills And then suddenly it's a whole different story with Jonah Hill and Emma Stone in the 80s as a couple and they go and steal a leamer and then it's a different story and they're like 19 thirties like high profile criminals and it's just really, it's really cool.
it's on netflix here. It's called Maniac. I
Yeah. Yeah, I recommend it. I don't and I don't really recommend shows and stuff I just think it's really very well done.
That. And have you have you played Bandersnatch? Okay.
Yeah I've gone through a ton of times. I like lead people through it.
You
got
bending
and
I mean
oh yeah yeah like I can't even like the first time I have to just like sit and just feel it.
I
got out. Yeah no it's that stuff. Right I think
that's one of the best things that's been put out in a really long time and I would like a lot more creative active fiction like that you know like choose your own adventure movies. Why is that why are there more of those
that's freaking
Well
well
the whole
the
whole
point is
that it's
about the illusion of choice does not actually have that. It's two paths and like, you know. No, it's just um I really really enjoyed that and like I could just do it again even though I know where to go, like I know where to go.
you can yeah, you can lead them to the different endings that
like
what?
Oh yeah. And it's best to make them crash and fail first. Yeah, like, like easy first that like, like, like right, when he when he goes to the to the safe and putting in the wrong code. And so bandersnatch gowns and kills you. Like,
hey. Yeah.
Yeah. That's fun.
what
type are we at, What time are we at?
What?
Who? No worries. I wasn't trying to rush
you away
from me or anything like that. I just want to check up And I think the 26 or 27 minutes is perfect. Uh huh.
we started a little early, but yeah, 10:25 is probably the right call If that would be exactly 25 minutes after our appointment.
All
right. Yeah, I actually, I'm in Arizona, so we have
our own time
zone mountain time
and we don't we don't have a daylight savings.
Good because it's archaic
and
I think
that everybody
be important.
That
helps.
How about, we don't use lamp oil anymore. There's not a point in having daylight savings
times
are
sensible, but but daylight savings is just losing an hour are chaotically.
I
gotta
go.
Yeah. Well yeah, that's just, that's just, you know, seasons, man, they busy long nights get short. Nice to get long because get short, that sort of thing. Mm I think I can try and finish this off on a sort of lighthearted note.
I think I could find a poem Julia to your home.
I'm a I'm a published poet.
yeah, They also wrote two books.
I
this is where I get all my money right now. Think about
being I was published under a pen name and I uh I got it best a cult following. Uh though people like my poetry, they didn't like my books very much, which is fine. They were weird. I don't like them either. I wrote them when I was young. I'm sorry, I'm looking I have these I have these books and
they're