SPEAKER_L: already started bub. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Stupid. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Brain because I think mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mhm mm mm. Mhm mm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah mm. Yeah. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. It what? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Like yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello, can you meet?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Hi. Sorry I'm a bit
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: late.
SPEAKER_L: don't don't trip. I'm just on my phone looking at like Benny hana menus. I'm like wow this looks good. How's it going? What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Eugene, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a pleasure to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Pleasure to meet you as well?
SPEAKER_L: Um Where are you from if you don't want
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: me asking
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: from the Miami area? South florida.
SPEAKER_L: Oh how is it down there in Miami?
SPEAKER_R: Oh with the hurricanes?
SPEAKER_L: With the hurricanes and the and the pandemics and whatever else of apocalyptic stuff.
SPEAKER_R: it's not too bad, it's not too bad. Um Where I live I haven't seen uh like too much um like activity. Um And then I've just been staying inside. Give me one second, let me move my micro.
SPEAKER_L: Take your time. Take your time. Take your time, go on, take it, take your time. Could you give me one second? I just need to go wash my hands real quick. I touched like some candy and I didn't uh thank you real quick, I'll just take one minute on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Okay cool. Have you lived in Miami a long time?
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah I've been there for about my whole life so just a bit
SPEAKER_L: God do you don't let me ask you, How old are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm 20 years old.
SPEAKER_L: got you? Yeah. No no no for sure. I I imagine that I remember just being 20 and just like I mean I can't imagine what the hell you're going through the pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's crazy. You're crazy year.
SPEAKER_L: It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: What about, where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from California so we got the fires so you know it's insane. I was talking to this one lady and then I think it was two days ago and she she had she had the hurricanes going on in in florida. The two, they got two hurricanes hitting the same exact area. We just nuts. So I know.
SPEAKER_R: my god my God.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's insane what's going on and I'm just like, yeah, you know, it's not the end of the world, who knows, who knows these things, But yeah. Um so you've lived in florida your whole life, like Miami Area? Um are you? Um I was gonna say um because I have a lot of friends and actually from, I've one friend in the keys and I have one friend from Fort Lauderdale, Lauderdale and and one of my really good friends is actually in the Miami downtown area and she said people are like, like they're just going out,
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: like I know a lot of people wearing masks and stuff like that now, right? But yeah, it's just, it's still pretty nuts out there. That's what I heard when it comes to the pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: What I'm really worried about is like if the hurricanes hit really hard and then people have to go into hurricane shelters and then I feel like that like a breeding ground for the virus. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna be horrible, I was worried about that too, and I was worried for you guys, and my friends were like this is nuts. Um Their remedy to that was like they were going to like leave southern um uh florida, they've seen a hurricane coming, you know, the two or three days, you know, at least you guys, you guys have warning and just drive up the coast, you know, I mean drive up north, go to Orlando, go to Tampa Drive east. Um Because I'm not sure. So how many hurricanes have you experienced if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah so the only ones that I really remember um was like Irma from last year uh and then um a few other minor ones, but I haven't really been through a major one that's impacted me a lot or maybe when I was like super
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: super young but I don't really remember much of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, probably. I mean there was there was a ton that went through your way that I could try to remember, and it's crazy because so my nephew, he's 19, he just joined um he just joined the Air Force. So he's in he's actually in Houston which
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: is the center point of everything and so he's around your age right? And he's just like sometimes like I'm like yeah you can think that way, it's like for me I'm like a little old, a lot a lot older and I'm just like holy shit that like well you guys have to face now, oh
SPEAKER_R: Right. How are the how are the fires in California?
SPEAKER_L: bro, they suck, you can't breathe, you know what I mean? So what's going on is um literally like okay so sometimes it'll clear because you know the bay area, it's a big, I'm pretty sure familiar because florida has similar qualities where you know you'll get a breeze and I mean down there, I think it's just hot of shit, you know what I mean? From what I know
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: I want my cousins. Yeah, many ways over here the fire sit someone, there's high pressure front, you know like we have a desert and you know, um all over in las Vegas and Nevada is like practically a whole damn desert. And then, so we have no wind coming in from the ocean. It's literally just sitting on top of us for a couple of days. So we literally had the worst air quality in the world for like four days straight and then today cleared up today. It's kind of clearing up a little bit here and there. Um no matter where you live in the northern California,
SPEAKER_R: work
SPEAKER_L: I think you're not far, you're not less than 100 miles from a fire. So you're going to get affected by the smoke one way or another every
SPEAKER_R: Mom
SPEAKER_L: single day. Um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: It's nuts, man. Yeah. So today I was waking up, my eyes were like burning, like all our windows are closed right? Mind you like everything is closed and I'm just like allergies like what is going on? Like? Oh my God on. Yeah, I know. I had to, I had to go outside, you know, wash off the car and there was ash everywhere and it's insane man. It's pretty nuts. But I mean honestly,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like it's nothing better. What y'all go through every year, hurricanes,
SPEAKER_R: Whoa
SPEAKER_L: that's hell not cool.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean the hurricanes, I mean like I feel like fires just sound like more dangerous, there's like more scary to think about. So so those are the fires, they're not like they're kind of far away right, but just the wind that's blowing the
SPEAKER_L: they're kind of far away. Yeah. So I live in, yeah, the wind takes it and I live in an urban area. So I live in Hayward, which is like 20 minutes south of Oakland. And so this area is pretty much city,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's city, suburban urban area. Um
SPEAKER_R: black.
SPEAKER_L: So what's going on is the fires like what's crazy about the bay area of California is, there's
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: a suburban area, then there's a forest,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you know, suburban area than forest. And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, it continues this trend with because of the mountains and valleys that that are here in the bay Area. So when these lightning strikes were hitting, it was hitting like all kinds of random spots. So literally like I may be in a safe place, but I won't know until we get an evacuation warning, you know what I mean? But I'm not in one of the high risk, you know? I don't know because literally it's me and then a whole bunch of other houses before the hills and then the hills are like bearing, so there's no fire. Most, I don't think firewood roll through it to get to us, but it's pretty barren and then you have the forest on
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: top of there, so that's what's burning, like uh at least where I'm at in here, so it's literally like 10 miles from us where it's lit up like crazy but the smoke is blowing south right
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: now so we're getting okay or like for like an hour I think it's gonna come back when the when the sea mist hits or whatever. I don't know. It's fun. Times. Are you are you in college if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am, I'm currently at home right now, but heading up there like in a few days um
SPEAKER_L: what if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: might
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: be asked you?
SPEAKER_R: go to the university of florida
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Wait University of florida Gators. Gatorade. Fuck man. Yeah. Yeah that's a cool 41 of my friends went there and they said they said I don't know if it's the same with you guys right now but like my my homie back in uh So I was around me being your age was
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: 2002 so being 20. Um Yeah he was he was he was in college at the time. Uh We were soft, I was going here cal state East Bay but he went there and he told me dude he said it's it's crazy like party now. Imagine that's not happening as much now or is it?
SPEAKER_R: Well, maybe, probably. I mean, you seem like the news like Notre Dame and unc Chapel Hill, like since they opened, there's like thousands of cases immediately.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: fucking bro. I know I get it, I get it. Like my friends um my
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: friend had to I think two of his kids tested positive but luckily they weren't in class, they just had in class meetings and stuff like that. But personally how do you feel about the virus?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I mean like it's not like my own health and I'm scared of, it's more of like spreading it to like my parents are like other people that like immuno compromised people, like that's really what scares me. I don't really want, I definitely want to be responsible for that, for
SPEAKER_L: I'm totally your boat. I'm totally your boat. And I imagine your parents are probably like uh 45 50 right?
SPEAKER_R: Something like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for sure. So my parents are already like uh they reached their late seventies and they got every single you know high blood pressure and diabetes so they catch that shit and it's all bad and I feel exactly how you feel. I'm just trying to like make sure I don't think anything crazy. And so my wife is in the same boat to, she's just like, you know, fuck all that, you know what I mean? Like I'm just going to kill her. Like bro, I'm not lying to you, it's crazy permitted. Like I could go out, I'm not tripping but we stayed in the house since March 11th. Like literally we we get take out, they go out. My sister will bring them out because me and my sister, my older sister, she agreed she's the one that my nephew when she's, she's his mom, so she's probably like your parents age but we agreed that um one
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: of us could only get infected if we do get infected so our exposure has to be staggered. So that way we could bring them to the hospital or or you know if they need to go or one of us needs to go to the hospital or what not. But you know you this pandemic is making you think it's shit. Hello? Different. I have no food, fucking nuts. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I think like if you think about it, like, I mean it could be worse. Like the virus could be like something you see in the movies, like it could be like people into like zombies or just kill them immediately. So
SPEAKER_L: or Ebola
SPEAKER_R: I mean, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: make you crap out blood. Like man, that's insane. Like you remember 2014? I don't know if you remember that, you're probably what uh maybe 14 at the time. Yeah. 24. And so the Ebola virus hit and I was talking about like I'm like fuck that I'm not going out and that wasn't even that bad. This one's a little different. It's kind of like, like you said, you know it's not the death rates for anybody younger than 65 is really, really low. Things like that. On the same token, like what you said, we have to be aware of, you know who we give it to and stuff like that. I think that's where like at least hopefully I'm hoping that most people are like us where they're thinking the same thing but you know I was just gonna ask you to like with all the shit going on to like with black lives matter how house and like the virus and everything down there. How has it affected you? Like like have you been talking to people your friends and all that?
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean, I'm not I don't really want to try to I'm not too big in politics myself,
SPEAKER_L: Got you
SPEAKER_R: I kind of like stay away from that thing because I don't want to say the wrong thing to
SPEAKER_L: Smart
SPEAKER_R: someone and
SPEAKER_L: Brown,
SPEAKER_R: figure
SPEAKER_L: Smart. It's so much you can say and you're just like ah you know what I mean? Yeah you'll be fine, you'll be fine. You're good to go. Um It's just it's it's it's much man what's going on? I mean it's like on top of the pandemic, you have this so it's like your generation you guys I was reading this thing yesterday funny this this article
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: telling crazy, it was about the generations that so um you know you had the people that are live right now is what the Silent are the greatest generation. Silent generation, baby boomers, gen xers, which is probably your parents, millennials, which is me and my wife and our shit. Then you guys are generation. What the fuck are you guys generation?
SPEAKER_R: z I think the summers, The summers?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, numbers, right Zimmer's and then, and then they have the next, did you know they already have a name for the next generation?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, really? What do they call it?
SPEAKER_L: Harry Rose. Very okay, so they're called Alpha,
SPEAKER_R: The out.
SPEAKER_L: Alpha, alpha bro. But here's the scary part. Um they apparently they don't mind having interactions like this and this is it. Like they think this is their humanity right here. They don't have any human interactions, they don't care about any of that. They cry if you take an ipad away from them, you guys are kind of like that. I used to beat the shit out of my nephew all the time, like we'll get that shopping days. But um he literally, he literally grew up where I was telling him go play hockey, go out, play basketball, you know, do all kinds of stuff um and kind of influence them to do that, but the next generation nothing at all, like literally that's what people are saying, like they will, they're okay with all technological experiences, you know what I mean? And that's kind of interesting, you know, I'm not saying that's a bad thing at all, but that's kind of interesting. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I was reading something to actually earlier today, it made me think a little bit. It's because like, like from my generation and for like millennials, um like the like even if they're like computer addicted, technology addicted, it even has like, but it does have benefits. Like you learn computer skills, you learn like technology skills, get a job in technology, stuff like that. But I feel like with the alpha generation, like everything is so spoon fed to them, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: It's like, like they're so they're like addicted to technology, but they don't have any they don't gain any of the skills.
SPEAKER_L: bro. Oh much so, so much so um I know, yeah. I don't know if I'm assuming that you have nieces nephews or you know anyone in your family that's part of that generate the alpha? Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? So when you talk to them right there, just totally like in this, uh, everything is phone centric, What I'm saying, everything is technologically centric. What's cool is, I don't know if you follow any anime or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I have a few friends. I like your friends though that are like
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: you, got you that follow
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: Enemy, Right? So you got Enemy, Another thing would be like Youtube videos that you're interested in. Um, um, let's say netflix, you do you watch any netflix shows or whatever? Yeah. So I was, I was gonna say that I was going to preface preface that with saying that a lot of the new generation, they relate to you via what you watch. I don't know if you noticed that with the kids, they're like, what do you watch? You know, what do you, you know what I mean? Whereas I can still have a real conversation with y'all Zoomer is, you know what I'm saying? Because millennials and gen xers had a point in raising you guys, but I think what's going on is the late millennials are giving birth to these rumors and there the late millennials still think they're in their prime, you know what I mean? You know I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: mean, the late birth millennials, they still think they're in the front, so they're trying to live their life. So basically what's going on in here, Here's a tablet, enjoy yourself. You know, here's a phone, don't worry about me, I'm going to work, you know, I still got to live my life and so the alpha generation is totally like raising themselves, like with Zuma is a kind of scene that, but at the same time you had a gen X generation raising you guys in most cases, so lot of people were just held a they were really on top of you guys I imagine. But yeah, no, it's it's it's pretty crazy you mind me asking what your major is?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm currently studying computer science.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I should have did that shit. I
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: didn't. Political
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: finds bro, mm
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: don't you're doing the right thing, You're doing okay, I'd say computer science and if you can get some finance classes under your belt, it's the most important thing, learning how to fuck with your money because literally the whole money, this whole world is ran by money and computers. So you already got one down. Mm you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: learn the
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: I was looking at I was looking at possible career paths and I saw something like you know quants um
SPEAKER_L: I'm not familiar. It sounds like a go for it. Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: so Quants are like the people in a lot of trading firms who do a lot of like statistics and analysis with like stocks and bonds and and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: stuff like that and yeah, I mean it pays very very well. Um and it's like a mix of computer skills and finance skills and it's um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's really cool. I mean imagine if you, if you chase like doesn't this financing to steal at all or like money situations and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah actually I actually do a little bit a little bit trading on uh have you heard of heard of Robin Hood?
SPEAKER_L: I do that all the time. I got my nephew on his your age, he made $700 in in in an hour when I first told him I was like motherfucker, why don't you tell me about it? So he goes on discord right? And yeah, he goes on discord and he goes on the trading sites on discord and read it and I do read it, he does discord. But he's made more money getting information via the discord of friends than I have. So he bought something, he bought like an option and
SPEAKER_R: of course. Crazier options.
SPEAKER_L: people the option just cashed out like oh you bastard like me, I invested in Tesla. So I got fractional shares on Robin Hood right? I got lucky. And so I just I was like I don't have enough to buy like a $900 share right now, let me just by a little bit. And they already caught group. I mean almost it almost tripled since I bought it last month, which is cool, but what are you investing in Robin Hood if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, so actually like like did your nephew, so he said he cashed out already or is
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: he still
SPEAKER_L: already
SPEAKER_R: reading?
SPEAKER_L: because he went to the Air Force so he's
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: going to boot camp and then he said he's going to reinvest once he gets out so that way you control it because he can't control it right now. So um
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but it's pretty crazy. I mean dude also you being a computer science major right? I'm like there's a ton of people here in the bay Area. I'm pretty sure it might take you here. But coming to the barrier is probably one of the places you probably, they'll probably tell you like google facebook and all that shit is out here. Um I don't know if you're ever interested in that type of stuff too. But um yeah man I mean if you ever come out here feel free, I'm on, I'm on reddit you can you can hit me a young turk Y U N G T U RK 82
SPEAKER_R: Young
SPEAKER_L: art.
SPEAKER_R: Turkey. You too? Oh yeah. I'm a big read
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: 82.
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: Hit me up. And if you're ever on the barrier just just hit me up, you know what I'm saying? Um I could probably introduce you to my some of my friends who are in tech and then you know what I mean? This is this words that were with tech still but I feel like it's moving, it's going to florida to so you might be able to even just stay home. Um But
SPEAKER_R: And also work from home to, it's like anywhere in the world.
SPEAKER_L: that's so awesome. Exactly. What brought you, what brought you to a prolific if you don't mind me asking.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I mean like during the pandemic is just like nothing not to do. And I actually found that subreddit r slash for your money. I don't know if that's prolific
SPEAKER_L: I want
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: be your money too.
SPEAKER_R: Not not old enough to get here yet, but I can use it for other things.
SPEAKER_L: You're almost there. Are you turning 20 this year? And next year
SPEAKER_R: Uh next year. Next year.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you. I got you bro. You're gonna are you thinking of going to like were you thinking of going to I don't want to put any
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thoughts
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: of you.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I don't know. Probably like with my friends somewhere. Figure something
SPEAKER_L: Tell
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: you I bro uh my opinion. I just try to road trip to Vegas and just from florida like straight up because I think I'm hoping I'm really hoping that the pandemic kind of subsides by then but we'll see what happens. I have no clue. This is just nuts what's going on. I mean I was supposed to go to L. A. For a shoot for for a couple cause I'm a photographer that's what I do professionally and I can't do that now. But I was supposed to go to L. A. In april and it just everything just shut down and I was like, I don't know what was going on. I mean, I feel a lot safer going out now because apparently the cases have subsided, right? But how is it in florida taste wise? I think you guys are, it's going down there too, right?
SPEAKER_R: um I think so. Yeah. But I actually, I'm super worried about like schools reopening. I think that might bring like a new wave of, of various cases.
SPEAKER_L: That's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm worried about that too as well. And especially because then you guys have to visit, you know, your grandparents and your your parents as well and then bring that back. Yeah, I mean I I totally get help being young and carefree is you know what I'm saying? So it's like, I can't blame you all. It's just kind of like the context in which you guys are put in, it's kind of like fuck you know what I'm saying? This is a
SPEAKER_R: for sure.
SPEAKER_L: really fucked up situation man. But yes, what was your name again?
SPEAKER_R: Eugene. Eugene,
SPEAKER_L: Eugene pleasure
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to meet
SPEAKER_R: banged
SPEAKER_L: you yet.
SPEAKER_R: my, I forgot.
SPEAKER_L: I'm saying I'm saying I'm them
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're right. Tim tim tim
SPEAKER_L: and you have you have any more questions or anything you might want to know about the barrier or whatever. Hillary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like who are your friends in tech? What, where do they work?
SPEAKER_L: Okay so one of my friends he actually does I. T. For a couple of companies. Um he's 11 person that I used to uh basically what happened was I did a lot of photo shoots and this is really cool apartment in a really high end area in san Francisco. And so he used to let me shoot there all the time. And what happened was he does tech. He does I. T. Specifically I thi I think I never really talked to him specifically about what he does. I have another friend who works in Tesla their I. T. Department
SPEAKER_R: Presley.
SPEAKER_L: actually my cousin. Yeah he's my cousin. And then um dude one of my friends my one of my best friends works for google actually. He's one of that. So when you do a google search it's his it's him that allows you to search. He's the one that sets the guidelines. They're kind of like the protocol yeah where you're not going to look at something like child pornography is gonna pop up and he'll he'll figure out. Him and his team will will figure out a way to block that. But he's not a programmer by any reach. It's crazy because he went the same path as me where he went political science and then eventually got a job there. But programming you could get a job anywhere at any time. So you know what I'm saying? You're gonna be good. Um Well part of computer science do you want to go into more of the programming or more of the uh the science behind it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Actually, I'm actually thinking about going into machine learning and ai um
SPEAKER_L: That's dope. This clock bro then. Yeah. That's sick. You might come out here. That's going to be cool too.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I feel like I talked to I talked to him a while back on some random prolific shit you know that?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Any
SPEAKER_R: mean it's
SPEAKER_L: other? Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's like super, super interesting. Like, like originally I was just going into it because it was like where all the money was going. Um but then like I started like delving into like the topics and stuff and the possibilities and it's just, it's like, you're super fascinating to me now.
SPEAKER_L: it's super sick dude it's really really cool. Um They um have you ever watched? I've never seen it yet. What is that movie I robot? I heard that was kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's a chill no or no, no. I think I'm saying, I think I'm saying, I know, I haven't seen it. I didn't see that show or movie.
SPEAKER_L: no I'm not I'm not sure if that. Yeah maybe it is a show you're right. There was another movie where the girl is a robot. I totally in like lost right now. I like
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: four
SPEAKER_R: playing
SPEAKER_L: hour.
SPEAKER_R: 49 now one.
SPEAKER_L: I think you're right, I think you're right. Yeah I think you're right. Um I didn't see it but I was just saying like that shit looks crazy. I mean if robots get to that point. Yeah it's pretty nuts. I mean we did okay you know have you ever watched Terminator two?
SPEAKER_R: I've seen the first one.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so um terminator two is pretty nuts. And that they had a lab in fremont where they were developing the t what the fuck are they called the Arnold Schwarzenegger's robot? I forgot the model name. Yeah T. One. And then versus the T. 1000. Well I think that's what it was. But anyway so they were developing the T. 1000 and what was cool was um they were kind of ahead of their time but they're like saying oh it's in fremont California I'm like what the fuck? And they really filmed it here. So it's literally um it's literally it was literally a building that was a tech building in fremont California but literally like when you come here there's so many like what you want to study, where it's robotic A. I you know what I mean? And and and things of that nature. There's so many firms out here including Tesla including um what's his name? He's throwing a lot of that shit out there. Uh Oh my God, everybody's name, I can't even think of it. I'm even invested in the damn company. You already know what the fuck is his owner's name of Tesla? Everybody
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: knows
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: like him.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: Elon musk. Yeah. Yeah, that guy. Oh man,
SPEAKER_L: exactly. My mind
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: is not working today. But anyway, so he has a ton of firms operating in the area, like a ton of stuff based on just A. I. And what's that, what what I was reading on the stock thing when I was reading about it, it said that that was driving kind of the factors of why they're gonna split the stock so they're going to split their stock in four ways. This friday
SPEAKER_R: I think it's five.
SPEAKER_L: you read about that shit and I was like yes, you know because that's a
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: better
SPEAKER_R: fractional
SPEAKER_L: for me.
SPEAKER_R: shares.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah yeah you get more shares, you know what I'm saying and and um it's crazy man, I don't know what's going on but I just know that that the actual production of robots and robotics and things like that is actually still here in the Bay Area which is not so yeah like I said have you ever out here, you know feel free to hit me up on Reddit
SPEAKER_R: Trump.
SPEAKER_L: or whatever, you know, I just give people my reddit. Yeah it was
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. About that stock split, did you have you seen, I don't know if you're on r slash Wall Street bets? Um
SPEAKER_L: No, is that already
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, it's worth all the like um like the millennial college kid, like option traders, that's where they go
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: us?
SPEAKER_R: it's like a notorious thing. That's what I was asking if you're like cousin cashed out already because it's notorious for people losing money in the end. Um
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So it's
SPEAKER_L: think I know
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you're talking about
SPEAKER_R: like inverse everyone on the subreddit, so like that he cashed out, they say like the first one's free, so then you get a little taste of like the, of the games and then you just like you go back in riskier and riskier and eventually you lose it all. It's like basically a casino, it's gambling at that point.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it is, it is especially,
SPEAKER_R: there was a yeah there was a post a while ago or a week ago about the split on Tesla
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: and Elon musk. He tweeted I don't know if you remember he tweeted like Tesla stock is too high in my opinion
SPEAKER_L: I did
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: read that
SPEAKER_R: go and
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: tweeted that.
SPEAKER_L: what's the goal? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah he treated that at 8 11 8 11. um Like am at on May 1st. Um And so so the numbers is 88 11 and then May 1st is 51 And then guess when they announced the 51 stock split on august 11th 8 11. So he's playing
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: like yeah sorry here.
SPEAKER_L: oh you're on that fit to the illuminati confirmed that shit. Trust me bro you started seeing this shit like what the fuck is going on? I didn't know that. That's kind of crazy though. It depends more than coincidence of that but I mean okay peep game you know your computer science major if there's a way you can find pattern in nature and predicted. Have you ever heard of the web dot?
SPEAKER_R: So what what? No no I haven't.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty dope. So anyways this guy named Clyde I forgot what his name was but they created a robot. Uh but basically that would grab all the information that was given from like google or Youtube or yahoo or whatever people browse the information that they were allowed to get and they would predict things that would happen in the future now granted their their predictions were maybe like 30 40%.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: But they had spot on predictions that actually happened which was crazy. Um I haven't checked it lately with the pandemic but
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: uh it's pretty nuts but they used to just go on radio talk shows and talk about it all the time. It's pretty fucking nuts. Dude that's something you might be interested in in actually looking at predictive technology. Have you ever watched Minority Report?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I've heard of that. I heard of it
SPEAKER_L: It's a
SPEAKER_R: when you
SPEAKER_L: movie
SPEAKER_R: order.
SPEAKER_L: where Tom Cruise? He is part of uh I think it's tom cruise tripping but he's a police officer, part of an agency that basically does predictability um what's it called, predictability crimes or I don't know what the fucking official term it is but he basically the police force predicts a crime that's going to happen. Then they arrest the person before that person could commit the crime when they even just think it
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's really creepy.
SPEAKER_L: go past fucking movie bro. So anyways um they took that same idea or that the website has been doing that way back and I think minority report took the idea from them but just on a minor scale when it comes to crime whereas the web but tries to predict it via massive events. Um It predicted the stock market crash of 2000 and eight apparently. Um
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: almost to nothing so I forgot you gotta read uh read up on it there's a hell of like I'm shooting you hell of shit but feel free to read up on it you know what I mean? Because this is from my brain
SPEAKER_R: I'll put you up.
SPEAKER_L: obviously.
SPEAKER_R: It's called black but you said
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's fucking nuts bro, it's fucking nuts. But yeah bro feel free to add me on on on reddit though. Like
SPEAKER_R: sure. Yeah, I'll Dm You also Okay. Hey
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: this is
SPEAKER_L: is not efficient for sure. Yeah man my bad I guess. No I mean is there any more questions you have? I'm good, I still keep talking, I was like wait do I have anything to do
SPEAKER_R: Uh no, I mean I think you're talking but I got to go in like five minutes or
SPEAKER_L: handle
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: it bro? We're good, we're good. Eugene. It was a pleasure
SPEAKER_R: Thanks baby are safe here.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. Dude, take it easy. Is this your like is this your fourth or third chat on prolific?
SPEAKER_R: No. Actually joined prolific like three weeks ago. This is like the first one that that I had actually Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay you're gonna have some crazy people. Okay cool you're gonna, it's interesting this is my fourth one so this is it for me but it's pretty
SPEAKER_R: Very good.
SPEAKER_L: nice. Yeah so you're gonna get different vibes, you're gonna catch different vibes with this but prolific has been chilled though, I literally joined it a month ago, maybe about six weeks ago, six weeks ago and I've gotten like they've given me uh options to actually do like live interviews and then you get paid a lot more. So prolific is fucking awesome. The best part is it's in pounds so you get more money coming back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know if you use um do use D Scout, have you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: of it?
SPEAKER_L: I did. Uh so my phone is fucked up right now right? And they had to upgrade. I got in for a gaming one. So I played clash clash royale, you know what I'm saying? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No I used to play, used to play No I didn't get that one on disco. No.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I played collateral. I took a picture of it and then the gaming, they said, hey, we want to interview. So I have like interviews. Yeah, dude, discount this one guy on beer money, he cashed out almost like 2000 off of that. I think the one that works the best though is user testing. I I interviewed that I didn't get
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: difficult,
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've only been doing beer money for a month, but I'm on like all the sites now. Like I've been getting super into it with all the time. And actually
SPEAKER_L: but how
SPEAKER_R: like, like over this month I made close to 1000, like my first month. So
SPEAKER_L: that's me too. Let's get to Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no, last month to this month I took it easy this this month I'm like I'm at 800. I'm like yeah that's cool. I'm not tripping. My bills aren't too high right now. They're piling up though. But last month I made close to about 1200 just chilling
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and just doing it. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, literally like what do you do you put in like two hours a day, right, Two or three hours a day.
SPEAKER_R: Arizona, I just like put it in the background. I do other stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Especially prolific, prolific is
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: good for that shit. But have you ever used mturk
SPEAKER_R: I know. I feel like I'm turkeys like too much is that you're competing with
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: wearing workers and stuff like that?
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: is it is it is it is now because everyone's at home but there are hits that are worth it. Like I had a $12 hit where I was talking to someone just like this and they don't usually do that on enter and I literally was just talking for 10 minutes to give me $12 and if you use the um I mean it just feel free to message me because I can teach you how to use the scripts that they run that way. You can avoid all the bullshit. And then you can just get you can get all the real big hits that you need and you could, you could set up parameters and things like that. And then when it hits, there's this thing like you know, you leave it up on a browser. Yeah. I kind of like prolific. You see the cup of tea and then you just wait for it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The extension and then, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. There's something like that with with Mturk. I could show you that it's called Panda crazy. It's pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: So, you know
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: when you hit the top
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of your
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: have to
SPEAKER_L: shit,
SPEAKER_R: do and read it for sure.
SPEAKER_L: I do appreciate hit me, hit me, hit me. It's all good. But yeah, have fun with this prolific shit. If you're gonna meet some interesting as fucking people will. All right. Eugene, take care.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Take
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: care please.