Hello, can you meet?
Hi. Hi. Sorry I'm a bit
late.
I'm Eugene, how are you?
Pleasure to meet you as well?
What?
I'm
from the Miami area? South florida.
Oh with the hurricanes?
it's not too bad, it's not too bad. Um Where I live I haven't seen uh like too much um like activity. Um And then I've just been staying inside. Give me one second, let me move my micro.
um Yeah I've been there for about my whole life so just a bit
I'm 20 years old.
Yeah. It's crazy. You're crazy year.
What about, where are you from?
my god my God.
One.
What I'm really worried about is like if the hurricanes hit really hard and then people have to go into hurricane shelters and then I feel like that like a breeding ground for the virus. For sure.
Um Yeah so the only ones that I really remember um was like Irma from last year uh and then um a few other minor ones, but I haven't really been through a major one that's impacted me a lot or maybe when I was like super
super young but I don't really remember much of that.
but
Right. How are the how are the fires in California?
For
work
Mom
And
No.
Whoa
Well I mean the hurricanes, I mean like I feel like fires just sound like more dangerous, there's like more scary to think about. So so those are the fires, they're not like they're kind of far away right, but just the wind that's blowing the
Well
black.
well
what?
What?
What?
What?
Yeah, I am, I'm currently at home right now, but heading up there like in a few days um
I
go
to
go to the university of florida
No.
Well, maybe, probably. I mean, you seem like the news like Notre Dame and unc Chapel Hill, like since they opened, there's like thousands of cases immediately.
Crazy.
Well,
Um Yeah, I mean like it's not like my own health and I'm scared of, it's more of like spreading it to like my parents are like other people that like immuno compromised people, like that's really what scares me. I don't really want, I definitely want to be responsible for that, for
Something like that. Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, I think like if you think about it, like, I mean it could be worse. Like the virus could be like something you see in the movies, like it could be like people into like zombies or just kill them immediately. So
I mean, Yeah.
Um I mean, I'm not I don't really want to try to I'm not too big in politics myself,
I kind of like stay away from that thing because I don't want to say the wrong thing to
someone and
figure
But
z I think the summers, The summers?
Oh, really? What do they call it?
The out.
Yeah. Yeah, I was reading something to actually earlier today, it made me think a little bit. It's because like, like from my generation and for like millennials, um like the like even if they're like computer addicted, technology addicted, it even has like, but it does have benefits. Like you learn computer skills, you learn like technology skills, get a job in technology, stuff like that. But I feel like with the alpha generation, like everything is so spoon fed to them, you know,
It's like, like they're so they're like addicted to technology, but they don't have any they don't gain any of the skills.
No, no, I have a few friends. I like your friends though that are like
having
one.
And
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm currently studying computer science.
What
are you?
Oh.
Yeah.
Like
I was looking at I was looking at possible career paths and I saw something like you know quants um
so Quants are like the people in a lot of trading firms who do a lot of like statistics and analysis with like stocks and bonds and and
stuff like that and yeah, I mean it pays very very well. Um and it's like a mix of computer skills and finance skills and it's um Yeah.
Yeah actually I actually do a little bit a little bit trading on uh have you heard of heard of Robin Hood?
of course. Crazier options.
Um Yeah, so actually like like did your nephew, so he said he cashed out already or is
he still
reading?
All
Right. Right.
Young
Turkey. You too? Oh yeah. I'm a big read
it
too.
And also work from home to, it's like anywhere in the world.
Oh yeah. I mean like during the pandemic is just like nothing not to do. And I actually found that subreddit r slash for your money. I don't know if that's prolific
as
well.
Not not old enough to get here yet, but I can use it for other things.
Uh next year. Next year.
And
I'm
I
don't know.
I know. I don't know. Probably like with my friends somewhere. Figure something
out.
um I think so. Yeah. But I actually, I'm super worried about like schools reopening. I think that might bring like a new wave of, of various cases.
for sure.
Eugene. Eugene,
I
banged
my, I forgot.
Yeah, you're right. Tim tim tim
Yeah. So like who are your friends in tech? What, where do they work?
Presley.
Yeah. Actually, I'm actually thinking about going into machine learning and ai um
No.
I
mean it's
it's like super, super interesting. Like, like originally I was just going into it because it was like where all the money was going. Um but then like I started like delving into like the topics and stuff and the possibilities and it's just, it's like, you're super fascinating to me now.
I think it's a chill no or no, no. I think I'm saying, I think I'm saying, I know, I haven't seen it. I didn't see that show or movie.
I like
playing
49 now one.
I've seen the first one.
Well
I
like him.
Elon musk. Yeah. Yeah, that guy. Oh man,
he
I think it's five.
No
more
fractional
shares.
Trump.
Yeah. About that stock split, did you have you seen, I don't know if you're on r slash Wall Street bets? Um
Oh yeah, yeah, it's worth all the like um like the millennial college kid, like option traders, that's where they go
and
it's like a notorious thing. That's what I was asking if you're like cousin cashed out already because it's notorious for people losing money in the end. Um
So it's
like
like inverse everyone on the subreddit, so like that he cashed out, they say like the first one's free, so then you get a little taste of like the, of the games and then you just like you go back in riskier and riskier and eventually you lose it all. It's like basically a casino, it's gambling at that point.
there was a yeah there was a post a while ago or a week ago about the split on Tesla
and Elon musk. He tweeted I don't know if you remember he tweeted like Tesla stock is too high in my opinion
like
go and
he
tweeted that.
Yeah. Yeah he treated that at 8 11 8 11. um Like am at on May 1st. Um And so so the numbers is 88 11 and then May 1st is 51 And then guess when they announced the 51 stock split on august 11th 8 11. So he's playing
like yeah sorry here.
So what what? No no I haven't.
no
true.
Uh No I've heard of that. I heard of it
when you
order.
Okay. That's really creepy.
One
I'll put you up.
It's called black but you said
sure. Yeah, I'll Dm You also Okay. Hey
this is
Uh no, I mean I think you're talking but I got to go in like five minutes or
so.
Thanks baby are safe here.
No. Actually joined prolific like three weeks ago. This is like the first one that that I had actually Yeah.
Very good.
Yeah. I don't know if you use um do use D Scout, have you
heard
of it?
No I used to play, used to play No I didn't get that one on disco. No.
I'm
on
yeah I've only been doing beer money for a month, but I'm on like all the sites now. Like I've been getting super into it with all the time. And actually
like, like over this month I made close to 1000, like my first month. So
hmm.
Well,
Arizona, I just like put it in the background. I do other stuff. Yeah.
No,
I know. I feel like I'm turkeys like too much is that you're competing with
like
wearing workers and stuff like that?
I don't
know.
Yeah. The extension and then, yeah.
Great.
Great.
I
don't
have to
do and read it for sure.
All right. Take
care please.