Okay. Okay. Mhm Gracie Congress fee Great. No, I want to long super ship. Mhm Dams have reached in Michigan and entire towns are now being threatened by flooding and it's got an NBC news. Let's tell you about that. Plus what it's like to be a nurse front on, there's been a catastrophic outbreak, responders are going door to door telling people to get out reports to played with what he expected to get worse. 10,000 people are license of the company that ran one of the dance was actually taken away because they didn't need maintenance Sanders, which is a lot of people asking if all of this could have been prevented. Michigan has already been struggling trying to convene because the virus for now there's reporters, I think people have to be suspended and then you have to understand. Mhm It's probably you can see gorillas. Welcome to watch. Right, wrong care that much. Simon Helder most of Hackenberg's time since their release has been stepped on the big bang theory where he played Howard boston's you're 170 according to imdb. Halbert has two private sports as a 2020 physical title and the drama called at 6 30 P. S. That's right now for a bad voice unite the shape Today has played in these for years around the insidious series with insidious the last he believed in 2018, 2 years later she's starring in face masks and indifference inside Dan said Please give you 24. There were very patently since 29 At least the rap for three bullets area on the CBS sitcom along in 2018 at least start as animals were seen in the being here and there just isn't anything track long before you blow up Denver it's harder carol Because that's between 2009 and 2015. Travis Palm on the person in 2019. He has your number Good doctor and a drink star in an upcoming private video drama called Utopia Alongside the opposite working lipson No. How many different never stepped in late 2002 consecutively starring in teleportation and stroke when you have to stay here. Christina. Not only did you period has been a cute little farewell that money but she also occurred as a comedian. He had a few award nominated film log shell. Okay well over number five we're communicating then and join a prosperous to be clear long before us in her own home having a spiritual nice and voice of the carry the choir and gonna take care. However, 1 18 and 2900 rescues scattered turns increase as she urged both the Golden Globe and Academy Awards was working in steel straight talk. But she's also in the question how STD here's three Emmy Awards from the work in America nine and seven seconds spent in 2019 and stuff with her boyfriend stealer thinks you can call difference between 2012. Since then she's pure bedroom. The draft number fourth, number three political track. Pretty known as on gorgeous. They're not the president number two. You don't need us to tell you that's actually 2013 and 2015 2019. Some incidents that is the reality kind of 70 2015 deaths began starring as Kelsey Peters on the tv land of the comedy drama filter. The show has since pared sixties and said it was 70 episodes in 2019. She executive phrase and start in the ruler of the haunting of sharing teens which was unfortunate. Plan a basket by countries that is also comfortable circle when they just require revival and its present state either just be honest, more in the near future. While two episodes have been filled with a series has been put on hold, creative differences. It's definitely fun and in a little challenging and also some familiar at the time. Mhm. As a dance speak smell like wait, let's check. Shall we? No, it sounds like success to me. It is. He smelled like, shall we? Okay. Thank you. You brought in one way new balance sheet. Thank you. That's my guy. Yeah. Mhm. I have never been anything spicy uh, horrified. Yeah. Sometimes. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Hello, what are you doing? How can you will love? Hello? Come here. Mm. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Please please. Mhm. Mhm. I just want to Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. What line? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, it's like this. yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hi
Hello?
Good how's it going for you?
Airman.
Nice to meet you play.
I like painting and cooking and stuff. What about you?
School.
Yeah me and my brother went camping this past weekend. Yeah.
Yeah it was good.
Yeah it was good. Mhm.
Germany pads.
Do you have any pets?
Our three dogs
Uh To our miniature poodles and then we have a standard poodle. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah that's how I used to be with pets. Mhm. Okay.
I kind of outgrew it
Yeah mm. What do you do
for work?
That's cool.
that's my mom was one of those. Yeah
that's
fair.
no
that's good. Yeah
so I'm a student in college yeah
and then I'm gonna take the M. T. Test solving an M. T. Yeah and then I learned I can get my paramedic degree for free so I was like well we'll
just do that.
Um So I went to korean in Omaha.
it's okay.
Yeah.
Mhm.
is not too great for winter either. Yeah.
Yeah. Very flat but
Yes. Yeah no I'm from colorado so I get you.
Yeah it's crazy. But
so
I was out there for school and then this year I decided to actually take the spring semester off and I was like I think I want to transfer so it was kind of perfect for me just with everything going online, I was like great. Yeah.
Yeah I know some of my friends are like, it's so easy. I'm like, mm. But
No.
No,
my
high school would do online days when we had snow days because there were kids from all over the state that went to my school. So. Yeah.
It's just, it's crazy.
Yeah. Well, mine was a charter school, so get a little bit more freedom. Yeah,
But
um well, I got to take care of the dogs.
So
that's good.
No, that's what my mom was saying. She's like all my money goes to you guys. Yeah.
Yeah, we are. Oh my.
But
so what's your favorite part about being an education teacher?
You know?
It's not, that's the sad part. It's like we need them, but
I had
I spent
of time
let
Oh yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. No, because I was thinking about doing nursing and I was like never seen pays a lot more, but I'll have a lot more fun as a paramedic. So. Mm
hmm.
Yeah. I know. There's something can be crazy.
Bye.
No, it's
crazy.
I mean, yes. But like sometimes like they're like, we don't want you to take us to the hospital so you have to get them to sign
all this paperwork.
Yeah. They have to sign a release saying that like it's not advised for them or they devised for them to go to the hospital with you. But they're choosing not to.
Because if they left without them then being abandonment. Yeah.
So
Um It depends because like when I was in Omaha um my teacher is talking to us about how there's a lot of people who just call to get like glucose tests and stuff because like the strips are so expensive so
I
like it.
There's
no charge.
If you don't
ride
in the ambulance, there's no charge.
Yeah.
Mhm.
It's not
too bad.
No freshman year
of college, one of my friends topped her fingers off in the door and my R. A.
Was freaking out and I was like super calm. I was like, this isn't a big deal.
that's fair. Yeah. No, I went into
college thinking I was gonna do pretty mad and I was like, mm I found out like you do a lot more paperwork and I was like, I don't want to do paperwork. I'd rather do patient care, so. Mhm.
Back,
that's fair.
Yeah. At least you've been able to move around. Yeah.
of
my cousins ended up getting like a writing degree and then she worked for a company called Knowles and she like moved all around the country with them.
Mhm.
So where do you usually go camping
all over?
No.
That's nice.
Yeah. I know. Um there are only like a couple of places in Colorado for camping this weekend And so like me and my brother ended up like driving three hours.
Yeah. I was like we have to get out of here. Mhm.
That's nice.
It's
good. Yeah.
Yeah me and my dad are supposed to go visit my grandma
some
time.
Yeah. No my grandparents are 96 so they're old.
Yeah. It's crazy. But they both
live at home alone. Okay.
I know. Someone's always over there at my grandpa.
Back.
He's like, I enjoy the time alone. Your aunts and uncles are crazy. Yeah. I was like, okay grandpa.
He also told me that like the coronavirus is worse than World War Two. I was like,
okay grandpa, I don't know about
that.
It's crazy. Cut.
Mhm. How's the software developing going?
that's
good. Yeah. That's always good when like you have a job that like you can do it from wherever because like then you're like secure
hopefully. Yeah.
Oh I'm sure.
Hey?
You know before all of this like I was manning these kids and like um their dad was like, oh I need you to watch the kids for like the weekend, like I'm going out of town. So I was like okay. And then like later on I found out he went to china to get his
ex wife. I was like oh my goodness. I was like um I can't come back. Mhm.
I was like what happens if something happens to your kids,
that's
like am I liable for all this?
Yeah, I was.
I
mean thankfully there are older so they pretty much could take care of themselves, but one of them did not like me. I was like
Yeah. I was like um this is kind of scary.
No,
I
found out part way through when he was gone.
And then like his like dad came home because he was in the hospital and everything. Uh huh And
it was it was wild.
then like one day so I dropped one of the kids off at school and then I usually go home to do stuff and the other kid was supposed to catch the school bus. Well, the grandpa fell upstairs And like, they didn't think about calling 911 or anything.
So he was laying there for a while. I was like, oh my
goodness. Yeah.
I was like, oh my gosh, I should have come back of all the days. Bye.
Yeah, they did. Yeah.
But it's okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm back home. Yeah.
Sometimes it's a little difficult, but
because I went from like living on my own and like doing whatever I wanted to like being under my parents rules again, I'm like, mm, I don't like this.
So
that's good.
What?
No,
my
parents are
like,
you have
to be home by midnight, no matter what. I'm like, okay.
Yeah, no, I got lost in some corn fields one time. I was like, where am I?
Yeah. Like once you drive out of Omaha is like corn fields like everywhere else. Like, okay.
Yeah, the other day I was driving in the mountains and I took a left turn instead of a right turn and I ended up going through three different counties and ended up in like car out of springs, which is like really south. I was like, how did I do this? Yeah.
And I have the three dogs with me. I was like, this is perfect.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. I just have one brother. Do you have any siblings?
that's cool. That is their family, mm.
Mhm.
yeah yeah we have a family on the corner, they have like six kids and I'm like oh my gosh, how do you do it?
Yeah, no I like babysit
for kids sometimes and I'm like oh my gosh, this is crazy because they're like different ages, so you're like trying to do different things and then you're like running around so.
Okay,
do you have boys and girls are just boys or girls?
that's good,
I'm sure.
did you play any sports or anything like high school or anything?
that's cool.
my school didn't have sports but I went to like two different high schools to play sports, so I played
field hockey. Lacrosse. Yeah.
Yeah
A little bit, yeah I
mean I got two concussions uh
in high school. Yeah, the
first
one I got a field hockey stick to the head. Yeah.
On accident because I
yeah, because I was on defense so like we had to like shoot out of the goal to like stop the ball from going in I guess I ran out too fast and they hit me on that. Yeah.
and
then
I was playing across and I got to stick to the face. Yeah.
No, but I'll
work
out.
Yeah, that's fair. You know I played Rugby
in like 8th grade and then I played up like with the high school girls one game and I was like I'm not playing this in high school, no, Because they're huge and I'm like 52, so I was like not working.
they
do.
Yeah. That's crazy.
That's for sure. Yeah.
Do you like watching any sports?
Is this fair?
Um Me and my grandpa watch football together? Yeah.
NFL and then my dad watches college sometimes.
Where
did he go to school?
Yeah. My dad went to the University of texas so yeah.
Mhm. Right.
Good. It's not too bad. Mhm.
It was nice meeting you, too.