All right. How's
it going?
Pretty good. So my name is Blake. What's your name?
Damn it. Um N nice to meet you Herman.
Mhm. All right. Well clock's tickin 25 minutes. Uh Well, I don't know. What do you like to do for fun mom?
interesting. Um I don't know. I like to do lots of stuff. Um Anything outdoors is fun camping, hiking, biking. I'm also a bit of a nerd. I like to play magic, the gathering. Um Yeah lots of card games have played Pokemon, lots of stuff like that.
So a little bit of everything. Yeah.
That sounds fun. I love camping.
Nice. It's good to get out. Especially now where everybody's been cooped up for so long.
That's good. Mhm.
What was that?
Yeah. I have no pets. I had pets growing up. Um I had a turtle. I had a million at one time. But yeah, I really like reptiles but not not anymore. How about you?
three dogs. Okay. What kind of dogs?
Who does? Huh? I think we had poodles when I was growing up. I was little, I don't remember him very much. Yeah.
Nice. Yeah. We can have we can have any dogs or cats because my son is allergic. So and my wife doesn't like reptiles, so.
Oh, nice. So did you, so do you just like take allergy medication or you just get over it?
Okay. Yeah, I've heard of that happening. Nice. That's good. Okay. So yeah.
Pretty
store. I'm a software developer. Yeah. I developing a I don't know if it's a language technically, but it's called paga. So it's um, I don't know how to explain this kind of like, it's pretty simple development. It's pretty dragon drop kind of style, um with a lot more things that you can do with it. So like, you know like the design your own website things, it's similar to that, but there's a lot more you can do on the back end, there's a lot more capabilities with it. So
Yeah. And I just started doing that about two years ago before that I was special education teacher. Oh
nice. Cool. Cool. Yeah, I did that for a couple of years and I was like, I need to make more money.
You
know, I got a wife and I had three kids at the time and I'm like, oh man, I gotta I this isn't paying the bills. So
went into software development, I'm doing quite a bit better now so
what do you do?
Go
Heck.
Yeah, that's sweet. Yeah. Very cool. What school are you going to?
Okay, don't worry. That's at, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, I went to BYU Idaho. Yeah. Pretty good times up there in a frozen wastelands of Idaho, so called Mhm.
pretty far north. Mhm. It's very flat there though. Right? Uh huh.
Yeah, I'm originally from Utah, so lots of mountains.
Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Living in Nebraska, that's going to be very different.
so you just out there for school or just continue
your education?
Yeah, for real man. Yeah, I look back on that and I'm like, that would have been kind of nice. I think it's just everything online.
I think keeping track of everything would have been harder because I
remember like some teachers were like, this is when it's to make sure you write this down and I took a few online courses and they're just like, oh, it's on this, so it's on line somewhere, it will tell you that it's due, and I'm like, well where like how do I find this assignment? So. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah,
I can see it going
bottle is
Yeah. I bet you got a few snow days in colorado. Nice.
Like that. Yeah. I think I don't think I ever had in the snow days, but we'd get lots of snow. My school district was just very, they're like, no, you can still get here, so.
that's nice.
Cool, cool. So you just do prolific studies for like fund money or
uh That makes sense. It
is how I make all my fun money. This is my money, that's just for me, my wife has her account, she does hers for money that's just for her and
we get all over fund money and then all the other money goes to paying bills and feeding the kids and all that stuff. Mhm.
are expensive
for uh oh
man,
yeah, um I really just love working with the, with the kids getting to help
them succeed um anytime that they understood something, you know, when you're teaching, it's like this is how it works, is how it works and like 90% of time, it's like and then when it sticks it's just like ah yes, like it's just it's such an amazing feeling, so I really loved it, but I just didn't pay the bills.
Right, exactly, and we need really good educators too, Yeah, yeah,
development
pays more
money,
Development pays more money, so
yeah,
that's true, I think, I think of the two, I think I would prefer being a paramedic, thank you. Probably get to know people better. It's a nurse like be a part of somebody's life. But I feel like it would almost be more depending on who the patient is. It could be more of a struggle like because I know there are some patients out there or pain to work with. Yeah
I have
a sister who's a C. M. T. Or something like that and she she said most of her patients are really good. Think they're really nice and everything but some of them are just stubborn. I just don't want to do anything you need to get them to do and okay. Yeah. Yeah
so
E. M. T. You're like hey nice to meet you let's get you to the hospital. Right
that's true.
Oh man that's true I don't even think of that so yeah if they don't want to go to the hospital they have to like sign like release or what?
interesting. Yeah.
Shoot.
Does that happen very often?
Uh huh. And is that does
that
there's no charge if that happens, they don't
charge
them.
my
gosh
wow. That's an abuse of the system. Good grief. Yeah. Yeah, that's rough. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well thanks.
So
you're gonna have to work with a lot of blood and all that fun stuff, aren't you? That's tough enough.
No.
shoot.
you're like we got this we can we can take care of it. Oh jeez, that's crazy. All right. Yeah. I don't know. I thought about going into the medical field and I'm like I don't really like blood that much. I think I'm okay without doing that.
No.
for real. Yeah. I actually,
I graduated with a degree in psychology thinking yeah I want to be a psychologist and all this stuff and I'm like wow psychologists, all they do is write books and papers and fill out paperwork and forms and I'm like no that's that's not what I want to do, that's
why I gotta teach her job and then I'm like wow that doesn't get enough money. So.
that's one nice thing about our society today is it's very forgiving if you decide you want to change your life career because I
mean
Hang that's cool. Yeah
this witness. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh.
Um All over. Um
I mean it depends on
how much time we have, depends on if we're hunting or not. Um Because my family is really big into hunting so if we're going hunting we got to go out where where we would permit is for um if it's just like a weekend trip will just go right up the canyon, it's 10 15 minutes away from our house, so
yeah that's super nice. Mhm.
Oh jeez, that's quite a trip to go camping.
there's uh I feel yeah we had we went down, we went and visited family for the weekend a couple weekends ago because we're just like we have to get out of the house like I can't
do this anymore so when you visit our parents and spend time with them for a
little
it's always good. Okay
Yeah that's
good.
Old people need visiting. I feel like they're more lonely than anybody. Yeah.
cow. Yeah that is old goodness.
Dick.
that's sad. Especially into like just with the way our society is like, I don't feel like this is like the whole corona thing is affecting young people as much where they have social media and everything. But old people like they, they're not on social media there just like wanting to see their friends and stuff and they can't do it rough. Mhm.
that's good. Yeah, that's good.
What? Because old people get lonely? Mhm.
All right. That's yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, cool.
What
news
have you been listening to grandpa? Yeah, that sounds a little a little too intense. Mhm. Mhm.
That's funny. Thank you.
It's going really well. It's definitely different not being able to like just turn my chair around and be like, hey, how do I do this or are you working on that or um what do you need from me? I have to like send emails or get on a Skype call or something, but it's not a lot different, I mean my entire job can be done anywhere, there's internet so it's not
super
yeah, for real
as long as I have internet access, I'm good, so yeah, it's been nice, it's a little difficult with kids running around too, but
I'm like I'm in a meeting, you can't be in here right now, and they're like why not get
out of here? Yeah, Yeah.
jeez,
out of town, that's out of the country, that's off the continent,
Yeah, for real. Holy
crap,
yeah, geez louise, that's intense,
don't scare the crap out of me. Yeah,
jeez,
that's what uh I went to china, I'm leaving town for a few days, okay, he's off to china. My goodness, Yeah, that's that's that's stretching the truth for sure.
Should I bear. So you just find out it was like when he got back or
when did you
know?
Oh my gosh, Yeah, that would freak me out. Mhm.
Yeah.
grandpa just comes walking in and you're like, hello? Um
What?
my
Good grease. That's ralph.
That has to be the day that he falls going. Yeah, I hope they paid you well enough in that job because that sounds intense.
Oh, that's good. Uh huh.
So you're living back home now, are you
Oh, that's good. Good to be with family. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I know about that. Okay.
Check that. That's right.
Mhm. Yeah, I I don't think I ever really did that. Why? I mean, I did, I moved away and then move back for like a few months. But my parents were just like whatever. As long as we know where you're at. I don't go do whatever you want. I'll say okay. Something. So
it was nice. They were pretty chill. Not like my wife's parents because we were dating while I was living at home and she was living at home too. And she had gone to a semester of college and come back mm.
And her dad was just like, you need to be home at 10 o'clock tonight. I'm like, what? That act like she's a grown woman. Like he's been
to
college
and
everything.
Like
you're like, well, you clearly don't know what I was doing. Well, I was at college because Well, that's funny.
That's funny. I bet that's pretty easy to do though. Nebraska.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. If you don't have Gps on your phone you're done for
that's funny, man. You don't want to get lost. That's for sure. Especially in the mountains going to be really dangerous. Yeah,
dogs are like, I want to get out of the car and you're like, word on the wrong way, that's for me. Cool,
Cool. Mhm.
Nice.
So you just have the one brother?
Yeah, I come from a big family. I've got an older brother and I have two biological sisters. They are younger and three adopted sisters. The younger. Yeah.
my wife comes from a family of eight kids, so Yeah,
she's the oldest and then she has six little brothers and a little sister. So yeah, whenever we go over there, it's pretty crazy at their house. Mhm.
For real. I know, I know what you're talking about, I have four kids and I'm like that's enough for is plenty.
Well.
can't make anyone happy because you're trying to make all of them happy and Mhm. Yeah,
it gets crazy.
We have three boys and a girl so our little princesses spoil drawn, yep. Yeah, she's in my little sweetheart, she's a cutie.
And they got three boys to terrorize the house. Yeah,
they tear it up. Pretty good help.
Um I played a few things, I played a tennis um soccer and then I did a bunch of I was more in acting so I did a bunch of plays and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. What about you? Yeah.
That's
nice.
Yeah, I've heard that's like field hockey and lacrosse are pretty like rough and tumble. What kind of sports? Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm
Oh my gosh.
Well that's
not fun.
Like on purpose or accident.
that's good.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, that would hurt How
the
other one happened.
cheese. Mhm. Yeah, that's not fun.
I was
actually
going to play, I was going to play football and my my older brother was playing and he like he got a really bad concussion and I'm like, I'm not going to play football anymore, like I'm done.
What?
Uh to be big right? Especially football players, they get huge. I remember
going to
the I went to one of the football training camps because like I was like, yeah, I'm going to play football and like there's this guy and he was like six ft something And weighed like £300 and like this guy is huge, like, how is this kid in high school? And but it was like, this is my senior year, I'm like, holy crap, you're huge,
like, no, I don't need to play football, I'm good, so.
Mhm. Okay.
Um I like watching football, tennis, basketball every once in a while. I'm not a huge fan of basketball, but
What about you?
NFL or college?
Nothing. Yeah. My brother is super into college. I don't, I don't get it. I prefer the NFL, but he's way into college. I'm like, okay,
whatever
he went to. Uh just uh thank you, be you. Yeah, he just Utah Valley University, just a low rinky dink school, but he really routes for the Utes, Utah utes, so
yeah. Nice.
I'll do it. Yeah, Cool.
I know Already. Well, I think it's been 25 minutes. It was really nice meeting, you know, woman?
Hey, we'll, we'll talk to you later.