Hey how are you?
I'm pretty good. What's your name?
Hey Kenneth. I'm bess.
Yes B. E. S. S.
Yeah you too.
It's my second.
that's cool. Have they all been like close together or have they been spread out?
has the experience been like? Mhm.
that's cool. Where are you from?
I'm
from
Georgia.
Yeah still pretty warm. It I'm actually
on vacation right now so I'm at the beach so it's quite your. Yeah. Yeah
yeah definitely not definitely not. It'll probably be like hot at Halloween.
Mhm. So what do you do?
It's good timing. Yeah.
You like code like development? Okay.
Um I work in like child welfare, social work flight government, state agency. Child welfare. Yeah so
it,
well so like I started I've been with my agency or in the field um like nine years so I started out like kind of front line I guess you know go out knock on people's doors and investigate kind of stuff. Um And then I moved up to a supervisor and now I'm the director of my county office, so less like fieldwork, hands on stuff and more people management and a little bit of that stuff and you know handling problems and building relationships and that kind of stuff so.
Yeah. Um Yeah we've been teleworking since March, which is, it's a really weird field to try to make remote, yeah
I guess you know at least you're you're in a field that is more remote friendly. My husband's in, well he was he did like a like a tech company in Atlanta. Um and then he was out of work in january and spent a lot of time looking for remote jobs in the tech industry. So there's a lot out there so hopefully you'll kind of like,
yeah, like what, it's not really, my clearly I'm very different field from what he is and what you are, but uh what, what languages do you program it?
Okay. I'm vaguely, I mean I don't know anything about coding, but uh, you know, he has, it wants to learn more of the developer side of things and python is like the coding language he would like to learn. So
there. Cool, so you live alone, you live with other people,
How long would that, could you commute, How long is that from you?
Oh,
what,
Um well obviously have my husband and then we have three Children, all
girls and their seven and 5 and one, so that's our household composition. It's kind of loud and crazy and chaotic usually.
Yeah. So my my two older our school system, initially they were going to do like virtual option, but then the school board changed that plan a little bit before school started and decided to do virtual only. So um they've been doing virtual, we have like a learning like a pod style learning group at our house because um I don't know how to come up with something and I'm teleworking and I have my youngest child and then both of them have school. So my mom is a retired teacher, so she came over every day and we had like 14 kids including my at my house every day doing their online stuff. Um but we're on fall break right now and when we go back, they decided to do, you can return if you want to or you can continue virtual. So they're going to go back in person after this week.
Yeah. It's interesting like applying kindergarten to online virtual
stuff, but they do everything through google, meet google classroom, so it's fairly easy for us to figure out,
come on.
It's interesting to see kind of how they progressed from when the very, when the very first started to, you know, just this last week, my older child is in second grade and we had several second graders in our pod and they definitely most of them, which my child is pretty bright and most of the kids, we had our pretty sharp. Um So they kind of figured it out, you know, they got pretty good kind of had, you know, expectations and rules and make sure you mute your mic, so they're not all talking over each other and it got much more efficient I think as it went along. Yeah.
There's a couple things like we're planning to do, we went to the beach yesterday today we went um to like pull on the playground. Um I kind of mostly just that going out to eat shell kind of stuff. A dog or a cat. Uh huh.
What's
your dog's
that's okay. Go for it. Mhm. Yeah.
What's her name
molly?
Well it's just coming back. Um
we have two dogs and two cats so I get
it.
Um We have I don't know if she's are my dog lux is just like a but I don't know maybe like Pitbull rhodesian ridgeback near dogs. Really pretty. Um And then we have like a £5 yorkie. They're
they're a fun little duo. Yeah.
More keys. I'm working Mindy. So you play guitar? There's yours mm.
Well you know I'll
take them. Right. That's cool. Do you like are you in a band you play with other people or you just,
The market is just like full of guitar players. So what kind of music are you into?
Okay. What do you like to listen to? Like what are your favorite bands?
Every
that's
All right.
Um Well it always get someone else when people are like I like everything because I think that's I don't know not true so I don't
like everything. Uh I grew up on like mainstream country music and I still listen to a good bit of country but then I just like other other things like um you're listening to cohesion Cambria. Okay well it's kind of like progressive rock kind of mentally I'm not really good genres. Um But you should look them up, they're
Co heat and Cambria.
Co C. O. H. E. D. In Cambria.
the singer has like the most fabulous hair. It's like this big uh Yeah they also have like uh kind of comic books, graphic novels that go with their albums that the singer writes the stories for. So that's
kind of different, interesting. Um So I really like that um There's a band called ludo that's not super popular and they really weren't even together, have you ever heard of them? Okay, so they're like, I don't know, it's been like maybe Like when I was in college which was 32 now, so how do you know 10 years ago? Um they were kind of big then big ish. Um Then they haven't really been a thing anymore and then a couple years ago they started doing these like, yeah Halloween reunion shows, needed them for like two years in a row, and like they're from ST louis so they do it in ST louis and people come there really kind of weird, I don't know how to how to exploit their kind
of
Yeah, like uh that's kind of funny and fantastical and just um I am kind of spooky in a fun way and it's hard to explain. But we went, my husband and I went last year to ST louis um for their they call it how ludo, wayne ludo, Halloween. Um little concert weekend and they had three shows last year and they had a different theme um and the one that we went to was like an eighties prom themed concerts, everybody dressed in tacky eighties kind of prom stuff. Um And they seemed the whole show as if it was a prom and then there's like, plot. It's kind of a lot, but look them up because they're they're a good time to
ludo L. U. D. O.
yeah, it's kind of weird stuff, but I don't have any musical talent, like I played piano as a child and I hated it. Yeah,
hated it. It was like pulling teeth. Um But I really enjoy music like very and it's like, I always have a song in my head like, at all times whether I'm
conscious of it or not,
and yeah. Yeah, like I just if I'm in the car, I have to have music, I do listen to podcast sometimes, but I don't know, I'm just, my husband doesn't mean he hasn't dislike music. He just doesn't like music, which is the only person I've ever met like that.
Like who
does that? Like? I know right. It's like he doesn't understand it, like it doesn't it does nothing for him. And even if I'm like, oh adam you need to listen to the song is really good. He'll like forget that he's supposed to be listening to it like part way room, want to start it over because I know he just like turns it out, it's strange. Um But you don't have any musical talent, I'd say. I wouldn't say mm
Yeah, I think I don't know, I think musical talent is something you have to be like predisposed to almost and I don't I don't know that I I am. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah, that's my um I chatted with somebody yesterday for my first chat and I think she also maybe had a guitar in the background. Uh but we didn't talk about it so I don't know, it feels hers or somebody else's. Mhm
Um I don't know, it all just runs together just like time, it's like on a different wavelength. Um Yeah, I mean just like working from home and juggling my girls school and let me go to the gym still, so you know, that's good. I've been able to not have commute time so I've got more time to do other things, so that's kind of nice.
In some ways, yeah. So um you're in tv her movies?
Okay. My seven year old has recently gotten really into that.
Oh.
Yeah,
Yeah, I said, like I said, she's like super into it all of a sudden and we have to decide who in our family is what kind of bender. But I don't, I haven't watched it and I don't like I think maybe I would like the the content but I don't know what it is about anything anime or anime ish style animation but it just does not work for me, like I just can't do it. My husband likes it but it's not for me.
maybe I could get past it. I don't know. What else do you watch or have you watched?
Um We started Game of Thrones um but then we've kind of been off of it for like a month or so because my husband started a new job and it's been less than we haven't had as much time to do things like watch tv but we had started Game of Thrones. Um I don't know I like to binge things. Netflix kind of stuff about Sherlock.
It's
good.
Sure looks really good. Uh Yeah I know a lot of things I like I like tv I don't watch as many movies um but I do like to to binge some tv when I can.
That's
I
don't
know
what
happened.
don't know how it ends in downtown.
Yeah I definitely saw the sentiment that people were just outrage. Yeah. Yeah I feel like we're like really late to get on the game of Thrones bus. But my husband's listened to all the the audio books for all the books so he kind of knows where things are going for a lot of it and I'm just kind of going in blind.
then we just we just forget how the show ended and we'll just go with whatever George comes up with. Yeah this certainly the other shows um watched fleabag on Prime I think it's on Prime.
No it's only two seasons and like I thought I wasn't going to like it but like 15 seconds into the first episode and we were like this is fabulous and it was so good, so good. Um It's kind of a quirky dark comedy kind of thing. Um Yeah I don't know trying to think what else like a million things probably, but it's not as much lately to what other hobbies do you have?
it's
Yeah.
Just
right for the Mhm.
That's pretty
committed.
You're willing to try greed.
it's kind of a delayed gratification sort of hobby there
usually.
Yeah my cousin's husband got into that and I think initially he was making mostly wine and then at some point I think he started just making a lot of kombucha so. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know the idea just sounds gross to me like I've never tried it because I just feel like it was just tastes terrible so I'm the same like it's just kind of this thing I'm vaguely aware of. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. That's cool. Those are interesting. Quarantine hobbies to pick up.
makes
me like sour like can I get yourself right,
it
was good.
You mean
Let me need this one.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where are you know?
Yeah. I don't know I guess maybe because there was that initial like can't find what you need at the grocery store, you know apocalyptic kind of vibe. And so everybody started getting into you know old school self sustaining kinds of hobbies. Yeah,
I didn't I didn't try to make any bread but yeah sour dough has been a thing and then everybody's making that coffee like you like, whip it and it's frothy. I don't even know if that's called, Have you seen that online? Everybody's Yeah.
Oh no, I mean it's I don't know, they like stir it for like some exorbitant amount of time and it like almost becomes like fluffy.
I don't know, I don't know what it's called, but I've seen that being
kind of trendy food stuff.
I'm doing that stuff. Oh
definitely made some banana bread mostly it's because like be by bananas and then nobody eats the bananas and then I don't want to waste so make banana bread, but my girls really like it, so it works out well.
Go do you do a lot of cooking just in general?
it's nice thing. I like do stuff together. Yeah.
We do a lot of like um like subscription box kind of meal kit delivery things. Um Like Hello Fresh usually. Hello Fresh and blue apron. Um And then we found every plate which is like cheaper and just as good, so we pretty much do that now. Can we get like three meals a week from that I missed? We just get to like to feed to like me and my husband and we just pick something else for the kids because they don't always want to eat whatever we're eating. Um Well that's been really fun. I feel like it gives us like variety instead of just making like the same few go with what, you know, kind of things living
in that for several years though.
Well
if you want to go with the cheaper option, I'd recommend every plate. Yeah.
Sprinkle yeah. What else? What else? What's um so like the people that you've talked to? Has it been like a lot of variety and the kinds of people like it there? How do they, is it just random? Do you think how they pair people up or is there some?
It's just been kind of all over the place the people you compared with. Okay. I thought because the one I did yesterday, my first one um we were like very similar. Like
I'm 32 and she was 33 and we're both like white women in the southeast with kids. Like it just felt very like OK maybe they try to match people as identically as they can, but then you are more different. So I don't know. There went my hypothesis. How long? Human new prolific.
one month then I heard
about it on reddit and was like if this should be fun.
What all do you like on Reddit? What are you into and read it? Such a vast wonderland?
What games are you in here? Mhm.
that's
Um lately I've gotten really into our skincare addiction um because I don't know, I've had like face issues lately and so I've been like I'm going to learn how to like really and like its comprehensive, there's a lot on their uh so I've been doing that a good bit um and then just kind of like a bunch of the just regular stuff that it pre loads. Um I follow like the mid century modern so I read it
okay. I don't know, it's you know like mid century like furniture and architecture and housewares and art and things because I'm into that anyway. Um
Yeah,
lately there's have kind of been but I peru's
Yeah. Yeah. I know. It's like very personalize double I guess.
Sometimes
you have to and other people have weighed in.
Yeah. Yeah. I felt like lots of internet search results are going to be very like sponsored, but if you're right red, it's more Yeah. I guess crowdsourced information. Yeah. Oh, cool.
Yeah.
All right. Yeah.
I think
we probably have we hit her 25 minutes probably. Okay. No. Well, cool. I'm
you
to Kenneth. It's been a fun conversation
with.
We're a job search.
Yeah. You'll find something before.
Yeah. I know. That's a hard game. The job hunt work. Yeah.
All right. We'll take care.
All right. Bye.