Hello?
Good. Are you
Kenneth
best?
Uh huh. Nice to meet you.
Is this your first time doing one of these?
Second base? Fifth time?
The first two were a couple weeks ago and then they messaged me again so I've been doing a couple again. Yeah,
I think it's pretty interesting. Um Meeting random people talking to. Uh huh.
I'm from Long Island. What
are
you
Georgia? It's a store warm ish
course.
It just got like super cold here in the past couple of days, Everything.
Mhm. That's nice. Yeah.
Uh right now I just graduated from college at the start of the year, like right before Covid and everything. Um So I'm still looking for work. But
I was a school for computer Engineering. We're looking for like software jobs type stuff.
What are you?
Do you work
with kids like directory?
hm. It's interesting.
like it.
fingers crossed.
Uh mainly like C plus plus and python. Um Yeah, in college I had some co ops which are like internships um and that is the stuff we used there. Uh So
Yeah, it's really popular.
Uh Yeah, right now I'm staying with my parents after college, but uh I think I'm on Long Island right now and a lot of jobs are in like new york city and stuff. Um So I might end up going to the city. Yeah.
It's funny they say is uh I forget the exact numbers of like distance. It's like a couple of miles and then time it's like five hours and like um so yeah, probably look to live somewhere in like queens. Um
because I'm in the middle of Long Island, so it
would be too far for commuting. Yeah. What about you?
List?
Have they been doing like online classes?
Hm Please.
Four.
Mm. Imagine it would be hard for a teacher
to coordinate a bunch of young kids or community.
So you have plans for the vacation or just relaxing by the beach?
Small dog.
I think she
uh I gotta let her out. She insisted on coming in here.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh if I keep my door closed, she scratches at it to come in and then she comes in, she got to go out. He's policy like that
molly.
And I have another dog koda.
Yeah.
Please.
What kind of dogs?
We're
Of of they're both the same breed maltese yorkie mix. More keys.
Have three guitars. one is like electric, acoustic, electric and acoustic guitar but um I only actually got one of them for myself. The other two were my mom and my brother both used to play but then they stopped so they gave it to me
Dick.
Uh Yeah I just do self taught of I remember in high school all of my friends started a band but there are so many guitar players already so
Uh for guitar I do a lot of classical like finger picking style. Um Haven't done as much with the electric guitar.
Yeah. Um I listened to a lot of like random stuff online, like
they usually
can't find them on Spotify and stuff, it's like SoundCloud. Um It was genres like lo fi hip hop um stuff like that.
What do you listen to?
If
Cody and
cokie.
Mhm. Pick them out. Oh.
Good.
lot
of musicians are,
and I was called
The Media after. Uh huh.
hmm.
No,
three.
Yeah, it's
rare.
Yeah, it was tough. I tried to learn piano at one point but I could never get the coordination like both hands.
Mhm
what else have you been doing the past? The quarantine time?
Yeah, it's one of the nice things about the remote kind of hope that like sticks after. Yeah.
Um I remember watching a lot recently uh I watched avatar, The Last Airbender.
mm Yeah I watched it like probably six times over. It's one of my favorite shows. Um I think I got popular again because the netflix picked it up. Um But
we convinced uh
have three siblings, two older brothers and one younger sister and we all love the show and we finally convinced my parents to watch it too and they really liked it so I definitely recommend it.
Yeah my parents off the same way but when it's called My Daughter
um we're watching Enemy uh so um some popular show is Attack on titan, my hero, academia like superhero kind of Germans, what are you?
I've seen episodes my parents are watching it, not
all of
it
I never watched
Game of Thrones but everyone else in my family did and I know they had the same
reaction
as
a lot of people
online to like the whole
ending. Uh
I don't know either.
mm Yeah they're still waiting on the authors a horse, like the real ending. Mhm.
Third of it?
uh because I have a lot of free time with like quarantine and stuff. Um I've been looking into wed crafting is one of them um Like I oh I have this that I made before
the school and I wanted to make a uh an ocarina which is like a wind instrument, but it's proving to be a lot more difficult than I thought um Because
you
have to
Uh Unlike my third attempt at making one um
I asked
her,
Um also made, I started doing home brew. Um I brought a beer kit and a wine kit that I haven't gotten to try them out yet. It takes like a month for each of them, but
yeah, but I'd
be interested to see how it comes out and then you get to like test things by making adjustments, suiting them to how you like. It would be interesting
I always hear about computer, I don't really know like what it is.
Uh huh.
There and it's gotten really popular online but with baking during quarantine um I made my own bread with like flowers I
mean
I wonder
what
yeah, it came out pretty good. She's crying again. Such
a she's such
Yeah Maui, you were all right.
Yeah, she's bossy. Uh Yeah, it came out pretty good. Um I wonder what it is about quarantine that makes everyone want to make bread.
Mhm.
Like a lot to kind of.
Hm
Dinner.
Never heard of that. Um
Mhm. Banana bread is another big one.
please.
Um mm I think my family mainly does like we'll cook once or twice a week and uh sort of a big family, it's me have three siblings and my parents we kind of do like a factory line of just like chopping vegetables and everything.
But uh not so much the every time I see recipes online it's more like specific or refined kind of steps.
hm.
Yeah, I was interested in tricking those out at one point. Sounds good I
think.
Mm.
That was one of the things I was wondering too is like if there's any specific uh thing they're looking for when matching people. But yeah, I don't know. I feel like uh a lot of the people I've talked to we're in kind of like a similar situation as I am like looking for work because of covid and then prolific has like studies and stuff, but uh yeah, I don't know how they pair people.
Hm
Yeah. Uh about three or 4 months. Uh
one month.
uh He's read it. Yeah, the same sleep.
Uh I use separate livestream fails a lot. I watch twitch streamers. Um so it's like video game content and stuff.
I was just looking at getting a VR game, I have a VR headset. Um it's a VR horror game and I usually don't play hard games, but I feel like I got to try the virtual reality experience at least once. So yeah,
What's the credits do you go on?
I never heard of that one.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. That's cool. That's what's nice about read it. It's like can specify whatever subreddit is you want.
Yeah. I found that like any time I'm looking for opinions on stuff I always add like reddit to the google surface because mhm. I
trust,
yeah, I trust like people voting and commenting rather than like one article about like recommending stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think we're
it's nice meeting
you.
Yeah. Best of
luck.
Thank you.
Keep it up.
Which?
Thank you. You too.