Hello?
Uh Not a whole lot. What's going on with you?
Great.
Uh just got off stream myself,
What is it?
Don't force it. Just get it in there. Yeah.
Ready humor you built?
No, I've been pretty preoccupied with streaming side of things, so
Um just a variety
of different games and stuff. So
first
Brown,
yeah, a lot of people are getting those. I can't afford one myself or the games for it, so
around
eating.
I
pretty
much, um, for the most part I do. Uh, sometimes stream, um, some of the other systems, um, PS four PS three PS two and so on. But mostly pc.
What?
that's the oldest so far. Well, I guess I've done the superintendent before, but
I don't, yep.
Yeah, there, there's pretty good. I mean, I've been doing it for about six months now.
Yeah, yeah. I'm not sure on that one. However, I am focusing on getting the community built up and so far and that, that's been gone pretty recently. Right?
So bread.
trying.
well mixers shut down back in june and
most
of those either went back to twitch or went to facebook gaming, which as a platform, a lot of people don't trust facebook and don't want to use facebook. So even though a lot of people are having success with it, a lot of people I know will not touch it just on the basis that it's facebook. And basically
Mixer partners were offered a chance to go be partners immediately without any questions asked based on facebook. But I don't know how many of them actually went. A lot of them returned to question. A few of them went to Youtube right, Because
Youtube gaming is also a thing where they do live streaming. But um, none of these platforms really are made to be found except for like facebook, but you're gonna get a mixed audience over there. So I pretty much settled on twitter because if you're going to twitch, you pretty much know what you're looking for in terms of um you're there for the gamers or you're there for like the chatting segments and stuff,
that kind
of thing.
Um For the most part switch has locked down on the music. A lot a lot of people got a bunch of notices and videos removed recently um for playing music in the background, but I don't do that anyways, I don't think it's smart for people to be doing that. But yeah, if I play music
in the background, it doesn't go to the stream, I have it where it's a separate sound channel that they don't get
so I've done that, but I won't play it on the stream. Okay. I I just I don't know why anyone would, it's like you're just asking for trouble when you do that.
These days um paladins or Warcraft um I've played a lot of Call of Duty, Modern Warfare, some Black Ops that just came out. Um Let's see um Final Fantasy 14, I've played midnight club, I've played burnout three um
Elder
scrolls
online. Yeah I mean I play percent of four trolls are cold still um Smite occasionally. Um Fall guys. Um
So among us it's just whatever, I feel like I have a PhD I float around.
I'm
basically
the
true definition
variety stream or so.
I can't really play fallout. It gives me like it makes me feel nauseous
and just sick feeling and beyond that Open World Games period make me like put off because there's just too much and there's no direction, so I just haven't been able to really do that. That in Battle Royale. Oh no, I hate that single death crap.
Lot of people love these battle Royale Games. I'm like, yeah, you, you work across the map for 10 minutes, gathering all this crap and you die and you're done. What was the point
In that
10 minutes I could have died and had fun about Between one
and 20 times and call of duty on like the team, Deathmatch and had more fun.
You're
on, you're on PS five. Otherwise I mentioned that we're doing a giveaway for that game. Actually, funny enough, this Saturday, but It's on the Xbox one.
As I said, you're on PS five, otherwise I mentioned that it's like, yeah,
I'm
giving away some pc games too, but that's probably the big beast of the give away again.
I
just
recently found out I've been streaming for 82 straight days without a break. However,
What
Every day for 82 straight days as of today?
And
I would say we average between like generally about 7-15 Per stream um on the average year account, but I peak all the way up to 20 sometimes.
It depends
on what I'm playing. A lot of them only come around for certain games, but
as I'm playing for, as I'm a variety stream varies because there's some that only want certain games and if I don't play their game, they don't show up and I can respect
that.
I hope they come for the community. I hope they come for other things too besides just their game. But some of them only come for that so I can't fault them for that if that's what they're wanting but yeah
so
what do you do then?
Thanks.
I don't know, I have I haven't heard anything about it. I think they just want to see how random people interact with one another and then ask us basically how each of us thought the conversation went
and
see, see see if we have counter views on how the conversation went
is
what
I think
that's what they're doing because that's the questions I've gotten after them anyways, so I'm guessing they're just trying to see what people thought of. Okay, so you thought it went well this guy says have been horrible, wow. Mhm.
I've had a few no shows. One time I was actually forced to do a no show and by force, I mean I was streaming, I was going to get off for it, and right as I was about to get off, I got hit by a raid of like 20 some
people coming in, and I was not going to shut down with new people that just came in without getting to know them and playing a little bit and going from there. So I basically missed that one because I had to stay live for another hour, hour and a half.
Um I went Modern Warfare and then switched over to uh Water Warcraft after I threw up because of some shots I had to take.
So yeah, I have I have like random stuff over there, so after that went I couldn't focus after that, so it's like, I'm just gonna go play a slower paced game, I can't do this
dr Uh huh.
No,
that would have been uh Caroline reaper hot sauce shot that came after that.
Well no that wasn't the fun time I threw up. That was the other time I went an hour after that.
Yes.
Well
it makes
you
feel any
better? I had Trinidad, scorpion pepper in there too, which is also the second hottest.
it makes you feel any better. I don't think it will. I know it didn't make me feel any better but
good.
It's cross
platform. I mean you can play with anyone on any other platform, it's
just
had it.
there's a place you might be able to get it cheaper
but and black friday is upon us, who knows?
But I said if you had Xbox I we offer that give away but it's like you don't have
Xbox
that
don't make you any good. Yeah,
so
this
is the second copy I've given away. I
gave the
first went away about four months ago.
What?
Everything basically the money that it comes in from the stream has been getting reinvested one way or another into the stream or supporting
others
see
it? I do a pretty good giveaway every month, once a month trying to get the community together. Have
fun. Give away some stuff
that kind
of thing. Regular truck
however.
But did you actually get paid for that?
it's hard
put
out.
We'll see. Yeah, but
that's the
tested
person I'm talking about remotely to test remotely. It's kind of hard to. Dude,
I used to do remote testing
for the battlefield series. I was a pretty high in tester for theirs and the better in alpha stages fort would go into public
better. But that company that was doing that shut down
and I have
not
heard
from
since.
The Battlefield which 1? Yeah.
Well the battle of five was actually the last one that came out and that one was World War two and they basically screwed the entire series with that. They put a battlefield name on it and took what made battlefield from it. They're forcing squad play in the squads as you know playing with Randall's don't work. They're not going to they're not going to work as a team
or as
All I know
is I didn't like it because you have limited ammo. You have limited health and they try to force you to work as a team and by force you to work as a team they can't allow you to work alone effectively. So they are very basically get killed. You
know this
I'm
dead three times. I just know it's not battlefield, it's not battlefield.
They
moved so far away from Yes squad play and team play is important but trying to force it upon random people, didn't it? Well
looking, I mean I lone wolf the lot or went to the proper objectives that we needed to capture and now spawning and ammo and everything is so limited that your team is going off over to who the hell knows and you need to actually go over here because you know what you're doing and you get killed and there's nothing nothing helping we just said because I was an ardent supporter and uh, promoter of the battlefield series until that one, I hope they
come back with a vengeance, but who knows
it's
and then
uh backups is a let down for me too. Um, the reason for that being is they went back on some policy changes that they had made a modern warfare, which basically bork the entire thing basically in modern warfare and hardcore mode, you kill two of your teammates accidentally or on purpose you the next time you're shooting at a teammate or you kill one of them, it hurts or kills you instead and instead of kicking you from the game and like in past games, Black
Ops will kick you after two and that's a downgrade of like epic proportions. I literally was firing over this guy's head the other day in Black Ops, he walked right in front of my gun. I shot his head and got kicked
and like that
wasn't
even my
fault.
Yeah, but what the core modes I find are with the bullet registration being a problem, you could shoot an entire clip into someone, they just stare
at you at
hardcore.
At least they know they're going to die.
and then there's less maps. There's like eight maps and I trust we haven't even seen eight. They're supposed to be eight maps of Black Ops I haven't seen eight, I don't know where this eight number comes from. Um there's like very small amount of weapons compared to modern warfare. Um The grenades take forever to throw. They like take at least probably about two seconds or so to throw which is ridiculous. I mean what soldier would take that long to freaking look at a grenade before throwing it.
Okay. I don't know that the kill streaks are worse.
Um Well it's a matter of taste is how fast the stem stem kits that you can inject yourself with to heal yourself as your tactical item. It's a little slower in Black Ops that's a kind of that's an opinion that that may be better or worse. What's fact is that the grenades being slow is garbage? What's fact is that there's less weapons and less maps? What's fact is that getting kicked because of other teammates and hardcore getting in front of your gunfire is horrible. So
I
just told
people the
other day on the street, it's like it's not preference when I'm talking about the thing, it is perfect when it comes to stim pak. That's debatable whether that's better or worse. The other items are clear downgrades and they can still fix it. They can still add maps, they can still add guns, they can change the grenade timing. They could, you know, they could fix those things, will they? I don't know but I'm back to mountain warfare for now until they figure out what they're gonna do.
because like I said, Black Ops also has a lot of bullet registration. I don't know how year after year this company on a three year release cycle. They have three different companies working on Call of Duty games. Somehow every year they bork the bullet registration on launch. How can you screw up your main functionality? The game as a shooter. And if the bullets can't register hits year after year, what are you doing to cause that that should
never
change it from engine to engine or
from
game
to game.
But they
somehow
put
I don't
know. I like your Black Ops series, usually it's my preferred. Uh
but They just ate maps. You used to get between 10 and 15 at launch and then you get some more docs. Well we're not gonna do DLC's anymore. We're also not going to tell you is that we're not gonna
release very many maps anymore either.
So used
to
you used to be able to get like 10 to 15 on launch and
then you get three every DLC up to four DLC packs and now you get maybe one every few months at
it. So, it's like, I mean, yes, I segregated community to be released in the LCS for money, but not even released near the same amount of maps even close. It's just
thing. They did that in modern warfare two. But the reason is they're focused on war zone and if
you don't
know
war
zone is
Bacon Bank and that's the free one where you can it's battle royal
and
they're
making
you're making a
ton of money on that
day.
I just don't like
to die after 10 minutes of running across the map and you're done
All
of the blood running type shit.
But yeah, I mean I was alerted the last one my team alive at one and I brought back to people only for them to go get killed and then me killed.
It's like thanks, thanks guys, I'm done.
What?
I have no idea. I know somebody's playing Demon Souls. I heard the new Spider man games pretty good, that's on
Playstation.
I don't know, I heard the Avengers one is good too. But again, you probably don't like the superhero sounds like so
no
I haven't I knew someone that really was so into that it's not even funny but I don't know
what,
I just
don't wanna go die because the move is so heavy that I Take 10 seconds to roll across
the screen.
Change
your life.
okay. Yeah there's like there's that there's there's demon souls, dark souls, dark souls to dark souls three and then there's that
other one that came out
popcorn
and now they're talking about another one coming out I think so. I don't know and then there's been some other game companies trying to make something similar now too. Then the new Assassin's creed I believe just released Valhalla
And the new Destiny two expansion hit and the Water Warcraft expansion is heading next week.
It is but not all the expansions you only get up to certain amount and then you have to buy like expansions and shit right? But you don't have to pay like to get into the game anymore and you don't have to pay monthly or anything so and the expenses they release are pretty sizable. So it's if you like the game it's pretty much worth it
with
what
you get out of them.
I
like I want to like it. It's just this story is so just all over the place.
I like the division series out too. So
it's almost like a third person. Mm Oh with like basically shooter, third person shooter. MMO basically.
I've
heard of it. It's not that old. Come on now. You're making
me feel to call that one old.
relatively to my age. Uh Yeah maybe When I
think old I think like early 2000s or 90s or something.
And then when I think classic I'm talking like early 90s, late 80s and then when I'm talking like vintage, I'm talking early 80s and seven for 70s.
People like really their escape from the seventies. Uh huh. There sure was.
And then some people think I say pong and like pong was a game, I was like Yeah but back in the 70s is also a game system. There was pong game systems, that's what they were called it. So it wasn't just a game. You'd buy a punk system that had like 15 or so different variations of pong.
It was like an entire thing.
I have
someone
by the way because I'm a collector. But
I
think
mine
has like
eight or so.
What? Xbox?
I
have an xbox one. I haven't fired it up in a while but I have one sitting here and the PlayStation four, both are sitting right there
pretty
much anything coming out
on Xbox these days on pc. Anyway. So
what is that?
Uh not really. My computer actually is from 2013. Uh
Well the computer is not powerful, it's can't run anything modern really. Um But
I remote into a different machine and use it for streaming and gaming and that's in another state, but I can basically control it over the internet and use it. Yeah. And now that one is pretty modern and up to date
she
do
put
Well, I don't have any money to buy a computer. And
What one would cost would cost more than what this one does monthly. Even if I was to pay for a computer to buy one, the monthly expenses, if I was even getting improved, which I wouldn't get approved for would cost more than just basically using my current solution. So Like two or 3 times what I'm currently paying.
Nathan, I was Nathan.
Thank
you.
Yeah, funny enough this is kind of the conversation I had last time too because they wanted my advice games and stuff like, oh, it looks like you're a streamer. Can you give me your thoughts on these games? It's like, sure.