Yeah, let's go. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Until we find the kids. I think that there are locked up. No, No. Mhm. Get in the way. Anything. Hi, can you hear me?
I'm just turning out my micah here. How are you doing
my name. My
name's chuck.
Where you, where you from, kimmy
California? I'm right on the border in Oregon. I'm on the other side. About six miles. Have you done one of these yet?
I did one earlier but he talked the whole damn time. So I didn't I didn't I was lucky. I really didn't have to do much. But I did I did get a list here of some
questions. No,
no, I looked it up. I looked it up. So
They're real simple. Like what was the last funny video you saw? You
don't
have to you don't have to know the there. Okay.
I
got 250 of those. We can go through so we can spend the whole time answering questions eventually.
We'll find something. Okay. What do you do to get rid of stress? Yeah,
I smoke a bowl.
Fair enough. Let's see her.
Works. It works. What
is something that you are obsessed with?
I
hear you right. And I'm trying to think of what I'm obsessed with. I
can't think of anything.
I
do love to cook. You
like to cook? You do, I do a lot of baking. You do maybe like dinners and whatnot or
The public
no.
You
had to prove the door or something
now.
Yeah. I like, I like, I like to do a lot of baking. I'm not really like a chef for, you know, I don't do a lot of main course, but I do love my crispies and cinnamon rolls and whatnot.
I
honestly can say I've never made a sugar cookie. It
seems like
the
east.
That's
probably
because I like some something with more meat to it, like, you know, chocolate or something. And chuck's something
all
I just, I
just did,
I just did cookies a couple of days ago. They came up, they were told the house that I used a recipe that came out great. But I can only eat so many. Thank
thank God I got roommates. What
is your favorite number and why? Yeah,
it either. I mean, isn't everybody seven or something like that or
I'm
not gonna. That's just one. It's too personal. Mm.
What's
the most useful thing you own? Yeah,
I guess that's what you want, a
good,
good answer. It's a great answer.
Everything.
What did we do before this? Okay. What is your favorite way to waste time besides this? Mhm.
Let's get
an answer. I
just
surf
the web. That's how I waste my time.
Certainly for answers for questions that I don't need answers to.
Do you have any tattoos?
No, I got one. Just my last name.
I didn't go all crazy with tattoos. Do you have any pets? And what are their names?
I have a dog named Cleo and she's half coyote. Yeah.
We lived on a ranch with a her mom and we had no other dogs and lots of coyotes.
I love, I love living on a farm when I did except for feeding the animals every damn morning.
they're a little much. Uh they take up too much of your time. You just gotta walk pants.
I've
done that job plenty of times. I've worked on lots of farms. I've probably worked on at least over a dozen different farms. I grew up in a rural town, junction city. I doubt you really know where it is. It's north Eugene, but it's all
farmland. It's all like week. So that's what, that's what you did in the summers as a kid, you wouldn't work in the fields or whatever.
Were
you born in California? I
was
I
was born in Montana,
then moved here when I was about one. My dad was in the Air Force, so I was born there. Where'd you go last weekend? What did you do last weekend
around on my ass and watch football? Actually I did harvest, it's harvest season. So we were harvesting, but we'll save that for another day. What is something popular that annoys the hell out of? You know what
I
like you already. I like
you, I
like you like you were already, we're on the same page.
I'm
like,
it does. We have very similar views. Then I grew up with you found evangelical church. Well
you're,
you
did this, you decided for yourself to join. No interesting. Really? That's not how it works. Usually you're brought up in it.
yeah. Yeah. Right now it feels like, you know, Christianity doesn't, it seems like it's under attack in this country.
Well
look
at
look
at the Supreme Court nominee. You know, she can't even say she's a catholic. That's pretty sad.
Studies available on new studies on prolific. What was that? What do you do on your last vacation?
Anything interesting? There you just go camp out, hang
out.
Last time, last vacation I took was very short one up to Mercer Island. It was two days and I went up to the Mariners game. I was the first time I've ever been to a professional baseball game. I'm not a baseball fan. So it was,
it wasn't something that was high on my bucket list. But I was working up working up there a couple months ago on that owners told me that they were going to have tickets and if I wanted to go see what we can hold them. So that's what I did,
it actually was pretty cool. I mean it was a game that didn't mean anything. So that the crowd, there were no crowd there.
that's
I was, uh, I was addicted
to going
to the Oregon ducks game there for a few years. I just had to be at every damn game.
But
I stopped drinking. So I kind of grew out of that. I didn't have any choice in that. My liver shit down. Yeah,
that's what people do themselves. Huh?
Stupid shit. But
you had intro music? What song would it be?
What
were you really into as a kid?
So
like every year you decided you wanted to be something
else
that was big into sports when I was a kid, I played every damn support just a way to get out of the house. Because home with more and especially
in a religious household, everything was non secular, everything. I couldn't watch anything as a kid because it was secular.
I mean
Scooby doo you
know, it's the great satan. Yeah,
it was pretty bad.
Yeah. Yeah. Evangelicals definitely have a view on everybody.
I've been I went to one uh I got to tell this story, I went to a church and it was uh I don't know, I kind of think that they're called presbyterians, the ones that they roll around in the aisles, Have you seen those?
Oh my God, it was insane. I was dating this girl and her family was really, really religious and I wasn't, at the time I was moving
away from religion and so, but I had to go to the church if I wanted to keep dating her. So I I went there and they're doing the whole thing and everybody around me, beside me in front of me, all turned towards me and put their hands on me and started speaking in tongues.
I
love the woman and said, I never want to see you again. I didn't ever wanted to see her again after that because I do. But that was the life that she had chosen, I don't want nothing to do with that.
I felt
like I felt like the whole crowd thought it was satan or something, you know what I mean? It was
like,
it was, it was scary.
what
it is. They want, they want to go look
at
me
in the church, that's what they want. But I
had a problem with that speaking in tongues and I asked, my dad was really religious and I asked him one time why, you know why certain churches, especially after that, you know, I asked them why they did that or why they all spoke in tongues and he said to me that it's because they can't they can't admit it to God or something like that. So God, they speak to him in a tongue. It's, I just was like, it was like they can't tell the truth so they have to say it in a tongue or something
like that. Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Well obviously
they didn't get the translation because there were around in the
what?
Actually you brought something that I thought that I never really thought about before. That's that's it.
Just
never
even, you know, I never even thought that it was that simple. Yeah.
I'm God speaking for me.
what do we got here if you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Hey, we got eight minutes left. Make it happen.
Yeah, I know it is
Like
one kind of thing or
Good
night
yet.
because people come up with some crazy stuff especially and they, you know like especially they had a place to sell it. They could, you know, you could probably get a side business going just doing that for people
in the
dad,
that's right,
I have no money
left.
Is it all like this like one time period or
mine
would probably be a painting company because that's what I know how to do. I've done that for decades. Let's see. Your favorite entertainer, comedian, musician, actor.
I would say Denzel Washington's mind, he's the best. Are you very are you very organized? I'm gonna take a wild guess and say yes. Really?
I
didn't, I didn't make mine
notice the camera's pointed up. Yeah,
yeah. I'm not uh I have way too much stuff in my room, let's just put it that way.
I know where everything is way
that's that's what I've heard and I've I've stuck to that one. Reaching my parents tried to tell me I needed to clean my room, look at me now, what's a controversial opinion you have? This should be fun. Mhm. I think we
already discussed it probably.
Yeah, all the dogma, there's got to be something in
there.
Good
luck these days.
sisters. He said
don't forget
to
write
the headline. Would be mother.
So
you go to school or something or you just like in a
printed
I think.
You're
not cut out for this.
Do nuns have to get up early
strict
but
boy.
I was not aware of that.
We'll probably make a lot of sense. I want to hospitals have a lot of catholic names and whatnot. I've noticed providence,
that kind of thing. You know.
There you go.
I need you.
that's that's one of those ones I feel good about I donate them to but it
looks like
I think we're at 25 minutes. It
pleasure talking to you though. I
That's
that's the luck on near whatever you're doing.
I
will
give a good one.