Yes, I can hear you. The point. You can hear me.
I'm doing good.
brother,
I'm kimmy.
California.
Yeah, I have a long time ago. It feels like
Hi,
what? They never give me those?
God, you got you. Yeah.
I don't remember. How are
you?
Yeah, no, I got it. I was like, wow. I was like,
washing.
I'm sure we'll like probably go down like a rabbit hole of something and eventually, but
Probably just play, I play video games. Yeah,
Fair enough.
Mhm. That is that is a good way.
definitely.
Yeah. Um I don't think I can say anything because I kind of flipped between things a lot. I'm like, oh, I like this, so I like that are doing this and
that. So
cooking,
cooking
is good. But then like, I rarely
pretty fun.
It's it's like whatever, basically I find something I want to make and then I'm like, I'm thinking about it until I make it. So I made like cream cheese wontons last time. And before that, what did I make? I made that from completely from scratch too,
including the dough that took like four hours.
Don't
recommend.
Um That Is was only 20 minutes.
The problem was to make them circles and I'm not really good with the rolling pin. That was like my first time probably trying to make the shape. So they came out with like little bumps here and there and I was like, this is this is like, it's like this or something and you're just like, okay, whatever.
Yeah, sugar cookies I think is like the easiest thing because we always have the flour,
the sugar, the eggs.
Well,
I
mean
they're kind of
boring. They're kind
of boring.
yeah, I did a chocolate
chip cookie with toasting the butter first and that was pretty good. Yeah.
Brown
the butter.
true, that's true.
Fair enough.
I don't have one, No.
Yeah. Well yeah, I mean, I guess,
I don't know if you go to a casino, I'm sure that's it.
We just got
up
computer.
you can do
everything from here, You can do everything.
Yeah, it's like banking and it's like it's like banking, entertainment
jobs, like literally everything is on here. Uh huh
Video games. It's
just
I mean I spent
way too
much then.
Yeah, it's basically the same thing, I mean
Mhm. I always ask questions like that allowed the people, I'm like I'm like, so if an earthquake happened, what would happen to this underpass, you know, like literally the dumbest things and then my dad would be like, well, you know, they're made to withstand like earthquakes and then you're just like, that's me,
nope.
Got you.
I have a dog named Bella
that's kind of cool.
Yeah man, I'm looking to live a life like that where I'm like, I live on a farm or something like that, Not in the right place for that. Yeah,
Oh I want like a farm that's just plants. I feel like animals very little too.
you couldn't leave either. So, but with somebody you could have like a farmhand for
your other stuff, I feel like easier.
All
I lived briefly in like indiana when I was in high
school, so
born
and raised most
of my life.
No.
What did I do last weekend? That's a good question, I don't remember actually, wow, that's sad. Okay.
socialism, socialism,
communism,
communism
and socialism, yeah,
yeah, I'm I'm a catholic, so yeah,
if that tells
you basically that tells you all my views right there
I
didn't grow up in this, I basically
my family is like nonreligious, so this came later, I'm 25 so,
Yeah, well I disagree actually, I think that there's a lot of like a lot of like historical and just like text evidence for Catholicism being like going through religion kind of thing, so it kind of like reading all the text really gets you into it, but a lot of people don't put in the footwork, I think it's more of the problem with that um and people leave also because I think that they misunderstand what it is, it's kind of funny. But isn't that everything right? People don't misunderstand Christianity for example just
Oh yeah, no, we're definitely being persecuted. Yeah. You can't
go to church. I mean you can go to walmart
1000 people
live
with them.
Yeah, they were like a dogma lives loudly in you. Like uh huh. It was so hard when I heard that I was like okay
went to Palm Springs.
I
basically was for, my sister was partying. So me and my mom basically like took care of our kids. Like we were literally staying in the room the whole time, it was a nice room, but we were like why are we here? It's like being at home, we didn't do anything except maybe go shopping.
fair enough.
God. So that's pretty cool.
I don't know. Yeah we went to a I think my sister's boyfriend works at a casino that gets tickets at a like a minor league thing. So we actually but he gets tickets for like like the big box things so like they have the kitchen in there and everything. That's crazy
those things. Yeah it's not too expensive for a minor league to do that. Um Until I get them all year round so you could literally go. Um But yeah it's a chunk of money to get to go there basically.
Otherwise
they
this
is.
okay.
No.
Oh yeah. It's like we're trying to kill ourselves.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like you need a soundtrack for your life. How would you choose an intro? You know? I don't know
honey. I give music but
everything. I wanted to be an artist. A cook, a writer,
uh that I can't remember. So basically I wanted to be everything. Yeah,
pretty
much, pretty much. I feel like that's still the case. I'm still super undecided.
fair enough. Yeah, I don't even think about that
all.
But
it's
Oh, jeez,
you know, evangelicals are like a little bit uh what's it called? They point at things and just say they're evil rather than than just say they're neutral I think is more the thing. Mm
you're looking. Yeah.
No.
And
Oh, I'd leave. I would literally go now.
This is demonic. Just
Oh my gosh.
Ice
dude,
that's crazy.
I saw something like that. I went to a nondenominational church um because I was basically always looking for God. Like when I was a teenager, because I didn't have any help for my family, they weren't like discouraging, but they weren't like encouraging, and then I ended up in this place because a friend invited me. Um and at one point they invited um some past or something to come, and it was basically people were like speaking tongues and dropping and it freaked me out so much as a kid, because mind you, I don't have my parents around, I'm literally by myself and I'm thinking this is crazy. My friend was a little edgy, so she went up there and she was like, I'm gonna go try this, I'm gonna I'm gonna basically show you it's bull. And I was like, I mean, I know it's a bull, but like creepy, you know, she goes up there, nothing happens to her. They're like, oh, you know, you just keep trying or praying or something like that. It'll work you honestly. It's just a bunch of people that want to be special. The
it's
it's
got
to think,
of churches have become like that.
that's
oh my gosh tongues, The word tongues in the bible is synonymous with language. They spoke different languages to people, literal languages.
Oh my gosh,
Yeah, like tongue and it was for the apostles to speak to crowds that like they didn't speak the language of like, it literally, like if you think of it in that context, the tongues that they're talking about is just bull, but nobody will admit that, that's the case. Like what
do they just go blah, blah, blah, blah, blah blah blah. And then somebody believed them like or understood them, I mean, you know what I mean? Like the apostles didn't do that tongues is the same as language, that's really all it means.
tongues means language. It literally
means
language.
I know. Like they complicate it so much because anything to insert yourself right into that like very important role where I'm chosen.
Yeah, it's just like, it's nonsense. Mhm. Mhm.
Ooh. Oh okay, I probably have a long answer. So you first,
Okay, I don't know because like this already exists, but before it existed, I had this idea, I'm kind of a nerd, so I was like really into um live action role play, if you know what that is.
Yeah, so I was like, I really like the dressing up and everything like that, I thought that was pretty, that's pretty fun, right? Because you don't get to wear that old kind of like dresses and stuff, and so I was like, we need like a permanent place for this. So like actual buildings and um like, like a whole town, basically this exists in two iterations that I know of the um you're around, it's open kind of thing. But basically it's like, it's basically a theme park, right? But no rides, it's like the fun
comes in,
it would be like, you would be lar ping, but also it's like, hey, there's food and you can buy stuff, It's like a renaissance fair.
It's like a
renaissance
fair, a themed park because everything's themed and like, you would have so many like sub businesses attached, like people could dress up and rent costumes, people could, you know, um like purchase things and you know, those vendors pay you, you know, that kind of thing? That would be, I would run something fun like that.
insists
in Utah, so this is an actual thing in Utah
called Evermore Park. Um I was like, oh my gosh, they got like archery, they got like, you can quest in it, but it's, it's not like heavy into that, but it's like you're playing like a video game in real life sort of, so it's kind of cool that they put all that together and it's a growing park, it's cheap to get into. I was like, what, like 20 bucks you go in there and like they have all sorts of stuff going on at different times of the year. There is a place in Canada, It has like 1000 acres. I'm not kidding with
hundreds, like 100 and something buildings, it's like permanent buildings. Um and like 1000 plus people go there a certain time of the year, there's a thing that they do like a great battle or whatever, so there's like thousands of people on a battlefield and it's also like something like renaissance fair and um
like its own
like, wow, the theme park I guess. I don't know like it's pretty cool.
That one is open year round for different stuff. Yeah, yeah, and the other one is your round, but they have different storylines I think throughout the year and the story changes obviously as people play through it, I guess it's pretty cool
sounding. I mean I've never been.
don't have one,
No, not at all. I had to take my
bed for this.
You're not showing, you know?
Yeah, I get it. Yeah, no, I mean I have like a craft desk over here and I've got, it's a mess, I'll just say
yeah, yeah, I'm just, I'm just organized but like organized in my head, if that makes sense. Like my ideas are there but then it's
bear you know, they say we're smarter like people are joking. Well I'm not joking. That's a literal thing that I've heard, which is like that disorganization means that like you've got more going on in your head. I get
our
I mean being a catholic there's you take your pick.
Well
no, I mean even like even one of the more basic ones which is like no sex till marriage kind of things like
you know,
oh I know listen I'm between I'm between becoming a nun and getting married because yeah, so I'm trying to figure out because this is like a calling like you figure out if God is calling you to one or the other. These are the two vocations or vehicles to holiness, like you and your spouse work together to make each other holy or like you in the order like jesus basically with the sisters would the working together and make each other holy kind of thing. So it's like um yeah I don't know what I'm doing. There is a uh but funny enough remember what I was saying I wanted to um farm. There are sisters who have a farm in tehachapi California.
Yeah sisters are none. Sorry? Yeah
that's
like their title I guess so to speak. They're all sisters unless you're like the mother which
is in charge.
So yeah they have a farm and I was like um so I was like I have to check them out because I think if like I'm taking a couple of years basically to figure that out. And then if it's not the case then you know you go find somebody I guess or you live your life and then until you find somebody and then um If it is then I join and then it takes eight or 9 years. It's basically it's a huge process
because they
no,
you
you stay there, it's kind of like apprenticing. Yeah. Um so you stay there, you kind of live the life that they're living, but you don't take any vows until later. Then there's temporary vows. You know where you're saying like uh poverty chastity and um I've got the other one. But yeah, they make vows and their temporary for like a year. And then after that it would be like taking the permanent vows. So yeah, it's a huge process and it's not like any one person's decision, it's like between you and them. So like they could be like, we don't really think that you're like good to be here and then they would send you off or whatever. Are there
like?
Yeah, you're not you're just you wake up at like 10:00 AM. I was kidding you, everybody
um It depends there are there are plenty of really crazy, not crazy, like I don't
mean crazy in the context, but like crazy to us, right? They get up some of them and by some of them, I mean a minority of them get up at intervals throughout the night to pray and keep like vigils and stuff like that. Some of them will go to sleep at like a wake up at six, you know that kind of thing. So they do have regular scheduled lives where they pray at a certain time. They eat at a certain time, They have recreational activity at a certain time, you know, they help at a certain time, right? Some are still working schools and still work in hospitals and fun fact hospitals. Uh We're basically like a thing nuns did. That was that
was
basically by nuns because if you notice that they have volunteer positions as much as they do. It's because hospitals don't really run very well when their for profit nuns used to run them. Nuns used to run them. Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Thank you.
Yeah. ST jude is a big one.
ST
food is the patron saint of miracles and stuff like that. Which is why it makes sense.
Before
tonight's our liberal now. Yeah. We I think we're
we are
important. Yeah, that
was fun.
And thank you.
You
too.
All right. Thanks.