Hey there
Hey, how are you? Can you hear me all right?
Very well, very well, it looks nice where you are right now. Oh
yeah fantastic. I am
very,
I am. You know how Nevada California and Arizona all come together in that little point right in that point like over the bridge from needles and over the river from Laughlin and uh what is it? I would I something I 48
So where my brother lived in L. A. For years? Are you are you a native or you did
you move
there?
No
way. I love
reno.
Oh absolutely. I lived in um fabulous param for many years and then in Vegas yeah we actually moved here from Vegas because we got priced out to be honest. So wow. So reno to L. A. What? What brought you there? That's a big move.
good for you. And what did you study? What is your, what's your line of work
guys?
You're in limbo?
I'm
currently furloughed from Yeah. What is golden? What what is golden voice? That sounds interesting.
Whoa.
God.
So
it's,
it's so
much so much as logistics involved
and
what?
Why?
So do, so do you handle entire tours or does an agent reach out and say, hey, I want to put a tour together, who can work with me for L. A. Or?
No,
how did this, how did this stack of dominoes like, like at what point did you go? Oh
listen,
this
actually
could be really, really bad. Yeah.
Really? Yeah. What happened, what happened on that
day?
And nothing will stop coach?
Hello?
they
flake, the
flake factor is high,
are
like
do
it now.
Do it now.
Oh my God, that's great. YOLO
about
Part
ticket sales are rising up and up and up to the heavens.
That's
good.
The rapture.
my
At
least
it wasn't
the
four
Oh
my God.
And it's
like
people
are getting spooked.
they're getting
spooked,
listening
for coughs.
For me
like
It was just, you
know
that's,
that's
never
good.
Not
out
of
the parking
lot. Six
people,
six ft apart. Oh
my
that's good.
That's
strange. Yeah, That's
an Ohman.
my God. Oh
Lord.
Hi.
Okay.
It's
postponement. Yeah. It's not the end of the world.
Money
for nothing is awesome. Right,
All
God.
this this
was
eight months if so, let's see, 28 months
and three days ago, my God.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
my God,
you,
the there's no reason to have a company, is there? I mean,
what's it?
Of
course,
yeah, yeah, somebody needs,
somebody
will need to buy those, you know, green M and M's or to fill up the ball in the back, so, so um now I'm sure you've thought of this, what if uh obviously with a concert venue, his job is to rent itself out for events, if there haven't been events for, you know, a year and a half or so, it could be foreclosed, it could be abandoned to the point. Like if those companies that actually own these venues just belly up and walk away. I mean, do you think that that would be an issue? Do you think like the, like the, the L ray or the Roxy might just not be there anymore or,
that
makes sense.
Two bites
of the cherry.
That's good.
Especially
now.
right,
excellent.
Growing.
dear.
the
historic
commission
at work.
All
Running,
It's
some collective
Mm.
competing
against the
kidney dialysis, please. Yeah, like, like
not.
Mm.
Right. The heroes act and yeah absolutely
had
You know
I
don't you
might know this, you might know this place my my brother lived in Hollywood for decades and what he did is down by the la brea tar pits. He bought an old movie theater called the Delray on PICO and he is us um he's like a looping sound effects specialist and he he turned it into his own looping studio slash loft. Yeah
it was really cool and he did it with in conjunction with the historic district and they you know they had all that kind of thing and eventually he sold it a few years ago and moved to Palm Springs into like semi retirement and you know he's happy now but um yeah you know it was the live music scene of L. A. Is is the lifeblood of them. I mean, God, Sheryl Crow got her start there,
you know, just playing
clubs
between that and stand up comedy. I mean if you get rid of the venues, if you get rid of live talent, what are how are the agents going to do this like by Youtube? I'm sorry, it's just not the same
dreadful.
Has
it
searched?
No.
No.
for sure. And we
we
will
rebuild. So how are you hanging on, are you doing like temp work or how I mean, you're
God bless California or awesome.
You're awesome.
Oh my good, good.
Well.
It's
Yeah.
I've
been with prolific for like like three years now like I've made like Yeah, I mean like and I and I'm like I don't hit it heavy um you know kind of ebbs and flows sometimes. I'm really into it if it's if it's a slack time and otherwise, you know, I might leave it, but I probably made about £1500 so about two grand. You know, you, it comes in handy and it shows up in Paypal, so and you just, you just buy your stuff and text man doesn't need to know I've
all
for.
Oh, you would be, I do, I've done user testing. I find it, I find it exhausting. But did
you stick
with it? You must have stuck with it because I know the opportunity is there the work is there?
I know,
I
know
that's
that
my issue
was I'm like, you know what? You know, you guys screwed me on this one because I got, you know, I got stuff to do, but yeah.
If you
if you go on Reddit and beer money,
that's
it, that's how I learned about that beer money and the penny hoarder. They always have the work from home. That's a that's a that's a website and then also um Rat Race rebellion dot com. That has a million work from home jobs every day. It's anything you can imagine, the vast majority of it is customer service. Um You know, but it's a huge variety, a lot of freelance stuff and then um the other one is stay at home mom dot com. You don't have to be a mom. Uh S. A. H. M. Dot com, stay at home mom. And that has a lot of job jobs. So and then if you want to pay money every month there's flex jobs dot com. But that's if you're really looking for remote work which is a job shop which may kind of mess up your unemployment. So I wouldn't recommend it. I'd
ride
this until you know you know until you can't anymore.
Yeah
Stay
at home
mom.
I'm
sorry sorry work at work at home mom. Not stay at home mom.
W
work at home mom. That's okay. You did an event.
Absolutely.
It's
it's honest
work you know that's
the important
thing
No
satin
baseball
jacket. God.
And also also you never know so many people are getting thrown together in unusual ways you never know who you might come across you know
it's like
well.
good.
Great.
I'm
sure they do
yeah I'm sure they do
well.
Good.
you're you're fine. Let's see. I I have been, I mean, touch wood dodge. Would I have been a, I've taught english as a foreign language for 32 years now and lived in many countries overseas and then came back to the states, oh, in like 2000 and three. And uh marriage marriage broke up triggered the moving back, ultimately remarried. Uh We then moved to Israel, then came back and Washington blah blah blah bunch of places then now we're here. So we just bought a house almost going on a year ago, down out here in the in the sticks. Like we're like, we're like nowhere. I mean it's just like a teeny little place in the desert, but we're very
happy,
you know, needles Exactly.
No,
no, I'm in, we are in mojave valley Arizona, which is literally over the bridge from needles and like my house is a block away um and we love it and um since we moved to a place like this, it really wasn't possible two, it wasn't possible for me to be out of a major city until online work became a thing until broadband became accessible even in rural areas. But finally it all came together. So I have a strange job where from 3 to 6 in the morning I teach chinese kids who are hilarious online, I adore them, there's so fun, so funny. And then um in midday I teach Israeli high tech start up executives who need, you know I need help on my pitch deck, you know and this kind of stuff like these negotiations are looking for like financing and stuff like that and then um the rest of the time I have a kind of a wide range of private students online and then I fill in the gaps with stuff like this, you know, which provides me variety. It lets me meet new people and hear about their lives and yeah, that's good. I really like it. It's finally came to get come together after all these years, but touch wood and then I go outside and I feed the birds and this morning I was clearing tumbleweeds off of the back backyard. Life is good. So I mean I'm just I just keep waiting. I mean honestly I was teaching kids who in china who clearly had covid, you know what I mean? I mean they're sitting
there like coughing and snow cutting and like tears just, I mean they're so sick. But the parents, the, you know, the mom and dads are like learn english, you know, I mean these were kids, you know, they wouldn't let him just blow off a lesson, no way, you know? But so these you know and I've kind of like seen it move through the country and honestly the it's it's coming back I mean yeah they got it under control. But what happened is when they got it under control that's what a bunch of chinese who were in new york L. A.
And across europe all said oh great safe to come home. They carried it with them from us and now it's
going
through
yeah and now
and
now
it's
kind of ripping
through. Yeah exactly now it's ripping
through
and yeah now it's called now it's inside and we got the air pollution which makes everything worse and blah blah blah blah blah and you know of course they're lying about it so um every everything's fine. So
I
mean yeah exactly. So yeah that's that's my my my times of adventure were wonderful and I cherish them and I don't miss it at all. I like I like my easing into old age. I can in fact, during the, during the lockdown, I was like, you know what I used to have, I dyed my hair red bright red for got 20 years. I mean, it started going grey at like, 20. Yeah, and I'm like, you know what, I am sick to death of this horseshit. I used to have really long hair. Finally, I let it grow out for about an inch or so, and I think I have a picture anyway, one day, I just I mean, it was like, buzz cut, I just cut it all off and and my husband's like, that's really short, you shouldn't you should never cut your hair that short again. Please don't ever cut. I know, but I'm free, I never
have
to
do this shit again ever.
It's beautiful.
You
have all its
gorgeous hair, love that red. That is gorgeous.
Yeah, but it's gorgeous, it's
gorgeous.
it's beautiful.
I
know, I couldn't do it. And you know what, I'll tell you what, if you ever do it, be prepared to find out that your neck isn't in his great shape, but it wasn't like, what the hell? How was that
growing back there?
It's gross
in
all manner of sins.
That
that's right. No one's thought, no, it's
all
living,
You're
So,
well, my dear, it has been awesome talking to you. I really love what you're doing. I really hope things turn around. It's great to know that there are smart, active, positive people like you in the industry. I mean, I just Oh my God, I really wish you the very best I hope to God this turns around fast
because
I can
I
know your real
asset
to your company
and
stuff.
I know.
I'm
running,
we
got
to begin.
Thanks.
Exactly. I think it's it's the uncertainty that the worst.
Warning.
exactly. Exactly. Well lisa doesn't like the, what was it was the fire festival over in? Don't
do that.
I
remember,
I'm like, I'm like when they cancelled south by southwest, I went, oh
you're
business.
That
that was the equivalent of how the collapse of countrywide mortgage kicked off the great recession. It was like that's that's okay, it's over.
Act
of God. Yeah exactly.
They
didn't
cause it.
I don't know.
No shit,
what a what a
little
bitch
what
reasons?
blast and bury and yeah
Yeah and they, and these people like they travel, they just like you though, I mean like you get these Germans
with
like eight weeks
of vacation and they just follow, it's crazy. I know what you're
talking about Belgium
and
true.
Oh my God.
the
the law of large
numbers says, you know, not everybody's gonna cash in at the same time, hurricanes
happen
over here, they don't happen all over the country at once, wow,
bailout.
right, and then they're
thinking they're thinking, wait a minute nobody's working so nobody is generating income so we have nothing to tax, so where is this money going to come from that
we
give to
you.
You're
Oh my God. Oh my God.
Yeah. You know people, it's you don't really realize how interconnected commerce and life and and politics and money are really, we're all together, we're all one organism and very little happens in utter isolation. Because
they
the
whole
organism like, oh yeah, crap can. All right, my dear. Well listen, thank you for telling me so much. So interesting. Was really delightful. Good luck to you. Good luck to you.
It
prolific
rat race rebellion. Work at home mom. And the penny hoarder. You'll make money. All right. I'll see
you later.
You too. Sure
you take care. Bye bye bye.