Hello?
I can hear you fine, can you hear me?
I'm in Los Angeles,
where
are? You know?
I'm 40.
No,
I'm actually
from reno Nevada.
So
we were
mentioned Nevada, it was like excited because, you know, it's totally a different corner of Nevada, but
um I moved here for school and that was 2007 and then I never left
music industry was my major
uh So as you can guess now, I've made a terrible choice, but I worked in the concert industry until, well, technically I still work in the concert industry. I am currently furloughed. I've been, I worked at Golden voice. I I use past tense, it's not technically passed in some furloughed, I don't know whether past tense or
is it?
And Yeah,
yeah, so we're a concert promoter. Um
And basically what a concert promoter does, is there the go between between the artist or between the artist's agent, more or less and the venue. Um So we book a venue and we make an offer to an artist and say, you know, these are all the expenses we're going to have associated with the show. These are the ticket prices that we are proposing to you. And then there's some back and forth or a lot of back and forth. But eventually we agree on an amount of money we're paying the artist. Um and then we produced, so we set up the ticketing, we place all the marketing, we submit the marketing plans to the artist for approval, place all the marketing and then produce the show as well. So the production which is renting any lights and sound needed, scheduling the stagehands, bringing in the catering, the security, etcetera, etcetera, needed to put on a show and then being the artist and all the vendors at the end of the night. Um,
and then, you know, do it all again the next day. So um so
I've
had
are,
yeah, it's a lot of logistics were
sort
of the organizer, so like whenever you read something like the organizer of the festival or the organizer of the concert, that would be
us. No,
both. Actually, it's actually interesting you even ask the question that way because you actually perfectly described like the two branches of the business. Um So we have a touring department, which is the department I work in now. Um I've worked in the touring department since officially since 2018, but I was actually going out on tour since 2014. Um And then prior to that I worked in one offs, which one offs means the agent reaches out and says, hey we want to play L. A. Um you know, make what venue do you think is the best or they'll say, hey, we want to play the fonda um and so make us an offer for the fonda. Um So yeah, so um, as you can imagine we are not, you know, this is not a good time for us
in coach.
It
was,
it was March
Well
12th was the day. I can, I can tell you the exact like moment.
So
that whole week. So March 9th was a monday. I think this week will be like burned into my memory forever. March North was a monday. It was a more or less completely normal day. I went to a show that night and like a crowded club that was actually not our show. It was something I want to go to for fun. Um We had like our company like bowling league meeting, everything was completely normal and then it was like that night it was starting to rumble because san Francisco got hit a little bit ahead of us with the Covid and their office was like, you know, we had a show tonight and only like 60% of the tickets we sold showed up and we're thinking it has to do with this virus and people are scared of being in a small place. And by the next morning it was kind of like, well we have Coachella next month and that's
That's
probably not looking good. So they started scrambling, I don't work with the department, the books Coachella, but they are in our company. So they started trying to move to october at that point and at this point we're still thinking this is going to be like three or four weeks long, it's like not going to be a huge business disruption. And we had tom and Paula at the forum that night and I went to that. So the forum is an arena here holds like 12,500 people when it's sold out for a concert. Um And the tame impala show sold really, really well. It was sold out and he was playing two nights Tuesday and Wednesday, which both did eventually, both did playoff, but the Wednesday was actually our last day of shows. Um And we had the opposite experience with Sam and Paula, which is that 97% of the tickets we sold showed up, which is really, really high. Um On average 8 to 10% of tickets, it depends on the genre, it changes a little bit with the genre in the age group, but on average 8 to 10% of tickets that you sell don't show up. Um For an artist like Tom and Paula, the first show that sold out really fast, which means scalpers scoop up a lot of tickets. And in L. A. Which always has a higher non redemption rate because I don't know, people always have something better to do. I
have no,
I don't know
right? So people are very flaky here. So for all of those factors on Tom and Paula you would expect like 10 to 12 to not show up and less than 3% did not show up. And that was instead of san Francisco who was like, they were like, we're being careful, we don't want to be in a small space. People in L. A. Were
like
this
might
be my last chair.
I'm
so that was we're ready by that Tuesday
night. Everyone was seen it coming that like we're probably not like, you know, just people outside the industry, people going to concerts for fun. We're like, this might not happen soon, we're going to go to this, but everyone was still thinking, oh, it's going to be a month or two. And then March
11th, we did put on the shows we had scheduled on March 11th, but by then agents already starting to like say, you know, I think we need to reschedule. Um It's sort of like the emails kind of all just went dead. Like everything we were already working on, just everyone stopped responding and then everything that was already on sale, there was a new flurry of emails like let's reschedule this. Um And I went to another show that night that we had at the El Rey, which is a small club at 771 for band, ironically called The Rapture and um
it
was just like of all
shows
to be So
that March 11th, that was
our
last
kind
of
shows. Yeah,
exactly. Yeah, Yeah.
And so we went to that or I went to that and the mood in the room was really strange. Like there was that one had
of people
didn't show up. I think that was about 80% of the tickets we sold showed up and it had this
like tension
in the room. Yeah.
People
were feeling like there's a lot of hand washing and the
like
hand sanitizer was everywhere and everyone, like people were not really ordering at the bar and
it was just this like
tension hanging in the air of like something's going to happen, like we know something is wrong, like the audience just knew it.
And
then the next day we went into work and it and our head of the company um gathered us all in a conference room, which is kind of funny
and he actually
even
need
to do it was
like this is probably
the
last
time
while
that
we did
all sort of, we were kind of spaced out in this conference room. Um
there was no furniture and it was like our big like uh you know if you have like a huge conference going on conference room and there's about 40 of us, a lot of people weren't at work. I don't really know why. I feel like it wasn't that people didn't come in. It was like that people had meetings outside the office, it was raining which in L. A. Is actually
like
work
from home. Yeah and we're all sitting in this conference room, there's about 40 of us. And he even sort of made a joke like this is the most people we might see in a room together for a while. Um
But
you kind of acknowledge the irony that we were all standing, you know in a big group um and was like we're going to effective immediately cancel all of our shows through the end of april.
Um we'll work on rescheduling them but you know it's clear that it's not that restrictions are coming and because at that point they had already taken san Francisco like um down to 500 no more than 500 people. Um Seattle already had restrictions and it was pretty clear it was coming for us in L. A. Um and
so he said we're going to cancel everything through the end of april and um it's okay when you move a show, try not to move it to any date before june 15th. Um So at this point we're still thinking we're going to be super safe by
june 5th.
And we had two shows that were scheduled for that night and he was like yes to those two talent virus. One was at the Roxy which was 501 was at the El Rey which was 7 71 which was the second night of the Rapture. And he was like, yes, you have to go down to the venues, pay the bands in full, tell them they're not going to play, like pay them as if I played the show and tell them to pack up their gear and go home. Like we don't worry about the loss. It's not going to negatively affect you as somebody who booked the show, just the band and tell them to go home like there we are not putting people in this situation tonight like it's just not. Um And he was like there's kids lined up outside the venue. Like explain it to them what's going on. Luckily folks, shows only had a few kids lined up so it was just paying the bands and telling them to load back out and go home and of course no one really minds getting paid for something they didn't
do.
Um And then he was like we're going to work from home for the next two weeks and
we're going to figure it out. Um We never went back to the office so that is, no one has been back to the office since March 12th. Um
And then on april 1st the our parent company A. G which is like a big corporate company was like, you know, clearly this is going on a bit longer than we thought, we're going to put a pay cut in place for the next 90 days. Um as sort of a stopgap measure and we'll reevaluate what the industry is looking like in another 90 days. And of course on july 1st it had become clear that we're not getting back up and running anytime soon um
at
this
run.
and then july 1st they furloughed about 70% of the company. Um So pretty much everyone except for the executives. Um And it's a little bit of skeleton like I. T. Accounting that kind of stuff. Hr obviously hr got to stay on because they have a lot more to do now
um improving all the unemployment claims and stuff like that. So um
and so here we are now. Um they give us an update on october 1st and said um you know we we have no news like you guys are being cut forever. But obviously we don't know when we can bring you back. Um, and we'll let you know more on january 1st. So it's not looking like january 1st. We're likely to go back either. Um, They did say they are probably going to bring some people back part time before they bring them back full time. Because I'm in the department that actually books the shows were the first department that really needs to get back up and running. So different
more.
We
need us look the show. So, um, so when we it looks pretty much like when we have a timeline for how the vaccine will be rolled out. That that's the point that the booking department can go back because if we know that, you know, the government expects that um, the vaccine can be available to everybody by one year from now then we can start doing shows for over one year from now. It's just needing to know when and then the last people back will be the production department because they have nothing to do until there's actually a show happening or
until
about two more before there's actually a show happening so.
And
all.
that is already happening. Um Yeah so the independent venues are the hardest hit because they just don't have the cash flow to close their doors for that long. And usually you have a building owner that is just you know someone who owns a bunch of commercial buildings. And then the long term tenant which would be the operator of the venue is a long term tenant on like a 10 year lease sir. Or longer. Uh Sometimes a five year lease totally depends. But usually it's rare that the operator of the venue actually owns the property, but it happens there and there is actually even you just down the street from my house that was an independent venue where they actually owned the property and had to sell it already. Um So that because they're still having, you know, property tax and everything assessed on them as well, the overhead of keeping a building maintain. So for us we are, our company actually is the operator of some buildings um including the roxy and Okay, so those two are unlikely. So the buildings that we booked the most shows and we actually operate as well that we've kind
of,
it's a
little
different
clients this spanish. Um So for those ones we like for a larger company that operates them, we have the cash flow to live through a bit of time and the bargaining power to, you know, bargain on payments to the landlords and because they can sort of blackball them in a way that's like you own all of these buildings and you would lose your tenant and all of them. And who's going to take over a theater or
like the El Rey
that yeah,
is that Golden Voice has operated the El Rey for almost 25 years and it's a historically protected theatre, so it can't be anything else. Um
So like,
I mean we can't even add another toilet in the bathroom, which is the biggest complaint we get there
is that we don't have enough, but uh,
no,
because
it's historically
protected buildings.
So um, so yeah, I mean with us, when we go into other buildings that aren't ours, um that we have booked, some of those have shut down, um There is definitely, once we get to the point of rescheduling shows, there's a lot of buildings that just aren't going to be there anymore. Um And that's it's really unfortunate. Um A lot of independent venues in the U. S. Have formed an association um in March. They like got together and formed an association together so that they would have some lobbying power
to
congress.
I'm yeah,
so that's basically the big stat that they put out there was that if we don't get any kind of aid from the government um by the end of the year, 90% of the venue independent videos in America will come. So that's like we've lost a lot already. Um The hi hat is the one that was down the street from me. The Moroccan lounge in L. A. Has closed. Um There's a couple that have stayed open but are running really last ditch efforts of like GoFundMe ease and stuff like that. Um Yeah, the resident is one of those
at
home.
the
new version of analysis. So um
so it's a, it's a pretty dire time. There's a couple acts that have been in Congress that passed in the House and not the Senate um that are just stalled in the Senate.
They
save our stages act, which is geared directly towards theater and live event spaces. And then there's the restart act, which is a little bit more abroad but includes funds for independent small businesses that they put on live events. Um And I believe
we
start
to.
that's cool.
Right. And the Sunset
strip
and
it's not the same. And
and streaming that pivot people bring up a lot. Is there? Like, well why not like streaming like live events? And it's
like,
well
that's actually very lucrative right now, but it's completely different industry. It's like the people in event production don't know how to put on a streaming event,
like they're just, it's a totally different skill
set. Um So yeah, it's a, it's an interesting time to be watching it happen. I do think, you know, there is another, there isn't another side, we will eventually reach the other side, but
it's just
going to look
like,
a bit. I'm getting unemployment. I'm very lucky to live in California.
Am
I are I get the maximum that they allow, which is uh allocate which is $450 a week, which is not terrible. Um It's just about enough to cover rent.
and then after they take the taxes out and I pay for my car insurance and my cell phone bill and all of that then
um you know, it's a little bit in the red, but it's not terrible. Like it's not sustainable forever. I do stuff like prolific, which is I assume how you got
here. Uh
huh,
prolific.
I've
done
that. I just started prolific probably like a month and a half, maybe two months ago now. Um and like, I mean, you know, I think my total payments have been like $50 but it's 50 didn't have before or £50. And then I do user testing as well.
It
is,
it's a little mind. I mean and I have been flow with that is that I like, I haven't done any in about a week. Um and like sometimes I'm really inspired and sometimes I'm not and sometimes you get one that says it's gonna be 15 minutes and it's like 45 minutes
and
they
tell
you to do
with
it.
And I did one the other day that said it's going to be 45 to 60 minutes, so you'll get a bonus for it. And then they never gave me the bonus. And I like emailed customer service and just got no response and I'm like this doesn't make me want to keep doing this. But uh but that I think from user testing in the last month and a half, I've probably gotten a little over $200. So that's like it
doesn't add up
your money.
Don't.
And then I just read
it well.
Rat race rebellion. I'll remember. For sure. Home
mom. Um
I did
also
just last weekend start working an
event.
Work
at home mom. Okay.
Yeah, we are. So in L. A. There's a drive in event happening that's like the stranger things drive in experience. So just last weekend like last saturday I started working there part time. So it comes out of the unemployment but you get like a little bit of incentive you get to keep like 25% of that. So basically they take 75% of what you make out of your unemployment up to a point and then you just lose the unemployment. But basically then if you're because I was fully employed and now I'm only part time employed, I do still get some unemployment. I haven't actually filed since I started because they only have you file every other week. Um So actually I think today is my next filing date so it'll be interesting to see if the calculation actually pans out the way I think it's going to pan out, um but it's just been nice to do something, it's like and it's a lot of music festival production people working at um because obviously there's some translation and skills there,
it's about the closest thing we're going to have to a music festival for a while. Um It's fun, I'm just, you know, I'm like the lowest rung of the ladder, like I give people their VIP bag and greet them and then put them into a lane to go into the drive in, but like it's fun, it's
something that hurts
people
his
work
and um it's like a fun little job is that you know, I have to dress like a teenager in 1985 and like
pretend to be your in 1985 so I'm like
oh yeah, we're sure, so
glad.
huh. No, it's fun, so that's like a little thing I just started and um and part of it's also to just establish something if they do start kicking people off unemployment, I have something where I can say like, okay, well now I need to work this five days a week, you know? And then
and it's like
it's just a good connection
and it's like there's they have a staffing company even though I was hired directly by one of the production people that was just my
friend from the music industry. Um
They hire me through a staffing company, like onboard me with that. So then I wonder does that staffing company have other events they might give us
act
well.
So there's that too. So anyway,
I feel
like I talked about myself a lot, I want to know.
I've
been the needles. So I actually,
are you in Wyatt? Is
that where you are?
and
and
And
then they,
are they going
and
now
it's
old.
So
now they're
inside and
not
surprised.
I don't have to
be old
anymore.
I have my hair up, but you'll,
I only understand you. I have,
especially
in the summer.
yeah, but it's, it's very, very heavy and very thick.
Thank
you. Um,
but yeah, and I have certainly been tempted to do that before, especially when it's like 100 degrees outside and it's just there on my neck
and I'm,
had,
it
hides
a lot of sins,
I actually like two days ago got
home and realized I've been wearing a shirt with the tag on it all day. Yeah. But then I was, and I was like, no one told me. And then I was like, oh, well, probably no one saw.
And
I do normally wear my hair down outside my apartment. And
then like the second I walked into my apartment, it goes on top
of my head, I can't
deal
well.
Thank you.
I
am.
Thank
you.
I'm
feeling
hopeful with that vaccine announcement.
Is that yeah. And I'm like, I mean, even if it's approved tomorrow, it's still probably at least another year before we can get back up and running,
But
at least
we
have
the same line that Halloween is a time
line.
Oh yeah. Just anything we can do as an industry until we know like there's, we can't start scheduling shows. I mean, I do see sometimes occasionally promoters here and they're announcing stuff and I'm just, I'm just like, good luck with that. Like, have fun rescheduling it again, like, but then it's also a no win situation is if you don't announce anything, then the general public is like, what's going on with Coachella? Why aren't they saying anything? Are
they going under? And then if you're doing on something, then you just have to reschedule it again, so you can't really win. But
Well, and then there is a lot of
right at the beginning, um, South by Southwest. Unfortunately, it was the first people to get hit
with
their festival.
That was the, that
was that week that I had that very specific timeline. Once we saw the South
by Southwest, we're
going up.
There you go. Okay. Um, and the thing with South By was that, you know, they got a lot of fire fest comparisons because they weren't offering refunds. They were like, you can just postpone your ticket because they had already started building everything and obviously needed funds to build everything. And so they no longer they sought to pay all their vendors, they still have to pay all of their labor, but then now they didn't have the ticket income. So instead they said, you can defer your ticket to 2021 because that gave them a year to come up with the capital again. Um and people were of course, really mad. But then every other festival started doing the same thing basically because everyone was like, well, we have bills to pay and now no income and it's sort of like, it's a shitty situation, but like, what can you really do? Like you can understand that a business needs to take the money they got in to pay bills and that the bills aren't going to be magically forgiven if a virus causes the event to not happen and it is no fault of
the promoter.
And then
I
know
interesting. Sorry, I let you go here in a second. But um it was about the insurance industry in the in europe. So
advanced insurance is like most large festivals get it in the U. S. But that's it. Nobody really gets event insurance outside of like a stadium concert or like a large festival. Something with a several day build time is like several million dollars of expenses. But like for your regular arena show or something, you don't really get event insurance unless it's like morrissey where you feel like he has a good chance of canceling on you. Uh of course event insurers won't ensure morrissey. I am aware of this, I write to ensure morrissey event before so they don't want to work with him and then they gave us 47 page file of all of the times he has cancelled which
was pretty funny. I
was
like
there that
I I really imagined. But um
that was the event insurance industry in europe because they have this festival circuit that happens in the summer in europe. Is that like basically
as you know and these huge festivals like Glastonbury, like we can't even like conceptualize how big some of the festivals in europe are the ones that most people who have never even heard of that have like four times as many people as Coachella. Like it is huge.
and the
artist
go
so
they have
this thriving summer festival industry there where
every city has a summer festival and they're all huge. And so they all have event insurance. And they all start building like months before the festival, which is like Coachella. We start the build about two months out. We already had people in the desert when we had to move it. Um
And yeah, so that was like they stopped building and take it down come home like. So they have that going on there are times more. Um And like, you know with glass and very like they have like a 30 year lease on that site and stuff like that. So they have a lot of money already out there and then their entire summer got wiped out. So there was a run on the bank with the insurance companies because basically every single event that was insured how to claim. Um And so then the insurance companies were going like, wait, we don't have enough money to pay out all of these claims because the whole, you know,
doing that
work.
Yeah. So the count
or not.
And so then the insurance companies were going to the government and saying like we
need money, we're going to collapse. And then the, you know, then the event producers, we're going to the government and saying we need money because the insurance companies can't pay us and we're going to collapse. And then the government is going like we didn't, you know, this is like totally not even an expected result of this.
No.
was
just
complete
like yeah. And I read the article somewhere in the middle of summer and there was no resolution yet. It was just sort of like a everyone screwed kind of article. But the event insurance industry is not something I ever even thought about having this like huge collapse because
of this. When you talked about like the lenders collapsing, it was like that was another domino here was the event insurance like and many of those companies don't only do event insurance, but that's like their big generator, they found a niche with it and then now they're screwed on their other insurance that has nothing to do with events like, you know, entering commercial businesses and things like that. So it's like a whole thing
if. Yeah.
if the liver
stops working the whole thing
of
all.
Thank you. And
it was
still great
Thank
you for the pit.
Bye.