improperly. Here I am. Hopefully the, my partner or will arrive in a couple minutes. Come on. Okay, wow. Oh, the way we going, okay, I'm still charging because the last thing I wanted to go, kaput, Okay, it's 4:00, fingers crossed. I get a partner soon.
Hello, how are you?
I'm
fine, thank you. My name is a J. Nice to meet you.
Hello,
where are you calling from?
I'm in sacramento California.
My favorite movie. So good taste. So how's your day been?
I'm sorry,
lots of vitamin C I think.
Glad it's only a cold. So I feel better soon.
Have you ever done one of these before? These prolific chats?
Yes, I think this is like my 7th,
uh this time around, they are allowed to do six. So,
um there was actually a set of these beforehand where you can do, I think four, so I did four last time and this may be my six.
Yeah. 10 out of 10. The biggest issues when people don't actually show up.
Not old man, that's happened to me almost as many times as I've gotten people to talk to. It was really fun when I get scheduled for times at like 7:00 AM until I set my alarm to get up. Because they and they late sleeper and so I get up, get ready and then they don't show up. It was kind of
the waste,
fingers crossed. It states that way. Israel. So what sort of things do you do for fun when you don't have a cold?
cutter.
It's really cool. I have a 3D printer. So I try to make printed crafts. No,
you can make all sorts of things. Let's see. Right within handhold. I have this little plastic kitty where wiggles. Yeah.
Uh But you can make things like lithophanes which are these like three D. Printed pictures where you take a picture and you run it through the software and then you get a three D. Printed version of the picture. So it has like the bumps and ridges where the actual shading would be. And when you hold it up to the light it looks just like the actual picture. It's super cool.
True. And
I
thought
I used and I used to sell on Etsy little medallions that I made but then my software went to put uh
huh.
The only drawback is it takes forever because it doesn't one what .12.2 mm at a time. So something
like this. Yes. A printer will print you know, one line at a time. But when you're making something really thick it takes this took like two or three hours to make. But
it's pretty cool. Mhm. Yeah.
I would say Zootopia is probably number one and I bought these when Disney movie rewards. You know with the points where I had to say also have like seven of these. I can literally do the cartoon character thing where you wear the same clothes every single day but they're actually different. Well I
think Jurassic Park is another really good one.
It's really good. Kind of scary for you know kids because big dinosaurs but some love it because big dinosaurs but that was fun. It's really well shot and the special effects are
absolutely
yes. Don't watch this.
It's actually pretty bloodless and retrospect. There's like one scene where the leg of a goat falls onto the car and you see some blood. But it's
not like
or
maybe Tarantino
now but pretty much everyone gets eaten like off screen or the t rex will just go pum and swallow them. So there not really any.
It's pretty good. The sequel is not so much. So the book is also good.
You may want to watch it first depending and swords do get kind of scary at times. So there may be four year olds who love it but there may be one to you know suddenly they don't love dinosaurs anymore. I don't earning a childhood.
Overall.
And you
start with the non school
of
war.
Oh that's so cute.
Well that is something can also do a 3D printers as you can. Lots of people just make models of movie props and then post them for free. And so you can make fake movie prop models.
And so I've been like I have the uh a remake of the idol from indiana jones, you know in the first movie with Yeah
so if you're a Lord of the Rings fan books movies or both
you're better than I am. I started reading The Hobbit and was like oh I'm not going to get through this.
Yeah, they're not badly written in any sense, they're incredibly well written. It's just all that for me is kind of
It's
but it's also for me it wasn't my thing and I even like once made a Reddit post where it's like guys what am I missing? I tried reading the books and get really bored in terms of we were like how can you not love it? I tried when, what's his name? Shoot Sean Bean.
thank you borrow me like you've got to borrow me or I barely made it out of a higher.
Oh that's
They didn't they didn't shoot I should know this. I watched the movies once. Uh Which one stayed in again?
He's the one who got killed by the giant long necked bird. Singing. Okay.
Uh
huh. Have
you ever played the Shadow of mordor games?
Those
are Sorry go ahead.
If you like Lord of the Rings, the games are really fun, they make them for the Playstation Xbox and pc. But you need a really powerful pc to run it. For example. I ran the first one on the laptop I'm using now and burned my leg because it overheated. I read it at the lowest possible graphic setting. It's reheated but they're they're really bloody unfortunately but
it's all blood. So it depends
whether or not you're In two or 3 but it's a great concept and I think they the verge is from the movie can in a little bit, but you play a ranger of the Black Gate, that's a thing, right?
Yeah, so it's pray Lord of the Rings, it's a prequel to The Lord of the Rings and you're a ranger from the Black Gate who guards it and then when the orcs invade, I am fuzzy on the history, your that the character is killed as his, his whole family and they're
sacrificed because the, not the Witch King, but like one of the Witch King's frat rose basically uh
wants to summon a ghost or a spirit and so he uses the main character and his family is sacrifices and it summons the spirit, but instead of the spirit going into the witch king dude or pseudo, which king? It's like,
oh, it's like the hand of sorrow and I think he's called instead, it goes into the ranger keeping him alive, so he's now banished from death and he can't die.
And
so
it basically
is like a 20 hour revenge plot of trying to kill the hand of Ceron while you're half human and half elf now because it's an elf ghost and it is really fun. I
put
way too many hours into that thing and
it has a lot lower things where when I, because I played the games before I watched the movies and then when I watch them and be like oh that's why that
was important, fax gollum. I know who that is now.
that
there
was,
yeah, it goes on sale a lot. It's really fun because
you get to like take over the minds of orcs using the spirit things and so basically get to create your own orc army to fight guys
or or army. I keep getting the names wrong.
but now you can teach them the stories of Lord of the Rings and the Allegra loving is
I I was harry potter, so I have all the harry potter stuff.
11
I grew up listening to the audio books, The guy
does so many voices, it is insane.
I I personally like the Americanized ones narrated by Jim dale, they're slightly different than the philosopher's stone and I just like the voice better, He's in my opinion, the there's a better, you know, set of voices because they had a different narrator for the philosopher's stone and he's really good but maybe I'm biased because that's what I listen to, but to me, jim dale is the best one. Yeah,
but
I'm intrigued.
Uh let's see audible usually, I don't know if you've ever used audible.
yeah, that they offer like a free book for the first one in the harry potter can be one of them, or you can find the cds for, you know, pretty cheap, like local thrift stores. I find them occasionally.
I feel old because I listened to the first harry potter's on cassette,
Because now I listen to audio books to have a button, like skip back. It's like, Oh, I missed this, let me go back 47 seconds. And before
Uh my parents are like that, they like some of the retro stuff, so we actually have a jukebox that plays 45. So,
so I make references that my friends don't get my dad things. See you on the flip side, which I know is a reference to the flip thing, but I make fun of him endlessly for that because no one says that.
I think according to him, the Entomology of it is where the radio, you know, DJs would say see you on the flip side because they put on the disk and when it has to get turned over, that's when they come back in
to
give
them a little bit of commentary.
It's interesting. No one says it anymore because now it's like you know, see you on the shuffle button. I don't
know.
So
who is your favorite Lord of the Rings character? Aragorn. Uh Important one. Aragorn and a win. Or Aragorn and Arwen.
Wait Now I feel badly. Which ones are one is our win? The one.
Nothing. But my friend and I have gotten many an argument because I support a Gorgonio in. They just had more, at least
in the movies. I
I can't speak for the books because I didn't make it out of the shire in the movies. They had more interactions, so I feel
struck.
No.
Like Selma Selma rela over there.
I'm not going to remember a single name.
I had a question now, I can't remember what it was. Uh What are your thoughts on The Hobbit movies? Mhm.
A porn movies?
I think that was the first Lord of the Rings. Anything I ever saw was my friend took me to see The Hobbit Desolation of Smog and
I said
I haven't seen the first cop it or The Lord of the Rings, there's like no, it'll be fine, you don't you'll catch up and so the whole time I'm just staring on I am so confused
in
fact.
I did not see the third one or the first one, so I've only seen the second one.
I know there's a like a love triangle subplot in that movie that wasn't in the book.
Problem
and uh the funny part is that the female elf is my favorite character, so
I was like oh
awesome for like she was the book Oh well shame on the book because this is cool.
it was funny, I went from going oh this is cool, I like her too, then her, you know making google eyes or whatever his name was and I was like, oh no this is going to be a love triangle, isn't it? And then injured. She's like oh say we're like oh boy, here we go.
Or
into like the 1232 PM premiere at a random uh huh
there's an interesting movie, I don't think I'll watch the sequel. There's I don't know if you watch any Youtube but there's a Youtuber named Lindsay Ellis who she's a film critic or and she is a massive fan of The Lord of the Rings movies and she did like a 30 minute breakdown of why she loves Lord of the Rings and why The Hobbit was so disappointing from a narrative and filmmaking perspective. And it was really funny because like I didn't know this but the big thing was it was apparently supposed to be two movies directed by Guillermo del Toro and then he randomly dropped out for some reason and it's like, oh yeah, I don't know why, I just had to drop out if you know one of the biggest blockbuster franchises and Lindsay Ellis did a two part Youtube video like each of them 30 minutes, One of them discussing, you know the first part, the tumultuous history and the other one giving a detailed breakdown and at the very end of the episode she had a person walking and hand her a piece of paper and she opened it up. It was like we regret to inform you that this series has been extended into three episodes. Sorry, higher
up.
So then she did the third episode talking about the impact it had on new Zealand tourism culture and it's really interesting. So if you're a fan of The Hobbit or Lord of the Rings or not a fan of The Hobbit but a fan of Lord of the Rings and just everything behind it, Lindsay, Ellis Hobbit trilogy is so good.
What?
No.
All right. I have actually been to Hobbiton before New Zealand.
My film class had a uh like you would get school credit to go on the trip and the trip that year was to new Zealand. And so we got to go to ha bitten in a bunch of places where they shot some of the scenes like the scene in Lord of the Rings, where you see the Ali fonts and the mountains that represented Mount Doom or
not Mount Doom specifically, but the mountains that represented the mountains near Mount Doom, we act like a day and hiked up there and Mount Doom is the right word for it. It was horrible. They were like, oh, you'll have a day hike, it'll be kind of fun. And then when we got there, I even packed hiking boots and it was a killer on the, you know, wait thing because I got charged extra because my hiking boots put me like a pound over the top. And when we got there they were like, oh yeah, you didn't have to bring your own boots. And so at this point it was already really better than like it's going to be, you know,
a light 78 mile trip and
All the students or no, it was actually 14. My apologies. A 14 mile hike. And all of the film students who spend our entire day just sitting behind a computer writing, it's like we're gonna die. And then they go, oh and you want to hear, we'll give you some gloves in the hood because it's the wind show up, there's about negative 20 and it may be raining. You said they hike, you're gonna need these and they hand us all ice axes.
This we ended up having to turn back at the 3.5 mile mark because of how dangerous the wind was getting,
But we still went seven miles
and they didn't tell us not to bring our backpacks. And my backpack was like a pikachu backpack made of cotton. It was a school backpack that I
literally go to high school because we thought it was gonna be like a couple of miles, but a cotton backpack in the rain suddenly gets really heavy and it's not made for being worn. And so it was agonizing by the end of the thing,
it was absolutely miserable. So Mount Doom earned its name that day, Bahamas.
I think I was the only one because I've actually, I was in boy scouts, so I've done 20 mile hikes before so I technically had an advantage over the rest of my team. So I was the one like, come on guys were
program shut
up, we're gonna throw you off the mountain like it sounds like someone's getting corrupted by the ring. Yeah,
I, I did more of the quotes like in some of the other places like there is one place where not on the day hike. We actually got a day of touring where we visited in a tour bus a bunch of different places. So we found so we got to stand next to the river where Sam runs and goes I'm coming with you mr Bruno. And one of these big expansive areas that had where Gandalf is writing on shadow facts. And we actually got to go to the place where all of them hide from the program thing to do is angry hooded the non school
and
that
that the tree stump the root itself was actually all props so instead of just like a hole in the ground but we still got to take pictures there. So I was doing tons of quotes like in the big expanse. I had one of my friends take my camera. I still need to like cut everything together. It's been over a year and a half
awkward shadow facts and
just ran away humming what I thought was The Lord of the Rings theme song. I was informed afterwards that I was in fact coming back to the Future theme song.
Hey my kids, they sound similar. Do do do do do do do and the other ones like doo doo doo doo doo doo. It was they're close.
Yes, somewhere on my phone. But
so I finally watched the movies because that was a requirement to go to new Zealand was to watch all three movies and my friend and I watch or I watched the first one with my friend because she liked them and I was making sarcastic comments throughout the entire thing. She wanted to kill me. And then I watched the other two extended editions by myself and I the part where it ended and then said, please insert disc too.
Just I mean
except this too. You couldn't get everything on a single
disk.
I I did too or like 1.5. And afterwards I just walk away like slowly, shell shocked. Mom was like how are you doing? It's like florida. Thanks, doesn't
it? I am prepared for new Zealand but I am not prepared for what I just saw.
I think we're technically over the 25 minute mark.
So this
was really fun.
I
am.
I hope you have a great rest of your day. Thank you for doing this.
Thank
you. You're at war by