Hello?
Good.
How are you?
Let's meet you enlist.
Hey,
I'm in phoenix Arizona. What about you?
Okay, cool, Cool, Cool. I see. You're a movie fan. We like Zootopia here at my house. My four year old likes it a lot. So
Um Okay. Hi, we all have cold here at my house, so
10 bucks. Yeah.
Yeah, yep, vitamin C. Have been taken emergency and sleeping and you know everything of course now like you get a cold and you're like, oh my God, do I have covid but mr cold?
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah, this is my 4th one actually. Yeah. Yeah. So have you?
Oh wow. How many are you allowed to do?
Okay, let's see.
cool. Nice. Yeah, I'm hoping to do them all. I like doing them. It's fine. I've got some interesting people and decent money.
Yeah. That hasn't happened to me yet though.
but
yeah, that really sucks. Huh? No, luckily it hasn't happened to me.
not much actually. Well I just got a cricket. Have you ever heard of that? Like the
thing that, yeah, so I'm like all excited about that. I just started it, started it up today and made some little hair bows for my daughter. So that's, that's my new hobby now I guess is trying to figure that out because I used to buy hair bows there like six or seven bucks each from people, which is fine because it's like stay at home moms who, you know, work and I'm happy to support that. But I was like, I could make these for myself. So that's my hobby right now.
Yeah, what can you make with that?
wow, that's cool.
that is really
it's
just
all from plastic, right? Mm.
huh.
That's really cool.
Like layer.
let's start.
what are your favorite movies?
After
I haven't actually ever seen dress at park.
The
first one?
Yeah. Well I never watched so I don't like blood. So like when this one came out I was young ish I guess. And I was just like, I can't watch this because it's bloody and then I just never watched it.
No,
that's
not better.
Right. Yeah, I can't do that.
Right. Maybe I'll have to give it a try.
Uh huh. Yeah. My four year old loves dinosaurs. So maybe that's something we could watch.
That's funny. Yeah, she's pretty good with scary things. We um, I'm a big Lord of the Rings fan so we
watch a lot. I show her Lord of the Rings. So we started off with like very simple clips you know that didn't have any craziness at all.
Then as she got older I've been showing her a little bit more.
No we didn't start. They're her favorite when she was like 2.5. Her favorite scene was Gandalf fighting the Bell Rog. You know
I'm
afraid she would like act it out and like we gave her a PVC pipe that she would like use this Gandalf's staff and go you shall not pass. So
cute. I know.
That's cool.
That's cool.
Both all yes
Yeah that they're a little bit like I don't know, densely written I guess.
There's a lot of like exposition and lots of like flowery language and
describing forests.
Bar owner.
Yeah. I read The Lord of the Rings, whole all three of the books every year. Like
the year I read my son's middle name is faded in. Yeah.
King of Rohan. He dies, the witch king killed him and then a one comes out.
Yes.
Yeah.
But
no
and
well since I haven't gotten into like gaming much, I played wow once upon a Time before kids, but that's
Word.
Well,
Mm Maybe who does, who guards? Because the Black Gate is more door.
No.
Oh
Our.
Oh that's
kind
of
thing.
That's
what's really
Well
no.
That's cool though. Yeah. I have to look
into
that.
My husband has a, he's a big gamer so he has a gaming computer that can handle it I'm sure.
Well.
No,
Cool. That sounds really fun Someday when I have time I have a four year old and an 11 month old, so it's like I can't do anything on my own at the moment.
I do, yeah.
Yes, I do. I'm harry potter fan to, we're actually just in, so we're reading a philosopher stone with
my four year old and we're starting the movies, we showed up the movies to her a little while ago and she couldn't follow them. She couldn't understand the accents very well either. She like didn't know that they were speaking english and she had no idea what was going on. So we stopped and now she's almost 4.5 and we watched the first one and she got it. So we're in the middle of the second one, so yeah,
through
that's cool. That's a good idea that I should get those for her.
I'll look I'll look that one up. Yeah, because my daughter has like this little machine called a junkie. I don't know if you've ever heard of it, but it's
like a
It's really cool. So you can set playlists for them and it uses Bluetooth, so there's little figurines and you just set it on top of this, it's like a speaker and it knows what playlists are there through the figurines so they can music and things. So she has a whole audiobook thing and Hamilton. She's big on Hamilton right now, so she listens to that all rest time. But I could put the Lord of the Rings or the harry potter books on that here to listen to.
I haven't but I know of it.
Okay. That's good to know. Yeah, we don't even have a cd player though. Like my laptop doesn't even have a cd drive in it.
Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, I'm 36. So I remember having walkmans and discussions and everything, but
Yeah, stopping and listening being like, not too far. Yeah, Well, New World. I remember, so I'm a teacher. And one time I said to my class, I was like, oh, you know, I listened to this on a Walkman once. I mentioned Walkman and they were all like, what's a walkman? It's like you guys don't even Yeah,
we're cool.
Oh, I didn't know that. That was like to flip like to flip a record or something.
Well,
that's
what,
Right. That makes a lot of sense. That's really cool. Actually
see
you when the battery dies and I have to charge again. Yeah, that's
funny.
eric Gordon Darwin?
The L the dark haired liv. Tyler Uh huh
All
Well
good.
But that was played up a little bit well. And in the books actually are win is like pretty much non existent. She only she's not in the books hardly at all
until the very end. There's a little so he wrote all these appendices, which is like all the background stories and linear.
Similarly, there's a whole separate book that's going to be so have you heard that the amazon is doing a new Lord of the Rings series? So they're going to be doing it like so merrily in time, which is like thousands of years before Lord of the Rings happens. So
No, the similarly and I couldn't even get through that was that it's like in the Tolkien world if you've read the summer early and you're like gold star level because it's so hard to get through. Yeah.
huh
They were there.
I'm
sorry.
yeah and it's
just
so bad. They were just so bad.
Yeah, I bought only the first one and then I just recently bought the second one on, on like amazon streaming to show my daughter because she wanted to see because you don't see the dragon and the first one. And so I was like well let's by the second one, we can see him but we haven't even I haven't bought I saw the third one once in the theaters. Haven't bothered to even buy it or watch it or anything.
Oh yeah, I mean the character, the girl elf is not even in the book, I get why he added it because
there's literally like no females in talking stuff, you know, there's like a win, that's it, so it makes sense to want to add that, but like the thought that uh dwarf would fall in love with an elf is so wrong. It's so like inter species things did not happen, that would never happen.
You
don't know.
he definitely could have added more like kick ass female figures, but I don't think that was like in his mind as an author when he's reading.
Yeah, but it was just, it got so corny, so fast, I couldn't even in the theater, I was just like, oh God, and I went to the midnight premiers of all of them,
so it's like one am and I'm just like, what is this shit? Like, why am I here?
uh
that
one?
okay, I'll have to look that up to. Yeah that's a good idea. Yeah my friend was just um in New Zealand she actually got stuck there like cause of Covid,
they went for a while and then they got stuck and stayed for until their Visa like expired for almost a year. They were there
but when well they were there they went to like Hobbiton and all this stuff and she's like I've never seen the movies but you know they told me this is a good place to go when I was like oh you shouldn't be there, I should be there
So we are
I don't want
No
that's
what? Oh my God
these
oh my God that's crazy.
What?
that sounds just like miserable.
that's a good sport
What?
No.
I would have been doing all sorts of quotes and
And that's uh
like
the priest something? Oh cool.
What?
What?
close enough,
that's funny, that makes it even funnier,
that's cool.
you
were like
well
not three plus hours of movies on one disk, I've marathon all three extended editions in a day before.
from
Uh huh That's funny, you see our timer,
Aaron
larry.
Yeah it was fun, it was nice talking movies with you can
always
have more things yeah
yeah have a good day,
bye