Hi um I'm Angelina. What
is your name? Yeah
Good
to meet you.
Yeah. Have you been? How are you
working? What kind of
work
do you do?
wow it's
job.
Probably useful because I think you did most of it at home right? Even during quarantine.
Okay. All right so it hasn't
really affected your work that much then.
relax.
that makes sense. What projects do you usually work on? Yeah.
jeez.
I have
400.
This
that's cool. So a bit of marketing involved stuff.
It's cool. You created the gonad before? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah that's cool taking I'm gonna take a calm side class in the fall so but I've only done like contact once in high school so I'm kind of worried we'll see how it goes. Yeah.
You
want
to make time?
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah that makes more sense. Yeah. Then it's true but still I'm like I'm not good at com so at least I don't think I am but we'll see
I'm currently majoring
in mechanical onion. Mhm.
Yeah so I kind of have to take a concept classes it required but I only have to take one and I'm done so that's good.
Yeah I just finished my first year
of college
so. Yes.
well I'm gonna be moving back to around my campus but all my classes are basically online but it's better than I guess being at home and taking my classes because at least I can just be with my friends and take my classes online but still hanging out with my friends. So that's good. Yes. When did you start doing um these studies online? That
was
you
some of them are kind of interesting too because they make you guess like what they wanted to figure out from the studies. So that was kind of fun to, now I started in june and it's been okay. I feel like because I have so much free time like it's better tonight. We spend some of it during studies making some extra cash I guess. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do in your free time when you're not looking on software development stuff? Yeah.
The only place? Software,
oh my God I have been in quarantine for the past like four months now And I have not really gone outside
to exercise anything. Which is so bad because before quarantine I would walk like between 10,000 to 20,000 steps a day and then once quarantine started I wouldn't even hit 200 sometimes like 200 steps, which is really bad.
Good.
I have way too much for your time honestly, for the past four months, all I have done is play games, take naps and that's it because I have nothing else to do.
Because
I think I play I'm really bad at it by playing legal legends. I don't know if you know about that game. Yeah,
I play with my friends every day because I'm nothing else to do. But yeah, it's fun. So yeah,
you're playing the game.
I don't know about that.
Racing games.
Heard of it? Yeah, I played more like battle type of games has put like Yeah. Yeah.
yeah, I played it before.
It's like okay I feel like, but it's very much like you can just let it play in your phone type of game because there's like the auto the auto version. So you can just let the let the, what's a coffee. The avatars, I guess like just fight each other. So I don't know, it's okay. I played it for this thing called, I don't know if you know what's called Swag Bucks.
Yeah.
I've
been doing a lot of these things just because I have nothing else to do until I go back to college. So.
Yeah, I've been just play like a bunch of like the games at the mobile apps on discover. So yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you done any of the mobile app offers before?
You
know, there's, there's some other ones that are pretty good because some of them, um, you can just let it run on your phone while you do
work and then you'll be done with it within like a few hours. Just pretty good. Yeah,
those two are actually the only ones I used, I think in the beginning because I started I started using prolific in june and then by the end of the month I figured I found out about swag bucks and then I was trying to find some other ones. But then I was like, this is a lot of work. So I just stopped there and didn't find any more. Yeah, I just had some other ones. Like there was like responded I think and use your interviews and with that I like apply for it. But then every time like I tried to like participate in something, they would just like disqualify me or something. So I didn't get to participate in them about you. Do you use anything other than sandbox from politics,
you know?
yeah. Yeah. I have heard of that one, but I feel like they don't really want my demographic.
I feel like
um yeah, because I remember I've seen what's it called, I think I've looked on there before. But then a lot of the things that they want are usually like people of your demographic, like someone that's a manager or like a software like engineer, stuff like that. So they don't want a college student That's female probably. But those pain. Well, I feel
like I don't want, it's like each one is like between like 50-200. Right?
I got you created.
Oh wait, I think I've seen this one before. Is it just like they just wanted to check out like specific websites and stuff and then you just like, like products and they used to review them. Mhm.
Yeah, I think I tried to do it. I didn't get it's all right. Yeah.
So is your
area
still quarantining
you guys still supposed to be like been locked down and stuff?
That's
Oh yeah I think like they're starting to enter the red state recently that where it's like florida California texas like a bunch of other southern states are also hitting like a warning or something. I don't know. I don't do you think it's going to go away anytime soon? Yeah.
if you like if people are just quarantine for six weeks maximum starting like in like mid March it would be gone by now completely. Probably if people just stopped seeing each other but that didn't happen so.
Okay.
Do they are their fans in the stadiums are still known?
definitely not. Not the U. S. Has. For sure. It's so bad. I'm kind of used to go back to campus because of it. Just because there's a lot of people coming from all different areas. But I think my friends and I are all going to get tested as soon as we land so hopefully it's fine. Yeah. Mhm.
I think we're van.
I do the U. S. Van. It's also probably better to not travel during this time anyway so. Yeah.
that
is true but it's true like honestly and any country would be better than here for
now.
You know it's definitely I think it's better by now china everywhere else is fine like everywhere else fun curve and then the U. S. Curve. What like here and then went up.
It's honestly embarrassing as a country. But can we do
it's okay. I mean as soon as you come out with a virus, I feel about the vaccine. Enemy should be fine hopefully. Yeah.
Are you anti vaccine?
Yeah. Mhm.
Great.
makes sense.
that is true, that makes sense. It's actually pretty smart, I haven't thought about that. So when they do come out with one, I think I'm also gonna wait a while to make sure it's like not defected or anything before I take it.
Yeah, that is true.
Also it's just like they don't even know what exactly is wrong, like how the virus really affects the
body and stuff and they don't know how to treat it well and stuff, so yeah, it would be hard to develop a vaccine, but yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm, wow.
Yeah, it's pretty good. It's in um like Pittsburgh.
Yeah, I think that's the second biggest college town, There's like four or five different colleges in that area, so it's nice and I think a lot of my friends are going back, so I'm excited to go. It's nice because it's just like, I don't know college is just nice because I got to be away from home and just be more independent and girl on my own. So
with some habits. Mhm.
That's nice.
Well,
did you have a fake, is that what
I realize? Talk about some of that here, It's being upon not compensate has been recorded maybe. Okay, forget we talked about that. Yes, I don't drink, I will leave until two anyway.
It's like, Okay, okay, I can't talk about it because I'm not 21 yet
for Yeah.
Wait,
what did you say?
well, I mean that's just, it's called a. S. A. It's just basically asian student association, I just hang out with other people of my demographic basically. Um Most so in a it's kind of weird to say, but I mean it's Rory it's nice and then I'm also in speedy, it's just called Society
Woman Engineers. So which is nice to go. And then they have a lot of opportunities for like volunteering stuff. So I've gone to like help out like food drives and stuff for people who need it in the area. They just provide a lot of like little events, which is really fun. Yeah, I don't do any sports or anything unfortunately,
but I must just not fit enough for that. So yeah, cold is nice. What do you do in college?
Oh, so you were you went
to the
university and the europe maybe or
something?
Wouldn't
be a broad program or was it?
Very cool. I
kind of want to do that like, or like I probably can't do the exact same thing
you did.
I want to like study abroad. It would be really cool. So she's somewhere in europe. Yeah.
Yeah. So did you learn german?
Enough to get by?
what you know you you see I don't wanna do that sounds fun. Something we're going to do it. Yeah,
because sometimes
I'll talk to like some adults, especially my guidance counselor back in high school and he was like the one thing he regretted not doing in college was studying abroad. So I can maybe I could. Okay. Yes.
Mhm.
You would have had to cancel it and stuff, don't you lose money when you cancel? Mhm. Yes. Even if you buy insurance for that, you're traveling, you still lose some, right? If you cancel last minute.
That is
Mhm. Let's see. I was going to visit my sister um during spring break, but then I couldn't because of the
virus
because that's hit at that exact moment.
No, she lives it in florida.
Okay. She was there for her residency.
she's done now. I don't get to go anymore. I wanted to go to Disneyland. You know the typical places. Universal Studios, but the next.
I'm jealous. I've never met. I want to go. Yeah.
Okay. Maybe when I'm like older
because
That's nice. Damn.
In the future. Maybe I didn't really travel a lot. Actually. I haven't gotten to really just stuck in my bubble. But when I get older, once I got a job and I can pay for it all myself and I can go around. Mhm. It's different.
I didn't think about that unless you're working as like I feel like an education or something where you get like a two month vacation other than that you're basically working all year round. Right?
I don't know.
Well.
I'm not surprised but I don't know. It's just stuff we see in the media all the time but it's like yes we know about it but we can't do anything about it. I feel
like
so you know and they were just feed into capitalism that stuff. I mean like I feel like in a first world country it's kind of inevitable but that's my take on it. Yeah. Are most of your friends in the same career field as you
based
on?
pounds.
so
it's it's cool the D. C. Nights thank
nice place to live.
Is it more expensive than new york?
Uh huh. That's
where I am new york city.
Uh huh. Uh Well tell the people yeah it's probably really nice but for me I grew up here so I want to go everywhere else but here.
Mhm.
Oh yeah that'd be cool but I think um two apartments are really expensive here like in
Manhattan. Crazy so yeah
I
don't even kelly that's where I want to go. My sister also told me there aren't that many like mechanical engineering jobs offered in new york city so I'm probably not gonna being staying here anyway so
negative have in California. Oh.
Uh
I don't know I'm just studying move the thing I will put in my first year I just learned about laser printing three D. Printing stuff like that. But I haven't really gotten into like the specific careers that the career opportunities that there are and most confused because I started out as a civil and environment engineer. But I wanted to do environmental engineering. That's my school makes you take civil with it. And the major itself is more focused on civil than an environmental. So I talked about, I talked to my advisor, he was like because I'm also interested in mickey stuff like the materially learning Nikki so he's
like take mickey and then you can just find a job with a focus in an environment based stuff in the future. So yeah I don't know. Hopefully can still work in things like maybe like irrigation systems, stuff like that But also really like design. Like I don't know if you know about auto cat stuff like that. You know that software?
Yeah. It's like just like product design. It was really fun as well. Yeah. There's there's like a few things I'm like into, but I don't know what specifically I'm interested in. So like do as a full time career. Mhm.
Yeah. I think like maybe like especially like I'll probably know after sophomore year because I'll be taking classes more focused in my major because the first year I took an intercourse but then everything else was like standard things like doing a math course, taking, I took statistics stuff like that. Not really like focused into my major, but this year I am. So you can find out, do you always want to do software development?
that is true.
It's cool if I it was good at computer signs, maybe all, maybe it would have been software engineering. Uh huh.
that's true. That makes sense. Okay. Sorry. Okay.
So yeah. Sorry, my mom is bothering me. Have a door close. She wants me to open it. Yeah. Um
I think I think we're always supposed to talk for like 20 minutes, 25 minutes.
Yes. It was good to get to getting to know you. That's right.
Yes. Thank you. Good luck with your career in a software developer. Yes.
Okay. Stay
safe during the pandemic desire.
Bye bye.