Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. What's going on? Come on. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. It's like, you know. Mhm Hello?
Hey
man,
I
waited
so yeah, I've been working all day.
And
to,
I'm actually a software developer.
It's okay.
A lot of work.
Before quarantine even I'm a freelancer mostly
thank you.
Kind of because I'm working like with businesses and, and
like shops and stores and so pretty much most of them are very scared like to get on new projects, so they're very afraid.
So usually like for example if you have a business, like if you have a sore for example, you said that if you sell anything for example, like teddy bears like behind you right now. So for example, nice one by the way. So
if you feel for example like satellite television, so you basically like making nail and say like I make websites and I can like increase
like
your seeds. So, but basically like I can create like a website
where you have, for example like a check out or Yeah.
I love this too.
yeah. Just remember like if you're, if
you're in
campsite
you just copy gold. You don't create gold. Mm
Yeah.
Good call. So what do you study writing their name?
That's
complex
increased.
I'm
talking about.
uh are you going like are you doing like remote once the or right now?
Like
I just uh
I tried to like mostly and March Brandi It's like when I have more free time. So I would like to think of ways of 2, 2 studies and I kind of enjoyed it. Like it doesn't take a lot of time. like if you did.
So actually in an hour I'm going to go and play soccer with.
No.
Who?
Yeah. Someone who is inside the house most of the time I can relate to this like 200s. But uh the three, I hope like everyone I play with this uh is there a and go to freak us otherwise? So what do you do to like to do anything
in a free time like other than walking?
One
games.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh of course like uh I play like FIFA, you know the soccer game?
I play also a lot of racing games like
like uh Formula one and
Like I was doing like a study like users test, I was assigned like to, I don't know if you've heard this game or not. It's called Raid Shadow Legends. Yeah. Yeah.
So I was asked to try the beta version of it. Okay.
Swag Bucks. Yeah.
With
the,
I do it as well. I do it as well.
I pretty much have to get on it as well.
I think I've done only like better each other vengeance otherwise I didn't do like,
but
Help.
Yeah. So what other things we use are the van lock swag box and produce african.
So I use something
on my phone. It's called, let's check. Don't remember if I used the user testing. I don't know if you heard about it
your
time.
No.
Like everyone is like the regular ones are 10 But sometimes like if they want you like for an hour for example to do like an interview or something that they can pay like 60. Okay
so but this is very rare like this is like once and for two months so it's
Exactly.
What?
This
is
questions
Mhm. Look here I'm don't think in the D. C. Area Washington D. C. So people here are very good good. Like
I'm living in the Virginia part like right now in northern Virginia were close to D. C. We're doing good like we don't have much cases but the rest of Virginia's is all over the place.
No it's because people are very stubborn. It's like yes.
like uh
like I watched like as I mentioned like this and I'm a big soccer fan, as I mentioned. So like I get very envious like when I'm watching like the soccer games in europe and Italy and they're just finished the digs, it may just returned and finish that everything can.
No, there's still no fans, but they're going to face them in like in the next couple of months.
Yeah. This time for example, I was thinking like I want to go to europe.
but we're bands.
Because my idea was I'll probably be safer, safer in european
here.
I understand.
I'll say I'd rather go to a woman right now. The center of fire.
Yeah. It's like, it's like stairs. It's like going like the stairs.
Before
you.
Anti vaccine. Uh
just like probably I'm
not gonna take it like the first, the first like try ends. Uh
probably like wait like until, you know, like the side effects and
Because the way like they're explaining by the vaccination, it's kind of shady because they're, they're kind of like a lot of like self interest groups in the middle and so scar worrying.
All
And
Mhm
mhm
So how is your college town? Is this a nice college town
Pittsburgh?
Mm Yeah, I wasn't improvement in indiana. I don't know if you hear hear of it.
it's a it's like indiana University. I used to go through it. It's all this was, it used to be like a very nice college town when I was there
like a lot of bars and ask comes it's
fine.
Help.
Well no I don't drink like overall like just I don't buy a good thing.
so
So uh are you like in organizations or clubs and and
diversity?
like are you in clubs or organizations in you're you're Yeah.
me.
Bye.
Mhm. So pretty much like I was in uh like let me say this, I used to go like in college in a foreign country for first and then I transferred to you so it's been like a lot of advantage
I didn't
know
better.
It was in the age of Zeitoun. Yeah so
I was actually
this was actually a german program so it was kind of like a german university and I came here transferred you.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hey.
But if you didn't get like this opportunity I guess like after the coronavirus things and think and maybe you can go like too I think I don't know which countries are interested in but for example like in Germany for example there's something called the Goethe Institute and it's uh and they usually like what you like with other people who want to for example learn german and they take you out and and make you like learn german
and I know some german
yeah enough to get back because some of my family are Germans or actually swiss
Yeah yeah
good.
Yeah look
I was planning to travel like this this summer and then everything but I'm glad I tend to any reservation otherwise. Uh
You know, I'm I don't really know. I guess it's it's a policy for different countries and different airlines. I
don't usually travel with american airlines so I don't travel with them.
Thank
you.
she's living here.
No fun. Mhm. Okay.
My Yeah.
I've been to Orlando before. Very nice. I've been also to Universal Studios. Mhm. That's
If
yeah, but that
was like 11 of uh like like I stayed like in the hostage. So, so there were like a lot of people who are like my age, so it was three. Very very nice.
I don't
But the problem with the job is they're not going to give you time. Like they're gonna be an oink.
How much? Yeah, there's this guy who I follow on Youtube. His name is Joshua fluke. He
used to be like engineering vital and and then he like transition to software engineering and then now he's a Youtuber so but but like he he always like makes videos about the corporate cringe. He talks
about how corporation like abuse there black workers so.
You
know.
Any paper I would say
like
it depends like who which friends like friends from college probably. But like from friends who I know like trump soccer or I know like from
other activities they're all over over like jobs but mostly like in this area where I am it's mostly like high paying jobs so mostly like in technical fields mostly government contracting here
of course since I'm next to D. C. So it's all like government. So. Yeah.
No.
Yeah, it's very nice. It's expensive. Like it's one of the most expensive areas in the country, but that's very good like
no, not new york city itself,
but
you're from new york city. That's right. I've been to new york like a lot of times of course.
But new york, right.
I think I want to go to new york, but I want to try it like a couple look, maybe a year or something.
All
I think just
don't fuck.
so
so as a mechanical
engineer, what do you do mostly?
Look.
like I I know about it.
Don't worry, I was in the same situation as yourself. I didn't, I didn't figure it out. Something like, okay, you're a color into herself.
Like uh like and no, not not all of the time, but but like I came to the realization that I want to do like software engineering. It's because all the time I'm doing like problem solving, software engineering is mostly of problem solving. So
and it it takes like a lot of time enough to figure out problems, so. Mhm.
So three like my interest that comes from what I'm building like, like, like I don't really like I wouldn't say like I'm a big fan of coating like but but I'm a fan of like what I'm bad language with cold.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I guess we, we, we went past that like,
good, good talk for you and your college and
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's him.