But mm.
Hi
how are you?
how did you answer your question about how you're feeling? Oh
like I I answered a seven for that one.
Yeah and it was only because I was scrambling to try and get everything done in order to get here on time. You know my name's curtsy, what's yours?
Ashley, nice to meet you.
So
uh they didn't really give us talking points. Do you have any ideas?
Thank
you.
Well
I yeah I didn't see any. But where do you what state do you live in?
You live in texas? I'm in Illinois. So yeah it's uh it's interesting have you been following all of the the news that's going on? And I know texas was kind of hard hit.
definitely.
I think it's
been like seven weeks here and uh work just of course really suffers. I have three I have three jobs, one of which I'm on a voluntary leave. Um It's a pet store and it's still open, it's considered essential, but I didn't really want to chance it and you know they have to give hours to people and some people want to keep keep going.
So
it's
you know it's fine and then I'm a teacher or substitute and schools are closed and have them.
So that was gone. So now I'm down to my last one which is also suffering because I'm a real estate agent and and um you know it's a it's a little bit unreasonable to expect that people would want to show their home and do and have all of these strangers walking through, you know, so um but you know here and there I I I can follow a few things because it's also considered essential. So um so I'm allowed to do it is just that the work isn't there? So it's uh it's hard. But uh
what do you do, do you work at home or you are out of work now?
So are there maybe we're not supposed to talk about other survey sites on this thing but um
I like I like prolific quite a bit but I didn't know of any others. So that the names that you just mentioned are ones that I have not heard of before. So are they good?
cool. Well this one I got from a friend and um I've enjoyed it quite a bit. What I like more so than than some of the other ones that you can get like through swag bucks and places like that is that these are academic uh have academic content. That's how highly appealing to me. Well what were
the names
of other ones that you that you said?
amazon mechanical turk. That's weird. Okay.
Cool. Um Well that's good if you can if you can make enough money at it. I mean, I'm warm up for trying other ones too. Um Of course. Are you getting a little tired of the covid surveys? Yeah.
The
extent the extent of it was not nearly far reaching. I know when that was going on at the time I was married and we actually prepared for it. We prepared so we could shelter in place for two years and uh I'm still eating some of that food even now because I don't want it to go to way. But when we were rationalizing it, we kept thinking, ok, it's an insurance policy. If something happens, were prepared. If it doesn't happen, we might need to throw away a little food. So I have had to throw away some because some things just don't last forever. Uh But other things, um, some of the canned foods, gosh, they last forever and you know, it's been fine. I haven't gotten sick and I also don't have to go out so much because I'm I've got a lot of
but
I mean,
Well,
And it's
hard,
It's
hard
to
do
everything online too. I mean, you know, like the way the K through 12 kids have to have school now, that's difficult, especially for younger kids. I think that college age students could probably take it a little bit more in stride. But still there isn't a substitute for for that. I don't know the physical presence sometimes because we give you motivation, inspiration, you know, like being in front of your speaker and stuff like that. So I don't know. I think that it would be hard to fall.
Well, they could uh, implement, I don't know, it would be, it would work better at larger institutions that have really large lecture halls, like where I went to school. Many of the lecture halls I was in, they could hold, you know, a lot of people, you could easily do that six ft spacing and wear a mask and have a whole whole there, you know. Um, and then of course the instructor is far enough away from you that maybe he wouldn't need to mask, you know. But uh, I think with a little ingenuity, a little creativity, you know, it could, it could be, I don't think the viruses going anywhere. I think
that
people want to start planning on how to restructure things so that you can live in the world with it and still kind of function a little bit, at least until a year from now when maybe there's a vaccine but but
still.
it's
I
think it's a little bit crazy and risky and it's a little too cavalier for my taste. I mean you know but I guess some it just depends upon how the person views it and I mean I have a science background. I am completely into it. I don't think that they're Overblowing it or anything. Um I think that it's prudent
to
listen to the scientists and take the recommendations you know?
And plus I mean I'm
and I would worry that you know like a pre existing condition or something. So like if I got it that maybe I get sicker I don't know. Yeah. Are you an animal person?
I got
visit
or sitting next to me. That's why I asked. Yeah.
Her name, Her name is luna. Yeah
I was. She always
hangs
out and she's
She's almost 19. She's 18 and 3/4. Yeah.
Not not
cats. It depends
if they're outdoor cats then. Yeah they're like plan is cut in half. But if they're indoor cats and they're lucky enough not to have genetic anomalies and they have you know is on top of their health which I do. Um Then you get lucky. I just I lost her sister. Um Gosh in what day is it today? In nine days? It will be one year since I lost her sister. And uh
and that would just show just shy of her 18th birthday. But
you know in keeping with our conversation on the pandemic, it's really good that she was not here with what was wrong with her. If it had been happening now it would have been so difficult because you can't go in with them. My son and daughter in law lost their kitty and they had to I mean they had to put him to sleep but they couldn't go in with him, they had to give him over in the parking lot and he had to be by himself and that
you know that more than the fact that he that he died was that was the saddest thing to me and I could not shake it for days and it still makes me upset to think about it and you know it's like I worry about that, I want to I'm very paranoid about luna. I try watch her like a hot, I don't want anything to happen and I don't definitely don't want that to happen to her. So. But uh yeah so anyway so um he said you do online work, Are you married? Are you alone?
I get it.
Is
she
working?
Yeah my mom lives in California and she lives she is not married but she has three people that live with her, which is a good thing because you know in her eighties and she needs to be looked out for. But it's the people she lives with that I'm we're concerned about then then her getting it because of something she's done, I'm worried about we're getting it because of what her the people who live with her do. But you know hopefully they're following rules and stuff like that, it's like they are. But uh yeah it's it's crazy. I don't know that it will.
Yeah. I think um my daughter was affected like that because she had a roommate that was, well I guess they consider her essential, but she drives for, you know, like a pizza place, but not she's not careful. Um she's a slob and she hangs out with all sorts of people and I was so worried about that and it was just really a good thing that we encouraged and convinced our daughter to move out from that situation. She's moved into a different situation which is far better, But uh otherwise it's just too scary. And uh you know, she would have with her health. She definitely, she's young. She's like she's 30. Yeah, she just turned 30. Um she's young but um still
not healthy enough for her immune system to fight off something very serious, you know? And um so there you go. How
do
you do you have, do you have spring yet in texas?
Well
yeah, I know where my mom lives. She lives in the desert in California. So it gets, you know like 105, you know, stuff like that when
I visit, which has not been any time in the recent past. But I usually shot for like April May June because it's before the heat really sinks in and all the flowers are blooming in the desert and stuff and it's pretty. So um and here we're just so up and down yesterday it was gardening with her and it was nice. It was even bordering on very warm and humid and today it was freezing. So you know,
got to love
with our boy the midwest with its freak thunderstorms and all of that good stuff. So.
Well
what? Well, yeah, part part of it is that and you know like when there is snow, maybe there'll be more because of lake effect snow and stuff like that. I'm not, I'm not close. Well, I guess relatively speaking out because I'm like an hour north of Chicago in, in the suburbs won not by the city at all. Um But they still get affected, You still get affected by lake effect snow, but it's less and less as you go further away from the lake. And I'd saying, I don't know, I'm probably 45 minutes away from lake Michigan. I mean if I were to drive their, my in laws used to live well so I can kind of time it out. But so what do you like to do for fun?
I got you. I'm on a, well tonight's the last night because I keep, I signed up for cBS all access once and paid for it. And then I canceled it before the, before the month was up. And I said, Oh, won't you come back we'll give you a month for free. Well, so I get it. And I've been doing that every as soon as I canceled about 2-3 weeks later. Here comes the email and I signed up again. So I have been watching survivor from the very beginning now and I'm on uh well I'm on the first episode of season 14 and I might stay up, I don't know, I might stay up late tonight, I stay up very late last night. Um But it's the last night I'll have it for a while, so I'm I'm watching that and but the reason why I really wanted to sign up for it was um The Good Fight with Christine Baranski. She was one of the people on The Good Wife when that was on regular CBS. And the Good Fight is so good. I just this is me off that you have to pay through CBS all access to see it. But whatever the system has been working because I've had like four months of it for free and And you know now I'm halfway through survivor. It's very confused because I'm watching these old episodes like I finished 13 last night and the current season is all winners. It's called winners or so everybody who's on the current season has won the game. And one of the guys I really like Was the winner of this season 13 that I just walked. I liked him just on the season where he won as as the one he's on now. But yeah, I love I'm addicted to television and it's only worse because of this whole virus thing. Um You know it's it's terrible and I do the best I can to drag myself away
but usually I find I can get a lot of work done and still watch a lot of tv so. Uh
Well as long
as it doesn't take over your life. Yeah, but it's
fun,
you know?
They're on their on season 40, it's been on for 20 years
and it's it's weird because my my son and daughter in law kind of got me hooked on it. One time when I went to visit they had a whole bunch of this recording stuff and before I was always like uh like I don't like the music and I was like in my head I thought well this is crazy and I don't like reality shows. Well, so then one of my friend got me hooked on Big Brother and then my son gets me hooked on Survivor and the game from the first episode that you mentioned, I came in on it what like uh like five years ago maybe. And when I want very first one I thought I like the way they played it way back at the beginning because it was more, I don't know it seemed more really like surviving. There was less build up the the activities they did were more jungle related things like that. But before it's interesting now that I am committed to watching the entire thing, I don't know how many years or how many months it will take me of waiting for free cbs all access. But it's very
interesting to see the evolution of the game, how they they put it in a twist or they'll
take one
away. You know, it's it's really a good thing to see how it's evolved and some things I like better some things are worse but and I was just speculating with a friend today about Big Brother because that's usually on in the summer and I haven't heard any advertisements or anything like that for it. So, but I was thinking, you know, if everybody got tested they could and everybody was negative, they could throw them all in the house together and still have a have the show, the cameraman would have to be far apart from each other. But I haven't heard Mentioner, so who knows if it's going to
end
up
happening?
I heard
that, I
heard that
They
were,
But
you know if they didn't, if it happened after they were already housed, they were all state where they were, you know.
and then there,
you
know, they were their families, what if something happened to one of their family members and they were never even told there was an issue, you know? But um
at
the power.
Yeah, I can imagine how hard that would have been, just really awful. Um I thought about something and I forgot what I was gonna say. Oh
By
the by
the boulders. Yeah.
The number
12.
Do you listen
to um cuomo he's on like every morning
then
there.
Well
he actually does, he's I was watching him every day. I'm I'm purposely trying to distance myself from watching so much news, but when you listen to its news briefings, he's very well spoken, he's articulate, he makes sense. He's logical. Um So from that standpoint I like to listen and then you know, it's it's easier than listening to the white house news briefings. Um
We won't go there but on and then
you know, and then I try and catch, it's very difficult to get local news, but I finally discovered in Illinois at least at 2 30 every day. Our governor does his press conference. So that's if I'm going to tune into any of them, I try to tune into that one now, just because you know, like now I know that we're still on the stay at home order through the end of May, you know, and I told somebody else that and they said, oh really? I didn't know that, you know, and you might not know it unless you specifically either listen to the local news, you know, whenever it's on or his news briefing. So, but so
just
kind of yeah,
two.
He
he
seems he seems okay. He speaks well. What I, the pluses I'll give him is that he is agreeing to listen to scientists to
take his recommendations and make his plans. Um I don't know if he's doing anything that you know, like he's the from the White House, he's being um accused of, you know, like asking for more of this and more of that and everything when when he doesn't really need it. I don't know if it's true or not. And uh and I don't know to what extent governor of Illinois or any Democratic state um is asking for money, which isn't really covid related. It's trying to ask for more to bail out the state. And I know that I know the Illinois California, there are a whole bunch of states that are, you know, they've had problems for years with their pent forms and all sorts of monetary things and you know, I don't think it would be right for they're asking for help, whether, I don't care whether you're a democrat or a Republican, don't ask for help to help bail out things that the state itself should have fixed, ask for help because it actually is related to the pandemic, you know, that's that's reasonable. The other stuff is not reasonable to get a federal bailout on it, so,
but I don't
know, I don't know.
I can't make that decision for people. I mean, I agree the economy is suffering um people's retirement, you know, like I feel sorry for the people who are just a bit older than me who have counted on in, you know, two years, I'll be able to just I won't have to do this and I'll start living off the money I've been saving while that money got cut in half, you know, so it you know, from that standpoint, I understand the economic hardships and stuff like that, but if you can give it a little time to rebound and like the stock market is rebounding a little bit already, you know, and it's you know, and we're not nearly done being done with this thing. I know Illinois base rate is still rising yet they put in um they're allowing certain people to open up again and stuff like that. I just I get I get really mad when I hear about certain things opening up, you know, like why would you do Church services? That's a Big
one. People close
together
and they are congregated, you know, So
well
it's
so full. Yeah, me
either.
My mother is very anxious to get back to it and I said well you better be safe. And she said, well, hardly anybody goes to our church anymore to, you know, maybe they can't 66 ft apart, I don't know. Um
Oh yeah. And they last, those services can sometimes last for hours, you know, like if it's uh if it's a high mass or something like that, if you're a catholic that last for a long time and just think about all the hands on the little wafers and on the cups and all the, you know, take, taking it, putting it right into their system. So yeah, it's a good thing they did that, so. Okay. Oh,
anyway,
Well, yeah,
Or
are
our people blaming God for uh for the workers in Wuhan who let the virus escape? Is that God's fault? Is a human? It's the whole chicken or the egg thing, you know? Um
You know,
I
don't
know,
like
one.
Well
the latest, the latest I heard, and this was in the last day that there's more evidence to suggest that a worker got it and gave it to another worker and they actually had human to human transmission and then they were allowed to go off on their merry way. So so I think a jury might still be out. I don't know. I don't know.
All
Couldn't
walk.
I mean
And I
and
I
don't think I don't think china is going to cough up the real thing if they know. I don't think they're going to cough it up.
You
know.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Given are spread rate for them to only have gotten what I think the last I heard
was like 3300 people die total out of however many were infected. That's just you know, ridiculously low.
In a.
definitely.
I heard that yeah, a couple days ago I heard that. So well we'll see, we'll know in a couple of weeks like if Georgia starts spiking again and some of the places who have reopened things in a week and a half to two, we'll start hearing about it and and hopefully
it's
not
going back
up.
But
easy if you can, if you can make money from your own house, it's a lot easier to think that way. Um I do wish I could go the jobs would be there again, but you know, I understand it and at least for a while, you know, I just live off savings and hopefully it'll end soon enough where you know, I don't deplete or anything like that. Yeah, I think we've done our 25 did you
want?
But this was kind of fun. I was actually looking
forward to it because I've never I've never done anything like this before and I hate to look at myself on video. I'd rather go like that. Um But I thought, well what the hell? I'm going to try it, you know, and see what happens. But it's been kind of cool. And um well, I will try those. You told me app in a P.
I. M. Is
that how
Oh, a P P E N and then amazon mechanical turk. Okay, I'm going to look at those two at least and see maybe maybe you will help me make some more money. I need that. This was fun. I mean, I like this one, so
maybe I won't, I won't be so afraid of it the next time because some of the other ones that have come up where it's been like, it requires a recording or something. It's like, oh no, I have to be seen by somebody. I mean I just wouldn't change my shirt so because otherwise I'd be and I mean I basically wear the same outfit all the time because there's nobody around so why not? But anyway, um I'm ready to go if you are. Um and mostly because I never got to finish eating dinner and I'm hungry. But um so on this one, what do we what do we do? Do we how do you end
it?
I
know
I read the instructions I kept the other tab is open the whole time, so we just click
out
of
this tab.
You
mean
the
one that has the one that we read our instructions on? Okay, I'll go back to that one. Well
it
was
97.
Nice to meet you too and have get
a get an animal one of these days, you'll be happy. I'm all about
adoption by by bye.