Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm, wow. Same thing, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, Yeah, no, wow, mhm Uh huh Mhm Uh huh. Yeah, yeah, wow. Yeah. Hello? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Mhm Oh okay. Okay. Okay. But Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm Okay. Mhm,
Mhm
Hi,
I'm fine. I cannot please you there? You are Okay.
fairly positive.
Yeah, I think I was like 567 ish,
I'm Ashleigh
nice to meet you
as well.
Uh No, I mean I assumed we would be given like prompts,
I
mean that's what makes sense, you know? I would
assume like
I live in texas,
uh texas is fairly ish hard hit, but like, I mean it's not as bad as like new york, which is just kind of horrifying. Honestly, it's just the whole this whole thing is so surreal, like everybody's been in quarantine for like two months and we've been like, everybody just we want to get out, but like we really shouldn't just standing inside
the inside. It's fine. I mean,
I mean,
Keep
hoping
so.
Dana.
I would imagine so.
I I work at home and basically, you know, I use these online surveys and whatnot and you use online platforms as my means of making money. You know, like, like Mturk app in prolific, you know,
it took.
Yeah. I like them. I've been using them for a while.
I
mean
happen and amazon mechanical turk.
also use click worker and use your testing. Yeah.
little bit. I mean like there's only so much you can say. I mean this is surreal. This is weird. I mean, I mean I was in college when the whole H one N one swine flu happened and like they didn't shut down schools, they didn't do anything like that.
I mean that
And
you're prepared from the last time. But like
I want, I was like looking on like unesco site and it's it's amazing how many students have been impacted by this. I mean like pretty much almost almost 100%. I mean there's
very few. It's just shocking. I mean, and like and like then there's a whole whole thing with like what are we going to do with like fall semester? Like are people are going to make them go back? I mean, I don't I mean that idea just kind of frightens me. You know, I mean like I
think
about it and it Yeah, because
you
don't
want
to.
Plus to me like, I think the idea of sending students to school, especially with college age kids, like, you know the word Petri dish gets thrown around in terms of college and I just, I just feel like if there's going to be a second wave it in the fall, like they keep saying it's just gonna hit college students hard and that just scares the heck out of me.
You
know.
We
kind of just, I mean, yeah, the thing is the people going out to beaches and stuff and I mean, yeah, go have a little fun I guess maybe, but at the same time you're kind of, you're kind of tempting fate. I mean yeah, I guess if you like going to the beach, that's fine, but like at the same time, you know, you're kind of just
don't do
that right now.
That
proof,
You know
that's Yeah.
Yes, I like animals. I I don't have any pets right now, but like, I've had
pets in
the past.
very cute, kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty,
luda,
hi
luna,
She's so cute.
I'm always surprised to hear like those big numbers with like cats and stuff because like, I guess, you know, I'm kind of, I'm kind of used to the idea that like supposedly they last, they live about 10 years, but obviously that's not true
and
and
I'm sorry.
What?
that's awful.
no, I'm not, I'm single, I live with my mother and my grandmother and you know, that's my mother's uh an essential worker, not quite grocery store, but essentially kind of like that. Um
So so
like I'm
kind
of like, yes, she's working, so like, I mean my grandmother is always concerned and like I'm kind of concerned as well.
Yeah, I mean there's articles about like roommates that like, like one of them is just going out amongst people and what not doing whatever and it's like be a little bit more considerate, you know, I mean, I think, I think this this whole thing is kind of showing society's true colors, like, I mean they were really quick to like do certain things and like give people stimulus and like, like it's like, you mean like you can do it, you can do the UBI thing, but like, y'all don't want to because socialism is a scary word, The Comey's or whatever.
And
I mean, you
know
yeah, I mean it's more like kind of the weather here is wild, I think it was like already 90 it's already been the nine in the nineties, so like kind of, we had spring happened kind of like in february March and now it's like, it's almost suppertime, like, I mean, I mean it gets really hot here really hard.
It's
gosh,
Oh my gosh, wow,
is because
it's
because of the Great Lakes.
Um I like to watch movies and tv shows, play video games, that sort of thing. I'm, I'm currently, I was, I was on a binge of watching drunk history, but then um, Sam Loyd from scrubs died and I just started and I just ended up watching scrubs for a while.
I
I mean if you're, I mean obviously we shouldn't be measuring our life and how productive we are because that's very capitalist. See, but like, I mean you should be allowed to watch your shows, you know, and that's really
you're watching.
I,
I only,
I, I only ever watched that first season of Survivor way back when it first aired. Like I was, I was, yeah, I only ever watched it back then, but like I mean I'm thinking about and I'm like wow, that was I was like 12.
Yeah. I know, I'm like wow, They
If
With
just
And
the
thing
and the thing with this, the Big Brother thing is that um like I don't think we were we obviously weren't in production with that um when the whole lockdown started in february, but like other show other productions in other countries, like I think brazil and Germany they were in production and for a while I think they didn't even tell the Germans that
that was happening
and
then and then they um and then and then they did tell them, you know them and the Brazilians, probably the other ones, I don't know how many are in production right now, but like yeah, I mean
they had
to tell them, I
mean
were fine. I mean it's just I mean I guess leaving them in the dark when something this big happened would be kind of unethical, especially when you're doing this kind of show, you know,
I
mean?
um I know like with The Big Brother that was airing in 2000 and one when 9 11 happened, they specifically addressed it because I think somebody had somebody that was at at
night
at at the Towers. Mhm,
and the thing with, I mean this whole pandemic thing, I mean it's at this point we've lost so many people and it's It kind of paid 9-11 kind of pales in comparison now. I mean, I mean,
new
york
mm I mean
new york's
kind of new york's kind of having to do like mass graves at that one island and it's like, and I mean I know the news articles are kind of Overblowing it because you know that's what news articles tend to do, but it's like it's still kind of like, wow, it's
it's
I I don't
listen
to cuomo, I like, I like see like news art news videos about him on like the national news, like A B. C. He seems to have it kind of together I guess.
He's
God.
or loose in the hospital to quote john Mulaney yeah.
What is this
different?
What is this governor in
Illinois like? Is he reasonable?
Is he just kind of
not?
I
Like,
like
they are so worried about the economy and it's like really people are dying, people are dying by the truckloads and they're worried about the economy. Like the lieutenant governor of my state was like, it's the old people will be okay dying for the economy and it's like, what, Why would you say something like that?
exactly.
Let the
church
Yeah, I mean like that's kind of like the whole point of church where you're like sitting all together and you're doing the that that thing where you peace be with you or whatever. I haven't been in the church
in a decade
plus.
I
mean it's
and and, and and like it's a good thing that they closed the church is right before easter because I mean if you ever spent any time in like a catholic church, you know there's a thing with like christmas and easter Catholics.
I mean God
God is gonna forgive them for missing church. I mean it's if you know
I mean it's
just
like
Yeah
and
I mean
we're
during
that what
animal might have caused it. I mean it's it's probably a bat, everyone thinks it's a bad I mean but like those wet markets you know they have all sorts of animals, pangolins and bears and I mean not like regular like livestock e animals so it's like
who knows?
we
might never know. I mean, you know,
I
mean we're probably
sure we're pretty sure that's the place where it originated but like we're just kind of guessing or just I mean they're like, oh,
it was in a lap. No, it
wasn't
in
And
I mean,
I'm sure they're kind of holding back on those numbers. So I mean
80,000
and with a population
of over a billion. Yeah, I'm skeptical.
And and like north Korea right next to china and right next to South Korea is reporting no cases. I'm I don't
I think,
I think the
cases have already started spiking.
I mean,
yeah, I mean like we really should have just kept it close for a little while longer. Like Drew May at least. I mean, I mean
it's
I think
we have.
was,
happened,
you know
A P P E N
Yeah. This was
I
um I think we just click out I guess. I mean that's what it
seems
like.
Let
me
see.
Yeah, I think so. I'm looking let's see. Uh please return to this browser tab it says but it doesn't say anything else. So I
think
we
just,
I think
we
just
closed. Yeah. It was nice chatting with you as well. It's nice to meet you
and that.
Bye bye.