SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, are you? Yeah, just give me a second to move somewhere. All right,
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: so have you done it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've done it. Um What maybe like four or five times now. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: This is what I've tried to do it before, but it's always been a no show personal, so
SPEAKER_L: That's annoying. Yeah I think I've had like one no show once but everyone else has like showing
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: up before so it's yeah it's a pretty good study. Um I'm not exactly sure what they're looking at but like it pays pretty well.
SPEAKER_R: clearly that pays way more than everything else and there's like no apparent so unclear what they're doing. But I company and it seems like they're like uh some kind of video trap software or something, so well,
SPEAKER_L: How did you find out about like prolific and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: I just googled like how to make money online for that year.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah kind of the same thing. Read it especially.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought that yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well how's your day been so far?
SPEAKER_R: my days were good, yep. Just been at home same as I have been for the past seven months. So what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I've just been chilling at home. I was staring some study before this and yeah it's just been a really like quiet saturday for me.
SPEAKER_R: What do you study
SPEAKER_L: I'm a nursing major at U. T. I'm
SPEAKER_R: course?
SPEAKER_L: a junior year now so I'm yeah pretty almost there over halfway done.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's
SPEAKER_L: Do you go to school?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm a senior mechanical engineering major at the University of Maryland. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Is it really cold up in the new England Area?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're pretty but it is pretty cold. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I live
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in texas and it's kind of kind of not fall but whatever we'll take it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you in Austin or? Pretty Cool? I've never been, I've heard it's of course.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a really cool city. It's like a little mini California in the middle of texas. Yeah, I got a lot of the people here are really nice foods. Great too. But I think what Austin is probably most known for is kind of just the music scene like before. Covid. Obviously there used to be like live music everywhere, especially on 4th and 6th street where all like the bars are and stuff like that. Downtown. It's a it's a really nice city you should definitely visit when you get the chance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I would really like you. Well I think that
SPEAKER_L: Did you grow up in Maryland?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Since I was pretty little my parents are my parents always want me to say I'm from California but um I consider myself from Maryland. No. What about you? Are there some time for?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I grew up in texas in my whole life. Um I lived in Houston up until at the end of high school and then I moved here um for college. Obviously. I don't know, I know where I want to. Well, I'm thinking of moving back to Houston after I graduate, but like not exactly sure like where specifically yet, but we'll see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Mhm. I'm just about to move. I'm not just about in like every once when I graduate, I'm going to move to colorado. Oh
SPEAKER_L: nice. Do you
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: have like a job set up for you?
SPEAKER_R: Barbara.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. I went to colorado once for like a summer vacation trip and it's just gorgeous.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm really excited. It seems a lot prettier than now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I feel like mountains. I'm sure you'll love colorado. They
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: are,
SPEAKER_R: sorry
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: erin?
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I was just gonna ask about nursing. Is there like other specializations in their thing, Are you going to be a particular kind of nurse? What's the
SPEAKER_L: um yeah, there are other specializations. I just don't really know yet what I want to do. I've thought about like, you know, pediatrics, but I um worked at a daycare over the summer and it just kind of changed my perception on kids a little bit. But um, I don't know. I'm just kind of like a go with the flow type person now. I'm not like really like I don't really have like a step plan for everything. Yeah. I'll just see where life takes me. I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: mean like this whole pandemic has just been like a huge like wrench and a lot of people's plans and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. And I'm sure it's a scary time to be cream to get nurse as well. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: How is it um in Maryland like is are the case is still rising her?
SPEAKER_R: We're rising one of as bad as other places, we shut down pretty early, we're shutting down again. Um And our governor got like all his wife like had some contact in the south korean government and they got all these tests polonium way before everyone else. Um So we've been pretty lucky in that respect. So bad. I heard texas has been particularly bad but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really bad. But uh that's what happens when people don't listen or
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't want to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's really I ran into the weirdest anti mask person. Um I
SPEAKER_L: In Maryland.
SPEAKER_R: lot in Maryland. Yeah, I do a lot of studies. I was in a study where I had to go get my blood drawn. Um and so I was at the place to get my blood drawn and there's this guy and he has a mask on but it's under his nose, it looks like your mask fell off. Like you mind putting out oh it's on like but it's not and well it only goes through the mouth, there was like mm the dramatic doesn't go through your nose and and I was what? He's just like it's impossible to get it out the notes. It's too big
SPEAKER_L: What the heck? Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: It's still very grateful if you put it on. And he did. But then he said like they have those conspiracy theorists like he thought it was some kind of
SPEAKER_L: I don't get anti maskers. Like I've heard some pretty outrageous stories online, but I haven't really come across like, I mean I've come across people who aren't wearing masks in public, but none that are just believing in crazy shit. Like, like I don't know like the amount of this information that goes on as wild.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really crazy like no other country has this problem. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just America
SPEAKER_R: Black America. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't mean to get like two political or anything, but did you like watch the election and stuff? Like how do you feel about everything?
SPEAKER_R: If Yeah. Yeah, I watched I was refreshing. I feel like when it ended I was still just in the habit of refreshing it uh
SPEAKER_L: Me too?
SPEAKER_R: and then all the better. Yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, when I watched it, I was just like, it was a mess. Like I was watching it with my housemates and we were all like, oh my gosh, like you know texas is going to be blue, it's gonna be blue, but then it switched to read and I'm just like goddamn it. Like, you know, like every single election, I feel like texas is yeah edging, edging to get to blue. But like yeah, I don't know if florida also was just really frustrating, but I mean hey, and you know biting one sure he's not my first choice, but better than, you know, trump obviously.
SPEAKER_R: Much better place to the end. What? Well I heard that like Austin or maybe Houston only had one ballot dropbox which I thought was so crazy like the.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Like texas is just so big on like voter suppression, it just makes me so mad, genuinely is so difficult to register to vote sometimes. Like for example, like this because of the whole pandemic, it's been hard for people to register to vote in person. So you know, most of the time people registered their mailing, but not everyone can have access to like stamps and stuff that they wanted to mail in and I don't know if everything is just a mess in texas.
SPEAKER_R: No it's crazy it's so easy to register to vote in Maryland and it's just like hard to and to vote itself like the when I mailed in my ballot they have like a an online tracker so you can see how it's been received and counted. Was it counted correctly? Like you just get update emails like the idea that like you know it's different first century but like where like most states don't be that it's just so crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing that Maryland does that like I'm really jealous because it's so like difficult, you know, to look it's not difficult, but like it's more challenging and more inconvenient for people who want to register to vote. And it oftentimes discourages people who are lazy people who don't have access to register to vote. So it's like I don't know I I I like I like texas is only good in the major cities outside of it. You're you're seeing trump signs everywhere, jesus hates the gays and just. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah Marilyn is the same way to we just have a lot less of less country that 50 ratio.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of hard to think about because when I think like of
SPEAKER_R: Honor.
SPEAKER_L: like the east I think of like oh yeah like new york you know liberals everywhere. Like people are just being people like I don't know I don't think about like how Maryland has like bum fuck nowhere towns.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Now it's for real tobacco country you know where America's tobacco is grown and they are not. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: makes sense. How close are you to like D. C. And stuff like that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm about 50% of the way between D. C. And Baltimore so 45 minutes either way. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow that's pretty
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: close.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that and when I'm living with my parents now because of Covid but um live in college I'm like my college is literally on the D. C. Train metro system so it's really uh yeah. Although
SPEAKER_L: Do you like
SPEAKER_R: you were where?
SPEAKER_L: oh sorry what?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I just say it's right there but I like rarely go into these so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I haven't you know traveled to that part of the country before but like it's kind of crazy to think that like you could drive 45 minutes and be in a different like, like just a different city in general because in Houston if you drive 45 minutes you're still in Houston, it's
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: just huge. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: it would be I think with an hour and a half drive I could get to one six states. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: If they're well B. C. Is not a state I guess. 56 Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: lets states have you traveled to?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I've been most of the east coast um you know new york of course New Jersey poor man's new york. Um The value. And I've also gone well I went to colorado for a job interview. I went California to visit family and I've been in Illinois too.
SPEAKER_L: I'm guessing
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like Chicago area. Yeah, I've I've gone to colorado um Nevada. I went to kelly when I was like a baby but that doesn't count because I don't remember it, or actually I went to kelly 23 years ago for my cousin's wedding. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I think I went to florida fun to Arkansas. Don't ask me why I have family in Arkansas um defense to Louisiana. Uh I went to new york briefly, but like not like new york city more like buffalo because we took a flight to buffalo and then crossed uh into Canada and we had a vacation there. Um I love Canada. Honestly it's so beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: where did you go in camera?
SPEAKER_L: I went to Toronto, like that area. People there are so friendly. Um Food was great as well, like honestly the biggest thing is just the friendly people and like just how beautiful like the nature is in in Canada because I'm a big like outdoors person. So it was just really nice being able to hike and kayak and do all that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been to Toronto report too, and I totally loved it, this is a beautiful city and uh but my favorite, I've also driven to Montreal, which is totally amazing because they speak Prince there, so it's like it's like going to paris, I'll drive.
SPEAKER_L: Dude, so like, like how, how long would it take for you to drive from like where you are right now to like Toronto or Montreal?
SPEAKER_R: like eight or nine hours, I've done it in the day before, Let's see them,
SPEAKER_L: that's not bad at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's really uh east coast, everything's right there, I who her friends were both. Well, I'm definitely, but he's maybe moving to colorado as well, I was like, oh that's the same state will be right next to each other. And then I looked up, okay, how far away in between the two cities, it was like eight hours
SPEAKER_L: Eight hours.
SPEAKER_R: Iran, this should be iphone states or something.
SPEAKER_L: What like, I don't know what interested you in colorado other than a job obviously.
SPEAKER_R: really? Just a job. I um I really I was like I'm pretty I got pretty frustrated with engineering because all engineers suck. They're terrible people. And so I'm um I was thinking like okay maybe I could go into like lobby a lawyer or something like that. And um I looked up are there like any jobs for engineers at law firms and you can be a patent agent? Which I was like oh that's interesting that you will be that which is just like filing patents and stuff like that. And there's only one law firm which hires you to do that right out of college. And then colorado. So I got to get the car up.
SPEAKER_L: Wow. What a limited pool or what a limited number of choices you got.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah specific. Okay. Right right. Do
SPEAKER_L: Is there like close to Denver or?
SPEAKER_R: like right next to Denver it's just it's just like yuppie hipster Denver. Uh huh. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds like my kind of vibe. Yeah. Well colorado also have weed legalized to. Do you smoke or
SPEAKER_R: A little not much but I probably will when it's easy
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: to get.
SPEAKER_L: it legal in Maryland?
SPEAKER_R: We have medical but not but it's legal in D. C. But it's so expensive uh because it's all a city and so it's all grown in like city buildings and so it's just like not an economical way to grow weed insane like that there we're currently going. Right that
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: would be
SPEAKER_L: it is not but I have before. I don't really do I don't I don't really smoke anymore but
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: um I I used to I used to have a good amount but obviously have to get it kind of like under the table black market type thing. It's
SPEAKER_R: No. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I would say though like yes, I could pick any state to live in. I would probably pick colorado or Oh that's kind of tough actually. Okay, colorado or like the Washington Seattle area just because like I really like trees and stuff like that. But also like both are pretty liberal states, you know like cheaper housing than Cali for sure, but also really beautiful scenery. Not just ma'am, I don't What about your?
SPEAKER_R: I'm so I've never been to Washington State before but I feel like if I did go I would really love it and so yeah that'll definitely up there. Um Maybe Portland too. But um I also really like the east coast if it weren't so expensive I would live in new york city for sure. It's like that's a fun place to be. So what's your time? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I want to visit new york one day, like tell me tell me about it like how what is it like?
SPEAKER_R: It's like so it is like walking into any movie you've seen in new york city, it's so like crowded and people, everyone is doing something weird, like there are weird people everywhere. Um And literally the vast majority of things are open till like at least three a.m. But like most things that are 24 hours, it's really really fun and just like I've been with friends a couple times so it's just like a really great trip, Really fun. Oh yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: Having a gun to like uh like the beaches in new york, like are there beaches in new york?
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea, I usually if I go to a beach, I go south like uh southern Maryland, we have a lot of beaches in Maryland, so yeah usually don't have to go that way, but I think there are beaches in new york I don't know, is awesome? Close to beaches. Is that a coastal paradox? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: really, we do have like a huge lake called lake Travis Close five and there's beaches on the lake. There's also a river that runs through the city um Actually went kayaking there today too. Um
SPEAKER_R: Almost.
SPEAKER_L: But Houston is definitely a coastal city. If you drive an hour ish, a little bit more than an hour, you'll get to the beach from where I live at least in Houston. Um But yeah, like I, I like Austin a lot to be honest. It's a like in Houston it's like flat,
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: there's no hills, nothing but Austin has like its hill country so there's lots of pills. Um I would say like the culture here is very hippie like people are kind of radical almost. Um I don't know like if I would love to visit new york one day like I have always dreamt up like going to like you know Times Square seeing like the statue of liberty and stuff. Um Take a shit on the trump tower and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right target in degrees. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and like I don't know like new york just seems so like lively. Like it's like a city city, like full scale city. I don't know like I went to Cali before you, I went to L. A. And stuff but I think, I don't know, new york just kind of has like a different kind of vibe because Callie's all sunny and stuff, but new york is kind of like the, you know the cloudy and mysterious I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. When I went to California, I was really frustrated by how like everything was so laid out and like there's so much space between everything when everyone seems so like cloe and chill, which is nice but not not that used to provide totally different. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Is the, is the clam chowder good in the New England area?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I've never really sought out clam chowder. Um but Maryland where all about crabs, so uh they're definitely good seafood, it just depends where you are,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I love crab to be honest. I prefer club crab over clamp any day.
SPEAKER_R: that is really good um definitely really wants to live like amazing seafood.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just curious. But what do you, what do y'all think of texas or Texans in general?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I feel like no, I feel pretty, I feel like I have a pretty unbiased attitude towards sexual. Um But I mean I think there's definitely the stereotype that uh like Texans are like very conservative cowboys um etcetera, but also I just feel like most people know that that's not true and that texas is like you know one of the most diverse states, like Austin and Houston are like nothing like that. So I feel like people have a realistic vision of texas. I don't know, maybe that's not realistic, but you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm just curious because I've heard people say before um that one I think texas, yeah, they think like cowboys and trucks and just yeah, which is
SPEAKER_R: articulately.
SPEAKER_L: definitely the case outside the cities, but I feel like texas over the last, you know, 5, 10 years has really changed a lot. Like Houston I think is one of the most diverse country, diverse cities in the country. Um And the state is slowly started to become more and more like democratic and blue. But
SPEAKER_R: Work
SPEAKER_L: it's like a slow progress because just yeah, there's just
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: so many people in bum. Fuck nowhere is that likes to vote republican.
SPEAKER_R: it's uh it's majority blue. It's really good voter suppressive my understanding. Right?
SPEAKER_L: What is full though? Is that texas is like, you know we share the border with Mexico. It's it's quite a drive. But like
SPEAKER_R: Doc.
SPEAKER_L: you know if you want to you know across the border and get a drink and have a nice weekend you can if you want to uh I have it myself just because like I live pretty far from the border. But um I don't know if you if you want like good mexican food without going to Mexico, you go to texas.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like most mexican food in like the Northeast is an imitation of texas's imitation of
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Mexico. But
SPEAKER_L: like a water down mexican food.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Uh huh. Which I still love. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if it's good it's good.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh huh. You have a favorite kind of cuisine, like favorite type of fruit?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I love mexican. I love asian food. Um I just like cultural food to be honest. Like don't get me wrong, I love hamburgers and stuff,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: but I don't know. Uh You see that everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's like um like a bunch of Ethiopian places have started opening up near me and that is like so good. That's like my favorite favorite
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: person.
SPEAKER_L: always wanted to try Ethiopian.
SPEAKER_R: It's really like incredible because it's all like served on the pancake, which is,
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they have like a sour dough pancake which like you can't be there no forks and knives. You just pick things up with the pancake and then that it's amazing magnate.
SPEAKER_L: It's been so fun, honestly. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks talking to you, too. Thanks for showing up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good luck with finding a partner next time. And so hopefully you don't have any more. No shows after this.
SPEAKER_R: Most cost and good luck finishing up school.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Bye.