Hello?
yep.
Yeah I can hear you.
Yeah I've done it. Um What maybe like four or five times now. What about you?
That's annoying. Yeah I think I've had like one no show once but everyone else has like showing
up before so it's yeah it's a pretty good study. Um I'm not exactly sure what they're looking at but like it pays pretty well.
How did you find out about like prolific and stuff?
Um Yeah kind of the same thing. Read it especially.
Well how's your day been so far?
Uh Yeah I've just been chilling at home. I was staring some study before this and yeah it's just been a really like quiet saturday for me.
I'm a nursing major at U. T. I'm
a junior year now so I'm yeah pretty almost there over halfway done.
Do you go to school?
Mhm. Is it really cold up in the new England Area?
I live
in texas and it's kind of kind of not fall but whatever we'll take it. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a really cool city. It's like a little mini California in the middle of texas. Yeah, I got a lot of the people here are really nice foods. Great too. But I think what Austin is probably most known for is kind of just the music scene like before. Covid. Obviously there used to be like live music everywhere, especially on 4th and 6th street where all like the bars are and stuff like that. Downtown. It's a it's a really nice city you should definitely visit when you get the chance.
Did you grow up in Maryland?
Yeah, I grew up in texas in my whole life. Um I lived in Houston up until at the end of high school and then I moved here um for college. Obviously. I don't know, I know where I want to. Well, I'm thinking of moving back to Houston after I graduate, but like not exactly sure like where specifically yet, but we'll see. Yeah.
nice. Do you
have like a job set up for you?
Nice. I went to colorado once for like a summer vacation trip and it's just gorgeous.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like mountains. I'm sure you'll love colorado. They
are,
sorry.
But
um yeah, there are other specializations. I just don't really know yet what I want to do. I've thought about like, you know, pediatrics, but I um worked at a daycare over the summer and it just kind of changed my perception on kids a little bit. But um, I don't know. I'm just kind of like a go with the flow type person now. I'm not like really like I don't really have like a step plan for everything. Yeah. I'll just see where life takes me. I
mean like this whole pandemic has just been like a huge like wrench and a lot of people's plans and stuff.
How is it um in Maryland like is are the case is still rising her?
Yeah, it's really bad. But uh that's what happens when people don't listen or
don't want to. Yeah.
In Maryland.
What the heck? Oh my gosh.
I don't get anti maskers. Like I've heard some pretty outrageous stories online, but I haven't really come across like, I mean I've come across people who aren't wearing masks in public, but none that are just believing in crazy shit. Like, like I don't know like the amount of this information that goes on as wild.
Yeah, it's just America
Um
I don't mean to get like two political or anything, but did you like watch the election and stuff? Like how do you feel about everything?
Me too?
Oh, when I watched it, I was just like, it was a mess. Like I was watching it with my housemates and we were all like, oh my gosh, like you know texas is going to be blue, it's gonna be blue, but then it switched to read and I'm just like goddamn it. Like, you know, like every single election, I feel like texas is yeah edging, edging to get to blue. But like yeah, I don't know if florida also was just really frustrating, but I mean hey, and you know biting one sure he's not my first choice, but better than, you know, trump obviously.
Yeah. Yeah. Like texas is just so big on like voter suppression, it just makes me so mad, genuinely is so difficult to register to vote sometimes. Like for example, like this because of the whole pandemic, it's been hard for people to register to vote in person. So you know, most of the time people registered their mailing, but not everyone can have access to like stamps and stuff that they wanted to mail in and I don't know if everything is just a mess in texas.
Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing that Maryland does that like I'm really jealous because it's so like difficult, you know, to look it's not difficult, but like it's more challenging and more inconvenient for people who want to register to vote. And it oftentimes discourages people who are lazy people who don't have access to register to vote. So it's like I don't know I I I like I like texas is only good in the major cities outside of it. You're you're seeing trump signs everywhere, jesus hates the gays and just. Yeah. Yeah
it's kind of hard to think about because when I think like of
like the east I think of like oh yeah like new york you know liberals everywhere. Like people are just being people like I don't know I don't think about like how Maryland has like bum fuck nowhere towns.
makes sense. How close are you to like D. C. And stuff like that?
Oh wow that's pretty
close.
Do you like
oh sorry what?
I mean I haven't you know traveled to that part of the country before but like it's kind of crazy to think that like you could drive 45 minutes and be in a different like, like just a different city in general because in Houston if you drive 45 minutes you're still in Houston, it's
just huge. Uh huh,
that's crazy.
Yeah. What
lets states have you traveled to?
I'm guessing
like Chicago area. Yeah, I've I've gone to colorado um Nevada. I went to kelly when I was like a baby but that doesn't count because I don't remember it, or actually I went to kelly 23 years ago for my cousin's wedding. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I think I went to florida fun to Arkansas. Don't ask me why I have family in Arkansas um defense to Louisiana. Uh I went to new york briefly, but like not like new york city more like buffalo because we took a flight to buffalo and then crossed uh into Canada and we had a vacation there. Um I love Canada. Honestly it's so beautiful.
I went to Toronto, like that area. People there are so friendly. Um Food was great as well, like honestly the biggest thing is just the friendly people and like just how beautiful like the nature is in in Canada because I'm a big like outdoors person. So it was just really nice being able to hike and kayak and do all that.
Dude, so like, like how, how long would it take for you to drive from like where you are right now to like Toronto or Montreal?
that's not bad at all. Yeah.
Eight hours.
What like, I don't know what interested you in colorado other than a job obviously.
Wow. What a limited pool or what a limited number of choices you got.
Is there like close to Denver or?
Sounds like my kind of vibe. Yeah. Well colorado also have weed legalized to. Do you smoke or
is
it legal in Maryland?
No
it is not but I have before. I don't really do I don't I don't really smoke anymore but
um I I used to I used to have a good amount but obviously have to get it kind of like under the table black market type thing. It's
Yeah.
I would say though like yes, I could pick any state to live in. I would probably pick colorado or Oh that's kind of tough actually. Okay, colorado or like the Washington Seattle area just because like I really like trees and stuff like that. But also like both are pretty liberal states, you know like cheaper housing than Cali for sure, but also really beautiful scenery. Not just ma'am, I don't What about your?
I want to visit new york one day, like tell me tell me about it like how what is it like?
Having a gun to like uh like the beaches in new york, like are there beaches in new york?
really, we do have like a huge lake called lake Travis Close five and there's beaches on the lake. There's also a river that runs through the city um Actually went kayaking there today too. Um
But Houston is definitely a coastal city. If you drive an hour ish, a little bit more than an hour, you'll get to the beach from where I live at least in Houston. Um But yeah, like I, I like Austin a lot to be honest. It's a like in Houston it's like flat,
there's no hills, nothing but Austin has like its hill country so there's lots of pills. Um I would say like the culture here is very hippie like people are kind of radical almost. Um I don't know like if I would love to visit new york one day like I have always dreamt up like going to like you know Times Square seeing like the statue of liberty and stuff. Um Take a shit on the trump tower and uh
and like I don't know like new york just seems so like lively. Like it's like a city city, like full scale city. I don't know like I went to Cali before you, I went to L. A. And stuff but I think, I don't know, new york just kind of has like a different kind of vibe because Callie's all sunny and stuff, but new york is kind of like the, you know the cloudy and mysterious I guess. Yeah.
Is the, is the clam chowder good in the New England area?
Yeah, I I love crab to be honest. I prefer club crab over clamp any day.
I'm just curious. But what do you, what do y'all think of texas or Texans in general?
So
yeah, I'm just curious because I've heard people say before um that one I think texas, yeah, they think like cowboys and trucks and just yeah, which is
definitely the case outside the cities, but I feel like texas over the last, you know, 5, 10 years has really changed a lot. Like Houston I think is one of the most diverse country, diverse cities in the country. Um And the state is slowly started to become more and more like democratic and blue. But
it's like a slow progress because just yeah, there's just
so many people in bum. Fuck nowhere is that likes to vote republican.
What is full though? Is that texas is like, you know we share the border with Mexico. It's it's quite a drive. But like
you know if you want to you know across the border and get a drink and have a nice weekend you can if you want to uh I have it myself just because like I live pretty far from the border. But um I don't know if you if you want like good mexican food without going to Mexico, you go to texas.
It's
like a water down mexican food.
if it's good it's good.
Uh I love mexican. I love asian food. Um I just like cultural food to be honest. Like don't get me wrong, I love hamburgers and stuff,
but I don't know. Uh You see that everywhere.
I've
always wanted to try Ethiopian.
my gosh.
It's been so fun, honestly. Yeah. Well,
it was nice talking to you.
Yeah. Good luck with finding a partner next time. And so hopefully you don't have any more. No shows after this.
Thank you. Bye.