Hello?
Oh, are you? Yeah, just give me a second to move somewhere. All right,
can you hear me? Okay,
so have you done it?
This is what I've tried to do it before, but it's always been a no show personal, so
Look
clearly that pays way more than everything else and there's like no apparent so unclear what they're doing. But I company and it seems like they're like uh some kind of video trap software or something, so well,
I just googled like how to make money online for that year.
Yeah, I thought that yeah,
my days were good, yep. Just been at home same as I have been for the past seven months. So what about you?
What do you study
course?
Mhm. That's
yeah, I'm a senior mechanical engineering major at the University of Maryland. Yeah.
Yeah, we're pretty but it is pretty cold. Mhm.
What?
Are you in Austin or? Pretty Cool? I've never been, I've heard it's of course.
Yeah, I would really like you. Well I think that
Yeah. Since I was pretty little my parents are my parents always want me to say I'm from California but um I consider myself from Maryland. No. What about you? Are there some time for?
Okay. Mhm. I'm just about to move. I'm not just about in like every once when I graduate, I'm going to move to colorado. Oh
no.
Barbara.
Yeah, I'm really excited. It seems a lot prettier than now.
You
sorry
erin?
I was just gonna ask about nursing. Is there like other specializations in their thing, Are you going to be a particular kind of nurse? What's the
What?
Right. Yeah. And I'm sure it's a scary time to be cream to get nurse as well. Mhm.
We're rising one of as bad as other places, we shut down pretty early, we're shutting down again. Um And our governor got like all his wife like had some contact in the south korean government and they got all these tests polonium way before everyone else. Um So we've been pretty lucky in that respect. So bad. I heard texas has been particularly bad but yeah,
I
that's really I ran into the weirdest anti mask person. Um I
lot in Maryland. Yeah, I do a lot of studies. I was in a study where I had to go get my blood drawn. Um and so I was at the place to get my blood drawn and there's this guy and he has a mask on but it's under his nose, it looks like your mask fell off. Like you mind putting out oh it's on like but it's not and well it only goes through the mouth, there was like mm the dramatic doesn't go through your nose and and I was what? He's just like it's impossible to get it out the notes. It's too big
It's still very grateful if you put it on. And he did. But then he said like they have those conspiracy theorists like he thought it was some kind of
Yeah, it's really crazy like no other country has this problem. So
Black America. Yeah. Mhm
Yeah.
If Yeah. Yeah, I watched I was refreshing. I feel like when it ended I was still just in the habit of refreshing it uh
and then all the better. Yeah. What about you?
Much better place to the end. What? Well I heard that like Austin or maybe Houston only had one ballot dropbox which I thought was so crazy like the.
No it's crazy it's so easy to register to vote in Maryland and it's just like hard to and to vote itself like the when I mailed in my ballot they have like a an online tracker so you can see how it's been received and counted. Was it counted correctly? Like you just get update emails like the idea that like you know it's different first century but like where like most states don't be that it's just so crazy.
Yeah Marilyn is the same way to we just have a lot less of less country that 50 ratio.
Honor.
Mhm. Now it's for real tobacco country you know where America's tobacco is grown and they are not. Oh yeah.
I'm about 50% of the way between D. C. And Baltimore so 45 minutes either way. Mhm.
What?
Oh that and when I'm living with my parents now because of Covid but um live in college I'm like my college is literally on the D. C. Train metro system so it's really uh yeah. Although
you were where?
Oh I just say it's right there but I like rarely go into these so. Yeah.
All
it would be I think with an hour and a half drive I could get to one six states. Uh huh.
If they're well B. C. Is not a state I guess. 56 Yeah.
Oh.
Mhm. I've been most of the east coast um you know new york of course New Jersey poor man's new york. Um The value. And I've also gone well I went to colorado for a job interview. I went California to visit family and I've been in Illinois too.
Well
where did you go in camera?
Yeah, I've been to Toronto report too, and I totally loved it, this is a beautiful city and uh but my favorite, I've also driven to Montreal, which is totally amazing because they speak Prince there, so it's like it's like going to paris, I'll drive.
like eight or nine hours, I've done it in the day before, Let's see them,
it's really uh east coast, everything's right there, I who her friends were both. Well, I'm definitely, but he's maybe moving to colorado as well, I was like, oh that's the same state will be right next to each other. And then I looked up, okay, how far away in between the two cities, it was like eight hours
Iran, this should be iphone states or something.
really? Just a job. I um I really I was like I'm pretty I got pretty frustrated with engineering because all engineers suck. They're terrible people. And so I'm um I was thinking like okay maybe I could go into like lobby a lawyer or something like that. And um I looked up are there like any jobs for engineers at law firms and you can be a patent agent? Which I was like oh that's interesting that you will be that which is just like filing patents and stuff like that. And there's only one law firm which hires you to do that right out of college. And then colorado. So I got to get the car up.
Yeah specific. Okay. Right right. Do
like right next to Denver it's just it's just like yuppie hipster Denver. Uh huh. Mm.
A little not much but I probably will when it's easy
to get.
We have medical but not but it's legal in D. C. But it's so expensive uh because it's all a city and so it's all grown in like city buildings and so it's just like not an economical way to grow weed insane like that there we're currently going. Right that
would be
good.
No. Uh huh.
Yeah. Uh huh.
I'm so I've never been to Washington State before but I feel like if I did go I would really love it and so yeah that'll definitely up there. Um Maybe Portland too. But um I also really like the east coast if it weren't so expensive I would live in new york city for sure. It's like that's a fun place to be. So what's your time? Uh
It's like so it is like walking into any movie you've seen in new york city, it's so like crowded and people, everyone is doing something weird, like there are weird people everywhere. Um And literally the vast majority of things are open till like at least three a.m. But like most things that are 24 hours, it's really really fun and just like I've been with friends a couple times so it's just like a really great trip, Really fun. Oh yeah, but
I have no idea, I usually if I go to a beach, I go south like uh southern Maryland, we have a lot of beaches in Maryland, so yeah usually don't have to go that way, but I think there are beaches in new york I don't know, is awesome? Close to beaches. Is that a coastal paradox? Okay.
Almost.
Look.
Yeah. Right target in degrees. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. When I went to California, I was really frustrated by how like everything was so laid out and like there's so much space between everything when everyone seems so like cloe and chill, which is nice but not not that used to provide totally different. Right?
Yeah, I think I've never really sought out clam chowder. Um but Maryland where all about crabs, so uh they're definitely good seafood, it just depends where you are,
that is really good um definitely really wants to live like amazing seafood.
Um Well I feel like no, I feel pretty, I feel like I have a pretty unbiased attitude towards sexual. Um But I mean I think there's definitely the stereotype that uh like Texans are like very conservative cowboys um etcetera, but also I just feel like most people know that that's not true and that texas is like you know one of the most diverse states, like Austin and Houston are like nothing like that. So I feel like people have a realistic vision of texas. I don't know, maybe that's not realistic, but you
know.
articulately.
Work
well
it's uh it's majority blue. It's really good voter suppressive my understanding. Right?
Doc.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like most mexican food in like the Northeast is an imitation of texas's imitation of
Mexico. But
yeah. Uh huh. Which I still love. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Uh huh. You have a favorite kind of cuisine, like favorite type of fruit?
It's
Yeah, there's like um like a bunch of Ethiopian places have started opening up near me and that is like so good. That's like my favorite favorite
person.
It's really like incredible because it's all like served on the pancake, which is,
yeah, they have like a sour dough pancake which like you can't be there no forks and knives. You just pick things up with the pancake and then that it's amazing magnate.
Yeah.
Thanks talking to you, too. Thanks for showing up.
Most cost and good luck finishing up school.