Uh huh. What? No? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
you can hear me.
Oh hi. Yeah, let me just see.
Yeah. Okay. Hi, how are you?
I'm good. Um I just ate some
lunch.
Some folks. Yeah.
What's your day?
Oh, nice to meet you again.
You didn't hear mine?
Oh sorry, it's Wolf Game. Mhm. Yeah.
like W. O. L. F G A N. G.
No, that's my name. No,
that's okay. A
lot of people tell me that I'm german, that's why. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, this is, yeah, last night I was supposed
to
talk
to
someone
but they never
showed
up.
Oh. Oh that's cool.
no, that's
fine,
don't
worry
about
it.
I'm an artist. Um
I'm autistic,
I'm 20 for uh I live in Texas like up in like north Texas. Um Let's
see what else.
I
used to be
at a high school, but I'm disabled now, so I don't work except as an artist, like doing freelance and stuff like that and doing things like
prolific.
Um My boyfriend, I live with him. Uh what else do I do? I like to listen to music and I play a lot of video games, but mostly only handheld ones. Yeah,
tell me about yourself.
For
I like it too. Yeah,
wow. I really like your accent. It's pretty. Oh yeah,
it's cool. My mom, my grandma is not from Ghana. I'm not sure what part of africa she's from, but she has a really pretty accent like yours
hey?
All right. She's really nice woman. She owns um, she used to work for Estee lauder but now she owns
her
own
business. She used to own a curves, but now she does, I think just general beautician
work,
she has like
massage
their
licenses and stuff. She's very always sending me makeup and stuff and I'm like grandma don't really.
but it's
I give it to my boyfriend sister often.
He's very happy. She's like, I won't make a what else?
I have a garden right now that
I am That it's 90°
here today. Yeah,
so I
went
outside earlier
and I watered
my card
and
I
have
some
different
pepper plants, Jalapenos and tomatoes which are just blossoming and that was
I would imagine so like what um what is your work like? I've always wanted to work in science like as some kind of scientists
if Yeah.
I am. I
that's what we'll say. Exactly that I'm tired of looking in a microscope. I want to look at something different today.
that
is lucky.
I imagine I worked before as um when I lived in texas actually a couple of years ago, I worked at a nearby hospital in Galveston on like research in animal research facility and it was not at all a glamorous. I thought I thought I was going to be taking my nose under a microscope all day, but instead I was cleaning up after animals all day all day. Well everybody else got sterile lab environment. I had to keep it that way. So that was very stressful and I would be in there. You know, I would have to walk back home. It's a small island, so I didn't and I can't drive, but I'd have to walk back home Smelling like animals in 90° weather. That wasn't fun, but it was a job. And I learned a lot. Yeah, a lot about what was what I was supposed to, what what being a scientist really means. Okay.
That's
what my little
brother,
my
little
brother is nine
and he feels the same way he says I want to be a science is just like
you and I'm like, well, if that's really what you want to do, but keep your options open by.
You
don't want to
lie
either.
What I'm not working uh, well since art is what I love. And also what I do for work. Sometimes I like it sounds silly, but I need to take a break from doing art for work and then go through art for like fun, like projects that I actually want to do rather than projects I got paid to do. You know? Um, I do a lot of
cleaning
and domestic stuff like that. Just because that's what I used to do. That's what I did for work last and it needs to be done. So I cook a lot. I love
to cook. Okay.
Um I helped take care of cats. I had a praying mantis until recently, but I let him go into the garden
because he just, he wasn't very friendly. Well he wasn't very friendly. Praying mantises
can't be handled unless you raise them from from a very young age or just sometimes they just have a temperament in the wild that they'll they'll allow themselves to be
handled based on the speaking fees and such. But this one was not, he didn't like us at all
regularly. Try
to attack,
I would even try to give them honey which mantises love, but he would try to attack me. He hated me. And I said okay, you can go back in the wild, it was horrible.
And you have, you don't have a lot of time to take care of pets.
What
happened?
Oh no, I'm so sorry.
it's
okay. I've I've accidentally killed goldfish before.
I grew
up on
a farm, I've seen I've seen tons of animals behind stuff like that, I'm just like,
that's too bad. Okay, let's say a prayer and move on. That's what happens to me.
didn't
know what a person I would have to um
You like to do
when
you don't,
when you don't
have work to do?
me
and
you're there.
No. Uh that's okay. I feel better about describing how boring my life is too, because I honestly just sit around the house and do, I mean there's not much
to, like, I can't
really go outside because my boyfriend's parents are very old, so they're at high risk, so I can't really be going out or having and I don't I don't really have any friends outside either. So I just hang out with my boyfriend,
his sister who is just like a four years younger than I am. And so we just hang out and I do a lot of cooking and cleaning and I like having my space to and just listening to music.
I like dancing to be a dance class, but I did not like dance class very much personally. I've
been really like it.
My parents made me join because um often Children with autism are really uncoordinated like physically. So I couldn't I couldn't like walk
without falling all over myself. So they enrolled me in dance class because they thought it would be a good way for me to express myself as well as get my balance and it did help. But I just hated it.
All right. It didn't
help.
But it
works, It
works.
And
looking back on it now, I was a lot of fun. I was just being a pratt. Probably.
You have
to do anything,
You're a brat.
Yeah. No, I want to. Um I did not mention that I got kicked out of that dance class because I had a fight with a girl. I was being a dinosaur at the time. I had a fight with a girl who called me weird and I bit her and I got kicked out.
I got kicked out. So I don't think I
did not have a lot of friends when I was a little
kid either. Yeah.
You know,
I know life is so crazy like that. Okay. Like you can be
like
miles away and still be like, oh yeah, I love to cook my eggs this way. And someone else is like, yeah, I remember when my mom taught me to cook eggs,
what do
you
do?
Um It was not fun for me because I had just moved here, what I had just moved here and I'm super excited to
move here and do
all
this
stuff,
and
then I got
here
and
I had to adjust
to
being in a new place
in a pandemic.
So it was really hard and I was just like,
and only now, but I'm still just like, because in texas, I don't uh it's not they're not very um yeah, like believing in the pandemic and pushing for people to wear masks, it's like kind of an optional here. So we have a lot of cases, like, so I'm like, I still can't really go outside or anything. I don't know how it is for you though.
I know you said it was really
that
is so
I I cannot imagine here everybody, they wear them if they, if they're wearing them at all in the store, they're wearing it like this um horrible what they're wearing. I saw the other day I had to walk out of the store because someone was wearing a face shield backwards around the back of their neck and I was like, are you? Yes, I was like, are you kidding? I cannot do this. Like I'm not doing this. I walked right. I said I don't need a pencil that bad because I needed head on the Michaels and I was like uh uh huh Right.
Yeah, I, I know
where I used to live in new york there, things are a lot nicer up there. Nobody, she's, my mom says that it's like how you describe, nobody's going to talk to you if you're not wearing a mask. Like if you get on the bus without
they send
you right
back.
sure
me
neither.
Yeah, like I
just wanted to do what I can to make it end as soon as possible.
me too. I want like to not have breathing like I
don't want that.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah, he's really nice. Um he's like a little bit less than a year younger than me, his birthday's in november. So like next month I'm going to get him
able their like this
little
robot
dog, I'm gonna get them an ibo, there is a special robot dog that uh are like really really intelligent, they're from Japan And they cost now like thousands of dollars. But I found someone on a yahoo site who's going to sell me one for 600. But yeah which is like a really good deal. Um But he's really nice, he is
like a a little shorter than I am, I'm like 5 11 by the way, he's a little shorter than I am, so like 59 He's very very pale because he doesn't get a lot of sun. Um
Really nice. He has like super big fluffy curly hair that's like dark wine red right now guys at a lot, he has like a lot of freckles and a really soft round face. Um He likes a lot of the same things that I do. Yeah,
he's really
he's really nice.
We've
been dating for
like five years. You
can picture him,
thank
you.
Yeah. Yeah. La la la la la la. Okay.
Well
thank you very much.
We've known
each other a long time
actually.
Um I don't know if you've ever heard of the website Tumbler, but that's where we met, we met each other like a long time ago, like like when we were teenagers, we met each other through there and we were friends for a while, it
was just happened,
yeah, it just happened because I was I was actually going to texas, I was moving there from Alaska with my with my friends family that I lived with, and he was like I live in texas, and I was
like
no
you don't. And he was like
I live up in north texas and I was moving to Galveston and I was like then let's meet up,
it's like an hour flight
from Galveston texas and it was it was over after that. Mhm
Let's
do with the timer says here. Oh we're almost out
What
are you gonna
do with the
rest of your day after this?
no, she's
like
That's important.
little brother
is like
that.
It's
way too,
but
he's
growing I guess. Mhm. Um Well it was really nice talking to you and me and you.
this was like I'm actually glad that someone cool and like interesting got to be my chat partner. I was so scared that it was gonna be some like a person who is going
to be like, I don't want to talk to you okay?
I got to go for a minute more. It was nice meeting you too. Let's see at least 25. Let's see. Let me read the instructions here, click here. I should see a timer. Okay just so I think I just closed this when we're done. Um Next to me here. He's sleeping in my bed
here. There
he is
so I'm gonna free he's just sleeping he's just napping. He's having a day two. I think we hit the timer there.
that's okay that's okay. I think we're done nothing. Okay
well thank
you so much for talking me again. Have a good rest of your day.