Yeah, Okay. Mhm. Hello? Hello chad partner.
I'm good, how are you? You were the first man I've had oh assume your man, if you have your face. There we go,
Well I'm setting myself up and going up so I got one minute better hurry.
I've
done three in this round this time. They did it months ago. I tried to do one and nobody ever showed up or Remember it was just that somebody didn't show up or had some other technical issue. But you are my 4th one so that's it for me.
you
can do up to four but it's done right something only have a few days left in the schedule.
I can see
that.
One person I'm in new york and I had well one of the people was not from this area at all, but one was new york and one was living somewhere else, but originally from New Jersey, so we had very similar frame of reference, you know, in terms of places
and stuff like that. I'm not even really addressed so
me
too
I
paid coffee, you're ahead of me. I'm drinking some kind of Lacroix hydration.
What
type
is it?
This
is coupon A this is like a mojito as mint
and lime. Very refreshing. Uh
No no not
today anyway. No no no I'm just drinking a flavored sparkling water.
Are you originally from Seattle?
huh. Looks to be fairly young.
We were young when you moved there.
Oh yeah I have never been to the pacific northwest
really wanted to and would like to. I went um years and years and years ago I went on a trip around the country with my sister and my best friend and I don't know if they do it now but Amtrak used to have these monthly passes on and off the train in different cities and travel and we went for a month and our goal was to go to Seattle but we had um friends in California, one wasn't really a friend friend although we kind of hung out with her. My father's first wife go fig in Los Angeles and then my sister's best friend lived in um Palo Alto. Her husband was a graduate student in stanford. We ended up spending more time in California because we knew people there and we're like well we got to cut it somewhere so instead of going to Seattle when we left Francisco we just kind of cut straight
across.
look
what
are you aware about?
Only been through there
very far. Me. You were
Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh I'm sure. So is it as overcast and grey? Is it?
It
is,
yeah it feels like it's somewhere in the eighties, maybe seventies or eighties say. But we had one week that was brutally hot and humid. But we get in new york, I don't know if you've ever been here, we've been here in the summer, but what we get is these very very hot and humid uh spells in the summer and then we have focused storms if you're lucky the thunderstorm removed some of the humidity and bring the temperature down. But As often as not there's a thunderstorm, there's all this rain and then right after it's like Oh it's still 90° and humid and it's just gross. But we had a couple of huge storms um like last week not huge like a hurricane. We get those two, but just big thunderstorm very loud. Lots of lightning and flooding and stuff like that.
and they're great for sleeping to this very nice background.
Oh I love them. But as I said you know you hope that it alters the weather to make it a little more comfortable and it doesn't always mean sometimes there's just so much humidity in the atmosphere that you can't do a thing about it. Uh
Play.
I've been
in Arizona isn't a desert though.
you
have in the southern part of Arizona who keeps inviting us to come visit. I haven't been there. So she moved from New Jersey at I've only been in Arizona in the northern part
have been to the Grand Canyon into the Dona and that that part of the state. So.
it's beautiful. It's absolutely gorgeous. I mean those red rocks, I mean there's a reason they use them as a background for so many movies because they're really striking.
Mhm.
So
have I? And I'd like to go back actually. I went there once. We just went my sister and I once for a weekend because it's so nearby. I mean it's like two hours away from new york and it went there just you know got a hotel and just hung out and did some sightseeing. But really is a nice city. I mean if you're from new york it seems kind of small but it's also it's got some nice
museums and
you've
been to D. C. And you've been to Philly twice and that's been the extent of your east Coast.
yes
I think I see a lot of time just not recently. My parents used to we used to always go to all the civil rights marches and stuff like that when I was little and had a school trip in high school. But again it's not far away from new york. I they're not as close to philadelphia but
but I remember the heat. Oh my gosh! I remember seeing people taking your shoes off and putting their feet in the reflecting pool near the Washington monument just to pull off through.
Well wants
to the people so we might, but you kind of that kind of weather where you are, that kind of brutal
ship you
get Israel
I
believe the concept
of how to deal with that. Yeah,
I mean conditioning, but that's stupid. I should, you know?
just
in case
it's
all and you wake up in the middle of the night just sweaty,
it's disgusting. Yeah.
Well I have every summer and every summer today should
be the
summer.
No, but there is an air conditioner actually in my window but it's broken and it's just like getting somebody to take it out and I'm certainly not lugging that heavy thing on my own. You know,
I am in the Bronx, I want
to
have
to new york. You have to realize that we new york people in new york city are extremely provincial and when I new york, I mean the city of new york, not
all those
whatever
that's to the north and
western.
You shouldn't though, I mean it's a big state. I could be in buffalo, you know, it could be 100 miles away, I think it's 400 miles. But you know what I'm saying,
It's
a city, it's a large one. No, but
I'm in
well, it's a good place to, I mean it's not a good place to go now. It's not a good place. It's not good to go anywhere. And frankly, uh,
we in new york city in new york state don't want you or anybody else to come here and viruses with you? Not you personally.
But
uh, aside from the cabin fever, I'm doing okay. I mean I am, we just don't go out of the house very much. You know, if I leave the apartment like twice a week, that's a lot, I take out the garbage, that's about it, a part of the grocery store. In fact we've been having groceries delivered, but you know, it was really, really, really bad here. And also where I'm located, which is, you know, first of all the population is really dense in the whole city pretty much and where we are, it's, you know, apartments, a few houses, but it's very nicely populated. It's not a high income areas, a low income area. And we were one of the hardest hit zip codes in the city. I was their charts. And I was like, oh, well, we're the, you know, third worst in the front row were the 1st, 1st in the, you know, and There was a period there in the spring where you would just hear ambulances like 5, 10 times a day. And it was really disconcerting because it was like, it was disturbing, you know, because you thinking, oh my God, it's another sick person. That's another sick person going to the hospital. And I'm, they have locked things down well. And aside from a few people being really foolish and reckless, I mean, they've reduced the number of people in the hospitals by 95% over a couple of months ago.
They go
days with no deaths. I don't know statistically. It's really zero, but it's few enough that it's meaningless. But you know, the problem is, is somebody gonna come in who is traveling in florida, you know, or something like it. But I mean, people are not universally intelligent about this or following instructions. I mean they've, they've suspended liquor licenses to places are closed down bars and restaurants because there are people just congregating there, standing right next to each other. They're breathing all over each other with no masks. And we have neighbors, we have some neighbors who um like a week or two ago, we're having a party right out in this courtyard, right outside my bedroom window. It's like, what's wrong with you? People, you know.
I just, I don't understand.
It doesn't, I don't understand. I understand. You know, people don't want to have a mask on their face and they don't want to be stuck in the house and especially people have Children. It must be really tedious and it must be really, it must get on your nerves terribly. But you know, inconvenient self, your yourself a little bit in the interest of something
more
long term, you know, so I mean, you know, it's unlikely that I could have even been exposed because all I've had is like delivery people and most of the time I try to keep my distance, they have masks. Sometimes I put on a mask if I even answer the door, but I had to go to the hospital with something unrelated and they just tested as a matter of course and the test was negative as of like a couple weeks ago. So goodness, you know, you never, that's the thing, you're dependent on other people being careful and considerate and smart. You know, people are not always, I just saw this video of all these people in florida or I don't know what they're thinking and they're saying like, well, yeah, um, you know, the government just put it out here to reduce the population. Oh, well, actually, if you believe that's true, why would you expose yourself to it? That's what I don't understand. No matter what the cause of it is, it's still it's still a disease, right?
It's dumbness is what
it is because it's selfishness. But you can ultimately hurt yourself. I mean, it's one thing to say, like I'm young and I'm in good health, but There's not 100% guarantee that it won't affect you. Just, you don't have, you know, a heart condition and you're not old or whatever. I mean, it's
it's
lucky.
Well,
it's
fortunate that he's in a place that they're not, you know, a million people on top of him. Really?
Well, what
what's really distressing to me is that if you're a young person and you're basically in good health, you don't have whatever conditions you don't have asthma, you don't have, you know that heart or whatever kind of systemic problems uh you know, you can say like I probably won't get it if I get it, I'll probably survive and I won't get that sick because probably true. Like do you have parents? Do you have siblings? Do you have neighbors? I mean and it makes me sad that the argument on masks has always been your protecting other people and it's not effective. It's not effective to say don't make other people sick. I mean what is this disregard for other people that
of course saying
though.
I mean we have friends who have had it and you know, one friend, I mean months later she's still kind of getting her strength back. Not older person, you know? Anyway, what are depressing conversation?
She
reality
Yeah.
I don't
know.
bread.
And
the fact very
bad too. I mean you were one of the early places that's really effective. Yeah.
Some more pictures
strength
because
see I work from home,
that
thing I mean I don't go to an office so there's been no reason to go. You know, accepted, go to like a doctor's appointment or you know something that I had to go to. And it's it's strange when you go out of the house, it's like oh there is an outside and there are people and I mean for a period there you mentioned the racing cars then during that same period and we're hearing all the ambulances. There was not you can hear traffic on the street except there were people racing. You heard engines revving and was like, what the heck is going on? But apparently, I guess they were taking advantage of the fact that there wasn't a lot of traffic. But I mean, I really I mean, I keep saying I feel like I'm living in a dystopian novel, whatever bed, very depressing and also comic, dystopian novel. But I mean that really added to it like all you heard was ambulances and then, hmm, what?
So
weird.
and I'm on the first floor in there. The houses are built around courtyards so right outside my window there's a little kind of courtyard
area and usually people are walking by, especially Children. And just like months you didn't hear voices going by the window is very, very strange.
I
don't
have a cat. If I had a dog I'd be out of the house every day obviously
to have company to. I mean I can't
I mean you don't live alone, I don't live alone, I can't imagine what it's like. I mean some people are very introverted, I'm not very introverted but I can't be by myself, you know and I can be, I don't go out, I'm pretty like socially awkward, you know
I have a lot of anxiety about people and gatherings, but I like to interact with people but I mean I can't imagine people who no matter how introverted they are and how much who live by themselves who don't have a spouse or a roommate or a child or even a pet just being by themselves, nobody to interact with, nobody to talk to. I mean I imagine that is psychologically really, I mean can you imagine?
And she's by herself?
It really isn't. And yeah, anyway, I mean we supposedly in new york state are no longer on lockdown but uh
it is a threat and we, we were locked up here for a long time because we started, I think they put it on what they call pause, I think it was March 22nd or 23rd and we already decided a few days before that we hadn't been going out much, but we were like you know what, we're not going anywhere unless we have to a few days before and it was through March in april and May and you and its
longest now. I mean it's, I don't know, it's such a bizarre you know situation. Um yes, it's funny um just to bring up something totally frivolous but related to this, there's this um woman who does youtube videos named julie and then pronounceable as a Nokia. I think she's Canadian. She did this video back in, I want to say april of her future self coming, time traveling back to january or february and explaining like I can't really reveal, you know, it's against the rules of time travel, I can't tell you exactly what's happening. But, and, and so the early year person says, yeah, all those fires in Australia and all those animals getting killed and the houses being destroyed. I mean that's the biggest thing to happen this year and the future self goes, oh yeah, yeah, you would think that right. And then he did
it well
where the june person came back and talked to the april person and the april person saying something that, oh the police, they're there to help us and blah blah blah. And the june person's going, uh no, no,
what
are you? I mean remember when Australia was on fire and they were like, oh all those people pals are destroying all those poor koalas and all those trees and what and you know, reminded of it months later, it's like that was this year, it's been totally, you know, pushed out of our brains by all this other stuff that's happened. Luckily
the murder hornets didn't seem to come too much. So
let's
coast, aren't they? Wow.
scary.
I think
What
large orange?
Yeah. Lord! For this is bad enough as far as I'm
concerned,
what's out?
you know, I really hate to think, well I heard there
to hurricanes about two possibly converge or at least get close enough in florida figure about this,
believe it's somewhere near, know where those hurricanes do you know? You're florida right?
They're going to converge their two storm systems around Louisiana. So in the gulf of Mexico and they're saying that if they even get within 100 miles of each other, it's still going to cause such disturbance in the air flow and the precipitation and everything, but they might actually touch each other. And I don't know what happens. Then it becomes like some giant,
well, you know like when we had Sandy here, which wasn't even a hurricane, it was Superstorm. Sandy was the first time in 100 years that closed the subways in new york. We don't close the subways. It happened
once
another
heart.
You know, there was this footage of subway stations and the water was just coming down
this waterfall
and oh God, that was, that was really quite something sandy. That was really Well, I, my my boss, the job, I was in there and said we're going to stay open and if you can come I'll pay your cab fare now. I'm coming from the northwest. That's a long trip. And uh it took me hours to get there. Where's like I would set out from home and by the time I got to work the battery, my cell phone was dead.
It was
incorrect.
People, people who live near um you know the geography of new york, but there are people who live in Astoria, which is in Queens, but just across from the east side of Manhattan, they were walking to work like walking miles over the bridge. And it was Yeah, but
anyway.
Yeah, no, I mean I, you know, I feel bad for for all these people have been through this stuff with the virus and so forth because if it's near Louisiana, I'm in Louisiana had a really bad with this, a really terrible time of it. Although one of the people chatted with was in New Orleans and she's she's a graduate student and she said you know we have frat houses near us and housing where there are students and he said people having parties, they're just crammed into the house and having parties and they don't care. I said but you were one of the epicenters, she said. Yeah, I know it was getting better now. It's getting worse because people are congregating. Yeah, I
think
we have. It's been
way.
I said my name is melissa. I didn't even ask you who you are.
Nice to chat with you too, josh have a great day and
hope
hopefully things are getting better. Yeah.
Thanks,
bye
bye.
You.