Yeah. Everything okay. Mhm Yeah. Yes. Uh huh Uh huh Kick in kick. Oh yeah. Oh, please no. Mm hmm. Uh huh Oh yeah. Eat two threads are cool. Mhm Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh. All right. Right. Yeah. Killing you wanna watch looney tunes for a little bit? Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Gold. Okay. Yeah. All right. Holy Oh, I can't talk bugs. Daffy other. Uh huh I know. Oh God, that would be one. Yeah. A whole bunch of road runners here.
Hi there. How are you?
I'm sorry about that. I'm setting up some cartoons for my son to watch. All
So you mostly have
you done this before then? Yeah.
Okay. Well, I've done
this is only my second one for this round. I didn't realize you could do it multiple times.
My son. Yeah.
Is
it? Yeah. Yeah. This is my second one and you're the first female I've talked to. I've done this twice now, so and both sort of young dudes before. Yeah.
fruit.
No, I just woke up and I'm drinking coffee
so
I'm in I'm
in Seattle.
Which kind is that
I've never
seen
I've never seen that
one.
Who?
I thought, you know, be honest, you were freaking first thing in the morning
like.
Yeah. Cool. Well I'm in Seattle so we're far apart here.
No, I live here about 20, about 20 years and
I'm third. Well thank you for asking. So I'm 38. Almost 39. But
there you go.
It's a beautiful, beautiful place.
Cut
back across. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I'm I
grew up in I grew up in California.
Uh near sacramento. Look around there.
Okay. It's as good as it can get around
Parts of it just sort of a sprawling, yeah, valley,
a lot of farms and the suburbs. Yeah. So
this is a nice change.
it's
actually it's
been raining, it's been raining the last couple of days, which is pretty nice. I mean it's, you know, the middle of summer, so it's, you know, 100 10° in Sacramento where I grew up. So it's about 75, 70 and Sprinkle e.
I love the big thunderstorms. Could be kind of like refreshing during the summer.
A sound. Yeah,
Would spend time in Tucson in the summers growing growing up and they have, in the late summer kind of right around now they would have monsoons.
So like, you know, it would be 100 and 10 to 15 degrees. And then
an enormous,
it's still desert. Yeah but they would have these epic thunderstorms and flash floods that would roll through and they're very dramatic. Lots of lightning, lots of rain
and you know cools everything down real quick and then blows through basically. Very
What
Also very nice up there.
Yeah. Novel
I've been back east uh Maybe three times. I went to d. c. when I was a kid uh during the summer. So I remember the humidity and the heat. Uh and then I've been to philadelphia twice
on a work trip.
Well
that's yeah that's why I went to the museum
related
pretty much. Yeah.
Yeah.
there.
That's what it meant that's what it's meant for. Right
kidding. I'm just
Pretty
pretty
rare. It's pretty rare I think maybe uh maybe about 10 years ago, it got to be over 100 and five, about over 100 degrees for a week here in Seattle and that was not unheard of, but very rare, So we'll
get 90°100°
occasionally.
well hardly anyone here has air conditioning except for the like new construction. Uh So
it actually uh
influence to install air conditioning in our in our house, so
Just in case because it's you know like you go to sleep and it's
90°95° in your bedroom,
sweaty.
Yeah.
you
get
used to it, I'm
Yeah. So where in new york are you?
in New
york
city?
I
I know,
I know,
I
assume so
you know
I had sort of deduced that you were like in an apartment maybe and then maybe there's a city and you know
never
been wanted to go but never been.
that's true,
I know,
I understand yeah. How are you, have you all been coping over there?
that's
pretty good
some people have less regard for it, that's for sure,
it doesn't seem real I suppose
The
greater good yeah,
it's selfishness, just you know
there
yeah my dad lives in sort of the foothills in California and he's always been um independently minded uh so but with this whole thing and the masks and he's like I'm not wearing a mask, like well why not? He's like I don't I don't want to I don't I don't see what's the purpose, you
know and where he lives, it's like there's a very small population there spread out quite far.
They probably have had little to no cases in their area, but still it's like well maybe you should take some precautions and just in case something like that and he's like whatever.
So what's the big what's the big
deal? You know?
but you know I live in a city here and work in the city here and we're sort of in temporary housing here and there is a parking lot across from us that young people congregate with their like race cars and they just hang out there for hours, just like, you know in small groups, but like no one wears masks, no one, you know? So it's it's very disconcerting and discouraging to just be to see people just hanging out and be like come on guys, just
try try just try
That and you know, it's not to say that younger people can't get hurt by my
my sons,
one of my son's preschool teachers and his sort of classroom Came down with it and he's like younger than me, he's probably in his early 30s and he got very sick, he had to go into the intensive care and like you know, for almost two weeks it's like that's that's not nothing and it'll probably affect for the rest of his life. Uh
Well
it is what it is right, you know, it's like that's
what's happening. Yeah,
exactly. So we hold up here from basically like early March through mm
I
would say the through the end of june kind of july and then and then I got the clearance to go back to work. One of the few one of the few pieces few people rather to go back to work. So it's like a very small number of people to go back in and do some work in small numbers. So it's been very strange and I work in the city so it's been very strange to go back into the city where you know it's not like there's not that many people that live in the city so like it's you know kind of a ghost town and then you know we had all these protests here that kind of
got out of control and so like everything is boarded up because their roving gangs of
protesters
who are wrecking things.
exactly, so
it seems
like we've been
affected for a long time, but it's nice to get back to doing stuff because
staying at
home.
huh. What's
what's
going on out there,
but.
Yeah, we we were sort of fortunate in our neighborhood where our houses, we uh have a little school down the street and a sort of a park kind of behind like a green space kind of behind it. And so like once a day we would get out and like you know socially distance outside and uh take walks and get my son out running around. But we ended up seeing like all these neighbors that we have never seen before and everyone was walking dogs and
things like
everyone has a dog, you don't have a dog that everyone dog.
it seems like they got a dog just as an excuse to get outside.
that too.
Honey.
I can't imagine I had a coworker who was a single young lady and she was living just sort of right in the protest zone essentially. And so every night she would hear like flash bangs and helicopters and riot police and like over the course of a month and more. I mean
she's by herself in an apartment, you can't leave, you know, and she says like it really started to get on her and luckily she's from here. So she was able to uh you know, she had quarantined into her apartment for so long, she was able to go and stay with her mom Like you know 45 minutes away and kind of a suburb. Just like it was a huge change in my mental state. Just like so anxious and so you know uh alone. She said you know you can do video calls, you can do phone calls and do that kind of stuff, but it's not the same, you know.
It's still the threat there, still the threat there.
I know. Uh huh.
What
few months different.
Yeah. It's been a weird weird
times and
Lots of things to think about that's for sure.
Well you know they are they're
up here. They're in my neck of the woods.
and in like my region as well. So we had a we had sort of my wife was out on the beach here with my son and uh saw some flying something's coming in and out of the ground on the beach and it was like oh my god it's the heart. And she said they were, you know, sizable flying things and uh oh my God,
I think it's them it's normal but I
think it might be something different but still yeah with it yeah.
Very very large hornets. I don't know if it's the
huge
not
enough.
What else what else can we get thrown at us this year?
What?
No.
No.
Super hurricane,
I know,
that was
pretty
crazy
pouring
in. I know. Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
And
they got turned around and go all the way back.
Well
I hope it doesn't get that bad.
Mhm.
Well I think we've hit our time
and I think
I'm ready for breakfast. What's that?
I'm josh, it's nice to meet you and nice to chat with you
you
as well.
I hope so for you as well.
All right, we'll
take
care.