SPEAKER_L: mm. But Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Oh, I'm about to share with you something that's very strange. Many of you guys already know that I was came out to human trafficking. A big truck driver. I was able to escape. I was looking through your comments and I've seen a lot of people saying that they believe that he's a legit Adrian, so not a real person, but a drawer. And I'm going to share with you guys why I believe that too. Before I ran through the corn fields by myself, you gave me water, sweat and a cardigan. Just that told me his name about three times and I kept on forgetting his name. That's forward. I get to my ass house. I rush I packed all my bad. I wanted to remember this guy so I took the cardigan and I put it inside the look different than everybody. When I got to tell you, I packed my bags and try to get people not, they're nowhere to be found until this thing. I don't remember his face. Everything I'm about to share with you. Yes, that's very strained. Uh huh. But yeah, yeah, if you had $86,400 in your bank account and someone stole $10 from you which you throw the other $86,390 away. Of course not. So you have 86,400 sex. Everyone, everyone is here, hook, everybody's here. Okay now we're going to get more people in here. Actually, can you come and tell her that you're here for her? Okay. Okay. You've got a bunny. Everyone is here. Wait, okay, wow. I know. Way down the hair. It's never finally get the hair dryer like oh well a little bit, but that's not the one we're going for a nice and easy. Okay, beautiful. Got a bear here before things got a tub on its head when he's getting scared. Oh, 24 hour, we're gonna get this tub off his head. Next look, a just a baby bear here every day, shuttle around the circle around, just get out of your, yep. Uh huh. You saved our little beer swim. Happy from Yeah, the bear here before things got a tub on its head. Well, he's getting scared. Oh, 24 hour already, get this tub off his head. Next look, the way I work hard, every argument with, it's called the Socratic method. It comes from H increase and of course it's basically you play down and ask a lot of clarifying questions and by doing so you force people to find out. For example, let's say, someone says you gotta get a mexican to do your one, you could say that raises a shit or you can say, what do you mean by that? You just put the spotlight on what they were really trying to say. Which of course systems and not only that it was wrong, but also learned from another example, you're pretty for black, you could snap your well in your right to do so or you could say wait these kinds of questions what they're really trying to say by the way, you're probably already using it. Like if someone says, oh I love you, say, what do you mean by that way, choose your scenarios, why? Because this yourself opportunity ended up making a lot of enemies. And what way I don't know what they don't know. The thing is this is the whole reason I even started making videos like this thought from watching animal, but I knew I needed to know about most, but then I saw the next to a card, my entire understanding and you know it's crazier. My God, what is that? Yeah. Oh my God, what is that? Hey girl you sound a lot more confident when you remove the word just from your vocabulary, Try this instead. Okay, so and so I'm following up on X. Y. Z. To get a status update. I wanted to check out X. Y. Z. Because anything I can do to assist, please let me know, let me know your thoughts. Looking forward to hearing from you. Hey girl you Oh mm hmm. Uh huh Right. Uh looking at my new furniture. Um but I just found out my dad's pregnant, so I'm kind of like on a tighter budget, what is the price on this when there's 4 49 sniffed my sec. That's a lot. Um how weiner stiff are you on that price? It's not negotiable. Okay, you guys, except like it from Canada. It. Let me just say this though, Canadian. Uh this is why I stay out of Africa. There's a man by the name of Morris plots and you felt God tell him that he needed to go to Africa and go help remote african tribes come to jesus. So Morris went to Africa but he didn't have a car to drive around to these different tribes. When all of a sudden the spirit of the Lord told him that there would be a vehicle waiting for him on the side of the road. The next day he ended up finding a red cheap and him and his interpreter went to go find this tribe out in the eastern Africa. Now this was dangerous because this tribe was very well known for killing white men. And as Morrison his interpreter roll up to the tribe, they see hundreds of african warriors come after them with their spirits picking. They're about to die. They freak out. Certainly the whole tribe takes in the interpreter, asked the chief, what's going on? Chief looked at the interpreter and said. A man in a white cloud came here yesterday and spoke to us. He was an all white garments that he told us that a man in a red chariot would be coming to show us the path to eternal life, jesus is king. If it how to survive a conversation with your girlfriend or wife step one is going to be the most difficult. You are going to have to act somewhat interested in what she's talking about. This can be done by raising your eyebrows and not infrequently step to your on cruise control man. You can zone out. You can think about what you're going to be later. Are
SPEAKER_R: hi,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good? I'm just sitting here chilling along merrily. And I was like scrolling through Tiktok. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was like okay, I gotta do this thing. Oh crap, it's already like 3 50. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I did one of these. Have you ever done one with the prolific before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I've actually done this study once before, and so when I saw they had a repeat, I was like, oh that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty easy. Um, I don't know. I think we ended up talking about like school and like the stock market last night. I don't even know how we got on that subject.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think we ended up being a partner to ended up talking a lot about like politics and like social justice and stuff, so that was cool. Do you think you can move your camera down a little because I don't know if your face is fully in the screen or maybe if you're using something with a vertical screen?
SPEAKER_L: No, see, I'm like in kind of like a lounge type chair and a laptop is high up. So my bad, I gotta,
SPEAKER_R: I ask, are you in a dorm room? Kind of looks like a dorm bed?
SPEAKER_L: that's a military base. So I'm in the barracks room. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: if that,
SPEAKER_R: normally I'd be in a dorm, but you know, with everything going on, it was like oh I guess I'm not going to go live on campus, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you in school?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I'm in a university. Um I just finished my sophomore year and uh the semester was pretty rough because of switching online halfway through,
SPEAKER_L: I understand. I'm in school online right now. I'm going to uh, american military University. So
SPEAKER_R: So. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, studying business. I got two more classes until I go into my senior year and then I'll be almost done.
SPEAKER_R: I'm I'm studying actually opera, vocal performance, which is like can't really do that online super easily. So I've been like, should I do a gap here? Should I just switched my major? Should I add a minor that I could do online even more easily? I'm not sure yet.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I can see how that would be hard.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Because like I'd love to just add another major, a minor, but you know scholarship money only lasts so long, so you have to think about
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: how to budget.
SPEAKER_L: they give you like a time limit, you have to use it within like a certain amount of time or
SPEAKER_R: I think it's something like, you know, you get four years and so you do whatever you can in four years, right? So if you take a bunch of classes then you're okay, but they might charge you extra if you go over the limit and then passed four years, like you might be able to convince them to give you some more money just because they don't want you to drop out. It doesn't look very good.
SPEAKER_L: Right, I get you.
SPEAKER_R: And then I think the federal loans or something like, I think they stopped paying out after six years. So if you don't have a degree within six years, so a little more flexible there.
SPEAKER_L: Right, I'm fortunate enough to have the G. I. Bill, so it's not as difficult to use not many restrictions, like they're pretty lenient about how you can use it and like if you want to go to a different school, transfer is really easy, you just go online and type up a little form real quick. Takes like five minutes.
SPEAKER_R: That's great. Yeah. One of my good friends was in the Navy for seven years. And so now he's on the gi bill at the same school as I am. He's a doing a nursing program.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What school are you going to?
SPEAKER_R: pacific Lutheran University. It's pretty small over in Washington State. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I got you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They're trying to figure out how to do some in person stuff and I mean they're going to be able to do it for some classes because they can put the little tiny classes into a big lecture hall and then they can social distance, but like 150 person classes, I don't know that's going to have to be online.
SPEAKER_L: Gadget. So when you graduate um are you like gonna do like acting or Thank?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I'll probably have to pay the bills with either voice lessons like teaching in my own studio or maybe get an office job or something and then you can do evening rehearsals and performances like audition for things and see what you get.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you do any of that in like high school or did you start college? She did
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah it was pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: or the
SPEAKER_R: So I grew up in a really small community but we happen to have um a couple of people living in the community that were opera singers and they'd always wanted to start their own company. So they started this little tiny company that does two shows a year but I've been singing in their chorus for like 10 years so it's been really fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I wish I was like talented. I don't really have any skills. So my only
SPEAKER_R: on, you
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: gotta
SPEAKER_L: only way
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: skills. There's something
SPEAKER_L: I really don't like all I know now is like military because I've been in for going on actually it's been eight years so
SPEAKER_R: eight years wow.
SPEAKER_L: don't really know
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: um which branch are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in the army now. I started off in the Marine Corps but then transferred over to the army. Nobody it's like you know I got out the Marine Corps, I was like you know what, I want to try something different so. No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can't say that anybody in my family is really military but I have a couple of friends who have done it and kind of mixed experiences. Like I think they my friend Cody who's in the nursing program he's got a lot of like bonding and I think he's come out of it like a stronger person and he learned a lot about fitness but then also saw a lot of things like as a triage medic that were pretty pretty hard to forget. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. It's like when you join the military kind of developed like a love hate for it because there's a lot of aspects about it that's like really annoying like if anybody asked me like what do you think about the military? I'll tell them like I hate it but like you know like the friendships and like the brotherhood and you know all that part of it. No.
SPEAKER_R: And then there's like the benefits like the G. I. Bill and then the V. A. Is supposed to be a benefit but I know it doesn't always work out so well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm getting out soon probably like the next couple of weeks so I'm getting ready the V. A. So I can't really speak other than the G. I. Bill how well they are. I mean I've heard stories I've heard both. I heard you know good stories. Bad stories so yeah
SPEAKER_R: it probably depends on the branch that you get like whatever your local branches.
SPEAKER_L: I think it just depends on really your involvement with the V. A. What you need them to do for you So like we're
SPEAKER_R: makes
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: your illness or you know whatever the case so mm
SPEAKER_R: and sometimes I know they just end up with like shortages and like any like civilian healthcare place could end up with shortages two of certain things. So especially right now.
SPEAKER_L: right now like everybody is shorthanded so I can't even all
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it's going up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was like I went to visit my nana a couple weeks ago and she had so many medical masks. I was like nana, you don't really need like 500 medical masks. You could donate those to a hospital or something. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Crazy always masking. So like are you like bunkering down, trying not to leave or is it not as bad?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much. Um So in our county in Washington where at like stage two so you can technically go get your hair done, get your nails done. Um All that kind of thing. But I've been trying to avoid it just because I don't really need to go out for things. I have really wanted to hang out with friends, but I feel like nobody is really taking it seriously and my friend group anymore, so I don't know if people would wear masks have tried to distance.
SPEAKER_L: uh I'm not even going on like try to shame anybody because I'm guilty for not taking it as seriously but at the same time I try not to leave as often like you know I'll go like grocery shopping or stuff like that but it's not there's not really a lot I won't do but I try to do it in moderation, you know what I mean? Like by blog you know like once every two weeks or something like that. So I mean
SPEAKER_R: to be honest, it's like, oh, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: No no no you're good.
SPEAKER_R: okay. To be honest, it's like the things that I really want to do, like go to a concert or play or, you know, go hang out at the library or something or not even options yet, so eventually we'll come back and I do want to hang out with some friends probably outside. You know the way I've been a lot nicer lately?
SPEAKER_L: mhm I would like to get out. I mean uh I'm in Oklahoma there's nothing to do here so even before the pandemic it was just I don't
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: do you do? Hmm.
SPEAKER_L: it's like just sitting under Iraq.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, we've been trying to get at least some outdoor time in. So um I'm living with my partner, with my boyfriend and um his parents rented this really nice cabin out in the mountains this last weekend and so we all went out there and like had you know we grilled, had ribs and fondue and went on hikes every day, it was really nice,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They have like one place where you can do that here just like not far, probably like 20 minutes from here. Like you can rent a cabin. Uh There's like wild buffalo to walk around. You can go, they got this mount scott, you can go climb the mountain and then like this really big lake out there, you know, just go out there and like site C. And stuff like that. It's like I think there's like indian reserves here and stuff like that. So it's like a lot of uh cultural historic things about care, Loughton, Oklahoma
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that sounds pretty cool actually, we tried to go to a lake but it was too snowy and we didn't have any snow shoes or polls, so it's like we're just gonna fall on our asses in the snow and that doesn't sound very fun.
SPEAKER_L: everything is snow is so long. It's been like at least 15 years. Over 15 years. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: You've been in some pretty pretty warm places I guess. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mostly uh south. So um originally lived in florida before I joined the military, but I was born in New Jersey. And uh when I was younger I would go to New Jersey and visit family and stuff like that, but it's better.
SPEAKER_R: So some snow there for sure. Yeah I've lived here in Washington my whole life um moved around a lot just because my parents always rented you know like my dad always said well it's just cheaper to rent when you don't have a big chunk of money for a down payment on a house. So we moved around a lot, but always in the same small area, which was kind of funny like I never had to change friends of schools really just houses.
SPEAKER_L: Or speaking of Reading and my wife, we were just talking earlier about rent to own and I was like what what even is that this rental
SPEAKER_R: is that like you rent for a while and then once you've paid off a certain amount of rent you just own the house.
SPEAKER_L: somewhat? So from what I understand it's like you rent the house and after a certain amount of time you can opt to buy it or keep renting or obviously move if you don't want to live there anymore, but if you opt to buy it after that time that money you paid in rent will like be applied to the purchase of the home as if like you're so it's like I guess that's a win win.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that kind of seems like a no brainer. I mean as long as the rent isn't super high.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't know, we might do something like that. I think
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that could be cool.
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking about trying to get a v a loan instead. I think that would just be better with the super low interest rate and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that'd be cool. So you can get like loans that are big enough to start paying off a house.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean like we have a savings now, but I kind of don't want to use all the cash I have for a down payment and then still need stuff like, okay, we have a house, but no furniture.
SPEAKER_R: right, it's like, well we have a house but nowhere to sleep or eat or nowhere to sleep and we can't eat because we spend all the cash on the house pressure. Yeah. How
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: long have you and your wife been together,
SPEAKER_L: we've been together for almost two years now.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's really, that's really sweet.
SPEAKER_L: I met her like early 2018 and we're just like hit it off really fast. Like we had a couple of hiccups like early on and you're like dating. And then we broke up and then we started dating again and then we really really broke up and then we got married and I was like, how the fuck that excuse me. I bet
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: I was like
SPEAKER_R: good, you're
SPEAKER_L: laugh.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: We like had all these issues at first and then we end up married and then like, once we got married, like everything was like smooth seller. Like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: we never,
SPEAKER_R: so cool.
SPEAKER_L: our fight argues just like, you know, it's always peaceful coming home. It's not like, oh man, come home. She's gonna yell at me or nag like none of that. I don't have any of those issues. And I'm not like type of guy that like coming straight home and help one like Call of duty or something like that, like work like a 12 hour ship and come home and like cook and clean and stuff like that. So like, I don't really have to worry about it. I don't know. I don't understand how people can just like, you know, I understand having a job and then like retired and then you want to come home relax. But people ran like, you know, you leave your wife at home with the kids and then the household chores and like it might seem like not much to you but you know put yourself in that situation is stressful and sometimes it can be more stressful than going to work. Like you know, I know a lot of women with kids that will say you know, I would rather go to work and then have my husband you know stay home and then do all that. Yeah, I feel for her. So like you know like I said sometimes I try to like just give her a break some days I'm talking don't worry about waking up, it could be my day off, like just sleep. I got it, I'll take it.
SPEAKER_R: totally, that's great. Yeah, my boyfriend is pretty good about it. I have to pester him a little because I'm like, you know, if you're gonna, if you're gonna use 20 dishes a day, you've got to wash 20 dishes a day, you have to put in what you put out kind of. So um he's like, oh, I have to wash dishes every day and it's kind of a joke, you know, like,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, that's just how it is, sorry, at least you have a dishwasher When I was growing up. Um I have four younger siblings and we didn't have a dishwasher, so you just have to wash seven people's dishes by hand every day kind of a lot. But finally my family moved into a house with a dishwasher and I went over and I was like, so mom isn't it great to have this dishwasher now, and she's like, no one knows how to use it except me because they never grew up with one, so they just refused to use it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of funny. I hope, I hope the kids pick it up. It's not that hard. You put the dishes in, you put in the soap, you close it, it's not that bad.
SPEAKER_L: that's a hard concept for kids to understand.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: so. I guess so.
SPEAKER_L: it's like the most simple things like you use it
SPEAKER_R: It seems
SPEAKER_L: wash it, you don't even have to like do the manual labor, you can put it in a machine that will literally do but they'll rather eat and then smear the food on their face and around the wall and just throw the dishes.
SPEAKER_R: like, okay, I'm just going to leave this dish on the couch, you're in the corner of the room. I don't know somewhere, will you never find it?
SPEAKER_L: I'm like how did that feel okay when you did that? Nothing about that should have felt right.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I know. Actually my parents are pretty good about like the one thing that we all do is we go and rinse our dishes. Like when we didn't have a dishwasher, this is pretty important. You know, you go and rinse your dish when you're done and then you don't get ants and things and fruit flies and then when you actually watch them, you don't have all that nasty grease and stuff stuck to the dishes. So they're pretty good about it. You know the little ones they forget, But they're pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Like I have like some dishes in here but I don't really have like a catch in the area. So like when I use my dishes I have to wash them because I can't sit there with like you know containers with like food in it. They just L. B. Girls sit so
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: like like I might like rent it out and then like you know just wash them all at the end of the day or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have like a kitchen down the hall? Some kind of communal lounge thing?
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't use it if we did
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What do you have? Like just running water or?
SPEAKER_L: a small refrigerator and microwave. I have like a crock pot coffee. Male. Uh I mean I have a sink but it's like this I think part of bathroom so it's not like a big sink.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I'm used to dorm life where it's like you have your little room and they say no microwaves, no hot plates, no coffee makers, do it all down the hall in the kitchen. So I finally, I finally just gave in and bought like one of those little like carts and I put all my pots and pans and food and stuff on there and I just roll it to the kitchen and roll it back.
SPEAKER_L: That's ingenuity.
SPEAKER_R: and I just got like all right, I have to carry an arm, a lot of dishes all the way to the kitchen and then back and then the ingredients if I want to make something and then back
SPEAKER_L: See when I first got here we stayed in a different barracks building but it was for like uh the private lower ranking personnel so we didn't have food or anything at all in the barracks like do any of that like eight, you have to either eat outside or in the lounge like but there was nowhere to like you know cook or make food or anything like that so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: some kind of cafeteria situation or
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah we went to the mess hall but like you know nothing we didn't have anything in that building for like you know making food. Yeah but um what was I gonna say? Oh yeah when we moved here like you know, I felt better because they kind of loosen up on restrictions. Kind of treat us like grown men like you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: can have we don't have like a duty death so nobody is like, you know, checking up on us and like hey we're still awake in this song like oh course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that must be nicer for sure. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's like different, different types of living, you know, I can only really relate it back to what I know from like campus living, you know since I've never been in the military but there's like the apartments where nobody cares what you do or if you drink or anything, but there's still technically dorms. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: told us um we used to be able to have alcohol, but then some guys like kind of got out of hand and I think they're like started like a campfire out in the parking lot or like somebody threw up somewhere crazy and somebody like not the exercise often stealing. So like yeah, they were like okay no more drinking but at the same
SPEAKER_R: man,
SPEAKER_L: time we're here like in our own building with no supervision. So like if we did drink, you know
SPEAKER_R: who's
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: going to know unless you do go crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, those people just going crazy so we really we can drink in moderation. Like I can get, you know, a couple of drinks have some just you can't go crazy and destroy the building because then it'll be obvious if somebody box three.
SPEAKER_R: totally. Yeah, I lived in the like the 21 up dorm last summer because that's the only one that they leave open during the summer. And so like, you know technically I'm not supposed to have it because I was 18, but also technically you're allowed to have it in the building. So
SPEAKER_L: I'll call you.
SPEAKER_R: have my friend Cody, you get some like, you know, fighter or whatever
SPEAKER_L: You got to have a drink every now and then in college like.
SPEAKER_R: every now and then. Yeah. And like I'd rather have my friend buy me something sealed from the store than just go to a party and be like, okay, it's mystery. Punch time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like,
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: good,
SPEAKER_L: know like this open stuff, you know, not just because people like put drugs in it, but at the same time like some people are gross. Like I got to see my drink made before
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: I drink. I don't like people to bring me something to drink or you know, get a cup out of a punch ball. It's just been sitting there like. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: You don't know if somebody's spitting it like totally. I only trust a punch if it's made by my friends. Like sometimes we have theater parties and then you know, I know the owner of the house, I know who bought the alcohol. I know who made the drink that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But anything else? It's like, it's just a bunch of random dudes on the football team. I don't know them. They don't know me.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Even still like, like sometimes not not often, but you have those times, even with people, you know, can be sketchy and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you would think
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: of uh I
SPEAKER_R: Usually
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, if it's a woman I know who made the drink, then I'm like, all right, this is probably fine. Like if it's one of my girlfriends from theater or something, I'm like, yeah, I mean, I trust her. She's she's all right. Yeah. Um I honestly don't go to a lot of parties mostly if there's a reason to like if it's a cast party for a show I was in or something, we're like a meet and greet for a department. But if it's just a bunch of random people, it's not really that much fun.
SPEAKER_L: No, I kind of remember the last time I've been to a party already and I think it was like five years ago somewhere, it's been it's been a hot, but I'm not too much for a party person because I'll start to get irritated, especially when there's alcohol, it will get annoying and I could
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: I can be drunk to still be annoyed sometimes, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or it's like, you know, I'm I'm totally a lightweight. So when people are like, oh, you want to play pong, I'm like, look at me. You think that's a good idea? No.
SPEAKER_L: mm uh and I think sometimes that could be socially awkward too and I'll try not to be within like but I'm sure when I don't think I am being socially awkward, I get the vibe from people that I am and then I just like kind of like just walk away like okay.
SPEAKER_R: You're like, okay. I don't know what I did there. I definitely have had. People will be mad at me without telling me. Like if I was interrupting them and not realizing it and it's like if you would tell me, I'd apologize and stop doing it. But I don't know if you don't tell me. So like I'm trying to pay attention to it, but I might not notice.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh And then like another thing is I kind of like, you know, branched off from a lot of my friendships because I feel like uh ever since I joined the military, I feel like people have changed, like a lot of people didn't really keep up with me or anything like that. Like there were a couple of people that would talk to every now and then and I just reconnected with some people from high school. But like, I don't know, it's like weird because um I guess it would be like kind of like conceded, you're like, oh, well if I were somebody else, I'll be friends with me. But like, I mean it's true. It's true because I'm like, I'm not trying to be big head at all. I'm like a super cool person because like I'm one of those friends that are like unreasonably, you know, good for people. Like you can like call me up at like three a.m. In the morning. I feel like hey like I'm like six hours away stuck on the side of the road, can you come pick me up? And I'll be like yeah sure
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't even think twice about it, you know what I mean? And like
SPEAKER_R: My friend Cody is like that too. He'll just always come and help you if you need, if you need a helping hand. He's a great person.
SPEAKER_L: or.
SPEAKER_R: Like, you can be like, I'm trying to move out of my dorm and I don't have any help and I'm totally freaking out and he'll be like, all right, I'll be right over with my tools and then he's there. Great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then like it's not just that we're like, you know, I actually listen to people like we were talking and then like you can mention like oh um I just lost my job or something like that and like I won't forget that like oh like keep my eye out and then like if I see a really good opportunity gonna call like hey like this company is hiring, they're paying this much like this, it's your schedule, perfectly blah blah blah. Like you know a lot of people, they just want to like they'll listen to your problems, but they'll be like, oh I feel sorry for you. But then it's not really like real empathy because they don't really care because they'll just go about their business. But like I try to like in the back of my head, like if I can help somebody in a certain type of way or like whatever it is, it can be the smallest thing. You never know. Like that can change somebody's like the whole world upside down. Like yeah, just the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: smallest.
SPEAKER_R: did try to remember like if somebody says, you know, this is what's going on, I need some help or I need this thing, I'll be like, hey, I just saw this thing for sale and it's really cheap and maybe I can help you get what you need. Or maybe, you know, here's this, I know you're having like their problems, here's a hair product. You know, even if it's just like a little kind of thing that doesn't see that important, but you can say, hey, I found this thing that helped me. So maybe it'll help you. I really like sharing resources. You know, like if I find out you can get something for free from the library or there's like a tool library somewhere or something or like a free like tutoring tool or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: like that's another thing I do too and that's just like with everybody, if I like find something that's like really good, like works for me, like uh for instance, I just started like really investing last year. Uh huh And this investment is probably like, it's kind of like a game. Yeah, this is probably the easiest game I ever played to make money. I'm like how is this real? Like how is this a thing? Because I don't know anything about like, you know, analyzing companies or you know, all the fancy terms and all that crap. And like ever since I started, you know, I have not had any issues. Even when the stock market crashed, my portfolio was still up like 30%. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I guess you picked some good cos honestly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, I base my decisions which they tell you not to do that. But I base my decisions on other people's knowledge of the stock market. And that's how I that's that's my cheat code because I don't need to know anything as long as I pay attention to people who do know stuff about the stock. So it's not like, you know, I'm not just like a copycat. Like I don't just follow like uh warren Buffett and just buy all the stuff you guys like, you know, information all over the place, like people talking about this and like, you know, like watch videos, like sometimes it'll be kind of like uh spontaneous decision, you know, I'm going to buy 20 shares of this just because somebody said something, but I still have to sell me the argument like why, why should I buy that? So I mean, it might be like a two minute video, but if I get enough value out of that two minutes, you know, then that will probably lead to me making decision. But sometimes like, like sometimes I'll sit and watch like, you know, 2030 minute videos and these are people that like spend hours and hours to gather all this information. But the cool thing about it is I don't have to do it because they already did it for him.
SPEAKER_R: totally. So much less work. Like you don't need to go and fact check literally everything you ever read. As long as you have some journalists and publications that you trust, it saves you a lot of time. So you got to find the people you can trust and then say all right well I'm going to trust that you did your job well.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. But yeah, it's been working for me. And like I try to tell people like I'm in like a group chat, my family, I'm like, hey, like I tell them exactly what I do. I'm like this is what's working for me as some screenshots. Like tell them like making like a lot of money and like it's really easy because I don't, you know, only put away so much a paycheck is not a lot of money. And because you know the money makes money like you can you can invest $50 a paycheck but end up like, you know, a couple of grand after a couple of months like because you're R. O. I it's so huge and like
SPEAKER_R: That's great.
SPEAKER_L: I tried to explain to them like how easy it is and it just kind of blew me off and like okay whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm always thinking like I don't really have enough money to invest but if you can do like smaller amounts because some shares you know it's like I can't spend $500 on a share but it's like a $20 share than sure.
SPEAKER_L: I mean you don't have to buy like you know share apple every single time you can or uh some places let you do like fractional investments that you can buy like a portion of the share, so like a portion of a portion of the company. So does that mean it doesn't take a lot of money to start and as long as you're making good decisions, it'll it'll grow and what you thought was maybe not a lot of money, what was manageable will eventually turn into a lot of money and it won't take that long either. You just have to make informed decisions. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm glad
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you didn't lose money with the downturn because I know a lot of people did and they were kind of freaking out and I was like, well I don't know if you should rush and sell because it'll come back up eventually. You just, maybe you have to wait for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Well my portfolio lost value but I was still up on my money so like I didn't really lose anything, like I lost the value at the time, but you know at the same time I still in the long run I still made more money from investing. So like I think at the time it was probably down 30%. So um I probably lost like half of my return on investment. Which is not bad because I'm still up. I didn't lose any money that I put in.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Sometimes it's
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: listening?
SPEAKER_R: of panic like, oh no, the value are like the R O. I went down, I must be losing money, but like you're still making money or just not making as much money as you would have been making.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, you know my palms are or sweating but not not like you know because I was scared. I was like, oh my god, everything is so cheap. Like I bought so many things. I was like young
SPEAKER_R: I've been thinking about it like we did when a stock really going to get cheaper and it's not like no recession lasts forever. Right. It always comes back up
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: one day
SPEAKER_L: I'm like why is everybody panicking? This is like a really good thing if you're investing in the stock market, this is probably like the best thing that could happen to you. Like
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: everything like
SPEAKER_R: Like if you just are getting started, it's great.
SPEAKER_L: it's like $400 cheaper sharing. Why would that be? You know, why would you get scared about like these companies like that? I invest in like google Microsoft amazon. They've been around you know for you know like 50 plus years and I'm like what makes you think like this one pandemic is gonna like wipe them off the map. They've already been through recessions, they've have proven track records. So why why would losing value right now for you know temporarily, why would that be a bad thing now? It was silent.
SPEAKER_R: Probably it's not great though for like people who have like airline stock because right now it's impossible to say which airlines are going to survive and which ones are going to just tank
SPEAKER_L: only that's that's different. Or like airlines.
SPEAKER_R: like I'd be worried if I had airline stocks specifically.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I thought about buying into right now but I don't think that would be a good idea. I don't know enough about about airline companies and stuff like that. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean hopefully they'll they'll all come back, but it's just hard to say like maybe one of them goes under like delta and then american goes up. Who knows? So it's kind of a gamble? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but in Dustin is a gamble, it really is tight, whatever money and best you have to be ready to lose it. There's no absolute safe invest investment. I mean
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. There used to be, I definitely read about like people buying like government bonds that were guaranteed to increase in value, but I don't know if those exist anymore if that's like a thing.
SPEAKER_L: they do they do exist and that is good for like um That's more that's more closer to like the savings in anything
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: retirement kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: yeah because we don't get like a large return. Like if you invest $100 like after a couple of years you might get back like 100 and 10. So it's not a lot of money but I mean like you know the money is going to be there, you know it's gonna make some return so it's like
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: if you want to save your money without wearing as much about inflation kind of making it worthless.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's pretty much that
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah so I guess we're at 25 minutes. Uh huh. Think these
SPEAKER_L: thank you all over
SPEAKER_R: yeah so we can keep talking if you on or if you have something you want to get to today
SPEAKER_L: Uh It doesn't matter to me.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah I mean it's been it's been pretty cool getting no use so
SPEAKER_L: Nice to know you too. Uh I guess that's it then what?
SPEAKER_R: it's good to talk I don't mean to like rush you off or anything I was just like oh
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: there's just I wanted to look up later so yeah good to meet you
SPEAKER_L: listen to to have a good night.