mm. But Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Oh, I'm about to share with you something that's very strange. Many of you guys already know that I was came out to human trafficking. A big truck driver. I was able to escape. I was looking through your comments and I've seen a lot of people saying that they believe that he's a legit Adrian, so not a real person, but a drawer. And I'm going to share with you guys why I believe that too. Before I ran through the corn fields by myself, you gave me water, sweat and a cardigan. Just that told me his name about three times and I kept on forgetting his name. That's forward. I get to my ass house. I rush I packed all my bad. I wanted to remember this guy so I took the cardigan and I put it inside the look different than everybody. When I got to tell you, I packed my bags and try to get people not, they're nowhere to be found until this thing. I don't remember his face. Everything I'm about to share with you. Yes, that's very strained. Uh huh. But yeah, yeah, if you had $86,400 in your bank account and someone stole $10 from you which you throw the other $86,390 away. Of course not. So you have 86,400 sex. Everyone, everyone is here, hook, everybody's here. Okay now we're going to get more people in here. Actually, can you come and tell her that you're here for her? Okay. Okay. You've got a bunny. Everyone is here. Wait, okay, wow. I know. Way down the hair. It's never finally get the hair dryer like oh well a little bit, but that's not the one we're going for a nice and easy. Okay, beautiful. Got a bear here before things got a tub on its head when he's getting scared. Oh, 24 hour, we're gonna get this tub off his head. Next look, a just a baby bear here every day, shuttle around the circle around, just get out of your, yep. Uh huh. You saved our little beer swim. Happy from Yeah, the bear here before things got a tub on its head. Well, he's getting scared. Oh, 24 hour already, get this tub off his head. Next look, the way I work hard, every argument with, it's called the Socratic method. It comes from H increase and of course it's basically you play down and ask a lot of clarifying questions and by doing so you force people to find out. For example, let's say, someone says you gotta get a mexican to do your one, you could say that raises a shit or you can say, what do you mean by that? You just put the spotlight on what they were really trying to say. Which of course systems and not only that it was wrong, but also learned from another example, you're pretty for black, you could snap your well in your right to do so or you could say wait these kinds of questions what they're really trying to say by the way, you're probably already using it. Like if someone says, oh I love you, say, what do you mean by that way, choose your scenarios, why? Because this yourself opportunity ended up making a lot of enemies. And what way I don't know what they don't know. The thing is this is the whole reason I even started making videos like this thought from watching animal, but I knew I needed to know about most, but then I saw the next to a card, my entire understanding and you know it's crazier. My God, what is that? Yeah. Oh my God, what is that? Hey girl you sound a lot more confident when you remove the word just from your vocabulary, Try this instead. Okay, so and so I'm following up on X. Y. Z. To get a status update. I wanted to check out X. Y. Z. Because anything I can do to assist, please let me know, let me know your thoughts. Looking forward to hearing from you. Hey girl you Oh mm hmm. Uh huh Right. Uh looking at my new furniture. Um but I just found out my dad's pregnant, so I'm kind of like on a tighter budget, what is the price on this when there's 4 49 sniffed my sec. That's a lot. Um how weiner stiff are you on that price? It's not negotiable. Okay, you guys, except like it from Canada. It. Let me just say this though, Canadian. Uh this is why I stay out of Africa. There's a man by the name of Morris plots and you felt God tell him that he needed to go to Africa and go help remote african tribes come to jesus. So Morris went to Africa but he didn't have a car to drive around to these different tribes. When all of a sudden the spirit of the Lord told him that there would be a vehicle waiting for him on the side of the road. The next day he ended up finding a red cheap and him and his interpreter went to go find this tribe out in the eastern Africa. Now this was dangerous because this tribe was very well known for killing white men. And as Morrison his interpreter roll up to the tribe, they see hundreds of african warriors come after them with their spirits picking. They're about to die. They freak out. Certainly the whole tribe takes in the interpreter, asked the chief, what's going on? Chief looked at the interpreter and said. A man in a white cloud came here yesterday and spoke to us. He was an all white garments that he told us that a man in a red chariot would be coming to show us the path to eternal life, jesus is king. If it how to survive a conversation with your girlfriend or wife step one is going to be the most difficult. You are going to have to act somewhat interested in what she's talking about. This can be done by raising your eyebrows and not infrequently step to your on cruise control man. You can zone out. You can think about what you're going to be later. Are
you
pretty good? I'm just sitting here chilling along merrily. And I was like scrolling through Tiktok. Yeah,
I did one of these. Have you ever done one with the prolific before?
Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty easy. Um, I don't know. I think we ended up talking about like school and like the stock market last night. I don't even know how we got on that subject.
No, see, I'm like in kind of like a lounge type chair and a laptop is high up. So my bad, I gotta,
that's a military base. So I'm in the barracks room. Yes,
if that,
Yeah. Are you in school?
I understand. I'm in school online right now. I'm going to uh, american military University. So
yeah, studying business. I got two more classes until I go into my senior year and then I'll be almost done.
Right. Yeah, I can see how that would be hard.
All
they give you like a time limit, you have to use it within like a certain amount of time or
Right, I get you.
Right, I'm fortunate enough to have the G. I. Bill, so it's not as difficult to use not many restrictions, like they're pretty lenient about how you can use it and like if you want to go to a different school, transfer is really easy, you just go online and type up a little form real quick. Takes like five minutes.
Okay. What school are you going to?
I got you.
Gadget. So when you graduate um are you like gonna do like acting or Thank?
Yeah. Did you do any of that in like high school or did you start college? She did
or the
yeah, I wish I was like talented. I don't really have any skills. So my only
The
only way
out
I really don't like all I know now is like military because I've been in for going on actually it's been eight years so
don't really know
how
I'm in the army now. I started off in the Marine Corps but then transferred over to the army. Nobody it's like you know I got out the Marine Corps, I was like you know what, I want to try something different so. No.
Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. It's like when you join the military kind of developed like a love hate for it because there's a lot of aspects about it that's like really annoying like if anybody asked me like what do you think about the military? I'll tell them like I hate it but like you know like the friendships and like the brotherhood and you know all that part of it. No.
Yeah I'm getting out soon probably like the next couple of weeks so I'm getting ready the V. A. So I can't really speak other than the G. I. Bill how well they are. I mean I've heard stories I've heard both. I heard you know good stories. Bad stories so yeah
I think it just depends on really your involvement with the V. A. What you need them to do for you So like we're
going
your illness or you know whatever the case so mm
right now like everybody is shorthanded so I can't even all
that
it's going up.
Crazy always masking. So like are you like bunkering down, trying not to leave or is it not as bad?
uh I'm not even going on like try to shame anybody because I'm guilty for not taking it as seriously but at the same time I try not to leave as often like you know I'll go like grocery shopping or stuff like that but it's not there's not really a lot I won't do but I try to do it in moderation, you know what I mean? Like by blog you know like once every two weeks or something like that. So I mean
No no no you're good.
mhm I would like to get out. I mean uh I'm in Oklahoma there's nothing to do here so even before the pandemic it was just I don't
know
it's like just sitting under Iraq.
Yeah. They have like one place where you can do that here just like not far, probably like 20 minutes from here. Like you can rent a cabin. Uh There's like wild buffalo to walk around. You can go, they got this mount scott, you can go climb the mountain and then like this really big lake out there, you know, just go out there and like site C. And stuff like that. It's like I think there's like indian reserves here and stuff like that. So it's like a lot of uh cultural historic things about care, Loughton, Oklahoma
everything is snow is so long. It's been like at least 15 years. Over 15 years. Yes.
Yeah. Mostly uh south. So um originally lived in florida before I joined the military, but I was born in New Jersey. And uh when I was younger I would go to New Jersey and visit family and stuff like that, but it's better.
Or speaking of Reading and my wife, we were just talking earlier about rent to own and I was like what what even is that this rental
somewhat? So from what I understand it's like you rent the house and after a certain amount of time you can opt to buy it or keep renting or obviously move if you don't want to live there anymore, but if you opt to buy it after that time that money you paid in rent will like be applied to the purchase of the home as if like you're so it's like I guess that's a win win.
So I don't know, we might do something like that. I think
I'm thinking about trying to get a v a loan instead. I think that would just be better with the super low interest rate and all that stuff.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean like we have a savings now, but I kind of don't want to use all the cash I have for a down payment and then still need stuff like, okay, we have a house, but no furniture.
because
we've been together for almost two years now.
I met her like early 2018 and we're just like hit it off really fast. Like we had a couple of hiccups like early on and you're like dating. And then we broke up and then we started dating again and then we really really broke up and then we got married and I was like, how the fuck that excuse me. I bet
I was like
laugh.
We like had all these issues at first and then we end up married and then like, once we got married, like everything was like smooth seller. Like
we never,
our fight argues just like, you know, it's always peaceful coming home. It's not like, oh man, come home. She's gonna yell at me or nag like none of that. I don't have any of those issues. And I'm not like type of guy that like coming straight home and help one like Call of duty or something like that, like work like a 12 hour ship and come home and like cook and clean and stuff like that. So like, I don't really have to worry about it. I don't know. I don't understand how people can just like, you know, I understand having a job and then like retired and then you want to come home relax. But people ran like, you know, you leave your wife at home with the kids and then the household chores and like it might seem like not much to you but you know put yourself in that situation is stressful and sometimes it can be more stressful than going to work. Like you know, I know a lot of women with kids that will say you know, I would rather go to work and then have my husband you know stay home and then do all that. Yeah, I feel for her. So like you know like I said sometimes I try to like just give her a break some days I'm talking don't worry about waking up, it could be my day off, like just sleep. I got it, I'll take it.
Absolutely.
Oh
that's a hard concept for kids to understand.
I
mean
it's like the most simple things like you use it
wash it, you don't even have to like do the manual labor, you can put it in a machine that will literally do but they'll rather eat and then smear the food on their face and around the wall and just throw the dishes.
I'm like how did that feel okay when you did that? Nothing about that should have felt right.
mm. Like I have like some dishes in here but I don't really have like a catch in the area. So like when I use my dishes I have to wash them because I can't sit there with like you know containers with like food in it. They just L. B. Girls sit so
like like I might like rent it out and then like you know just wash them all at the end of the day or something like that.
I wouldn't use it if we did
a small refrigerator and microwave. I have like a crock pot coffee. Male. Uh I mean I have a sink but it's like this I think part of bathroom so it's not like a big sink.
That's ingenuity.
See when I first got here we stayed in a different barracks building but it was for like uh the private lower ranking personnel so we didn't have food or anything at all in the barracks like do any of that like eight, you have to either eat outside or in the lounge like but there was nowhere to like you know cook or make food or anything like that so. Mhm.
Well yeah we went to the mess hall but like you know nothing we didn't have anything in that building for like you know making food. Yeah but um what was I gonna say? Oh yeah when we moved here like you know, I felt better because they kind of loosen up on restrictions. Kind of treat us like grown men like you
can have we don't have like a duty death so nobody is like, you know, checking up on us and like hey we're still awake in this song like oh course.
Mhm.
told us um we used to be able to have alcohol, but then some guys like kind of got out of hand and I think they're like started like a campfire out in the parking lot or like somebody threw up somewhere crazy and somebody like not the exercise often stealing. So like yeah, they were like okay no more drinking but at the same
time we're here like in our own building with no supervision. So like if we did drink, you know
there
yeah, those people just going crazy so we really we can drink in moderation. Like I can get, you know, a couple of drinks have some just you can't go crazy and destroy the building because then it'll be obvious if somebody box three.
I'll call you.
You got to have a drink every now and then in college like.
Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like,
you
know like this open stuff, you know, not just because people like put drugs in it, but at the same time like some people are gross. Like I got to see my drink made before
I drink. I don't like people to bring me something to drink or you know, get a cup out of a punch ball. It's just been sitting there like. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Mhm. Even still like, like sometimes not not often, but you have those times, even with people, you know, can be sketchy and
you would think
of uh I
know
No, I kind of remember the last time I've been to a party already and I think it was like five years ago somewhere, it's been it's been a hot, but I'm not too much for a party person because I'll start to get irritated, especially when there's alcohol, it will get annoying and I could
I can be drunk to still be annoyed sometimes, so
mm uh and I think sometimes that could be socially awkward too and I'll try not to be within like but I'm sure when I don't think I am being socially awkward, I get the vibe from people that I am and then I just like kind of like just walk away like okay.
Uh huh And then like another thing is I kind of like, you know, branched off from a lot of my friendships because I feel like uh ever since I joined the military, I feel like people have changed, like a lot of people didn't really keep up with me or anything like that. Like there were a couple of people that would talk to every now and then and I just reconnected with some people from high school. But like, I don't know, it's like weird because um I guess it would be like kind of like conceded, you're like, oh, well if I were somebody else, I'll be friends with me. But like, I mean it's true. It's true because I'm like, I'm not trying to be big head at all. I'm like a super cool person because like I'm one of those friends that are like unreasonably, you know, good for people. Like you can like call me up at like three a.m. In the morning. I feel like hey like I'm like six hours away stuck on the side of the road, can you come pick me up? And I'll be like yeah sure
I wouldn't even think twice about it, you know what I mean? And like
or.
Yeah and then like it's not just that we're like, you know, I actually listen to people like we were talking and then like you can mention like oh um I just lost my job or something like that and like I won't forget that like oh like keep my eye out and then like if I see a really good opportunity gonna call like hey like this company is hiring, they're paying this much like this, it's your schedule, perfectly blah blah blah. Like you know a lot of people, they just want to like they'll listen to your problems, but they'll be like, oh I feel sorry for you. But then it's not really like real empathy because they don't really care because they'll just go about their business. But like I try to like in the back of my head, like if I can help somebody in a certain type of way or like whatever it is, it can be the smallest thing. You never know. Like that can change somebody's like the whole world upside down. Like yeah, just the
smallest.
like that's another thing I do too and that's just like with everybody, if I like find something that's like really good, like works for me, like uh for instance, I just started like really investing last year. Uh huh And this investment is probably like, it's kind of like a game. Yeah, this is probably the easiest game I ever played to make money. I'm like how is this real? Like how is this a thing? Because I don't know anything about like, you know, analyzing companies or you know, all the fancy terms and all that crap. And like ever since I started, you know, I have not had any issues. Even when the stock market crashed, my portfolio was still up like 30%. Uh huh.
Yeah. You know, I base my decisions which they tell you not to do that. But I base my decisions on other people's knowledge of the stock market. And that's how I that's that's my cheat code because I don't need to know anything as long as I pay attention to people who do know stuff about the stock. So it's not like, you know, I'm not just like a copycat. Like I don't just follow like uh warren Buffett and just buy all the stuff you guys like, you know, information all over the place, like people talking about this and like, you know, like watch videos, like sometimes it'll be kind of like uh spontaneous decision, you know, I'm going to buy 20 shares of this just because somebody said something, but I still have to sell me the argument like why, why should I buy that? So I mean, it might be like a two minute video, but if I get enough value out of that two minutes, you know, then that will probably lead to me making decision. But sometimes like, like sometimes I'll sit and watch like, you know, 2030 minute videos and these are people that like spend hours and hours to gather all this information. But the cool thing about it is I don't have to do it because they already did it for him.
Oh yeah. But yeah, it's been working for me. And like I try to tell people like I'm in like a group chat, my family, I'm like, hey, like I tell them exactly what I do. I'm like this is what's working for me as some screenshots. Like tell them like making like a lot of money and like it's really easy because I don't, you know, only put away so much a paycheck is not a lot of money. And because you know the money makes money like you can you can invest $50 a paycheck but end up like, you know, a couple of grand after a couple of months like because you're R. O. I it's so huge and like
I tried to explain to them like how easy it is and it just kind of blew me off and like okay whatever.
I mean you don't have to buy like you know share apple every single time you can or uh some places let you do like fractional investments that you can buy like a portion of the share, so like a portion of a portion of the company. So does that mean it doesn't take a lot of money to start and as long as you're making good decisions, it'll it'll grow and what you thought was maybe not a lot of money, what was manageable will eventually turn into a lot of money and it won't take that long either. You just have to make informed decisions. Thanks.
No.
Well my portfolio lost value but I was still up on my money so like I didn't really lose anything, like I lost the value at the time, but you know at the same time I still in the long run I still made more money from investing. So like I think at the time it was probably down 30%. So um I probably lost like half of my return on investment. Which is not bad because I'm still up. I didn't lose any money that I put in.
Are
you
listening?
I was like, you know my palms are or sweating but not not like you know because I was scared. I was like, oh my god, everything is so cheap. Like I bought so many things. I was like young
What?
I'm like why is everybody panicking? This is like a really good thing if you're investing in the stock market, this is probably like the best thing that could happen to you. Like
everything like
it's like $400 cheaper sharing. Why would that be? You know, why would you get scared about like these companies like that? I invest in like google Microsoft amazon. They've been around you know for you know like 50 plus years and I'm like what makes you think like this one pandemic is gonna like wipe them off the map. They've already been through recessions, they've have proven track records. So why why would losing value right now for you know temporarily, why would that be a bad thing now? It was silent.
only that's that's different. Or like airlines.
Yeah I thought about buying into right now but I don't think that would be a good idea. I don't know enough about about airline companies and stuff like that. So.
Yeah but in Dustin is a gamble, it really is tight, whatever money and best you have to be ready to lose it. There's no absolute safe invest investment. I mean
they do they do exist and that is good for like um That's more that's more closer to like the savings in anything
because
yeah because we don't get like a large return. Like if you invest $100 like after a couple of years you might get back like 100 and 10. So it's not a lot of money but I mean like you know the money is going to be there, you know it's gonna make some return so it's like
I
don't know.
Yeah that's pretty much that
thank you all over
Uh It doesn't matter to me.
Nice to know you too. Uh I guess that's it then what?
That's
listen to to have a good night.