hi,
Good, how are you?
Yeah, I was like okay, I gotta do this thing. Oh crap, it's already like 3 50. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, I've actually done this study once before, and so when I saw they had a repeat, I was like, oh that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I think we ended up being a partner to ended up talking a lot about like politics and like social justice and stuff, so that was cool. Do you think you can move your camera down a little because I don't know if your face is fully in the screen or maybe if you're using something with a vertical screen?
I ask, are you in a dorm room? Kind of looks like a dorm bed?
Yeah,
normally I'd be in a dorm, but you know, with everything going on, it was like oh I guess I'm not going to go live on campus, you know?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm in a university. Um I just finished my sophomore year and uh the semester was pretty rough because of switching online halfway through,
So. Cool.
I'm I'm studying actually opera, vocal performance, which is like can't really do that online super easily. So I've been like, should I do a gap here? Should I just switched my major? Should I add a minor that I could do online even more easily? I'm not sure yet.
Mhm. Because like I'd love to just add another major, a minor, but you know scholarship money only lasts so long, so you have to think about
how to budget.
I think it's something like, you know, you get four years and so you do whatever you can in four years, right? So if you take a bunch of classes then you're okay, but they might charge you extra if you go over the limit and then passed four years, like you might be able to convince them to give you some more money just because they don't want you to drop out. It doesn't look very good.
And then I think the federal loans or something like, I think they stopped paying out after six years. So if you don't have a degree within six years, so a little more flexible there.
That's great. Yeah. One of my good friends was in the Navy for seven years. And so now he's on the gi bill at the same school as I am. He's a doing a nursing program.
pacific Lutheran University. It's pretty small over in Washington State. Mhm.
Yeah. They're trying to figure out how to do some in person stuff and I mean they're going to be able to do it for some classes because they can put the little tiny classes into a big lecture hall and then they can social distance, but like 150 person classes, I don't know that's going to have to be online.
Yeah I think I'll probably have to pay the bills with either voice lessons like teaching in my own studio or maybe get an office job or something and then you can do evening rehearsals and performances like audition for things and see what you get.
Mm Yeah it was pretty cool.
So I grew up in a really small community but we happen to have um a couple of people living in the community that were opera singers and they'd always wanted to start their own company. So they started this little tiny company that does two shows a year but I've been singing in their chorus for like 10 years so it's been really fun.
on, you
gotta
have
skills. There's something
eight years wow.
Which
um which branch are you in?
Yeah. I can't say that anybody in my family is really military but I have a couple of friends who have done it and kind of mixed experiences. Like I think they my friend Cody who's in the nursing program he's got a lot of like bonding and I think he's come out of it like a stronger person and he learned a lot about fitness but then also saw a lot of things like as a triage medic that were pretty pretty hard to forget. So.
And then there's like the benefits like the G. I. Bill and then the V. A. Is supposed to be a benefit but I know it doesn't always work out so well.
it probably depends on the branch that you get like whatever your local branches.
makes
sense.
and sometimes I know they just end up with like shortages and like any like civilian healthcare place could end up with shortages two of certain things. So especially right now.
it's
crazy.
Yeah. I was like I went to visit my nana a couple weeks ago and she had so many medical masks. I was like nana, you don't really need like 500 medical masks. You could donate those to a hospital or something. Yeah. Mhm.
pretty much. Um So in our county in Washington where at like stage two so you can technically go get your hair done, get your nails done. Um All that kind of thing. But I've been trying to avoid it just because I don't really need to go out for things. I have really wanted to hang out with friends, but I feel like nobody is really taking it seriously and my friend group anymore, so I don't know if people would wear masks have tried to distance.
to be honest, it's like, oh, sorry,
okay. To be honest, it's like the things that I really want to do, like go to a concert or play or, you know, go hang out at the library or something or not even options yet, so eventually we'll come back and I do want to hang out with some friends probably outside. You know the way I've been a lot nicer lately?
What
do you do? Hmm.
Mhm. Yeah, we've been trying to get at least some outdoor time in. So um I'm living with my partner, with my boyfriend and um his parents rented this really nice cabin out in the mountains this last weekend and so we all went out there and like had you know we grilled, had ribs and fondue and went on hikes every day, it was really nice,
Yeah that sounds pretty cool actually, we tried to go to a lake but it was too snowy and we didn't have any snow shoes or polls, so it's like we're just gonna fall on our asses in the snow and that doesn't sound very fun.
You've been in some pretty pretty warm places I guess. Mhm.
So some snow there for sure. Yeah I've lived here in Washington my whole life um moved around a lot just because my parents always rented you know like my dad always said well it's just cheaper to rent when you don't have a big chunk of money for a down payment on a house. So we moved around a lot, but always in the same small area, which was kind of funny like I never had to change friends of schools really just houses.
is that like you rent for a while and then once you've paid off a certain amount of rent you just own the house.
Yeah, that kind of seems like a no brainer. I mean as long as the rent isn't super high.
Yeah, that could be cool.
Yeah, that'd be cool. So you can get like loans that are big enough to start paying off a house.
right, it's like, well we have a house but nowhere to sleep or eat or nowhere to sleep and we can't eat because we spend all the cash on the house pressure. Yeah. How
long have you and your wife been together,
wow, that's really, that's really sweet.
You're
good, you're
good.
that's
so cool.
totally, that's great. Yeah, my boyfriend is pretty good about it. I have to pester him a little because I'm like, you know, if you're gonna, if you're gonna use 20 dishes a day, you've got to wash 20 dishes a day, you have to put in what you put out kind of. So um he's like, oh, I have to wash dishes every day and it's kind of a joke, you know, like,
like, yeah, that's just how it is, sorry, at least you have a dishwasher When I was growing up. Um I have four younger siblings and we didn't have a dishwasher, so you just have to wash seven people's dishes by hand every day kind of a lot. But finally my family moved into a house with a dishwasher and I went over and I was like, so mom isn't it great to have this dishwasher now, and she's like, no one knows how to use it except me because they never grew up with one, so they just refused to use it. Mhm.
Yeah, it's kind of funny. I hope, I hope the kids pick it up. It's not that hard. You put the dishes in, you put in the soap, you close it, it's not that bad.
I
guess
so. I guess so.
It seems
like, okay, I'm just going to leave this dish on the couch, you're in the corner of the room. I don't know somewhere, will you never find it?
I know. I know. Actually my parents are pretty good about like the one thing that we all do is we go and rinse our dishes. Like when we didn't have a dishwasher, this is pretty important. You know, you go and rinse your dish when you're done and then you don't get ants and things and fruit flies and then when you actually watch them, you don't have all that nasty grease and stuff stuck to the dishes. So they're pretty good about it. You know the little ones they forget, But they're pretty good.
totally.
Do you have like a kitchen down the hall? Some kind of communal lounge thing?
Okay. What do you have? Like just running water or?
Okay. Yeah. I'm used to dorm life where it's like you have your little room and they say no microwaves, no hot plates, no coffee makers, do it all down the hall in the kitchen. So I finally, I finally just gave in and bought like one of those little like carts and I put all my pots and pans and food and stuff on there and I just roll it to the kitchen and roll it back.
and I just got like all right, I have to carry an arm, a lot of dishes all the way to the kitchen and then back and then the ingredients if I want to make something and then back
some kind of cafeteria situation or
that's
Yeah, that must be nicer for sure. Yeah,
it's like different, different types of living, you know, I can only really relate it back to what I know from like campus living, you know since I've never been in the military but there's like the apartments where nobody cares what you do or if you drink or anything, but there's still technically dorms. Yeah,
man,
who's
going to know unless you do go crazy.
totally. Yeah, I lived in the like the 21 up dorm last summer because that's the only one that they leave open during the summer. And so like, you know technically I'm not supposed to have it because I was 18, but also technically you're allowed to have it in the building. So
have my friend Cody, you get some like, you know, fighter or whatever
every now and then. Yeah. And like I'd rather have my friend buy me something sealed from the store than just go to a party and be like, okay, it's mystery. Punch time.
Look
good,
totally.
You don't know if somebody's spitting it like totally. I only trust a punch if it's made by my friends. Like sometimes we have theater parties and then you know, I know the owner of the house, I know who bought the alcohol. I know who made the drink that's okay.
But anything else? It's like, it's just a bunch of random dudes on the football team. I don't know them. They don't know me.
That's
true.
Usually
I'm like, if it's a woman I know who made the drink, then I'm like, all right, this is probably fine. Like if it's one of my girlfriends from theater or something, I'm like, yeah, I mean, I trust her. She's she's all right. Yeah. Um I honestly don't go to a lot of parties mostly if there's a reason to like if it's a cast party for a show I was in or something, we're like a meet and greet for a department. But if it's just a bunch of random people, it's not really that much fun.
that's true.
Yeah. Or it's like, you know, I'm I'm totally a lightweight. So when people are like, oh, you want to play pong, I'm like, look at me. You think that's a good idea? No.
You're like, okay. I don't know what I did there. I definitely have had. People will be mad at me without telling me. Like if I was interrupting them and not realizing it and it's like if you would tell me, I'd apologize and stop doing it. But I don't know if you don't tell me. So like I'm trying to pay attention to it, but I might not notice.
totally.
My friend Cody is like that too. He'll just always come and help you if you need, if you need a helping hand. He's a great person.
Like, you can be like, I'm trying to move out of my dorm and I don't have any help and I'm totally freaking out and he'll be like, all right, I'll be right over with my tools and then he's there. Great.
I
did try to remember like if somebody says, you know, this is what's going on, I need some help or I need this thing, I'll be like, hey, I just saw this thing for sale and it's really cheap and maybe I can help you get what you need. Or maybe, you know, here's this, I know you're having like their problems, here's a hair product. You know, even if it's just like a little kind of thing that doesn't see that important, but you can say, hey, I found this thing that helped me. So maybe it'll help you. I really like sharing resources. You know, like if I find out you can get something for free from the library or there's like a tool library somewhere or something or like a free like tutoring tool or something like that.
I guess you picked some good cos honestly.
totally. So much less work. Like you don't need to go and fact check literally everything you ever read. As long as you have some journalists and publications that you trust, it saves you a lot of time. So you got to find the people you can trust and then say all right well I'm going to trust that you did your job well.
That's great.
Yeah I'm always thinking like I don't really have enough money to invest but if you can do like smaller amounts because some shares you know it's like I can't spend $500 on a share but it's like a $20 share than sure.
Yeah. I'm glad
you didn't lose money with the downturn because I know a lot of people did and they were kind of freaking out and I was like, well I don't know if you should rush and sell because it'll come back up eventually. You just, maybe you have to wait for a while.
Right. Sometimes it's
just
kind
of panic like, oh no, the value are like the R O. I went down, I must be losing money, but like you're still making money or just not making as much money as you would have been making.
I've been thinking about it like we did when a stock really going to get cheaper and it's not like no recession lasts forever. Right. It always comes back up
one day
totally.
Like if you just are getting started, it's great.
Probably it's not great though for like people who have like airline stock because right now it's impossible to say which airlines are going to survive and which ones are going to just tank
like I'd be worried if I had airline stocks specifically.
Yeah, I mean hopefully they'll they'll all come back, but it's just hard to say like maybe one of them goes under like delta and then american goes up. Who knows? So it's kind of a gamble? Okay.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. There used to be, I definitely read about like people buying like government bonds that were guaranteed to increase in value, but I don't know if those exist anymore if that's like a thing.
Like
retirement kind of stuff.
It's
good
if you want to save your money without wearing as much about inflation kind of making it worthless.
Mhm. Yeah so I guess we're at 25 minutes. Uh huh. Think these
yeah so we can keep talking if you on or if you have something you want to get to today
mm. Yeah I mean it's been it's been pretty cool getting no use so
it's good to talk I don't mean to like rush you off or anything I was just like oh
there's just I wanted to look up later so yeah good to meet you