Okay, Hey. Right. Mhm
Hi there, how's it going?
What's going? Well, thank you. My name is paul.
Hi Alicia, how are you doing tonight?
Was it a long, a long day?
All
Never ends up.
Yeah, there's, there's no brakes there. Well, did you, did you make anything good with your mom?
Oh, that sounds great.
Have
fun.
You can,
I
love
that kind of
time.
Now that you've discovered the shortcut, That's awesome. Do you enjoy cooking a lot?
well,
sure. Some of those brighter flavors a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah, get a little ginger going in there and some went on that night. Um, I enjoy cooking, definitely not a professional chef, but I, I appreciate all the experimentation and trying out new recipes and it's just incredible having resources like Youtube and stuff in terms of new recipes and just learning techniques, even, it's been huge for me just seeing how to do basic things, make up basic pan sauce and just, it's incredible how much there is to learn out there. It's really cool,
definitely more of a, definitely not a baker I've, that's something I would love to get into. I feel like I don't have great, it's area for baking. I feel like I need different surfaces. I don't have like a good stainless steel countertop to be rolling stuff out and just, I, I find baking to be pretty intimidating honestly. And I think that I would probably just need to do it and stubbed my toe a whole bunch and learn and learn and learn. But yeah, I just haven't gotten into it. I'd love to be able to make my own doughs and breads and make arts and all sorts of things. But yeah, I haven't, I haven't done it too much. What about you, do you do baking also,
definitely.
it was banana bread but then you added the dry Poppaea and some of the coconut. All that sounds great,
that's all super tropical. That's really cool.
that's
what how was the texture of the papaya? Did it did it stay kind of kind of dry and everything or did it actually kind of loosen up a little bit since it was around maybe a little bit wetter ingredients?
That's amazing. Yeah I definitely want to try that out sometime. What part of the country are you guys in?
it's
a dodger hat actually for Brooklyn. It's a b for Brooklyn. Yeah.
Blue.
No I no offense taken. We're still sort of uh celebrating the World series from yesterday. So uh
the final the World series ended yesterday because the Dodgers won the fourth game so they won the series, it could have potentially ended tonight if it had gone all the way, but they got the winds they needed. So it ended yesterday.
I'm not, unfortunately. That would be a dream job to be sure. I would trade what I do in a heartbeat. Um, the beautiful,
I do product management. I work for a software company and we design apps and stuff like that. But if I had a chance to be on a baseball field, like hitting home runs or even striking out, I definitely trade that, I think.
in high school and stuff, I, as an adult, I haven't, you know, aside from just like basic workout stuff riding the treadmill or, you know, going on runs and that kind of thing. I don't play organized sports any longer, although I've been thinking more and more about getting into like some sort of adult softball league maybe
open like that just because I do miss it and I think it would be a lot of fun, although, you know, with Covid and everything, there's not a not that kind of stuff going on. Okay.
I
definitely,
I've heard about that too. I think that would be a blast. I mean, I was a very uh passionate kickball player in elementary school, so I think I can generate the, you know, rebuild the old skill set and give that a try, but would be a lot of fun.
You know, it's um it's certainly not for everybody, it's a tough game and uh you
know,
there was
always
tether ball and there was definitely other options for those who were not kickball inclined for sure.
Tether ball was good. Got
to watch.
You don't get it caught with the net around that hurts and there is get
totally,
that would be cool. You know some some human chess and serve as one of the pieces. I think that that you're on to something there, that could be the next big thing I like kickball, adult kickball fat could be adult human chose. So
that's
a really good point actually. I I think that that you're definitely on to something there. How have you guys been faring as far as, you know, covid and everything related?
I'm in California
war.
No,
also
the fault. Yeah.
No.
completely
under false.
You have.
interesting.
No,
Well
that's amazing. Yeah,
that's yeah, that's really definitely a positive, it's been, it's been so confusing, sort of just sifting through all the information and things changing, moment to moment it seems and it's just, it's hard to know which way's up sometimes when it comes to this, it's just been really unbelievable.
Um It's it's been okay, I'm kind of in the central coastal part of California and we haven't had the same issues that like Los Angeles had or uh san Francisco, like some of the bigger um you know city areas, but um you know there's been cases, people for the most part have been really careful, our kids are still not, they're not doing in person school, it's been all distance learning uh in terms of things reopening, it's been pretty slow with that also. And even after things were opened initially a little bit and it was only certain places, they had to quickly backtracked because cases started to spike and so they've got colored tier systems. And if you're in red tear, it means one thing an orange hair salon and so forth. At this point there's restaurants are open for very limited sort of seating and it's mostly outdoors and uh you know, gyms aren't really open and there's a bunch of, and it changes, it seems like, you know, from every few weeks. And so it's, I think that, you know, you're kind of your point that just being really cautious and careful and
slow with it is really the way to go. Um and yeah, just, it's hard to imagine when things might ever return to normal and what, how will that might take?
well,
Well thank
you.
People are tying it to like their personal identity and political beliefs and all sorts of nonsense. And I mean one of the things I sort of hoped might come from this is us kind of adopting, you know how they do things in some of the asian countries during flu season. You know, if you're not feeling well and you have to get wear a mask, you know, I I would maybe if some small little bit of good could come from it something you know better hygiene around that sort of thing and follow the lead of countries that are handle it more intelligently I think would be just outstanding. But I don't hold out a ton of hope for that because I think that a lot of us have short memories when it comes to things and just get it at all. It seems like a very bizarre sort of stand to take. As far as feeling like it's some sort of infringement on your personal liberty or whatever. These people think they don't want to wear them. I just don't get it.
What?
Hello?
It's a really bizarre, there's all sorts of bizarre justifications floating around up there and it does seem like people are really stretching beyond what might, what they might normally, even, um, what they might normally to try to justify. Again. I just, I don't get the downside just wearing the thing. And it it was annoying it for like, you know, the first few times, it's like, wow, you know, this is weird to get used to and then you get used to it, and so I I I just can't, I can't grasp it. Yeah,
I think you're on to something, I think it's very revealing in terms of what, you know, the sort of conclusions you could maybe draw about somebody who'd be unwilling to do something that's so simple, easy, certainly, it's not a matter of affordability, you can get these things for just, you know, extremely cheap uh
does make you kind of wonder,
g if you're not willing to take this small
step, what else do you do, or what else do you feel? That's a really interesting point, and I've had similar thoughts and it's funny how when you do see those folks
not wearing them, that your eyes, it's immediately, it's like, wow,
you know, something's
wrong, you know, something doesn't look right there. Um
And it's again, it's just amazing to me how quickly we adapt just as humans, too bizarre situations, and how quickly things that were
once normal can now all of a sudden look wrong and danger threatening. Um
uh This has just all been surreal.
it's totally I've had the same reactions as far as thinking, like wow, that doesn't look correct, and then you realize that because there's a bunch of people gathered up or they're standing close together or they don't know each other and they're shaking hands, or just handshaking looks horrifying now, all
I can
say.
So how have your other conversations gone?
Well have you not paid his bill or what would have prompted them just to turn off his internet
more
than
that
I
am.
Oh that's unbelievable. Oh
what?
Not
surprised there,
My
that's awesome.
fourth, this is my fourth one. Um and yeah, they've been they've all been cool and it's interesting
talking to different folks and uh just hearing about people's experiences, the very first time I tried to do when the person uh they signed onto the call or whatever, but they left after like two minutes, and so that was kind of a bummer, because I didn't I didn't get compensated for that other than the dollar 50 or whatever they gave, and so that one was frustrating, but everything else has been really smooth with it and I appreciate that they let you redo it multiple times. I think that's cool
about what they're doing with us with this footage, but um Well.
well,
when
it
would
be basically what they what they plan to do or what the final report looks like or all sorts of things that I'm sure will never be privy to, but we'll at least have contributed to the success or lack thereof of whatever they do with this stuff.
I think you're right,
That's a good question, I don't know either. Um
Yeah, I have no idea. I mean, I saw that they're planning on doing another round of these, they sent out an email saying that, you know, in a couple of weeks that you can sign up and do another another batch, so I think that's really cool. I mean it's been interesting just randomly getting paired up with somebody
and kind of seeing where the conversation goes. Been pretty cool.
I think probably a lot, I don't know,
I
feel like for me, I definitely fall into almost a script of kind of the questions that I ask and when I asked what and that kind of thing, I bet you a lot of people discuss the nature of the conversation itself and natural, I mean you never met this person before and you know, it's it's a little bit different than like meeting somebody in a bar and then being able to, you know, what are you drinking? Okay, it's just tossed in there and like, you know, go, you have no idea what direction it could possibly
go. So it's
pretty, it's pretty cool.
Yeah, we both know prolific or we both know the platform and then that's our common friend and then you kind of go from there. It's, it's that's a good comparison.
I do,
yeah, it's been not grade, I definitely have concerns that they might be slipping behind a little bit the teachers, so over over their teachers are so just overburdened winter trying to manage everything and the instruction they do the best they can, but there's just not that same amount of time to kind of give one on one help. The kids are super distracted during it, you know, it's just, it's really challenging. I'll look forward to when, when that kind of goes away, but again, happy to support it in the interest of public health and everything, But yeah, it's definitely a little dicey there, but I've never really feel much worse for a senior in high school or somebody starting their freshman year in college or whatever the case might be.
Well
if,
now
I have tremendous admiration for how teachers have had to respond to this and what they've, what they're dealing with because it's just it's going to be an impossible task. Yeah,
it's just unbelievable.
No, I mean,
just getting the technology in the hands of families that might not have access to a laptop and a webcam or whatever. I mean there's so many hurdles and barriers I think to making this method something that works especially for certain subjects like you were mentioning, where, you know, it really requires to be in a lab or in a studio or whatever the case might be. It's just it doesn't translate. Well,
you know,
Absolutely. I would be the concern for sure. Could also be a certain families and demographics getting left behind just because they might not have access. And I think that's horrible. Absolutely horrible.
What?
Absolutely.
Absolutely
Absolutely. They just get it every which way And it's it's unbelievable.
Yeah. Well I think you're wise there. It's certainly uh certainly it's very repetitive. I can tell you that because I do watch it but it's
absolute downer. Absolute donor. That's why the world is a nice break.
It's a lot of people are right there with you feeling that anxiousness and uncertainty and boy, it'll be it'll be something. Oh all
right. Well I think we've hit our time. So it was sure nice talking with you.
And I hope that you have luck and good luck to your husband too. I hope that
things
go
well
for him and for you guys. I'm sorry to hear about that. Things are a little bit challenging.
You're
welcome.
Thank you so much. Really appreciate that. Good luck to
you,
pig.