Hello.
Good, how's it going with you?
Oh, nice to meet you. My name's Alicia.
I'm okay. I've been working
Yeah. I've been visiting my family so I was with my mom and cooking with her earlier and now I have a lot of work to do even
though it's late.
Yeah I'm self employed so it literally never ends.
Um I make these sweet potato, black bean burritos.
Yeah, they're pretty good. I
used
to like chop up the sweet potato into small cubes but I recently remembered that you can just microwave them
so it cuts down like an hour out of the recipe I
just
knew
to
another skin. Yeah. I'm probably going to make them twice as much now. What?
Um Yeah, I like certain things. Um I was married to a chef. I'm still married to him and his like the flavors that he really liked were a lot different than mine. So I haven't cooked for much of their relationship. Like he kind of thought that my flavor preferences were weird. So a lot of what we would eat were like meat, like really well done. I mean I'm not saying that he wasn't a very is still a very good chef but um like like darker flavors like Meteor and like garlic mashed potatoes, which is great. But a lot of my preferences are more like coconut milk curry or
um more either not really mexican book, maybe more asian influenced.
like lime and cilantro and
Are you more um like a savory like cooking kind of person or are you like a baker?
Um Yeah, I've done some like I was obsessed with banana bread a couple years ago, so it's making all these different versions of banana bread, which is that's a pretty easy one to make. But I would like um like a mexican chocolate banana bread with chocolate chips and like cayenne
but you need a lot of cayenne to like get the spice, it turns out. But I think my favorite was dried papaya and shredded coconut like that you just get in the bakery section. That was really good. Like I was surprised that that was my favorite because I didn't think it would be but.
Yeah, I added it right at the end when you add the bananas.
Yeah and it wasn't like I expected it to be heavy mostly what it did was hold the moisture in. So it was this really like it did not dry out this really moist, like not too cakey. The
university.
It I would I think loosen up is a really good phrase for it. It didn't like become wet papaya, which you wouldn't really anyway because it would like sog up the bread. But yeah, that was one of the nice things about it.
Um I usually live in Connecticut but I'm visiting my family in Virginia right now. I see your boston hat
you're
sorry,
sorry,
was the World series yesterday?
Congratulations. I mean I know you're probably not on the team.
do you normally do?
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Are you do you do sports in general, are you sporty? Oh
My ma
that's a good point. I heard that like adult kickball leagues were a big deal a few years ago. I
wonder
if this are still going.
Yeah, I was a particularly bad kickball player in elementary school.
got
to have so many skills. He
wants
foot skills,
I do want tether ball
and
that then.
I mean the less complicated like, like can we do tic tac toe somehow? As a, as a game. What about that? Like I can't play chess, but I could be one of those like big chess pieces that like are in Alice in wonderland.
Somebody could tell me where to go. I could probably do that.
we could probably stay socially distanced pretty
well on that.
Well, where are you?
Oh okay. Yeah, it's 11 PM here. I should, I'm a night owl but a lot of people are um it's well Connecticut has had a spike again.
Um when I go back, I can't live at the house. My husband's kind of had a like I think a mental health episode that started in february and it's just not safe for me to be there. So I've been living with friends in Connecticut for the last two months and now I'm down here visiting. But when I go back to Connecticut, I'll either need to quarantine for two weeks or have a negative covid test. And in order to move back in with my friends, these particular friends are extra careful so I would need to quarantine somewhere else for two weeks even if I had a negative test, which they're not, the tests are great. Anyway.
It's
accuracy.
But originally Fairfield County, right near new york city was the main like Connecticut outbreak and Connecticut has had a pretty tough time with it overall. Um, and now the new outbreak is more towards New London where the sub bases and like the Coast Guard and it's just things reopened too soon I think and they're not fully open. Like some of the schools have hybrid. Um, but hybrid isn't enough. Like
you're not keeping the kids away enough. My grandma lives in like, Like a condo community for over 55 people. For people who are aged over 55, not, they're probably also more than 55 people living there. Well, um that's been tough because some of the people still walk around in packs, like they're still taking walks every day and they're probably isolated from a lot of their younger family because like, I would rather live in my car than try to live in my grandma's second room at this point,
because
you don't know like what she could get it from somewhere, but I would always think it could have been me. Um Yeah, one of the strangers that I talked to, because this is my third time that I've done
this um said that she was like working in a hospital and they've had success with retrovirals. I mean
I'm not a nurse so
I can't speak to that. But at the hospital level, she said they've been different hospitals have been kind of experimenting with giving people who are on ventilators, um retroviral that stops the replication of the virus and they've gotten better. Like she said, all of the people that they tried it on in her hospital. And again, this is anecdotal because I
don't know the science, but she said they all got better.
Yeah, so I'm just trying to tell everybody that I can talk to about that because it seems like a really good news.
Yeah. How is, how is your area doing?
Welcome.
Yes. It's been weird. Like the they like t shirt sites that have like funny, like mash up graphic tees that I 10 years ago I was interested in, I get these emails from them still and I look at them sometimes, so I don't have unsubscribed, but suddenly they have masks, like suddenly
everywhere has these like branded masks and that like, I wonder if that's going to be a relic of 2020 or the next five years or it's going to be a new thing that like, is particularly american, I feel like, like let's bring in the mask, let's all have these masks that like show our individuality even
while
we're having to wear them for the collective good, Like, so I lived in china for two years teaching english and it just, it just wasn't a big deal to wear a mask. If you were sick, you just wear a mask, that's it. And here it seems like a big deal like,
Have you heard the thing? I don't even like this just sounds like satire to me, but early on with the masks, there were people arguing that um God gave us the breathing apparatus that we have and so we shouldn't cover it up because we wouldn't get enough oxygen if we were masked. I'm like, okay, well you can, you can think at all of the things about God that you want, but like I'm wearing glasses right now, I have eyes, but I need help. Let's see things. So, am I not supposed to have glasses? Like people have braces when their kids are they supposed to just have crooked teeth? I don't understand what, like my wisdom teeth were impacted, I have those taken out, should
I just met them, like
hurt me or?
yeah, it feels like, it feels now like when I see someone without a mask in public, like I'm seeing something about them that I wasn't necessarily aware of before. And it feels they feel more like a danger like not like someone carrying a gun around in an aggressive way or anything, not that type of danger, but more like a, like I feel like they don't respect me as a person enough to like try to help protect me.
huh.
Mother.
No.
No,
they
don't.
Mhm.
terrible.
Yeah.
Yeah. Like when I watch movies now I've noticed that I'll be like why are all these people gathering in this scene in this movie? Like don't they know they shouldn't, these are strangers to each other. What are they like? Surely they're not in the same pod?
you
should
be doing an elbow bump. What's wrong with you?
Oh the first one was with an I. T. Person. And we talked about we talked about his IT job and ultimately we talked about military planes quite a bit. Uh this I guess he has Air force family and I have navy family but he was the middle of the country so he didn't really have any navy experience. And I don't either. I'm not in the navy and I wasn't. Um But and then yeah then we talked about uh internet and like how his internet provider had come and turned off his internet from the pole from the telephone pole. Which was weird. But that's very that's a very Comcast the thing to do. I feel like
no just a mistake. Like the
guy
just
disconnected the wrong thing
and
it took him like a month to get it back. Which
And they didn't really apologize appropriately like
you know it's
the internet
and then the second person was the nurse Case manager who was talking about the retroviral and that was really cool. I
kept her on for like 11 more minutes talking about like just asking questions about COVID and I'm sure she hated it because she was just talking about her job. Like really does that every day. But she also had some dogs in the background so like introduced me to a puppy and you can't resist that. Yeah,
it's pretty good. Have you done any conversation?
Thanks.
Me too.
mean I my understanding is that they're looking at like lulls and conversation and stuff and what causes a conversation to flow more. But I don't know what they're doing with that information. Like I kind of assume that at some point, I'm sorry, researchers who are watching this now. I assume that at some point it becomes like a consumer survey kind of question. But I'm hoping that it's more like scientific study like, like john Gottman, the the like relationship expert who taped a bunch of couples having fights
and then decide like figured out what some of the keys to a really lasting relationship were. Like, I'm hoping that this does something like that maybe for strangers or I mean, I could honestly, I could use a few better icebreakers than the ones that I've ever done. So like the party games are the, like if you're in a new class in school and you do an icebreaker,
they're usually not that great, like
thank
you.
Yeah, I had my last one was a no show. Just know nothing at all. Um and I think they were allowed to do six times,
but I don't know whether the person who didn't show up or your person who was only there two minutes. I don't know whether that counts as one of the six.
Yeah.
It's
Yeah. I wonder how many of these ultimately talk about the study like,
like what's
that?
Thank
you.
Yeah. I guess it's maybe the equivalent of like if you were at a party hosted by someone that you might be like, oh, how do you know that person? How do you know this study?
Uh huh. So you said you have kids doing virtual learning
going?
Mhm. Yeah. That's tough. I can't imagine like one of the one of the friends that I was living with is a teacher that she has done only virtual teaching um recently, but she had to do a couple days of like just back to back workshops on how to do online teaching because it's so different and it's still making that adjustment. Like she wasn't really a classroom teacher for years and years before. But adjusting even just like can a chemistry um curriculum that you're supposed to have labs together and and anatomy and physiology, they're supposed to do dissections. So they all, each person in the class got shipped a sheep brain and like nobody was told that what it even was and then she had to lead a dissection With everybody else trying
to do it
independently in their homes. It's just like a completely different learning environment. I can't imagine a teacher who's been doing classroom work for 20 years like has a certain rhythm, they know what they're going to do and they know how to like read the room and it's completely different skill set for perpetual
version.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, I don't even know how we would equip them right now because it's
state of emergency like.
I like you have to have study internet at home to even
do it,
And a lot of those populations are the same people who
are most at risk
covid and
then most at risk of being ignored by the medical establishment. So
yeah, this is why I don't watch the news.
No.
I'm really concerned about the election night in the election results, so.
Mhm.
You, too?
I'm not
going to
be
checked.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I hope things go well for kids too.
You,
too have