right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Hello?
Can you hear me now?
I'm sorry. My internet, yeah. My internet has hiccups here and there.
It's
very nice to
me to. My name is Ezra,
nice to meet you.
I live in Atlanta.
Oh, I love Tennessee.
I love Tennessee.
I've been there many times.
That's very true. That's very true.
Yeah. I had the opposite experience when I moved because I went from Having to drive like 45 minutes to get anywhere and now everything is right outside. So.
Well, at least the drive is usually very pretty.
You can't put a price. Some peace and quiet.
Very noisy, very noisy.
About 2, 2.5 years.
Yeah. Yeah. I just I just do it because uh I can't work and had a back injury when I was 19, 5 years ago and I'm waiting for I guess to be old enough for the surgery before I can work because my legs go out and I can't I can't do anything.
Yeah. You know how it is done?
I understand.
I understand.
It's more of a last resort for me too. I did eight rounds of physical therapy and nothing, nothing happened.
No, nope. Yeah.
get I get 800 a month. And Yeah, I get 800 and it uh 700 take out immediately and pay more rent and then the rest I buy food.
Yeah. That's more like a lot of people can get and the fact that I'm wrong
and getting
it is, you know,
yeah,
blocks,
blocks.
I mean, what
you
can do though is you can keep applying and they'll reject you and redirect you. But eventually they eventually, they have to approve it. Eventually they'll get tired of seeing your name. That's what my dad used to tell me.
I don't blame you, It gets, it gets to be yeah, just gets to be tiring paperwork, all the doctors
Yeah, I understand that good. Yeah, Yeah. What
so what did you used to do for work?
Kind of like
Ooh,
who?
That sounds horrible
like that for that? Well, I felt down, I fell down a flight of stairs and landed uh right across the bottom stair and they were metal stairs. No, I
was just ruined.
I mean, I guess it hurt,
I hurt once I woke up because I was unconscious, I hit my head and I went out and when I woke up I was in a lot of pain, but well luckily when I was falling, I didn't feel much.
I was trying to think if I knew anyone in Tennessee who works, because I do a lot of uh
translating for construction companies, like the one that you know get workers who don't speak english, um I'm fluent in spanish, so I do a lot of work with them, and then
in
in that you tend to hire a lot of like just regular old americans who need a job, but I don't because winter is coming, I don't think I know anyone who's doing anything in Tennessee right now,
Yeah, exactly, I just
wanted
to be
over,
it's
what,
wow! Uh huh. Yeah, I didn't I didn't think there was anywhere that anything was closed down, that's shocking me here,
I can imagine, wow. Well,
yeah, I just can't wait for it to be over so that everyone can get back to work, I feel so bad for all of the people who need to work but can't work uh breaks my
heart.
they said it was mutating to that. It was like changing the virus itself was changing or something and okay I'll just stay at home. I'm good. I don't need no mutating viruses.
that's smart.
Right. You gotta do that online work and there is so much with it like there's so much that you can do and it's like people don't realize how much they can do online
until stuff like this happens. And then they're like oh okay.
well
well there's there's a lot of places that are gonna be hiring around that time period
because the numbers should go down and things should start opening up again. So there's a lot of places you're going to be able to apply to.
Only
it's so confusing. Tennessee was one of the most confusing places I ever visited. I don't know why. I just, I could not remember anything. I didn't know where anything was.
wow.
I
love
it. I've never had that happen to me. I have been in some I've been in some really backwards areas. I've never had that happen.
my
gosh.
Oh well that's good
for staying incognito at least like if you want to go off the bridge which is always always in the back of my mind to go off the grid at some point. Always
you
want. Oh
I bet. I couldn't imagine moving during the pandemic.
I don't blame
you
when it
yeah, yep. A lot of those will do right now because you've got everyone
upset over the mask walls and
it's just dangerous to even keep working when I hate it. I hate it.
Right. It's so different when you come down south, totally different.
Yeah, you go into like the little tiny like mom and pop shops and they really
don't care. But you go to walmart, it's like, okay damn, I'll put my mask on, relax. Uh huh. The masks are expensive too because you have to keep buying them. So I just I just don't, I leave the house very little mm
I don't, it almost feels like they really don't care about the people who can't go back to work.
No.
I know the
president
trump said that he wasn't going to sign another stimulus bill unless he's reelected until after the election and
So he's hurting his chances of being reelected and he's not realizing it.
I mean at this point if he gets reelected it's just gonna be because he said that or if he does it before the election because he did that. Mm.
absolutely,
Well another 1200 and
but
you know he's he's hardheaded, he's always been hard headed and I'm gonna do things my way. No one can start me. But I mean someone has to stop him at some point. Well
who said it's okay if you think that, but don't say that you know,
example
and his twitter feed someone needs to make a law that president can't use social media because it's ridiculous.
exactly. I mean I
voted for him in the first election because I genuinely thought that he would do something good and maybe fix the economy have more people working and he does have more people working
but at the same time it's kind of like I've noticed more people out of work, like aside from the pandemic, like you know we've got people working but it's not the people who really needed help and needed to be working.
Yeah I think he did the bare minimum just so that would inflate numbers to say, oh hey I did this. Yeah,
what we need but nothing. Yeah.
I'm not ready for the election to come because I'm not ready for another riot in my city because where I'm
at when they riot, usually we lose power and I'm not I don't want to lose my like just I'm not ready for another riot, you can't leave the house, it's worse than lockdown because china has a whole protocol for it, So you can't leave the house, they put like a six PM curfew in
in place and it's just I'm not ready for that.
Be glad. Glad. Glad. No. Yeah.
Right. I don't I don't approve with writing and looting but like
protest, you know, I can get behind that, but none of it's been peaceful.
No,
and it's just hurting like the like they're just hurting their cause even more because a lot of the businesses
that get rioted and looted, our african american owned businesses, so you're just hurting your community
even more, but everyone is angry right now, no one wants to listen.
Yeah. Yeah, they brought it up a lot of places here too and I think the cops were just doing like overtime
nonstop working everywhere.
You went
there were cops, you had cop cars, you had cops in walmart, you had like two armed guards at boat walmart entrances. I'm like okay damn.
Uh huh. Is it cold dinner yet?
Damn.
It's been chilly during the day here like sixties. Yeah
it's been really
weird for
hurt,
enjoy it while you can because it's going so cold.
yeah. Tennessee gets snow but it usually melts
and it's muggy before the morning comes so you're good.
I feel free, I feel free.
Good luck.
I heard about that.
the war. Mhm. Yeah
I've
been to P. A a couple of times.
My best friend attends college in
Jersey
so I tend to take the Amtrak through uh
philadelphia and they picked me up at that station.
Well
it's huge.
I figured it was so vivid. I've never seen no question that big and I take Amtrak everywhere. I have more. It was huge.
But
I think it got bigger. I think they expanded on it a little bit when
I was
I noticed every time I went there it was still under construction and I was like how that what the hell are they doing? All right. Mhm.
Do you have a cat?
I
thought I thought cat's tail you.
yeah I've got a
cat too
and
I've got both got cat and a dog.
Oh it's so
cute.
Whoa you're pretty lying.
Oh no at least it's cool though.
Well once once he's about to he'll he'll start to normalize.
sure. Yeah. You prefer cats two dogs?
Do you prefer cats? two dogs.
Well.
I agree. I kind of looked out I kind of left out because my dog also has back
problems
and don't have
to like taking
on long blocks. I can just open the front door and it goes and pees and then comes back. Very look she's a tiny little chihuahua, She's small. Small. Yeah.
Oh
Right. Cats just take care of themselves and like they just adapt to the litter box so easily. It's amazing. Hats are really really smart.
Look at it. Yeah. They're really, really smart, adaptive.
Really good for bugs
and roaches and stuff will kill them.
there's mine. I don't know if you can see her. She's kind of right. What?
she's only a year old, barely a year old. We found her in a parking lot.
Well uh someone found her in a parking lot and
brought
her to me. Mhm. And she was about I think when when she was found she was only about seven weeks old. Yeah she was tiny tiny.
well it took us a while to get her to gain weight. She was eating but she wasn't gaining weight so we're like great. She is worms but she was fine. She just needed like higher calorie food or something like that.
I think we're good. It was really nice to talk to you though.
Okay. You enjoyed
last year night?