Hello? How are you? Okay? Mhm. Yeah, wake up you with me. You there?
Yeah. Okay. Now you're froze up before.
I know mine did that before way. So
where are you from?
I'm
eric wait,
where are you from? Way
not far from here. I just moved to Tennessee way.
What's that
way?
I'm not used to it. I'm from Philly where everything is right next to you when you walk out your door. I'm not used to this happen to drive a half hour to get anywhere. Mhm. Mhm.
Yes, yeah, I'm not used to that.
that's how it is here. I mean there's no like fast food places, no, nothing around here. Say we tried to get anywhere Okay.
yeah, Nice and quiet around here from where I used to live there, That's the only good thing. Mhm.
Yeah, the city is noisy.
Thank you. Oh, so how long have you been? How long have you been doing this on this site?
Mm hmm. It's all done.
Yeah, I got that problems too.
Yeah, I'm not having surgery. I'm not letting somebody cut my back open and whatever they gotta do. I'm not doing that.
I'll
deal with it.
Yeah. Yeah. I went through all that medicine therapy. All that correct? I didn't do nothing.
Oh, so what do you do you collect at least like I'm like disability or something, Right. Yeah.
Mm. That's cool. Please. You're getting something.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was self employed so I can't get anything. Yeah.
Yeah. It's all on me
figuring out
what
you
do.
Yeah. I mean, I tried like three times and kept at nine after I just said screw Yeah.
Yeah. You go to other doctors had to go to well Center city which is a nightmare. You see all the doctors that need not anyway. So I figure what's the point in March 19 with?
wait
work for Verizon Comcast direct tv actually
went up. Yeah. Once it started with my back and neck and everything. Once I thought the latter working for pound gas and I thought the roof working for direct T. V. So
that didn't
help the situation with my back and my neck. Yeah.
You know uh Yeah it wasn't fun.
I
can imagine that. Her. Yeah.
What?
Mm hmm. Yeah. I just I just got down here like two weeks ago I got to figure out something to do for money. I got a good job or something down here. Yes.
Okay.
You
can.
Yeah. It just kind of sucks with this thing going around too because not a british shut everything down again.
Like
you
know
everything in pennsylvania but shut down, I come down here and everything is just like normal, like
an open api a school's everything's closed and everything is
just normal down here.
P. A everything shut down, bars, restaurants, restaurants don't have 25% of people in their schools down, everybody's home school until at least christmas time in pennsylvania. So yeah. P. S. They had yeah.
they take up everything closed up there.
I mean
you're saying it's getting work through playing what you're saying is going way back up again now that everybody's going back to school in all the States, those practice worse before it gets better.
Yeah, that's what we're trying to do right now. Just
sucks. So you gotta do something, you need money to pay your bills so you can't can't sit here forever to do something.
caution
I mean this year I've been on this year, it's been alright since been in a year. I mean at least have been giving the unemployment since the beginning the year so that ends in two months. I I gotta figure something out.
Well
difficult.
Yeah I'm just I'm still trying to figure out where everything is down here. Mhm. It's like I got to take my phone and my navigation with me to go anywhere because I don't know anything down here like I
know.
The students. Yeah. I don't know where anything is. I know where nothing is. It took me a week to find the damn house because the house, the address is like on the main highway, but house isn't on the main highways off a little side street that's not even on the damn map. Mhm.
Mhm. So it's kind
of screwed
up.
Yeah. Like my address is technically Highway 33, but there is no Highway 33. When you put it in the map, like even like try to get stuff labor, they're like, we don't have that address. The
streets.
You know my streets has a different street name, but that's not a legal address. So like nobody has found my house yet. Including me.
What?
You don't get
it.
I mean this is just a nightmare nightmare for me moving down here.
Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to get the hell out of pennsylvania. I
mean,
there was nothing to do with, like I said, I mean everything was closed. There's nothing to do. Can't convince you can't do anything like nothing's open
besides like Walmarts and talk grocery stores. 14
people.
What's the reason? Yeah.
Yeah. I mean they don't even wear masks down here. I'm walking this door to mask everybody's looking at me like I'm an alien or something. Uh huh. Look, you keep out of the store in P. A. You don't wear a damn mess. You guys obviously care down here.
Yeah. Like I mean they had people waiting outside the stores in P. A. If you don't, they're telling you to put one on and you didn't put them on, they won't even let you in the damn store snap. But they don't do that down here. They just don't seem to care walmart. You're really the only one in grocery stores that really want to make you wear it down here. Everybody else is just like skirt. Mhm.
hmm.
It's ridiculous. Like they don't want to sign this bill to get people to extra unemployment money back, but they want you to do this and do that and nobody's working, people can't afford it so I don't know.
Yeah, they don't
Mhm. All they care about is their stupid upcoming election. That's all they care about. Yeah.
Well, like
I said.
Yeah. I mean that's the thing though, if you don't sign that bill before you would like to, nobody's going to vote for it, like no, go for it. Mhm.
Well, I know now is over news saying I'll go higher than the democrats wanted with the bill. Yeah, of course you do. Because you're losing the election. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah. They don't they don't pass that bill before the election. He's pretty much done. Mhm.
If you don't get I mean if you don't sign a bill and then biden gets elected, democrats control the senate they can do what they want to pass the damn bill. Yeah. So
you don't pass that bill. He's pretty much no shot of getting re elected. I think he realizes that now. Okay. Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm doing stupid stuff. He says oh I don't get reelected. I'm gonna find a way to stay in the White house who says shit like that.
Yeah. Don't say it on national tv for the whole world to hear you you sound like
an idiot
especially. Mhm. Yeah. I mean I never liked him. He's not broke. Like he claims he is, you can have 10 casinos claimed bankruptcy. He's probably got money in every country, in the friggin world stashed on different people's names. Dude. Ain't broke
reason.
But
Okay. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I don't really think he did anything so.
I don't know.
guess we'll see him a couple of weeks. What happens? Yeah. Mhm.
What?
If
Yeah. They were doing in Philly rightly. They shut all the access to get off and killing off the highway so nobody could get off. They bringing tops on every corner to bust in windows. The only shit out of every story they say. But I'm just glad that so Pruitt I don't want to deal with that crap no more. Okay.
it's like the protests and improved. So I'm okay. I understand that what's approved and breaking into stores that ain't proving nothing that's not supporting it. Cause I was doing a show when you're an idiot is gonna wind up in jail.
Just like that.
No,
not at all.
documentation.
it was.
Mhm. This thing. Mm hmm. Mm. Yeah. I mean they had to have to start boarding up around me because they didn't want their windows busted.
Thank
you
President.
Yeah, that's that's how it got around media started having the armed security guards. Mhm.
Okay. It's warm during the day. It's cold tonight goes down like me private mid thirties at night, But it's still in like the mid 80s during the day.
So it's not bad
If
it's
still
pretty well around here. Sure.
All right now. I'm just hoping it doesn't snow a lot around here
there
because I kind of lived on the street. That's gotta help but freaking incline that I know nobody's gonna clean. Uh huh.
Sure. I never spent a winter down here. It's been a few summers, but never a winner. So I don't know what the winter talk. Mhm,
mm hmm. We didn't get any snow and pay for the last four years. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, we've we've got nothing up there. Well,
we'll find
out.
deals.
you
have.
you
Yeah, 30th Street
Station. Yeah, yeah, that's the main station in the center city.
yeah, yeah, that's that's the main station, pretty much in like southeastern pennsylvania where everybody gets on and off. Mhm.
Uh huh, mm hmm.
You haven't been in that station in a few years, but fighting me stop.
Anything
can deal with obstruction on that station for years now. Trying to make it bigger. Put more stuff in. Yeah.
Yeah. Mm hmm, mm hmm. Section My parents are trying to Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. He keeps fighting me.
He's
a I got an older one and a little kitten and little Kitten keeps, he's only like three months old. He just won't stop attacking. He wants to play 24 hours a day. He's sitting here biting my leg right now. Thank
you.
He
bought the crop. Okay.
Mm hmm. Actually outside, right before I left, I felt bad for him. So I took them with
he's
just a baby. Yeah. Yeah.
He's He don't sleep eat this races around, attacks everything, attacks me, attacks everything 24 hours a day. The Egypt can't stop. like his teeth are starting to come into, It keeps biting me classically inviting everything, wow.
Yeah. But yeah he's he's still at the age where he's insane, nice and calm. He just sits there and watches and running around like looking at him just watching them. It's
Yeah he's probably only about four months old now so.
Thank you. What's it?
Yeah. I mean I like dogs I just I don't like to market and I don't like the fact you have to walk like if you don't feel good or something and you can't
like absolutely walk. I'm like you know I can't take that.
Thank
you. Yes.
You
keep.
yeah,
I mean I had dogs all when I was younger when I was a kid growing up like german shepherds and stuff like that. It was fine when I was a kid because it didn't matter. I was full of energy anyways. Now, I don't feel good. It would work. Just can't we'll worry about that, about having to walk and going to the bathroom in the house if I'm not here.
You know the little one I bought him from outside? I didn't even he went right in the other box the first time, I don't even have to show right into myself. I'm like, really? Yes. Yeah. Mhm.
You want to help.
Thank you.
It's because Mhm.
Yeah, I can see it. He looks little too. Yeah.
behave.
The
first.
Yeah. That's the way my cat was. He gained a lot of weight since I've been reading. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, it's been like 25 minutes, so, Yeah.
Next talking to you
the difference.
All right. Thank you, too.