Right, okay, dr no. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Friend? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Sure. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, come on job, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. How come? Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That's right. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Problem, Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Wanted to together? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, I don't have Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. The pressure? Yeah. How's it going?
Doing good uh super hot, but I'm doing good yourself?
it's just it's ridiculously hot where I'm at,
I'm in California. The Bay Area, Yeah,
about uh barrier, about 20 minutes. 15 minutes south of Oakland, in a city called Hayward. Um How about how about yourself?
How
is it out there?
It's cold, right,
we didn't
we
have
the weirdest weather, I heard it was really cold up there. Have a friend um in uh Montana right now. And he's just, yeah, he's just like, it's not hot here and I'm like, it's hot over here. What is going on now?
And
no, it's really different before. It these are odd years since 2016. It's been hot in october. So we're getting like an extended, they call it the indian summer, which usually extends from um, I think it's july until about september, usually mid september, but this is extending and it's, we're ready midway through october, which is odd. And so that extends fire season, so to say, you know what I mean? And um yeah, the fire, a lot of our fire crews. And my friend, one of my friends, he actually volunteers as a firefighter. He's just saying like it's, it's insane like he can't volunteer anymore because they're just, you know, he has to of course do his regular job and help his family and you know, with the covid outbreak, you know, like we're holding steady here. I heard you guys in North Dakota, South Dakota, you're having it. Um Are you, are you okay? You're like your, your immediate good
to hear.
I heard.
Oh my gosh, that that's what it was like early on in the pandemic here, but it's which um the bear is doing a really good job at that one. My brother is, he's in sacramento. It's, it's insane, but he's a very anti mask anti, he's very for trump and I mean, I don't mind. It is what it is, you know what I mean? But what trump is doing like it's just my own personal opinion, but I feel like he's not setting the right example for the whole United States to follow, you know what I mean? Um
Yeah, I'm not, I wasn't against trump when when people voted for him in 2016, I wasn't totally against him, but I didn't like a lot of his policies and I actually liked a lot of what he did when he was in office fiscally, but I just am not on board with what he's doing with the pandemic. And I I've already had a couple of friends get infected. Um uh Two of my friends, grandmother, my friend's grandmother passed away and I had I had my friend's uncle passed away and he never had kids. He was just an 80 year old by himself and his cousin side take him and went to New york city died in the beginning of the pandemic. Um And then I had a friend's uncle who got really sick luckily you survived but now he's having complications. He always has to have a
yes I have an oxygen tank with them. So I mean I mean I'm just I'm hoping you and your immediate close family or taking it seriously so like it's it's not I've seen people go through it and I face time with my cousin who had it, I had two cousins already had it. So I mean it's yeah it's no joke, you know what I mean? And my friends, every single one of them who are in the nursing who are nursing and who are doctors um say that it's like consistently they're getting new cases gladly and thankfully California's cases have flatlined so our our hospitals are able to handle it but I I know it's not the same with you guys there and my friend in Wisconsin is is freaking out in Milwaukee. Yeah,
she's originally from there, moved to California. I I got to know her and her husband, her husband's from France actually. And so they moved up. Yeah, they moved out to uh lover Lovers where she's from Milwaukee, I mean in Wisconsin and so um yeah, she's saying it's nuts there because that's the hardest hit right now. That's kind of the center of the pandemic. Uh and you guys in in North Dakota and um Missouri as well, right sort
of
heard. So I imagine you're just surrounded by a bunch of people who are just like not given a care and you're just like what is going on here like
or
they're going to bridge me and it's like you want to go out at least wear a mask. You know, you protect the thing. I mean, I don't know if people get it, but wearing a mask is caring for other people. You know, like because you don't want to infect people because the thing is, a lot of us are walking around with the virus and we don't show it, which means we could potentially kill someone by just talking to them. Um I don't want to do that. You know what I mean? Uh
I
know.
That's what I'm saying. And I'm religious, I'm first to say I'm religious and spiritual. I don't practice as much as I used to um catholic, but I mean I'm first to say, yeah, and I'm first to say like, like like how are you practicing exactly what you said? And even in the bible it says if you're sick where where I'm, it literally says cover your mouth. I forgot what there was a passage and then it literally says cover your mouth and so that you don't make anyone else sick. But that's what I don't get how the religious, I don't know how they equated it. And from what I'm hearing, a lot of people are saying that instead of hacking the election, apparently Russia, I mean this is all the conspiracy stuff that people talking about, what they're doing is they're hacking social media and actually putting a lot of bull crap out there so that the religious right will buy into it and it will make our chances of doing anything to move this country forward even harder. You know what I mean? And it is what it is man when it comes to politics. I just like I graduated as a political science major actually, I just stay out of it nowadays.
It's too much, you know what I mean?
Like
I wasn't for biden either, you know what I'm saying? Um I wasn't for Bernie Sanders as much but he was probably the best candidate in my opinion. I was more for I don't know, I was more for Ron paul who was a Republican at the time. You know, it's I don't know. It is what it is man. It's like you're not free to think anymore, you just follow what your friends say and stuff like that and know everyone ignores the science and I just feel bad but I don't know is there anything you want to get off your chest? It's
nothing.
I
know.
Oh yeah, this is actually my second round. I did four in the beginning. Um
Yeah. Yeah, so they did one in july when I first was like okay how am I gonna make money? Because um I actually didn't qualify for unemployment. Which is nuts because I qualified, I met all the qualifications, but apparently what happened was I filed my taxes too late, they didn't get it. I read and then I I re sent a an appeal and they said we have to look through it and they've been just dicking me around, you know, excuse my language. But they've just been
and no it's fine, it's I'm surviving, you know what I mean? I saved up enough money and my wife, she she's pulling out of her for one her ira, which sucks but I mean we have to do that. Um
So I was a photographer and so it hit
me hard. Yeah and it the hard part about being a photographer was actually filing every single uh So every single job I had, a lot of them were under the table which I just really slipped my mind to file. You know I mean I was filing a lot of my stuff prior and I was doing I was doing a lot of fashion work and things like that so uh you know all the portraits shoes that I was doing for families and friends, I kept that under the table which was my
mistake, you know what I mean? So they looked at that and I was claiming that and I was saying hello this is part of my income and so that's why they kind of had an issue with my absolute income with what was counted and what was under the table. So yeah in a way it's my fault as well but the income that was filed actually was over the amount that was supposed to be so I could qualify for unemployment you know even the $200 a week that they were giving out here in California, that's nothing, you know what I mean? And so um you know, I figured you know why not do this? So I was doing this prolific and I was doing emptor and I also was doing click worker and whatnot, but uh yeah, I'm actually doing, I'm actually surviving off of doing that and then I I found a gig where I do call center stuff for hotel planner, but it's under this other thing called like cell technology, so I've been just doing that and then I've been taking gigs here and there, but when I go out, I literally have a face man that's gonna face shield because my wife and I were housing my parents right now, so I don't want to get them sick and my wife, she also has immuno compromised stuff and I due to have asthma, you know, and
yeah, you can't take any risk. And thankfully all my clients have been super um super respectful of my, my protocol for shooting and things like that. But how about yourself? Like what were you
doing prior? And what what made you do this if you don't mind me asking? Look?
for
that's good.
wow.
What?
It's
funny.
Yeah, no, I actually applied for a telecom company in North Dakota or South Dakota, one of those when uh
during the pandemic benefits, so it might be, I'm not sure if it's the same company. What is it?
No, maybe. I don't know. I just applied for like literally I'm not lying to you. I applied for like 300 jobs.
Yeah. But um no, that's that's good that they're letting you work at home, so it's indefinitely at home.
Dude, and
that's cool too. And you can apply to other things too. I imagine because if you do social media managing, you can apply to everything. Every company, every company needs
that nowadays.
Do
that
goal. No, and actually me being a photographer, I may need that. So I mean it didn't need to connect with you on that. And
my wife, she's been looking for other alternative things to do and she used to like going on instagram. She doesn't as much, but she considered actually doing what you're doing. So that might be, you know, something where you can even probably do training, you know, for, for people who might want to do that. That's really cool. So I'm assuming you're doing like prolific and stuff like that just for like extra income on the side when you have time just for fun. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. For sure. And that's exactly what I was thinking to the exact same thing where you know anything counts. Um Have you been only doing prolific or have you been checking other uh other things? Other was it a survey? Making money opportunities?
Do
have you tried user testing? I heard that's really good. I actually apparently they didn't call me back when I tried but um I've seen I don't know if you follow any, there's this one account called Beer Money on Reddit. So
yeah. So what they do is they, so it's a lot of people like in mind in your case where we had a we had a like a job that was paying okay and then you know paying well in some cases or even just paying slightly, but they're looking to kind of supplement that income because they have a lot more hours at home. And so um a lot of people that go on beer money and they post up what they made or whatever every month. And um a lot of people are saying user testing is a really good one. So user testing, it's exactly how it felt user testing. Um you go there and you basically look through websites and you tell people since your social media manager manager imagine um you'd probably get in there a lot more faster than I would in the sense that you know you you you look at websites or you look at people's accounts and things like that, you basically tell them what they need to do. So anyways what you do is you just go on the website and then you you navigate the website and they tell you to look for certain things and you just basically talk out a lot of like like oh I'm gonna go click here. Oh wow. I like the way it's laid out. Oh I like how your menus kind of laid out here. I left the colors you know your user experience. So user testing. Um one guy, he made 3000 extra dollars in a month. Just don't use that test.
Yeah it's insane. So I considered it and I applied and apparently didn't call me back but they said you could you could apply as many times as you need to. So there's
user
testing.
Yeah. Check out the um are you ready? Like are you do you go on reddit?
Yeah check it out. It's called Beer Money. And so um they offer all these different sites where you can go on and you can make income just on the side doing things like I'm pretty sure you've heard of her. Yeah.
So
check
it out.
No, no no feel free. Feel free. I I totally get it because I I got into conversations with the one the first guy I talked to a chef, right? He actually was on his phone too. We were both looking at different things in different ways to make money and stuff like that. But he was from for I remember correctly he was from Chicago. Yeah. So it was funny because we were both talking about um like like different things, different sites. So I think he was talking about Lion Bridge and napping and apparently acting doesn't work here. It's basically the same thing as enter. So yeah, so mturk I was doing entered and click worker and I told him about click worker and he considered it, so I'm not sure what happened. But we're both on our phone to as well. We're both checking things and you know, I mean we have to talk, right? So it's like, hey, let's just share information like weather
out. But
besides that, Oh yeah, go for it,
prolific. Mturk and click worker. So,
so
I don't,
yeah, so I'm not sure how familiar you are with the little micro test that they do. But Michael task is basically in a sense. Have you ever done anything on enter yet?
it
yeah, like that. I think that's um so so they give you these things called micro tests. So you know, you with prolific. I'm assuming you've taken a bunch of surveys where you give your feelings about covid 19 how the government's handling it or things of that nature enter gives you the opportunity to do micro test. So what you can do is you could do um. Oh my gosh I forgot the name. Uh No you know the name of this But okay so you you see a video and you basically type down what they're saying. Oh my god, transcription.
Yeah transcribing. Yeah you're transcribing. So you'll you'll do tests like that and then they'll pay you like 25 cents per video. You know? And so it depends on what you you want to do however long you want to do. It literally takes like maybe like two minutes for one minute for each video and I'll pay you 25 cents. Um And then you might find something like this. Like I found something where I was doing uh cards where they would give us a card, we have to talk about this topic. And I do a live chat with somebody literally on Mturk and you get paid $15. I was like wow. So yeah it's a trip. So they have all kinds of stuff and then they had one where you have to judge a universities, it's weird man universities ad and then you have to live chat with somebody via text and so you have to talk to them about what you liked about the ad for like five minutes and you get paid like $5 for that. So Mturk has all these weird things and then click worker click workers more like micro tasking, like like more of what I said with the first one where you transcribe something. So I'm doing this this task right now where um people talking to their smartphones, they talking to Siri or or what is it? The Cortana or not? Cortana? The android, I'm not sure what the name
is.
Cortana. So anyways there talking to those and then you have to judge the whatever. Siri or Cortana came up with, so you have to judge the, oh my gosh,
I'm so
brain
dead right
now. Yeah, yeah. The accuracy of what it said, you have the judges, the user experience. And so I get paid nine cents for everyone. But literally it takes me like 10 seconds to judge it. I just watch the video and then the videos, maybe like five seconds. And then if you make your judgment calls on three different layers and then you send that through. So, you know, it's totally up to you to make these micro tests, uh, micro task, um, judgment calls and, you know, trying to add up. Okay, so I could do this much in 30 seconds, you know, 0.9 or was it nine cents every 30 seconds and you figure out what you what you can do in an hour and you can do it for however long you need to. But yeah, so there's all kinds of different ways to uh to do stuff like this. It's it's interesting, it's kind of comforting honestly. Like I'm pretty sure you feel the same way knowing that if something happened to my main source of income, I have something where I can earn money just staying at home and being as safe as possible, you know what I mean? Yeah.
no, for sure. For sure. So there's there's like a million ways to do it. Um And then there's also a lot of um what's it called? There's a lot of uh apps that allow you to do that too, so you know what I mean, If you're looking for for really good apps, there's there's this one called Swag Bucks. Um I heard another one called The Scout is really good. It's a user testing site. But um, they'll pay you like $25 or $5 for a quick thing. I got paid $75 for a uh for a study that spend two weeks. So it was kind of cool. You just give your thoughts on on, hey this I have a tablet. Oh I use my tablet for you know doing work or I used it for email and then you tell them about your experience doing that. And um, they pay you $75 at the end of it via Paypal. So um yeah, so there's some pretty good, I mean this way like you said be scrappy, you know what I mean? But beer money will tell you all of that. Like your money is literally the only site you need for are the only Reddit uh what's called Reddit form?
You need,
Yeah. Where people are just giving out their advice and everything and I got a lot from that literally. Um Probably so I've been doing this since like june yeah, at the end of june july august september october so I've been doing this. I probably earned like almost 12 or $1300 extra assistant. Yes. Yeah. And not not literally working maybe like two hours a day at most, one day I did four hours and turned almost like $50 on click workers. So um yeah, so you should check, click record, check all that stuff, It's, it's pretty chill. But um
yeah, no, but besides that, besides all that stuff, like all the money earning stuff, which is cool. Um So what, like, are you from North Dakota? Have you, were you born there or Brooklyn?
What?
That's
I got you? Uh
Oregon
Seattle. No, it's cool because you have the you have the Minnesota accent, the north Dakota. I love that. The hockey
accident, that's what
we call
it.
guys.
One
bullshit
actually.
I love it. Oh
that's awesome.
Yeah, for sure. Oh yeah right here.
no,
I mean
you're like, I'm disappointed in you, Come on, you know the emoji with the sad face? Like come on dude,
nobody
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No, but I met, I'm not gonna lie to you, I met rednecks who are really cool, you know what I'm saying?
And they care like literally like one of my friends, my friend, he's a redneck and he's totally a trump supporter and all that stuff, but he's not like an asshole, He's not a staunch militant trump supporter. And he literally was like, he was like, no, he's like, I get it. He's like, my wife needs me to wear a mask around, I wear a mask. He's like, but I don't care for wearing a mask, He's all, but if people need me to wear a mask or a massive doesn't take away from my freedoms. Yeah, he, he's all and even he even, he stated, I don't get all the my freedom is taken away because I'm wearing a mask came from, he's like, he doesn't understand that like
there's a pandemic were a mess,
you
know?
I totally
get that.
yeah, for sure. For
You get it, yeah, you get what they're going through and then you also at the same time it's like, hey, wait a minute, I'm from a different area or cut from a different cloth in the sense. Um,
culturally.
Um, so I was gonna ask you, are you so North Dakota, right? Did a mistake mistake,
But you're
in
South Dakota,
your urine Pierre or like near Pierre
Two Falls. I got you, wow. I heard this. It's crazy out there dude. In terms of infections. Yeah. Fuck man. Oh man. Be
safe
into
falls.
And
for 20%
that is super high.
gosh.
Oh my gosh. Like quick question. Have you ever, because I've even, like, even me and my wife we're talking about, so let's leave the United States, You know what I'm saying? Like, this is insane. The way we're handling the car and I'm in California where it's handled. Well, we're still considering it, you know what I mean? Because it's insane. But have you considered leaving like north Dakota or south Dakota? Um, have you talked
to anyone
about that?
Yeah. It's
not that,
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. But then Canada's except accepting anybody and uh, you
know.
And if you would, I believe you would be allowed if like your parents were Canadian citizens or something like that or I forgot what the stipulation was, I forget. But are,
are your pants in Canada?
Okay. They're gonna use, you mentioned Minnesota. I'm trying to get my like facts right? I'm so
sorry.
I got you pacific Northwest. Yes,
I got you. Um, have you considered going, going out this way like west tattoo that you um, yeah, no, I heard Oregon spiking up and, and Washington is the same kind of like us or where it's kind of holding steady, but like doing that kind of up and down thing.
Yeah, that dance. Exactly, exactly. So, um, I know my county just opened up a little more so I'm in Alameda County. Uh, it's right next, it's right next to a san Francisco county and santa clara. Yeah, so um, we're right next to the first county that got hit, Solano County, That was the first county that reported the first case of community spread in the United States. So I was thinking in my head like I knew that this was happening already, already knew this happening and it was just a matter of time, but I was like, it had to be here in the bay area and I was thinking shit, we're about to get these cases to go up and that's that really worried the shit out of me. But we've, we've handled it relatively well. It's just, it's everywhere now, you know what I mean? And it's do you know anyone personally I mean like out of your friends in your in the area?
my goodness.
No and I'm worried that they recovered their like oh it's nothing it's just the flu and then they're going out.
and who
knows?
Yeah it's not and who knows if the strap was a complication of covid prior
you know what I
mean?
She had it a week later that might have been that her body body got tax fighting and she doesn't even know it because
what
they're
saying and what they're saying is a lot of people are asymptomatic because people are wearing masks right? Or people are actually trying to social distance or even doing the six ft thing. People aren't getting inoculated with as much virus they you know back even in the in the days of early HIV when when that was spreading around, they were talking about inoculation amount. So people who got low doses of dosages of HIV actually fought the virus off their immune systems didn't allow it to thrive in their system, so they never got it. Whereas people who had a lot more HIV in their system or the means to infect somebody else via their semen or other bodily fluids down there or whatever it was, you know, cutting the lip or or in their blood count. They when they uh would engage with somebody, they would infect them a lot more. It's the same thing. Um And so what they're what they're saying is like a small amount of virus can infect someone, but that's very rare. So wearing the masses actually inoculating a lot of people, but the way they get is just like a regular cold these days, as opposed to when they were getting it in china where they're like suffering and dying and fading on the ground and you know, because we know what's going on now. So like, it's crazy that the narrative is still kind of like, people don't understand the science behind this stuff, like, I'm I'm surprised people aren't reading up on it and this is a threat. This is a threat to everyone, literally, You know what I mean?
it's insane. It's insanity to me. And so to me it's like, and I tried to come to terms with this and I talked to my wife about this all the time, it's just you could only you could only control your situation, you know? So I'm imagining since you're in South Dakota, like, and you're in Sioux Falls, you wear a mask and everybody's looking at you like, you're fucking like, you're crazy and that must be taxing on you, like, crazy, like
like,
I
mean, my brother being militantly like, like for not wearing math was already taxing on me, me having a text conversation with him. Like, bro, Like, you can't be, you can't be bringing that around mom and dad, like, you know, and he knows too. He's like, yeah, I'm not gonna I know he's like, I know it affects old people. At least he's done to due diligence or at least read up on that. But his facts, they're all pulled from alternative sources that are like, like bro, you don't understand this is, you know what I mean? Like the sources I'm pulling from our, from the experts in the world and they're checking each other, they're making sure this is a peer reviewed, you know, like, and he's telling me no but look this person said it and this person was on the board of blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And I'm looking at that person, they were like not distinguished at all and they were like the least. You know I don't get these people don't get their arguments like you said well for ignorance. Um On on another sense
like I really hate talking about that shit man. It's not but okay
so during the pandemic um um what have you done for like self care and stuff like that? Like anything
I
yeah I've been doing the same thing um actually doing photo shoots like I mentioned with the patient and all that stuff. But um me and my wife were just going luckily we have a backyard. A lot of my friends
who live in san Francisco do not have a backyard. So they go out walk around.
Yeah because you know that city is so compact and so they don't have so anyways um we we walk around our neighborhood and things like that and so we've been doing that but also I've been just doing things like this face timing with people, you know there's a fight today, I don't know if you're into boxing but there's a free fight literally like
yeah so uh it's a good fight apparently um apparently it's going on right now while we're talking but um it's one of the biggest fight so I've been keeping in touch with all my friends to be a be a facebook and then they start talking shit, talking shit you know usual and things like that. But you know watching hockey too because I'm a big sharks fan, that's me like my favorite
sport period and things like that. But um just keeping up with sports too, you know? And then my wife and I, well we cook, we cook together. We tried, we tried to cook off like I suck that cooking prior to the pandemic now. We just were really, we love our own cooking. It's insane. It's kind
Yeah.
So, you know, and we've lost a lot of weight during the pandemic too because we were eating we're not eating out as much. So, you know, you tend to check exactly that, that whole situation and things like that. But yeah, I mean,
how
about you or if you don't mind me asking? Yeah. Or what
were you saying?
Oh no. Um how about you? Like besides going out to nature any anything you've been doing to kind of keep your spirits up
at?
No.
it Right.
And I heard it, you know when you write all my friends who are writers and and my wife also journals all the time she was considering writing. But all my friends who are writers, they always that's where you get, that's that's kind of your core, that's who
you are at that moment, you know, I mean?
And I know that you and I right. Um I just wish like I've always wanted to write a screenplay. It's the hardest thing to do, man. Like I don't know if you're into that or you just kind of like writing for your own personal stuff or
it's so hard. I need to write fiction first before I could even get into that realm, you know what I mean? It's really hard because you have to consider so much, but I feel like writing might be really fun where you're just writing and you're just writing a whole world into existence, you know? Um I imagine, and I imagine like you said that's what saved you in that sense. And yeah, man, like, do you put it out there, do you by chance? Put it out on a blogger, anything.
Are
you?
I do it
anonymously.
I
would
argue.
Um read it in my opinion. You read it is such a supportive community, like they'll give you creative criticism and they will also say, hey, like, like this is really good and they won't bullshit you, they won't be blowing smoke up your ass, which is like an amazing fucking, like it's an amazing community. So but at the same time I get it though, it's like someone just kills it, you're like, oh my God, I worked so hard on this and you're just killing it. But I guess the thing is is at least, you know, it came from you and you can always put it out there and you can always put more out there and if you
like
what? You're right, that's all that matters. You know what I mean? The thing is if you like what? You're right, there might be a million other people that like that to, you know, in my opinion. So
um yeah, I mean
is
there anything else you wanna chat about?
it's
a great, you know what, I didn't even get your name, which I'm tim pleasure to meet you
for sure, Amanda. It was a pleasure.
same for you too as well. And I hope you I hope you're flourishing during this time, like, you know,
find
a way to flourish and thrive because
it's
totally a mind changing. It's changing everything, man. But
man, I hope hope hope to see you. Hopefully run into each other on some random stuff in uh in 2020 2021 or whatever. And
yeah, feel free to hurt me if you ever see
me, I'm young. Why? UnG turk 82 on Reddit?
Yeah. I just feel free to alert me if you you know what, they feel free to send me a message if you see me or whatever. All good, you know? But yes,
hopefully I can read one of your writing is one of these days and be like, oh I got you. You talked before. All right, Amanda
take care.