Hi, how are you?
Yes, you're super hot and
where are you?
where?
I'm in South Dakota
so
it's not hot,
it snowed a little bit today,
but it's gonna melt so it's fine, but
I'm
just like,
Yeah, it seems weird that it's hot there,
I mean, I guess, I don't know that much about the bay, but
you. Thanks
for asking. Yeah, but it's insane, like no one makes me want to cry, no one will take it seriously and our governor is
like doing nothing and getting famous for doing nothing and like, and the hospitals are starting to like overflow and yet I went grocery shopping today and half the people weren't wearing masks.
I completely agree. Yeah.
My gosh,
Yeah.
In
the
They think it's just like the flu
and that it's not real and like wearing a mask is like an infringement on their personal liberties and
I think that's the most frustrating thing too, is because people here are like in this area are so religious or
at
least they say they are and yet it's like how are you loving your neighbor if you won't even put a freaking mask on and save someone's life?
perhaps it,
yeah, that's
crazy.
no,
it's just, I mean wild times that we live
in,
have you, have you done many of these chats studies
you did, we're in the beginning?
that sucks, I'm sorry what?
yep, you have to live what, what did you do before? The pandemic?
Well,
get
Yeah, you just got to be careful. Yeah.
good.
like thank goodness like praise whomever, like I haven't been for a load or anything still working in the same level.
The only thing is they sent us all home in March which actually awesome like keep us safe. Yeah,
so I'm in South Dakota but my company, the leadership is actually in Minnesota, which is a much
more like Blue state and so yeah, right away in March, they were like everyone's going home, so I work for a telecom and worth network. Yeah, so like a
I guess
you
would probably have Comcast or charter
medco
medco.
well that's so funny.
yeah, so still still at home and now they're saying like until 2021 at least, which is, yeah, so I'm a social media manager which I can totally do my job from home anyway like,
so
freelance,
you're like, and I haven't, but like I've used it to help other people out who are like struggling right now, I'm like, hey, let me take a look at your accounts and give you some suggestions or like do some strategy with you. So
yeah, that's
been
brewster.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, just like I started at the beginning of the pandemic and I was just like, everything was so uncertain and I was like, if I can just, you know, like build up the reserves a little bit more, that would make me a lot better.
I have only been doing prolific, but then someone or like I read an article that was about these um like focus groups and you could earn, like usually it's gift cards to like amazon or amazon grocery, but it's like 100 or 200 a pop, like it's way more significant. But I've been applying to be parts of these focus groups and haven't gotten chosen for any of them so I don't know if that's a very viable
option for me.
No, I should look that up.
Travel.
I'll
have
fucked that out off to remember that.
I do. Yeah.
have.
I am. I'm just bringing out my phone to like look that up so keep
talking.
I'm not ignoring you.
Absolutely.
And when
I was just going to say when you name the three sites you were doing, what was the second one? You said prolific and then
click
workers
one.
I haven't, I've just heard like friends, talk about it or you just like
like google things are like right and
Oh you're transcribing?
I
think it was Cortana, isn't it?
Like
the app,
you're
senior,
Just be scrappy and Yeah.
separate
it, Yeah.
I definitely will.
I'm from North
Dakota originally, but
my family isn't from there, so like my family is from the pacific Northwest.
so
they've all yeah.
I know,
thank
you.
Yes, but oh my gosh, so the telecom I work for has a sports network and we do we broadcast a lot of hockey and
our colour commentators
are like former hockey players from like Duluth.
Oh my God, their accents
are amazing, like they're worse than mine, they're way worse than mine,
this is nothing. So
I'm, it's funny though, I was just telling someone like um so I have family in ventura.
Yeah. Yeah. So I like sometimes they kind of talk to me like I'm dumb or like I was talking to my mom the other day and she was like, oh I forgot that your liberal and I was like, just because I talk like this does not mean I'm a stupid redneck. Okay.
Like
it was like, she was like not it and I was like repeat
No,
just the straight line like
and
Weird
true.
It's
just like in like in this area though, I think it's very ingrained because like we didn't even have seat belt laws and tell like well into the eighties because
people
felt like like the government is going to tell me what to do, even if it would save my life the governments and tell me what to do. So it is so like cultural here
and I like, I feel like my family not being from here, it's a little bit weird to me, but I grew up here so I kind of get it.
exactly. Yeah. Like culturally I grow
something different. Yeah,
I'm from North Dakota by live
in
South
Dakota now.
Mm is too false.
It's
like like 20% positive right now.
It's
yeah. And so well at the state and so I was just reading something today that was like, I can't remember, it was like the Harvard medical like, like
whatever they were like they would be recommending like full lockdown normally because
it's so bad.
Yeah, but our governor is just like whatever just do,
do whatever you think is right.
In
the past,
but even more so now, yeah, I was actually like just this late summer while I was talking to my parents about leaving and they were like, they've always been so supportive of me staying here, but when I brought it up there like yes,
come
west, so but yeah, if I if I could go to Canada, I would in a minute.
it's
not like you can just pick up and go, but
I
no,
no,
they're there in Seattle.
Yeah.
That dance. Yeah.
I do um luckily no one has been like really badly hit like hospitalized or anything, but yeah, I have friends
who have gotten it and recovered.
Oh totally, like I was in a group chat with like my college girlfriends and one of them at that one of them was like I had it and then I had strep the next week and strip was worse and my other friend who's a nurse was like, well we can't keep up with our cases in the hospital right now, so strap might have been worse for you, but
like
let's not be spreading that narrative around.
That's
good
point.
that's a
good
point.
it feels like woeful ignorance, like people just don't want to know.
it is, yeah,
that's
why.
appropriate.
That's crazy
for me, like honestly just getting outdoors, like hiking, getting
outside. How about you?
that
that would be so hard,
And Really?
Well
that's awesome,
that's
Well
hopefully,
What
what were you going to ask?
Yeah, I like I've been um I like to write like that's kind of my artistic outlet, so I've
been trying
to write a lot more and like even if it's just journaling like even if it's not like a beast, you know like I was just today looking back at what I was writing and like a role in May and I was like my god, that like saved me where I was like dude I'm depressed like but
it's so good.
For
For
I'm not like like I've never gotten into that genre like I do more like I'll do nonfictional do like um creative writing or like poetry but I've never gotten into the whole screenplay thing, I think that's super cool and super fascinating.
no
I don't
but I need to like, I'm
getting
it. I'm working on it like and there's like to stop credit where you can like submit your poetry for other people to critique. And I just, I lurk and I haven't done it yet, but I need to just
to
like
next.
Pretty
good.
that's true. Yeah. Yeah,
I
was.
No and I mean I think we've had our time so it was really great talking to you. I'm
glad
I am nice to meet you. I'm Amanda.
Yeah. Yeah. I hope you and your family stay healthy and just hang in there.
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
It is
Maybe on the beer money subreddit
and
okay, I'll look for you.
atom
Well, have
evening. Bye.