That didn't even do anything on 10 before one? The Yeah. Making this. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna eat a small bar. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Oh look yeah there is a person
can Great. Can you hear me? Great?
Excellent. So excuse me, I'm putting away what I was eating.
you were, would
you
care for care for granola bar? Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. So um my name is Melissa
now, are you Amanda?
Well uh I really woke up more than five minutes ago uh
regardless of what it looks like.
no, I got up around eight and I had all these plans for stuff I was gonna do before I did this and uh I fed my cat,
I poured
myself some coffee. That's about the productive. And when you say it's very hard, I
thought you think you woke up because it was hot? I might have misheard you.
We have neighbors like that too. Yeah. Actually, what's what's really funny about it? I mean it's not really funny, but you know, you got to laugh to keep from crying, right? Um My upstairs neighbor, I live in the apartment that my sister used to live in before she passed away and my sister and her upstairs neighbor had a feud basically. They did not get along, they hated each other. And apparently the reason the upstairs neighbor didn't like her was that she went upstairs and said basically could you keep it down and she resented this? So after my sister died, my partner and I were walking walking down the street one day and our upstairs neighbor was like a few yards ahead of us and she starts talking very loud so we can hear her and she said I told my Children jump, jump jump on the floor, it's like okay, and then apparently her objection to me is that I'm old. So there you go.
You know,
I mean
you can't
you can't
really argue with that because it's completely illogical and irrational, you know?
And at one point she was one point she approached each of us separately and was like, oh my Children are making noise and they're disturbing you. You know, I hope they weren't disturbing you. Let me know and blah blah. This lasted, I don't know, a week. I don't know, I don't know.
medication perhaps perhaps. I mean I don't know, I mean I can't diagnose somebody, you know,
I'm not
a doctor, but it was like, oh and
you let me know if it's ever a problem and that those days are past anyway. So I sympathize with you, is what I'm trying to say. I know exactly how it is, Exactly,
You
know
people,
oh, I'm in new york, I'm in I'm in I'm in new york, I'm in the provincial new york. All right. I said new york was supposed to know that. I mean the city not the vast, huge state with how many cities in it, but yeah, but that's how we are because we think we're the center of the universe and and really are we wrong?
You know how it is, You know,
it's arrogant
new Yorkers. Where do you live in Jersey?
Yeah, I have friends there, but they're like in Middlesex County and I like not far from the city, like the new Brunswick area.
hurt. Yeah. So
do you I'm sorry, continue. I won't talk over you. I'm just gonna I'm just getting my coffee from behind my laptop. Okay, there we go. Got
to have
coffee
to
talk.
caffeine. Wouldn't it be great if you could just do that through the computer? Coffee food.
Have you done these chats before? Yeah.
I did when I think it's been a weaker so ago and I said this is my availability and somehow I missed the email or the message. I never look in the messages that I shouldn't say never. I rarely look at the messages, I'm prolific. And I missed the message that said you've got something coming up in two days or something like they schedule it right away and I guess I didn't expect to see that. So then I saw the message the same day but after it had already passed and uh then I felt because I said you know you could have let me no more than an hour ahead and they said yeah we told you two days ago said oh I'm sorry.
Me too actually now that I think of it it was last night.
Thanks.
Thank
you. What?
thanks.
I'm sorry.
The last person, I'm trying to think how many chats I've actually done. I think I may have only done one because people have not shown up before. You know like the previous wave a few months ago person never showed up and then I had another one um where the person didn't show up which is why I rescheduled you know given my availability again. But the other person I spoke to was also a woman and was in new york state. Not in new york city but still I wonder how their parents well actually don't well they don't ask us that. So how is Cincinnati? Did you go out there for work or for school or you just wanted to be in Cincinnati?
What are you studying?
It was
interesting. I have no clue what that means. Is that something between the relation of statistics and biology or
go.
No.
I have
a friend um an online friend who's in that area. I mean I've never met her in person but she's in Kentucky but right near Cincinnati And there are things about it she likes and there are things about it she doesn't like she's originally from Puerto rico and she bemoans the lack of good and decently priced tropical fruits and other stuff. I'll say to her like oh I got so and so at the supermarket and she says I envy you. I don't know where to get that but you know I'm in new york I can get any food I want to basically.
Yeah.
But it's
not it's not a backwater though. It's a city, it's got stuff cultural stuff.
Well
that's a big difference.
What?
When I lived in Chicago, which is not, you know, really cheap per se and it's pretty large city. I remember the apartment we had and my friends who are from Chicago or were from elsewhere been living there longer than I had were saying your apartment is so expensive and I was like, are you kidding? You know, coming from new york, you know
in the space. I mean I have a lot of space because I'm in the Bronx and I'm in an old building. If I were like trying to live in Manhattan or something, forget it. For what I pay the rent that have a closet, you know, instead
of like
A one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen with high ceilings, you know, stuff like that.
But you know, we were living in an apartment with supposedly three bedrooms, One bedroom was tiny. I think maybe it could be a nursery, it could be a bedroom for somebody who's like Under four. So we met into an office, so we put a desk in a computer in there in a chair and that was fine and two bedrooms and a dining room and a walk in pantry. And people like, oh you're paying so much. I said, are you kidding? You know,
But everything is relative I guess.
I love Chicago. The only thing about Chicago is I met people there and I did make friends. It's not always easy to make friends. Certainly not for me, I'm not the most, How can I put it? I'm rather socially awkward and shy with people.
Um I'm good at talking to people I don't know because that's kind of a skill I've learned. I've worked in a lot of customer service and technical support and sales. So I mean I can just blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. But as far as like on a personal level it's hard for me. So I had friends I've made there, but you know my mother was in new york, my sister was in new york. All the people I knew were in new york. So you know, the city was great though. I mean, you know as far as cultural stuff, things to do, interesting cuisines, interesting architecture, Chicago is a great city. It really is. It's, you can always find stuff to do and if you're into food, I mean it's fabulous, fabulous. And we lived uh in the neighborhood in Chicago that I think is the most ethnically diverse uh, neighborhood in the entire city. So
you know, we shopping for groceries or anything else. You know, there was like such a wide variety of things in such a wide variety of neighbors. Not that I talked to my neighbors, I'm from new york, I don't talk to my neighbors, but if I wanted to, there would have been a very wide variety of people from different countries to talk to. And it's nice and you know, it's interesting architecturally because in new york you can go to Manhattan, you can go to the outer boroughs, you can go to probably any part of any borough and you're going to see high rise buildings in Chicago when you got out to our neighborhood, which is the northwest side, kind of far northwest side, Not the farthest, but you know, not near the downtown area. Um they're like, these were called to flats and three flats like, you know, two and three story buildings and you don't see really tall buildings unless you go by the lake unless you're toward the lake or downtown in the loop area. You know, like maybe Scottish members, like tall apartment buildings don't exist. So the feel of the neighborhood is much more kind of homey and cozy and it's not imposing. You know the way new york can be. I mean where I live here, it's largely not very tall apartment buildings and private houses and stuff like that. But still we have tall buildings even in this area which is not in the heart of the city at all.
And Chicago. It's much more like that. Like everywhere bungalows have a lot of bungalows, which are really cute. Yeah,
you
should, you should go because I don't know if you like uh well if you like just experiencing different places but if you like I would say two of the main things, architecture and food. Um It's really, it's a nice day. It would be a nice city to vacation in
before for before times.
I
was
gonna say it's not that far away.
Absolutely.
You know when I moved there people were telling me, oh the winters the snow, it's like I'm from new york, I've experienced winters I've experienced. So I would
say the weather, it gets maybe somewhat colder and somewhat snow here but a lot of that is the lake effect. So depending on where you are, I didn't live near the near the water. So to me it was like the winters were like new york, they were snowy, they were windy, they were rainy and the summers were like new york they were very humid, very hot. The main thing that's different is you don't get hurricanes there but you get tornadoes because of the because it's flat you know But but I would say the weather is very very similar to what I grew up with and what I'm experiencing now but people like oh the Chicago winters I said you know I'm not moving from Miami, I've experienced winter before, I've seen snow, I've
seen blizzards but I think that if you're right um right on top of lake michigan that you do get like those really howling winds and stuff like
that but we didn't experience that. Mhm
Thank
you.
Well compared
to where
you are it's going to be colder. Sure.
No not at all
of course.
But I mean I'm guessing your summers are pretty hot. No.
For
what?
I
see. I thought you were talking about something that causes the weather to be hot. It's like what what is she talking about?
Are you saying that it's it's it's good conditions for those kind of animals to live?
Why?
interesting.
And you're wearing Louisville
and and then you're in Louisville, is that right now? I have my geography right?
that's where my that's where my friend lives, Tavington.
That's
what
I got you. Mhm. What river is that? The Ohio River? Know what reversal?
Geography is not my strong point, but I'm very curious
about it.
Yeah. So what is the situation to change subjects? What's the situation with your your school, your university, I mean are you out now for the summer or are they going back in person or
what's going
on?
What?
What?
And
so
I would find the dorms kind of actually, maybe the classrooms are scarier, I guess there are more people on top of each other in a classroom.
my God, I I just don't get it, I really don't get it. I mean supposedly new york is going into phase four, which originally was supposed to mean uh indoor dining at restaurants, and I think museums open, and I think they decide against both of those things, but you know, we're not in phase one, I mean my household, it's like I'll go to the mailbox, we can go to the supermarket, we can go to the drugstore, I'm not taking any chances, you know, because why would you if you if I'm sorry, I should take that back if you can avoid it. I mean there are a lot of people who need to go to work and if you're in that situation, but my work is from home, so.
And they're
just reckless. Huh? Did you hear about this party? They broke up in New Jersey now. I don't remember what town it was in New Jersey where somebody on this house was like a mansion. It was just a very large house. And they had a party there with like hundreds of people
back
into the house.
precisely.
I
just
I don't get it. I don't get it. I people just willfully ignorant and just believing
what they want to believe, not what information is read. I mean there's a lot of things that are mysterious about this virus. You know, obviously they don't have a vaccine yet. Obviously they have certain medications they use but they don't necessarily have the ideal thing that keeps people's health. You know the optimum health and keep people alive. They're working with certain things but there is information that's out there that I mean it's there you know you don't have to look for it. Even if it's just it's very frustrating. It must be frustrating to you how anti fact and science people are. I mean you work with statistics you know here are numbers numbers you know. Yes you can manipulate data but numbers just on their face are neutral. They're just information for you to utilize. Do it use your brain use your statistics, figure it out. You know I just it's very very frustrating to me it's over.
And then as as a new yorker what really frustrates me is like we were hit very hard as you know um it was terrible and actually where I live we were at one point the third, at one point the most affected zip code in the city. Most people getting sick and going to the hospital and it was the most deaths, but most people being sick being testing positive, going to the hospital and we were hearing, um, ambulances 45 10 times a day in the area. And it was, it was really unnerving. It was like living in a, well, this whole thing is like living in a dystopian novel, honestly. But it was just like the sirens again, the sirens again. But you know, through closing things down and people staying home and wearing masks, they have really done remarkable things and we're like an example of how you can improve. Um, they had three days of no deaths reported. Now we know that that's statistically zero. Could mean one or to attend, but Still it was zero. I mean it wasn't 100, it wasn't 1000 you know, and the number of people hospitalized in the entire state, which is millions of people is 600. I
mean, that's amazing. That's a new thing. And when you go online and you read something on facebook and people are like, well, you know, look at all these cases, well, it's all new york's fault. It's, you know, oh, new york, new york. It's because of them that the numbers are so hot. Like you give us a break lee,
you know,
we're doing
so well here.
With international travel, there's population density, especially in low income areas, which is, you know, where I live. The Bronx is the poorest borough and people live in apartments and they live on top of each other and their breathing on each other. And you know, and the hospitals were not up to the number of people coming in etcetera etcetera. So and let's face it, they didn't know what to do. I was reading somebody was talking about how this might amuse you. I don't know, somebody was saying that like not all lay people but a lot of lay people, you know, they said you know the doctors and the you know people who are experts on contagious disease and so forth, public health officials, you know, they tried what they thought were appropriate therapies, they tried ventilators, they tried certain medications of famous hydroxychloroquine and zinc and all this stuff and they weren't as effective. So then they tried something else and that was more effective and as they got more data and as their understanding of the disease change their approach to a change and that this is the scientific method, this is scientific method. A lot of people look at it and go look they changed their minds, they don't know what they're talking about. It's not that they don't know what they're talking about is that they had new and different information so they responded definitely. They tried something it didn't work so they tried something else and it did work. And I have a friend who's a a pharmacist in a hospital and she was saying that what they're doing now is like the reason that um maybe the death rate for people who get hospitalized is not as high or um you know things are kind of changing as far as the statistics statistics go is that they're now using um steroids, they're using blood thinners they find as effective. They're not putting people on ventilators, they're putting him on bypass machines and
they find that that helps more because one of the problems that people were having was blood clots. So you know pepper in and similar anyway. My point is people are so not geared to thinking in a logical scientific way that they think people think that if you change your mind when you get new data it's a sign of weakness and it's not it's a sign of learning.
hydroxychloroquine.
Well look at the president of brazil. I mean the president of this country for this matter. I mean when you have people in the highest office is touting something that's not effective and saying oh this is a great thing the president of brazil who is positive and at last last time I heard cannot get a negative test. I mean he's just got this virus and it's not going away that's what he's taking. And that he was saying is great. Meanwhile he keeps testing positive and testing positive and when he's not doing anything else he goes out of his palace and he talks to people and shake their hands. What the hell? But I mean if the president of your country, I mean there's a lot of people who you know really despise him and don't take anything. He says at face value. I know in brazil but you know for a lot of people have, somebody in highest position is saying something is great. You know that must mean something why would mean more than you know somebody from a medical organization
And I'm not even that that's the thing. It's not even being helpful. I mean you know I mean hey I take all the placebo effects in the world if it would make me feel better. But apparently it's not making people feel better and it's not making them live longer and it's not making them have less pain. So if the medicine doesn't do any of those things who needs it.
No.
it's an anti malarial I think I think. Yeah. Mhm
Yeah
I was thinking rheumatoid arthritis or something like that, something inflammatory
little bess,
that's what it is. That's right. And then What happens is then they use it for the people with COVID-19 and then there aren't enough um supplies for the people who have lupus. That's the other effect.
Unbelievable.
It's very sad that every conversation is in the same way. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well it's it's kind of an important thing.
It's its effect of all our lives. I mean I was thinking the other day that my partner and I had this like running thing that we're going to go to this fancy restaurant at some point he had a small monetary windfall. And so she said, oh we're going to go there to order whatever we want, blah blah blah. And then this thing happened was like, well we're not going to any restaurants. And I was thinking today, what would it take at what point do we have to be at for me to feel secure enough to go somewhere where I don't have to, where it's not
a drugstore or grocery store, where it's other shopping or sitting in a restaurant, sitting in a bar. And I really don't know because as I said, the city supposedly is in phase for they have this outdoor dining and they have this and that and the other thing that you can go to, I don't know that I want to go to them. And when we go out on this, even if I got you out in the little courtyard by my building just to go to the garbage can and throw out my garbage, I see people walking by with no masks, You know, do I want to go somewhere where there were 10 people like that and in close proximity? Not really, you know,
So I'm glad that you you're able to do your your school, your school work uh remotely
some people are not unfortunately in some states there not in a position to do so.
Another
department sir.
then they have to physically be there
virtual
test ins.
No.
I
was going to just looking at the clock and saying, I think I think we're done.
It was nice
talking to you to Amanda, have a great day,
bye bye.