can you hear me?
I can hear you
very concerned, Harvard just Mhm
was just
saying,
yeah,
I'm Amanda
dad hurry on.
Oh, I didn't hear
Yeah, I woke up about 15 minutes, yeah, sometimes, yeah,
uh that's
not
no
no, no, well I woke up because the people I live on the bottom floor of an apartment, like well upstairs where being loud, that's
No,
two
things
work
better,
you are
wow, it's interesting.
Single
room
holy
yeah, it's uh wow, but it's okay, it's not too bad I guess,
to want
to City
or ST 11,
yeah, for me, Jersey, So
no,
I don't
um I'm from Monmouth County right now actually, I'm living in Cincinnati, but my family lives in like the central part near the beach. Yeah,
all right, well, I've been, I mean, yeah, I heard there, I used to, I lived there for a little bit too actually, not so along with. Yeah.
Perhaps.
I don't
know
if that's a
good
one. Well, sorry, I'm tired. I'm like trying to like myself up a little bit.
it was great. Yeah.
I have actually a dime. I had one. I did one yesterday. I did another one last week.
Well, they let me know about this one like last night was pretty late last night to like, I'm surprised I also didn't miss it.
Because it's telling me right
now, yeah, they told me a nine last night and like, nor
I don't look at these messages
normally either. I saw an email um I guess when they started. But yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think they're interesting I guess like talking to someone that you
haven't, but it's interesting that this is the third one. But I I've gotten paired with like in some
ways similar democratic, like everyone I've talked to has been a woman and you're a psycho person who's been from new york, like it's not like that diverse.
I came out for school, I'm doing a grad program, right?
Uh like computational
biology.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's pretty like
similar to that. It's I think like it's kind of broad field so it depends on like what specific people are doing. But what I'm doing is mostly like statistics on the computer related to um biology, data and stuff like bad.
So that's why I so I've only been here like a year actually, a year in like a few weeks I think will be a year since I've been here. Right? Yeah, I'm not from this area at all, but it is actually, it's a nice city, It's nicer than I would have brought. It would be, you
know.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely not like, yeah,
I mean it's definitely not new york, there's definitely not like all the options for restaurants and everything here, but
you know.
and it's like actually affordable is the best
part.
Yeah, I mean like I want to be able to afford like an apartment like this and New Jersey or new york and I mean I pay like half of what my friends pain run so lot
size
and
it's
good.
Hello?
Well
yeah, yeah, that's true. How did you like living in Chicago?
Where are you?
Thank you.
Well
various I've never ran I
think.
Yeah, I do want to go. I mean, I was even thinking of going this summer before, like.
I think I'm, I'm closer than I've ever been before I guess. I think I maybe in like five or six hours
and
when,
Yeah, I mean it's definitely closer than like it was to New Jersey.
So yeah, I do want to definitely get out there at some point. Was the weather like a lot older?
When?
Great.
Wonderful.
Okay. Yeah, that's what I was wondering cause I always hear people talk
about how
cool that is right
the
moment.
yeah, it's like more north and it's not that I'm much more nor is it sounds like Alaska or
you
remember, you know what I mean? Like?
Yeah, I think, um, we're Cincinnati is a little south of like Jersey and in new york, I want to say it's a little bit harder than New Jersey, but it's honestly pretty similar. The weather here. Yeah. It's um, they do have like, it is a little bit harder though because there's like the little like lizard. Thanks. I
don't know
what, like lizards or like they're like, there's a lot
of,
no,
yeah, there's a lot of them here. I
mean, I had only ever seen them before, like south Carolina Virginia, but they live here. So I guess it is a little bit hotter than,
Yeah, I wasn't expecting them to be here honestly, but I guess I am really like on the, like we Cincinnati is are like on the border of Kentucky. So you just have to cross the river and you're
room.
Um, no, it's not Louisville. It's like, it's like Covington and it's another,
okay. Yeah. So she lives basically like in Cincinnati. It's literally, it's like, it's like the between new york and new york. You know what I mean? We're water. It's
like that,
it's like between Cincinnati and like Huffington is just like a river goes through it.
I think it is the Ohio River, You know
what?
It's not mine either. Yeah, I think it's and pretty calm part of the choir ever from whatever town
Aaron
group.
So like the university right now is saying that they're doing online and in person, but
my stuff is all online and you know, I talked to like from other people I've talked to, it seems like most things around line, I don't know what's in person because I haven't spoken to anyone like who actually
had a fasting person. So I don't really, I don't, I don't really know exactly what's um happening. I think they are opening the doors and I think they may be opening some of them the
cafeterias and
Jack.
Yeah, I mean I don't think it's gonna be a grazer things are already like there's a decent amount of fraternity is here, how wrong? I like the surrounding houses sometimes and there's already like tons of parties going on. Yeah.
Yeah no I agree, I'm the same way, I'm like I'm trying to be really careful but yeah, I mean this area that I live in, it's it's mostly students and people are not being
there.
Yeah, I think
I
It was like 700 people and jack.
Yeah, I did hear about that. Yeah, I saw
them.
That is yes.
grow up.
I mean I'm frustrated too. It's I do feel like people in Cincinnati are taking it like a little less seriously than your
Well
Yeah, I know,
I
know.
Yeah and I feel, I mean I think the reason why it hit new york so bad to begin with was just because there's more international travels and
Well.
Yeah. I know you're completely right. Yeah. It's a very the whole thing is I know it's I I guess I don't know what happened maybe just really bad scientific education in this country. Yeah, I mean it's definitely like disturbing the way people um or even like the way people like latch onto misinformation problem and that. What is it? Hydro oh
sorry. Yeah. Yeah. The obsession with that drug, that's
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I feel like I'll that you're getting with that drug is the placebo with that because it's probably.
I know. And that's the medicine that's actually supposed to be for people with, like
in malaria, right? Malaria. Like,
I want to say it's also, what's the other disease? Cool.
The inflammatory disease.
How? Well, that's what I think.
Let's,
The other issue. Yeah. Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah,
I mean, but yeah, I've done three of these sounds. We've always ended up talking about corona complaint.
definitely.
What?
Is there a problem?
Yeah. No, I'm very
Yeah. I'm lucky because my whole degree is centered on the computer so I can pretty much always there remotely. There are actually a lot of people who are back and where I work at. There's a lot of people who are back there because
like
yeah, because like there's a lot of labs, you know what I mean?
physically be doing experiments and I
think
yeah, Yeah, so I I am definitely walking in comparison to all
of them. Um Yeah, it definitely is. Yeah, watching. No, probably I need to get going actually pretty
soon.
Yeah, they are. But I was
talking now.
No.