SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm mm. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I cannot hear you. I don't know. Um This happened once before. Let me look. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: I can yeah Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hold on. Yeah, I don't hear you at all.
SPEAKER_L: I'm really shoot. Um
SPEAKER_R: is settled. Oh wow, what a bummer. Um
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I don't know if it's anything on my under if it's on urine.
SPEAKER_L: so there is a microphone signal I can you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: myself?
SPEAKER_R: hear, I hear like this clicking, but I don't hear your voice at all.
SPEAKER_L: Weird. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: good night. Yeah, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Let me see if this works any better. Can you talk a little bit?
SPEAKER_R: I still don't hear you so I'm not sure what to Oh man,
SPEAKER_L: Shoot? Um I think it's probably on your side because usually
SPEAKER_R: Margaret.
SPEAKER_L: this because this works pretty well and I think it's um
SPEAKER_R: yeah, let me um I'm just gonna see about as my speaker is. Um Yeah, all right, my speaker is
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: on,
SPEAKER_L: that yeah in the top right there's a symbol that turns it on and off.
SPEAKER_R: there's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So in
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: a microphone in the corner and I've clicked it but I still don't hear you.
SPEAKER_L: oh that's probably yours
SPEAKER_R: So if you go to the top right corner, do you see like a microphone or a sound thing? Is yours on or off?
SPEAKER_L: it's on
SPEAKER_R: Because that's okay. I don't understand this then
SPEAKER_L: It turns you on and off in the very top right of your picture. Sorry. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, wow.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Um because my my headphones say they're on, I just don't get it because you hear me just fine, correct? Ok, so I'm not very good with troubleshooting these things and I don't know if the problem is on my end, why I can't hear you or if somehow your side is muted. I don't I'm not sure what the problem is
SPEAKER_L: I don't think that I'm muted um because I've checked I've switched my sound system and I've checked the the two symbols so there's one on me. Um And then there's one on you.
SPEAKER_R: you want me to do? Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: Well Big
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: SEC.
SPEAKER_R: so funny. I'm trying to I'm trying to understand what you're saying. I'm watching your mouth,
SPEAKER_L: sorry one sec
SPEAKER_R: This is fun. Anyway. Right,
SPEAKER_L: you know. Right yeah real. Let me I'm gonna go get a piece of paper. She, right
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay so yeah. Mhm. So these these are the two things that I know to check. Yeah. Mhm. Hold on I can't hear you now. Can you switch? I'm not sure which one it is But let me ah that's so weird I can't hear you at all. Yeah hold on. So how did you switch that? Gosh all right hold on. Ah Okay so I think that this mutes me and I think that this allows me to hear you. I'm not sure though. Mhm. Okay. Um I can't hear you. Yeah I'm not sure. I'm not sure why though. I think it like switched like right when you started hearing me it like flipped.
SPEAKER_R: for me now say I don't hear you, so it's tied to this thing.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Which one,
SPEAKER_R: So if I if I click this, if I have the red line through it, I can hear you but you don't hear me so I'm not under. There's some glitch here, I think so. Perhaps you should tell me something about yourself and then I'll tell you about my so you know, let's let's just do that, we'll just have to take turns because I can't figure out how um so we can both actually converse, but this is the best we've got, so I'm gonna click it and you tell me about yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Cool. Um Okay, so can you hear me now? Okay, so my name is Benny, I am actually a student at a university in America and I'm studying neuroscience. Um So I am yeah, I'm currently in my third year of the program, but I was actually able to get some credits done before I came to college, so I'm actually hoping to be able to graduate this may. Um So yeah, I'm very excited. Um I really like just like psychology but also like all of science, so neuroscience has been a very good fit for me so far. Um Especially like like genetics and stuff like that. Um But other than that I also really really love animals. Um And I have a lot of siblings, so I like I don't know I guess little kids I can relate to and dogs, but what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so my name is Laurie, I have three Children, they're all grown, my oldest will be 30 in august My daughter, my she's my only girl, she's 24 and my youngest is 21 and he's still at home. He he worked in automotive, so I am kind of a retired homeschooling mom. And Yeah, yeah, so and my doggy is outside right now Stop # two acres, so she's just romance.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: But it's interesting that you're studying uh neuroscience and stuff like that. That's really cool. My sister is actually the director of medical research at the University of California Irvine. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: she stay out there um almost five years. Yeah, so where? And we lived in north Carolina, so we're on opposite ends of the country, but we don't in all the years my husband, I have been married, we've never lived near family, so we've just always kind of had to do our own thing. So now that you're at school, are you far from your family or you still at home
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, can you hear me now? Okay. Yeah, so first of all, I was actually born in north Carolina, so that is so cool. I lived like the first nine years of my life there. Um The Durham Chapel Hill, the Research triangle. Yeah, so that's really cool to hear that you're from around there. It's a beautiful, beautiful state. Um I am actually, yeah, I'm always away from my family to my family lives like in colorado now and I'm in, I'm all the way in Iowa for school. So it's a long drive whenever we want to see each other. It's kind of, you know a lot. But actually okay, I have to go back to something that you said. Um My mom is actually a homeschool mom too. I was homeschooled all the way up from kindergarten through the end of high school. I only like partially towards the end because I went to a like a charter school part time so that I could go to community college and get some products out of the way. Um but yeah you know I totally love to home schooling so that's super cool that we have that in common because yeah how did you like, what curriculum did you use for your kids
SPEAKER_R: started this is you know, 25 years ago and there wasn't a whole lot um there, so I didn't know what I was doing quite honestly and I used a becca when I started and I really grew to hate it because it's curriculum in a camp and as I had more Children and I got more confident, I actually wrote my own curriculum. I actually strung things together for my Children, my kids. Um they wanted to learn about the mafia because my family is from Italy and I do have family that's in the way if you know what I'm saying. So they wanted to watch My Godfather, I said we're not going to just watch Godfather, so I put together a whole unit lesson for them and we studied prohibition and how that opened the door for the mafia to come to the United States, the corruption in the government, how the government poisoned
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: people with wood, alcohol and um and we just did this whole history and writing, so I kind of put it together so that they got some history, they got some english credit and then we watched the movie. But yeah and I did a lot of um I'm kind of a literature nerds so I I read and read to my kids, we read all kinds of books. Um we love the Count of Monte Cristo and stuff like that. Um and anyhow, you know, there were just some things that I used curriculum like when they got older, when they were in high school um we were part of a coop here and they used apology to and um I kind of, I like that they could go somewhere to do their labs because I thought that was just really important for them. Um but I've always been kind of in the english history vein. My husband is very much science, he taught science um and are called when we lived in Missouri and the kids went wild for him. He brought, he built vanda graft machines with the kids, they built a hovercraft and they built um Tesla coils, it made slime, I mean these kids just had a ball and um, yeah, so we've just been kind of in it since our kids were little and I did preschool because my youngest was a bit of a premium. He was a mama's baby and I just could not Leave him because he would just flip himself out. So I did the preschool stuff and I had 17, 3 and four year old in a little room and it was so fun. There was one kid, oh my gosh, Benny his life and he was just marvelous. I love this little boy. But Eli had a booming voice for a little boy. He had the, it was incredibly loud and we um, we, I had them all on their little carpet square. So we were doing a lesson about God made us special. I had read the book about how God gave them eyes to see, ears to hear legs to run a chip blah blah blah. So eli stands up and he says hey teacher I know something we all have living inside of us and I was like really what he said, I
SPEAKER_L: mm. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: nearly died. I was like oh my gosh we need to go watch man. So when mom came to pick him up I told her and I am just crying laughing and she is howling,
SPEAKER_L: hey
SPEAKER_R: she says to me well just so you know I have a masters in biology and my husband has a masters in microbiology and their daughter happened to be looking at veterinary fly. So that's where he got tapeworms
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: because I'm thinking what for you? Yes. Yeah inside of all
SPEAKER_L: all right. Oh my gosh that's incredible, wow that's so cool that you've done some apology because when I was in high school um my mom actually talked into that curriculum as well. She's actually a lot like you where she's more into like the literature history side of home schooling than the science side And so that's actually part of why she sent me to like a charter school too, do some of my science because she didn't want to do any labs. Like she tried to like when, when I was young, when I was in like elementary school, she tried to work it out, she's like use milk cartons, empty milk cartons to try to like grow plants and like show us plant cycles and stuff. But she just really, it really wasn't her thing. So I ended up going on to that too. But that is simple that your husband was able to do so many labs because I didn't really, I didn't really have an opportunity to do many collapse until I came to college. Um because a lot of times when I did apology, I just did the book on my own. So like I did the physics book in high school, but I didn't I wasn't really interested in the physics lab so much. So I ended up negotiating with my mom and I designed my own uh physics lab to do instead of the labs that they gave in the book because I am, I'm really interested in creative writing as well, and I like writing sci fi. And so at the time I was working on a project where one of the key ideas to it was I was like writing about um the Earth before um like guangguang long ago, like at the point of Pandya right, I was writing like way way back and I had this really novel idea at the time that there might be at that point, two moons circling there, because like, it's so long ago, you know, nobody would tell us about it. Um and so I have this whole idea was like oh like how would they tell time if there were two different things orbiting? Um And so that got me thinking as I was studying physics uh that actually having two moons would change a lot more than just how people told time in a society like that. I realized that like having multiple like an extra celestial body would change the whole frequency of like the tight and the whole like all these things. And so I I got really interested in that and I was like like no no that's really cool. I need to figure out what the beaches would be like in this world. And so I did a lab calculating um by giving it theoretical values and stuff calculating the force that the sun has on the Earth's tides, the force that the moon has on the earth's tides and then the force that a second moon would have on the earth's tides if I added it in and then I made a composite and it was so cool because it was, it was amazing like because at times where um the sun and both the moon's would line up at the same place, I would get tides that were like way bigger than tides that we would see right now, um which would be so cool because you know, that would like extend beach by OEMs significantly if that was happening in that. Um but at the same time, I think pretty much the coolest thing that I saw in these graphs was um I hadn't anticipated it, but there were also points on the draft where because of all the forces because of the extra force that this moon moon added when the new moon was countering the old moon and the sun, it would actually kill the tides more than we see um with the sun and the moon. Because even when the sun and the moon are fighting so to speak over who's controlling the tides, the moon is significantly stronger. But having a second moon totally threw that out of whack and created like basically like Like points at which there was like zero Tide change for like eight hours and and like just total like which is so cool to think about. It was definitely like a really cool application of like um thinking about science fiction and writing characters in the world that I hadn't really thought about. But also like flushing them out using the science that I could understand and the science that I could I don't know pursue. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: incredible. Um I just, that was one thing I really loved about home schooling was that as you could see your Children growing and developing there interest and natural talents. You can see where they, those things lied. It was I I just felt like it offered such a wonderful opportunity to allow them the freedom to pursue some of those things. I have a friend whose daughter is um Thank you chief, she's 15, I think she's 15 now, she published her first novel last year. Yeah and it's just that these are the things that home schooling allow your child um to develop their natural gifts and talents and I just um I just really felt like sometimes one size isn't for all, you know, I'm not that's why I don't like curriculum and can and especially where my daughter was concerned. Um She was just the quiet one if you will and just um she's definitely more of her daddy's personality and um I just knew she would just get run over in class. She you know she could stand up for herself but I just thought she was just so quiet, she's likely to kind of get lost in the shuffle and my little one um and he just had a lot of wiggles little boys just have a lot of wiggles and um you know I just thought I wanted him to be able to do those things and I wanted to trailer their their curriculum to them like Shane and Andy work super with math science. Shane really likes history very into World War Two, History. Um And my grandfather happens to be part of the D Day invasion so he did a huge project on World War Two when he called his uh my grandfather, they called him papa georgie and um and interviewed him because my grandfather was actually a catcher in the Yankees minor league and he would have been drafted and he chose to join the army after the attack on Pearl Harbor and he's four years in europe. Um So yeah that was just a big deal. Um And our family and my son, both my boys play ball for years um and it's funny they both they both do automotive stuff and our daughter, she um she was in Romania with her husband. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: they have
SPEAKER_L: don't know
SPEAKER_R: little boy, he's um how old is leo leo will be? So he's almost two, he'll be two in august so yeah it's wild. So um I was hoping Sarah always wanted to do uh submission trips and stuff like that, so she's done some stuff but not like what she had originally planned
SPEAKER_L: So we, she was planning on being like a missionary in Romania or she was just planning on doing stuff like that. Oh, okay, gotcha.
SPEAKER_R: and um Oh and she still, I think she still does she um she kind of, well my oldest to have kind of taken a left turn and that they want to you know when they want to do what they want to do and I get it um But they both got married and we didn't know about it um and moved and we didn't know about it so yeah our oldest um he and his she they've been married I don't know how many years now I think I think four or 5. Um But they had one little girl and then Uh she was pregnant with the 2nd 1 when they got married. So the girls are I think I think there are four and five and they're going to be five and six I think I think. And so anyway yeah so he doesn't he's they live in um the outstrips of Chicago, I don't know why you would live there but whatever. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: But they they haven't spoken to us in over a year so yeah and then Sarah her husband was here on a student Visa and um he was living with his aunt and uncle next door to us at our old house and that's how he met them and we were just being
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: neighborly
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: and of course they lied about the relationship but he was he's also seven years older than she is. So back when this happened 19 and he's 2026 you're like wait a minute. So anyway it was kind of messed up but I'm grateful that um Sarah seems like she's kind of coming around and and talking she like text me in, sending me pictures of leo and then our youngest he's um he's kind of putting some pieces back together and he kind of got involved in using things we shouldn't be using and um but he's putting it back together and he he at least all of our Children though, the Gospel of Grace, we taught them that and um you know when I still support my kids, I'm like, you know, if you want to live your life to the exclusion of your parents, that's your prerogative, that you're right, I'll defend it, I don't like being on the receiving end of it, but I'll defend that. Um And Andy um But he's really he's made some tremendous progress in the last year and um he's in a relationship and they're hoping um he and Marissa, they they're just here a lot, they're just so sweet and they are hoping to get married maybe in a year, so that's kind of exciting. Yeah, so anyway it's just I don't know, they all have to figure out their path. So when your family, how many Children are there and where are you in the mix?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, in my family there are six kids total and I am actually the oldest, so when I went away to college, especially going somewhere so far away, my parents were with like it was, it was a lot because they had never had um, I mean they home school pretty much all of us all the way through so they had never really had this family like separated for that long at a time. Um, so it's pretty crazy but uh yeah, I actually, um going back to what you were saying about faith, I have a long history of that stuff in my family as well actually like my grandpa was a pastor of of assemblies of God church in Nebraska. Yeah. Um and so yeah, my parents are very, very strong believers as well, and I also have a relationship with God. Um but it's tough going between generations. Um like even like I found in my relationship with my parents recently, it's been um I guess it's it's hard to know like how close to be your, how close not to be, like, how much to contact them, like how much what to say, what to not say, I guess. Um it's been hard for me. I've definitely a lot of the last year, even I've spent a lot of time uh thinking about like how authentic I should try to be in the relationship because I've realized that like, decision that I make now, even just in college can have big effects in the years further down the line and I don't want to um like lose touch with my parents I guess. Uh so yeah, it's been, it's been kind of weird for sure. I actually am uh in a long term relationship as well with a guy who's a few years older than me, so my parents have been a little bit nervous, especially coming the oldest kid um of theirs and me dating someone who's even older, I think it feels to them like a very quick transition um but yeah, yeah, it's been really good. Really, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and um but I think I don't know I grew up, my husband, I both grew up in cold so to come to the Gospel of Grace is really remarkable and that you recognize jesus christ died for your sins and if there's nothing to do about your sins, it's about believing that he did this and that if you believe you'll be made the righteousness of God. And um it's just it's so simple but it's like so twisted and perverted because of religion. So I'm very I'm very much opposed to organized religion now, I don't go to church. Um I refused to go actually. We have been through all kinds of stuff. In fact we were in an assembly of God when we lived in Missouri and we got kicked out for asking questions. Yeah they threw us out.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: So um yeah and I just kind of thought, you know what, I've seen the whole game, I've seen the ugly underbelly and I don't want any part of it and um I I just I just want people to believe rightly, that's it because Christianity and I don't even really like say I'm a christian, I prefer to say I'm a believer um because that's what I am, I have believed the gospel anyway, um I just think that when people find out that you believe something, they always where do you go to church? I don't I don't because I've seen the whole thing and I just don't want any part of it, I just don't. I have um I have a group of ladies I meet with on Tuesday night and we do zoom because we are all in different states and we studied the bible together. Um,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: great,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm just not going to be part of an organized religion. I just cannot do it. I, and I know that just sounds so controversial, but I, I, I'm just like, no, no, no, because I'm not going to have somebody. Um, it's kind of the whole thing, you know, like, um, with Catholicism and all the stuff out of the reformation, the gulf state religion, the State is the church, the Church of the State and they're in charge of you and in charge of your salvation. And I reject that entirely. And um, I just, I think it's awful. I think the amount of manipulation that goes on and you know, both of us coming out of cold, we're just like, you know, we were just like, we're trying to get our head screwed on straight. And then when you find the same garbage in churches that you think are correct, you're just like twice bitten, twice shy, no things. And um, I know a lot of people are offended by my stand and I'm like, you know what? That's okay,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you're allowed to have your opinion, but so am I. And that's the problem. I find, um, I just find it very sad that we cannot have conversations with people, even though we may flat out disagree, we should still be able to put on a big town and look another person in the face and recognize they're made in the image of God, just like you are and you need to love them and respect them and listen to them now to agree, you just need to be respectful and how much better this whole world would be if um, if we could just do that and kind of, you know sometimes it's good for you to listen to another point of view because it challenges your thinking. You know, I mean I just I think um how brave you are to be away from your family, it's gotta be, this has got to be a major life change and how interesting your relationship did you meet him at college or did you know him before?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we did meet at college actually um yeah, I, I really am interested in literature as well as science. Science is kind of my first love and literature is like the one that always steals in a little piece of me somehow. Um but I met him in a literature class actually because I, even though I'm, you know, a stem major, I've really taking advantage of all the electives that I can, uh, fit in that aren't like that because I think it's well, it's good to focus on um, science and really intensively dedicate myself to my study. Um, I feel like I actually perform better and do better when I have a little bit of variation in my life and when it's not just going from like one cellular systems close to another. So this is some spots and another, you know what I mean? Um, but actually it's really cool what you were saying because uh, actually a lot of like the complications with believe it or not, a lot of the complications with my, with my parents related to my boyfriend right now is exactly what you're talking about. He comes from a cult background and is extremely against organized religion now because of it. But he has a personal relationship with God. Um like in a way where like I'm completely comfortable with him, I don't feel like, like a lot of times when my, when my parents, my parents are concerned because you know, he doesn't go to church and they're like, okay, well is he actually a christian? Like are you, are you unevenly yoking yourself to this person by being with this person says they aren't actually like participating, but like I feel like he doesn't need to do that. Like he has bad bad memories and bad experiences with that stuff and like honestly, like it's probably better for him to not be there right now considering like where he's been, I feel like if we can have good spiritual conversations, like I'm good to go, like I don't want to be in his up in his spiritual life business any more than like I I don't know, I just feel like I shouldn't be like all over him in the way that my parents kind of uh huh I guess the way that my parents kind of think of it naturally, so it's really cool to hear you say that because I wasn't aware that there were that many people, like in your generation, that also felt that way, I kind of thought it was more of a younger person thing.
SPEAKER_R: All honesty, I can remember being very young in religion class and having honest question, I'm just a question asked her by nature and I used to get in trouble for asking questions and my parents would get notes home, you know Lori was disruptive said it it it uh and I would be in trouble for it and I never got answered. So as I got older, you know and by the time I was 14, honestly I have completely rejected it And I spent the next 10 years just you know I lived at home of course and I had very respectful of my parents um and when I was in college I met my husband um And I think I was about 24 when I came to understand what I what I consider saving faith and what I'm talking about. And as long as you and your boyfriend believe this, this is where and I think this is part of when people are not understanding the scriptures properly. Yeah, he should be a believer, he should believe what you do. You should, because when you know for for your marriage, if you're going to get married, you really need to marry your best friend quite frankly. Um because there's gonna be times life just kicked the crap out of you for lack of a better term, you're gonna need to support that person to believe the best of them despite what's going on. Um and I really think there are some people and at least in my circle and which is very small, I'll tell you that. Um but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're all in our 50s and 60's and um we have just questioned things hard, we have taken hard looks at things and we have been like, you know what, we have been lied to, we have been deceived, and we are smart enough to look at the scripture for ourselves, we are smart enough to understand this, and Church proves you go to church, just like my cars in my garage, it doesn't make me the car, you know, and I just I get very um concerned in the sense that people um they just need to funnel you into something, you know? Oh, you you're a believer. So you go to church, what kind of believer are you? So you go to press appearing church, you go to baptist church, you go to somebody's God, you know, catholic mormon, you know, whatever, you know, pick your poison, really. Um, but they, you have to have a label and I'm just not okay with that, you know, I mean to a degree, yes, there are certain things you have to name and label, but I'm just like, I'm not, I'm just not okay with that. And again, after what we have seen in churches, the abuse, the money grubbing, and the flat out manipulating people and the spiritual abuse. And your boyfriend is right to not go to church quite frankly. And I'll tell you why, when you are coming out of a cult, you are so you're just so vulnerable. You your mind is not right because you are coming to understand, oh my God, what I was taught, what I believe is a lie and there's this huge betrayal and there's all kinds of emotions that you have to work through and it takes some time. Um, and you need to detoxify yourself from it quite frankly, that's what has to happen. And I hope that your parents will, will start to see that because when you were recovering from wrong doctrines, I'm speaking from my own life, you just want something that sounds state, that sounds right. And that's how you end up in this, the cycle, you got to got to get yourself together. And even after I got myself together and I thought I found something that would sound, it turned out to be another cold. And I was like hell to the naw, I am done, I am done. And I said, you know what, you can say, what you will about me. I know I'm safe, I know I'm saying, I know I'm secure, I know when I leave this or I'm going to heaven, I know that um, I am not going to be manipulated and bullied into going to church and behaving in a certain way. I'm not. Um, and that's, that's the whole issue when we get into this, that you can't be, if you don't do well, jesus christ diaper since they were called to have joy and peace and believe in not behaving. And I hope that as your boyfriend is recovering from this because it takes, it takes time and some people, it takes years and some people need therapy depending on the, the level of the manipulation that went on, He needs time and he's going to need to sort this out and you hopefully having come from a more solid background, you can hopefully be, you know that the little bit of a stabilizing force mint, as you guys have these conversations, you can help him by asking those good questions. You can offer him, you know, Second Corinthians 5 17 through 21 get, get grounded in that. That's what people really need to understand in my estimation. And um, and then grow from there. And if you find a church that you're comfortable in and they're proclaiming the truth great and if you don't, it's okay, it is okay because you gotta do you. And you know, I think there's just so many in this generation because you know, I get a lot of this, you know, like, well you're wearing, I was wearing a skirt one time and there was a demonstrate stop just above my knee and I was kind of told, well that's kind of short for a woman your age. And I was like, you know what, so long as I have one ass and not to, I'll wear what I like. Uh and two, I was like, just because I'm a homeschooling mom does not mean I have my a becca and my blue jumper, that's just not who I am. Yeah, actually become very, very snarky as a result. And I spend a lot of people, I hope I haven't offended you, I'm sorry if I have. Um but yeah, when you are recovering from that. Um and this is just the mom and me and really the person who's been through this a couple of times, I'm on the other side of it and I've had some years to heal um and I can see things differently. Um five years ago, I might not have spoken to you like this, our profit was, it would be closed, but I still kind of have that. We don't go to church anywhere, what are we doing? And you know what now? I'm just like, and you just, when you get grounded, you just, there's just a level of freedom and you just become so secure and you're just like, I'm not, who are you to tell me what I have to do? I'm allowed to live my life on my terms with my convictions and I think um especially for him though, um he's just going to need time and um and I hope that your parents will really start to see how we gonna love him, How are we going to support him? How can we help get him grounded and truth, because the last thing you want to do is shake off this cold and end up in something else. That's wrong. You know, and I'm telling, I'm speaking from, you know, 25 years of this garbage, this hamster wheel and um, it does, it just, it takes time and everybody's process in that is so different. It really is. And um, I would just offer to you whatever um, you can do to be that sounding board and whatever you can do to help hear him in the safe direction. Um, do that. Um, but really the last thing you want to do is just trade one religion for another religion because they're probably both mistakes
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, thank you for the advice, it's been really good to hear from you about this. Honestly, I it's it's kind of refreshing to talk to somebody who's like my parents age, but who is who has kind of a different who's landed somewhere different on the spectrum. Um because my parents kind of have their stance and the people that they surround themselves with have pretty much the exact same stance. Um and so yeah, I mean, honestly, this has been, this has been awesome, Thank you so much for speaking to me about this. I think it's um I think it's really key. And honestly, it's one of the things that I love the most about God, like how personal the relationship can be between an individual and hand. You know what I mean? And so, yeah, I mean, I honestly, I feel like it's really cool, but like, uh that he's able to reach out to, you know, like he talks to the bible about reaching out to birds and, and like, you know, speaking through mules and stuff, like he's he's way bigger than like well if you don't go to this church I'm not sure, you know what I mean? Um And so I think it's really cool that you've kind of independently like come to this understanding with a lot of other ladies too and the U. S. Are just around generally. Um Yeah. Well it's been awesome to meet you. Yeah for sure. Sorry I can't hear you right now.
SPEAKER_R: because we have to keep clicking the stupid button. But yeah, this has been, this has been really wonderful and I hope if nothing else that you have a whole different perspective, um, you know, I'm probably every bit of conservatives as your parents are and I'm probably more conservative than most people um because I'm, you know, just in my whole life, I've always been on the conservative side as I've gotten older, I've become more conservative, but I'm definitely more, um I think it's funny when you're talking about the whole neuroscience stuff because I think there is just something within all of us that we have, we have our own thought process, right? And it's okay and we need to give grace to people and allow them to have their things. And I think when we can agree on the major things and you know, and of course because you're the oldest, your parents tied you is different, you know, and um you know, you're still on the younger side, um and you're so pretty, you're so pretty,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you really
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: are, Your skin is beautiful, your hair's, I love the color of your hair. But yeah, I just um as you're going, this is this is a challenge for every parent and how do I transition from being mommy or daddy to being a friend and a mentor to my adult child and um I think where my daughter is concerned, we're starting to get there. My youngest, he reveres his dad and they are, they do all kinds of stuff together and
SPEAKER_L: But also
SPEAKER_R: so, you know, as much as you can love your parents, respect and honor them for where they are and uh keep, you know, keep communication open if you can um because they obviously love you and they obviously have your best interest in heart. Um and for them, something outside the box of what they're used to is very scary. This, it's got to be scary to them, but um, you know, just say your sweet self and they will get it and, and, and the thing is they're gonna, especially if the littler ones are coming up there, they'll start realizing, you know, we don't have the control you like to think you do. Your time of influence is not as great, but they you've been given a good foundation and honor that. Um, and I just hope that you're the rest of your education goes so well and that you do graduate through
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: how excited and I just wish you all the best.