mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm mm. Yeah. Hello?
Can you hear me?
I can yeah Yeah.
I'm really shoot. Um
We
so there is a microphone signal I can you
myself?
Weird. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Let me see if this works any better. Can you talk a little bit?
Shoot? Um I think it's probably on your side because usually
this because this works pretty well and I think it's um
in
that yeah in the top right there's a symbol that turns it on and off.
So in
like
oh that's probably yours
it's on
It turns you on and off in the very top right of your picture. Sorry. Um
What?
I don't think that I'm muted um because I've checked I've switched my sound system and I've checked the the two symbols so there's one on me. Um And then there's one on you.
Well Big
one
SEC.
sorry one sec
you know. Right yeah real. Let me I'm gonna go get a piece of paper. She, right
yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay so yeah. Mhm. So these these are the two things that I know to check. Yeah. Mhm. Hold on I can't hear you now. Can you switch? I'm not sure which one it is But let me ah that's so weird I can't hear you at all. Yeah hold on. So how did you switch that? Gosh all right hold on. Ah Okay so I think that this mutes me and I think that this allows me to hear you. I'm not sure though. Mhm. Okay. Um I can't hear you. Yeah I'm not sure. I'm not sure why though. I think it like switched like right when you started hearing me it like flipped.
Uh Which one,
Okay. Yeah. Cool. Um Okay, so can you hear me now? Okay, so my name is Benny, I am actually a student at a university in America and I'm studying neuroscience. Um So I am yeah, I'm currently in my third year of the program, but I was actually able to get some credits done before I came to college, so I'm actually hoping to be able to graduate this may. Um So yeah, I'm very excited. Um I really like just like psychology but also like all of science, so neuroscience has been a very good fit for me so far. Um Especially like like genetics and stuff like that. Um But other than that I also really really love animals. Um And I have a lot of siblings, so I like I don't know I guess little kids I can relate to and dogs, but what about you?
that's awesome.
wow.
Um Yeah, can you hear me now? Okay. Yeah, so first of all, I was actually born in north Carolina, so that is so cool. I lived like the first nine years of my life there. Um The Durham Chapel Hill, the Research triangle. Yeah, so that's really cool to hear that you're from around there. It's a beautiful, beautiful state. Um I am actually, yeah, I'm always away from my family to my family lives like in colorado now and I'm in, I'm all the way in Iowa for school. So it's a long drive whenever we want to see each other. It's kind of, you know a lot. But actually okay, I have to go back to something that you said. Um My mom is actually a homeschool mom too. I was homeschooled all the way up from kindergarten through the end of high school. I only like partially towards the end because I went to a like a charter school part time so that I could go to community college and get some products out of the way. Um but yeah you know I totally love to home schooling so that's super cool that we have that in common because yeah how did you like, what curriculum did you use for your kids
What?
mm. Oh my God.
hey
and
all right. Oh my gosh that's incredible, wow that's so cool that you've done some apology because when I was in high school um my mom actually talked into that curriculum as well. She's actually a lot like you where she's more into like the literature history side of home schooling than the science side And so that's actually part of why she sent me to like a charter school too, do some of my science because she didn't want to do any labs. Like she tried to like when, when I was young, when I was in like elementary school, she tried to work it out, she's like use milk cartons, empty milk cartons to try to like grow plants and like show us plant cycles and stuff. But she just really, it really wasn't her thing. So I ended up going on to that too. But that is simple that your husband was able to do so many labs because I didn't really, I didn't really have an opportunity to do many collapse until I came to college. Um because a lot of times when I did apology, I just did the book on my own. So like I did the physics book in high school, but I didn't I wasn't really interested in the physics lab so much. So I ended up negotiating with my mom and I designed my own uh physics lab to do instead of the labs that they gave in the book because I am, I'm really interested in creative writing as well, and I like writing sci fi. And so at the time I was working on a project where one of the key ideas to it was I was like writing about um the Earth before um like guangguang long ago, like at the point of Pandya right, I was writing like way way back and I had this really novel idea at the time that there might be at that point, two moons circling there, because like, it's so long ago, you know, nobody would tell us about it. Um and so I have this whole idea was like oh like how would they tell time if there were two different things orbiting? Um And so that got me thinking as I was studying physics uh that actually having two moons would change a lot more than just how people told time in a society like that. I realized that like having multiple like an extra celestial body would change the whole frequency of like the tight and the whole like all these things. And so I I got really interested in that and I was like like no no that's really cool. I need to figure out what the beaches would be like in this world. And so I did a lab calculating um by giving it theoretical values and stuff calculating the force that the sun has on the Earth's tides, the force that the moon has on the earth's tides and then the force that a second moon would have on the earth's tides if I added it in and then I made a composite and it was so cool because it was, it was amazing like because at times where um the sun and both the moon's would line up at the same place, I would get tides that were like way bigger than tides that we would see right now, um which would be so cool because you know, that would like extend beach by OEMs significantly if that was happening in that. Um but at the same time, I think pretty much the coolest thing that I saw in these graphs was um I hadn't anticipated it, but there were also points on the draft where because of all the forces because of the extra force that this moon moon added when the new moon was countering the old moon and the sun, it would actually kill the tides more than we see um with the sun and the moon. Because even when the sun and the moon are fighting so to speak over who's controlling the tides, the moon is significantly stronger. But having a second moon totally threw that out of whack and created like basically like Like points at which there was like zero Tide change for like eight hours and and like just total like which is so cool to think about. It was definitely like a really cool application of like um thinking about science fiction and writing characters in the world that I hadn't really thought about. But also like flushing them out using the science that I could understand and the science that I could I don't know pursue. Yeah
I
don't know
So we, she was planning on being like a missionary in Romania or she was just planning on doing stuff like that. Oh, okay, gotcha.
mm.
I
love
yeah, in my family there are six kids total and I am actually the oldest, so when I went away to college, especially going somewhere so far away, my parents were with like it was, it was a lot because they had never had um, I mean they home school pretty much all of us all the way through so they had never really had this family like separated for that long at a time. Um, so it's pretty crazy but uh yeah, I actually, um going back to what you were saying about faith, I have a long history of that stuff in my family as well actually like my grandpa was a pastor of of assemblies of God church in Nebraska. Yeah. Um and so yeah, my parents are very, very strong believers as well, and I also have a relationship with God. Um but it's tough going between generations. Um like even like I found in my relationship with my parents recently, it's been um I guess it's it's hard to know like how close to be your, how close not to be, like, how much to contact them, like how much what to say, what to not say, I guess. Um it's been hard for me. I've definitely a lot of the last year, even I've spent a lot of time uh thinking about like how authentic I should try to be in the relationship because I've realized that like, decision that I make now, even just in college can have big effects in the years further down the line and I don't want to um like lose touch with my parents I guess. Uh so yeah, it's been, it's been kind of weird for sure. I actually am uh in a long term relationship as well with a guy who's a few years older than me, so my parents have been a little bit nervous, especially coming the oldest kid um of theirs and me dating someone who's even older, I think it feels to them like a very quick transition um but yeah, yeah, it's been really good. Really, wow.
no.
that's
great,
the
yeah, we did meet at college actually um yeah, I, I really am interested in literature as well as science. Science is kind of my first love and literature is like the one that always steals in a little piece of me somehow. Um but I met him in a literature class actually because I, even though I'm, you know, a stem major, I've really taking advantage of all the electives that I can, uh, fit in that aren't like that because I think it's well, it's good to focus on um, science and really intensively dedicate myself to my study. Um, I feel like I actually perform better and do better when I have a little bit of variation in my life and when it's not just going from like one cellular systems close to another. So this is some spots and another, you know what I mean? Um, but actually it's really cool what you were saying because uh, actually a lot of like the complications with believe it or not, a lot of the complications with my, with my parents related to my boyfriend right now is exactly what you're talking about. He comes from a cult background and is extremely against organized religion now because of it. But he has a personal relationship with God. Um like in a way where like I'm completely comfortable with him, I don't feel like, like a lot of times when my, when my parents, my parents are concerned because you know, he doesn't go to church and they're like, okay, well is he actually a christian? Like are you, are you unevenly yoking yourself to this person by being with this person says they aren't actually like participating, but like I feel like he doesn't need to do that. Like he has bad bad memories and bad experiences with that stuff and like honestly, like it's probably better for him to not be there right now considering like where he's been, I feel like if we can have good spiritual conversations, like I'm good to go, like I don't want to be in his up in his spiritual life business any more than like I I don't know, I just feel like I shouldn't be like all over him in the way that my parents kind of uh huh I guess the way that my parents kind of think of it naturally, so it's really cool to hear you say that because I wasn't aware that there were that many people, like in your generation, that also felt that way, I kind of thought it was more of a younger person thing.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, thank you for the advice, it's been really good to hear from you about this. Honestly, I it's it's kind of refreshing to talk to somebody who's like my parents age, but who is who has kind of a different who's landed somewhere different on the spectrum. Um because my parents kind of have their stance and the people that they surround themselves with have pretty much the exact same stance. Um and so yeah, I mean, honestly, this has been, this has been awesome, Thank you so much for speaking to me about this. I think it's um I think it's really key. And honestly, it's one of the things that I love the most about God, like how personal the relationship can be between an individual and hand. You know what I mean? And so, yeah, I mean, I honestly, I feel like it's really cool, but like, uh that he's able to reach out to, you know, like he talks to the bible about reaching out to birds and, and like, you know, speaking through mules and stuff, like he's he's way bigger than like well if you don't go to this church I'm not sure, you know what I mean? Um And so I think it's really cool that you've kind of independently like come to this understanding with a lot of other ladies too and the U. S. Are just around generally. Um Yeah. Well it's been awesome to meet you. Yeah for sure. Sorry I can't hear you right now.
Thank
you.
But also
Thank
you.