SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm hmm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Pretty good. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad, can't complain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm happy.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Brandon, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good to meet you. Where you from?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Originally kind of all over my wife and I moved from Arizona up to colorado in november. Um We're in colorado right now. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: huh. I'm in Raleigh north Carolina but
SPEAKER_R: help
SPEAKER_L: I'm also
SPEAKER_R: me up,
SPEAKER_L: kind of a nomad. That's really funny. Uh
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: And all over up and down the east Coast. So
SPEAKER_R: where are you originally from? Uh rally?
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm actually originally from Charlottesville. Yeah. So I grew up there and then moved to new york, moved to D. C. Uh Cash, where else? Uh Williamsburg Virginia for a little bit Richmond Raleigh. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I'm originally from Hartford um and then moved down to florida when I was probably 13 or 14, lived there for a couple of years and then for the most part lived in Arizona most of my life since I was like 15 or 16 and just recently moved up to colorado. So
SPEAKER_L: And I see what brought on the move.
SPEAKER_R: um in october, I hated my job with a passion. Um and one day just I had been in a miserable mood for a long time and my wife is like, okay, you're done, you're quitting your job, we'll figure out where we go from here. Uh and then I got a job offer with S you and then I got a job offer out here in colorado and I was like, no, I no, no wife, no kids, no, no house. Um, so we decided to come up here and check it out and done that for about the last year, year and a half and I think we actually might move back down to Arizona once our our lease is up. Yeah, beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: going back home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's beautiful here. She's very, very expensive and I think you're getting a house and all of that houses are incredibly expensive, that hair. So and then unfortunately I was laid off a couple months ago, so I always burning,
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: so hopefully in the next week or two will be starting a new position and uh, it's 100% remote so Canada real, wherever we want at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what is it that you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm mostly in the business side of software development. Um I worked specifically
SPEAKER_L: There we go.
SPEAKER_R: with Salesforce. I'm not sure if you're familiar with it or not, but I've done that for the last few years. I actually just accepted an offer with Dell to help on their federal federal side of things. So it
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: will very interesting, very new to uh what I've done in the past, so, but
SPEAKER_L: Salesforce is definitely something that, so I'm a C. P. A. And I actually do financial statement audits for public clients. And Salesforce dot com is like unknown thing. Whenever you're going to like any client, it's like all right, they're gonna have Salesforce because it's just so huge. It's just so robust at this point that everybody is like yeah that that's the one you want to go with, Its perfect for just about anybody's needs, you know? So it's a great space to go into.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've been really fortunate to, I kind of fell into uh project managing sales force and then it's just kind of taken off from there, so yeah, I mean they they hire something like 500 or 600,000 people per year at least the space, not Salesforce directly, but all the jobs influenced by it, uh contractors and consultants and developers and, you know, kind of everyone within that space, Salesforce is just massive at this point, so it's a good space to be
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I would love to learn some of that stuff. Of course on my side, I just understand what they do with whatever they've got and then I'm just like okay cool. But I couldn't use it if I tried to put it in front of me and I've been staring at, you know, certain software like four years and I'm like, I don't even know how to post anything. Uh Sharon can you come help because I don't know how this works. Um That's actually really find that you're starting a new job because I am as well.
SPEAKER_R: Operations
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so my company back when this Covid thing started um we're one of the big four Republic accounting firms. If you've heard of any of those guys um They pride themselves on not laying people off and they're like a great training ground but they really under pay you. Uh.
SPEAKER_R: You experience but not the day.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah definitely and they're like oh you get paid in prestige and when you leave you know the clients will love you and it is kind of true. Um But when Covid started um they were talking layoffs and when I moved from our D. C. Office down to our rally office they let me keep my compensation which was much higher than anybody else down here. And
SPEAKER_R: it easier?
SPEAKER_L: then.
SPEAKER_R: Is expensive?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah oh shit and then they also let me D. C. I had signed a bonus saying that they would pay me a good chunk of money if I stayed for three years. And so Riley kind of assumed that when I moved down here and uh they were looking for people to lay off and to save money and they were like you so I'm actually still employed but I haven't really done much in the past three months, I've just been sitting around and they kind of hey we got a client that could use help for a week, go over there. But then I sit around for another two weeks. But I finally got a new job which is funny because the company I work for is on the fifth floor of this building and the company I'm going to work for is on the sixth floor of this building. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Workers as you go up the elevator.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah truly and a couple of people who work at the company I work for had gone to work for them and one of them actually happened to interview me. He was like oh you're going from hell up to heaven that's going to be nice. And I was like oh jesus like so yeah um Two
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: weeks from
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: Well, congratulations. I was going to ask how long two weeks,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so two weeks starting the 17th and uh it seems like I'm going to a good team good client. Well I should say good company
SPEAKER_R: that's the problem
SPEAKER_L: Pretty excited and uh
SPEAKER_R: oddly enough, I'm supposed to start on the 17th as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right it's gonna be a good day around the world I can see it mm. So actually when I um you talked about like the price of housing that's why I moved from D. C. Down to Raleigh as I was looking at houses in D. C. And I came home for christmas and I was talking with my parents and I'm like yeah you know really? I'm not thrilled with the housing market. Like I found this house that I'm considering it's about a half a million dollar house. It's got a $700 H. O. A. Fee. It
SPEAKER_R: Ouch
SPEAKER_L: needed a new H. Back system and the roof needed to be replaced. And
SPEAKER_R: All very Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah and I'm sitting there as I'm saying it aloud to my parents I'm like what the fuck am I doing everything? I just said sounds stupid. It's like saying like yeah I work at a gas station but because I work at a gas station I should drive a Ferrari
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: you know but that Ferrari is actually like a Pontiac fiero.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: so I thought about it like it's just dumb. So I put in for a transfer and they ended up like accepting it and normally at my company it takes like 12 months to transfer anywhere because the spots got to open and in two months they accepted it. And I was kind of like well am I doing this then? Like I I wasn't expecting us to come through and not even that fast like I guess here we go.
SPEAKER_R: So how long ago was that? How long have you lived in a rally from D. C. Oh
SPEAKER_L: 2018. So coming
SPEAKER_R: He actually
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: moved,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. My my old boss actually moved out to Raleigh. Um So and he loves it out there. It looks beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's it's awesome. I
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: my parents um live 45 minutes from here for a long time probably eight years. And I had just graduated high school so I wasn't going with them. But when they finally decided to move to rally um you know being here a bigger city I came and visited and I was like this is where I want to be. So
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I took a couple of years but finally made it happen.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So uh now I'm trying to buy a house here and I'm like oh my God these are like D. C. Prices like I should have moved down here a couple of years ago. What happens that house was $200,000 and now it's like a $400,000 house
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: and have
SPEAKER_R: We've
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: we've lived in the market out here in colorado and it's like house was built in the 19 fifties, you probably have to replace everything $400,000. And it's like where do you come up with these numbers? Even Arizona was getting everyone coming in from California because California, you know you're spending 5 to $600,000 a house, you're spending $2500 on an apartment rent that it's a one bedroom or like a studio apartment. Uh So even that housing and Arizona started to go up quite a bit but it's still a lot cheaper than than what it is out here. So
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I can imagine cheese. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: everything very very very pricey right now and I feel like no matter where you go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah truly I'm like I I could move somewhat out of the Raleigh area but still be within it and even those like looking at a house out there, it's just so expensive and I just can't I can't bring myself to like start the process because I'm just like dang it, I didn't want to spend that much. That was the point of coming down here like uh but.
SPEAKER_R: well I mean really great right now. Although housing price, it's my my dad's girlfriend is a real letters and she keeps you know by house now by house now, rates are the best they've ever been there, practically paying people to buy houses. And it's like still struggled with that because it's like well the housing market is still so high. I mean you're going to get a great rate for your pain, you know way more than what you probably should be for. You know whatever house. So it's like my wife and I have been going back and forth with that trying to figure out where we're going to go. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I need to decide that soon here. Um It's been 2.5 years I wanted to buy when I first moved down here and I'll just keep putting it off and it's time
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you know I'm just like no I would have pain in the ass to go around and look at things and then you put in an offer and they're like oh they accepted somebody else's, oh they have an offer yesterday they decided to take and you're like I have to basically get a realtor to get me on the pre market in order to be on the market like
SPEAKER_R: Over an old,
SPEAKER_L: this is stupid.
SPEAKER_R: my body is going through that right now. Him and his wife out in Colorado here just ended up buying a house and we saw them yesterday was her birthday and I was like how's everything going? And he's like I hate every aspect about this. He's like because they've already got their offer accepted but paperwork and just the constant back and forth and um we we get a lot of hail out here so he's like the A. C. Unit same time with you. He's like it looks like he took shotgun to it from
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: all the hair and their dog ended up ripping all of like the metal off around it and the owner, the current owners like I'm not replacing that, that's not my
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: that's not my deal and it's like wow okay negotiating here so let's kind of figure out where we go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right well then take 15 off the price. I'll happily call somebody and have them come install a new one. But uh you
SPEAKER_R: I'm not taking
SPEAKER_L: gotta help me out. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she's yeah it's uh hoping to do something soon here. Just kind of like in between whether I want to build or whether I want to actually buy something because the things out here that you can actually buy are kind of that same idea, whether a little bit older, they're gonna need work in five years or like you look at the kitchen and you're like who the hell designed this? It's like I got to tear it all out if I got to tear it all out, like do I just buy a piece of land and just know that I've got an expensive piece of land and then build a build on it. I don't know, it's just too many ifs and buts and how much and too
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: many moving parts.
SPEAKER_R: it's fun being adults sometimes isn't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: just going to say they never tell you that this is going to be such a pain in the ass. You know?
SPEAKER_R: Because,
SPEAKER_L: Two people fell in love 34 years ago and now I gotta pay bills. Great. Thanks mom and dad. Damn it. Mhm. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's my wife that I thought yeah we we we didn't decide any of this and now we have to make decisions, returns have a covid been out and.
SPEAKER_L: Well, uh of course we're one of the famous quarantine states in the south, where it's like we opened up our economy and then it quickly saw our numbers shoot up. Um The governor doesn't seem to really want to do anything about it at the moment, so the nice thing is that I live in an area that seems to I say this, but then again, I mean all of them kind of since we're such a central city, everybody drives to us from like the more rural areas, but mostly everybody wears masks. Uh they mandated that have to wear a mask. Some people don't um if you kind of go out into the suburbs and a little bit further out of Raleigh, people just don't wear masks anywhere, they just don't care. Um My job interestingly enough beforehand, uh I did a lot of travel, like 100% travel with these guys and ever since March 16th 17th. Uh There is no travel whatsoever even though I have a client. Um Well if I was going to stay with you, I have a client
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that was going to go into a busy season when they actually closed out their year end um at the end of the month actually, and they were already asking for me to travel up there, so apparently Kentucky does not care about covid or travel there like get up here. Um But it I guess staying in my house hasn't been too too bad. It's more of when I go out trying to gauge where I'm going and are people going to be wearing masks? Are they going to take it seriously and stuff like that? But um definitely boring. I have hit the end of netflix, I have binge watched every show. Uh I wish it would end, but unfortunately, especially in my state, it seems like it's going to be here for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's the that's the one thing about colorado that governor here shut things down real quick and then we did kind of like a soft reopen and then every every state around us just became completely red. Um and then so he kind of shut everything back down so like bars and things are still open um meant masters are mandated no matter where you're at in the state. Um But things are like kind of that half open at this point I found out here that everyone is really good about just respecting everything and and whether you think it's a hoax or whether the real everyone's been pretty good about following kind of belittles my wife and I went back down to Arizona last weekend um for her nieces first birthday, so we really only saw real small group of friends, um rural small group of family and that was it. But yeah, florida florida Arizona just seems awful about it's like 50 50 whether um whether people are keeping their distance and doing their masks and then my dad's kind of one of the this is all fake and the numbers are warmed up and it's like, it doesn't I don't care what your thoughts are on it and and maybe it's untrue. Maybe, I don't know, there's so much, so much propaganda that goes on nowadays and no matter what side quote unquote, you're on just where just where I'm at. It's a lot. All right.
SPEAKER_L: and it hurts nobody, you know, I'd just rather be safe than find out that oh shit, I made a wrong decision somewhere in there, I learned something wrong and
SPEAKER_R: And that's where my wife and I was like, yeah, it sucks. We're bored where this is awful. I mean granted we we have the parks and you know the outdoors that we can do here. But it's like we moved at the worst time. So it's like we moved here and then like two months later, she finally got a job out here. So we were a little more lax on spending money and like, okay, let's go out. It's what city and go see what's around here and then and then everything got shut down. So it's like we moved out here and have been able to see like 2%. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Hey, at least you had six months of just trying to imagine what it looks like out there and it's kind of kept the experience new. It's so funny. Yeah, it's uh it's kind of a different world and what's interesting is that the company I currently work for keeps doing a lot of like one on one conversations almost like this with the partners, you know, people at the top who actually owned the book of business and they keep asking us like, you know, how is working from home and how do you feel about
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: all this? Um when we come back to the office, uh they had a rule that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: was, you are there five times five days a week in the office, you're not allowed to work from home, unless there's like an extenuating circumstance, even if like you have no work, you still go to the office kind of thing. And they were like, well, you know, we're kind of reimagining the office and what do you think about, would you want to come back in the office five days a week, would you rather work from home? Um and I guess a lot, you know, since it's a lot of young people, a lot of millennials who are like, yeah, I want to work from home, I can do my laundry, I can take a shower during lunch break, I can go down to the gym at the apartment complex. You know, I can do a lot of stuff from home. Um It sounds like they are considering letting go of some office
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: space and uh trying to reduce the size by saying like hey you know, we've only got 60% of our people coming in each day, so what do we care? Um So it's like even businesses re imagine what they're going to look like and from
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: what I
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: understand they torn apart the office to make sure that the cubes are all six ft apart
SPEAKER_R: Trip.
SPEAKER_L: and it's like I can't wait to see this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's what I was talking to my my dad's girlfriend last week when we were down there again. She's in real estate and and uh we were talking about that and it's going to be really interesting to see the amount of businesses that I've worked for that were absolutely no. You know, if you're working remote then you're not doing anything. Um you're not actually working or anything. It's like, no, I actually do, I personally like remote that that would really well for me, and and if I had the option, I mean, I don't have the option with this job, but if I had the option to go in for a couple couple times, you know, even if it's just a couple hours, go see face to face, like I find that invaluable, but um it's gonna be really interesting to see how many businesses really and exactly what you said, start downsizing office space and saving money
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: there and kind of doing it well if you want to come in, um you know, maybe you don't have a dedicated work space, you don't have your cubicle anymore, but you come in and you take the first one that you see, especially if you have kids or you don't have a dedicated workspace at home. Um and then see how many people actually just love work and remote and then just continue to do it. Um It's awful if you've made your living in commercial real estate your problem if you will and then it is but
SPEAKER_L: hopefully they've made their profits because it might be some hard times.
SPEAKER_R: so what's your personal opinion if you had to work remote 100% or going office 100% or kind of a mix between the boat what would what works best for you?
SPEAKER_L: It's interesting. I'm going to give both answers because at least in my last job you just work so many hours um Even like on the weekends and when you have a team and they're constantly coming in and bothering you and asking questions and they're like, hey I don't know how to do this and you got to coach them how to do all these things, you never get your own work done, you're too busy helping everybody else with theirs. So I was like for me, like two days out of the office gives me two days to actually get my 40 hours worth of work done and then when I'm actually in the office I can help all my other staff and take more time with them rather than feeling stress and pressure to be like all right, I'm gonna give you 40% of the picture. You got to figure out the other 60% of your own have a good day, you know? All right, next because that's really what it feels like. Um But I think now that I'm going back and working for an actual company as opposed to you know, consultancy clients, type stuff. I think being in office is gonna be great to meet everybody
SPEAKER_R: Almost.
SPEAKER_L: and learn about the company and figure out how things work and now that I'm going to be, I think they said there's like 48 people in finance and accounting. So I can only imagine that I'll be kind of moving across silos within us um learning how all the other stuff works at this company. So I'm just kind of thinking like being in the office would really, really help me to learn everybody and what they do and I can kind of pop in and ask Janet in accounting, Janet, how does this work? Um and I can learn things but I'm sure at some point that answer will change once I've learned everybody and learned who I like and I'm like um you know just be like I want to work from home now and get my work done, but I think at the moment I'm kind of like uh this is gonna be weird because I'm gonna be doing a lot of conference calls with people, you know, meeting them for the first time and trying to figure out what they're doing and learn, you know through this kind of medium. And I think that's gonna be a little difficult because I'm definitely like a drawer, I always have a white board near me or my ipad to kind of sketch out what I'm looking at and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: not going to have that
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: now,
SPEAKER_R: inside
SPEAKER_L: so I'm like uh what do I do here? Uh I think I'm gonna spend my evenings just trying to figure out how how to teach myself what I was taught during the day, and but we'll see it's going to be interesting, and actually, I guess you're gonna kind of go through that as well, but you're 100% remote.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's and I've worked I've I've worked with a lot of remote client stone the consultant consultant as well. So working with clients all over the US um and always worked with their remote have met 1% of the you know the clients that have worked. But I've always at least have that face to face in the beginning with who I actually worked with in my actual company. So it's going to be, it will be interesting to see how not meeting face to face with the people that actually work with is going to go. Um I guess the good thing is that I have right I'll call him too big bosses I think that one big boss and then a guy that's kind of he's been at the company for like 20 years but I'll be working side by side by side with him um And then the rest is offshore development teams. So I mean I don't think meeting two people face to face would really change much at this point. Um But I don't know it's gonna be it's gonna be interesting no matter what it will be a change.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, it's uh I'm nervous about it, but at the same time I'm like, you know what, I've been through Stranger crap, um we'll figure it out. Um I'm more interested in like, hey, are you guys gonna give me an allowance to go and get a bunch of stuff for my house to have a house office? Um I tried negotiating that and they said that they wouldn't put in an offer letter, but they would do something and I don't know what something means. So
SPEAKER_R: sending
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: like all
SPEAKER_R: are in the mouth.
SPEAKER_L: this equipment, yeah, I'm like all this equipment that I've got from my current company is not gonna go away. And I'm like, am I going to get a external monitor? I mean, I know you'll give me a laptop, like what is what is this going to look like? And I want to go buy some fun stuff. Like give me 1000 bucks. I want like a standing desk. I want like an O LED monitor. I want uh you know the newest ipad and like the ipad pencil and the magic keyboard and what other crap cannot come up with. I mean, I could probably spend a good 2500 of them get Herman miller
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: office chair. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I can get Herman miller, I'd be in heaven.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I spent $2600 on a chair. It's fine. It's fine. You know you're a big company, you can handle it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think the interesting to see if somebody's go more remote if if those are kind of turned into standard packages of you know, we'll we'll give you here's exactly what your home office is going to look like. Here's what we'll provide. You know, maybe if you need something outside of that you need the chair or something we'll give you 50% of it up, you know, up to a certain amount. Mhm. I don't know, it's gonna be, I think I think Covid has changed the workforce at this point and it's going to be interesting to see how that adapts over the next next few years or 10 years going to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I need somebody to replace the stupid I. K. A chair that I've got. I always just like had this in my house, in my dorm room and stuff. It's just like a cheap chair for somebody to sit in. I was like, 12 bucks. Don't. I didn't realize it's gonna become my office chair. Like this thing is uncomfortable. Uh I was like, can I go to the office is still one of the office chairs. Like nobody's using them clearly. And they're like, no, they're $1200 chairs. We really, you know, we know they're going to go missing if we do this. I was like, well, shit, why don't I just go take it and then ask
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: for forgiveness later. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe I should go do that now. I mean, my badge still works.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Who knew what happened to the chair about? Haven't been home the whole time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. There was a camera that saw me, but I promise you that wasn't me. Somebody stole my credentials and we got that thing. And they only wanted the chair. They don't want any of the technology in there. They just wanted a chair.
SPEAKER_R: I had to do that in the beginning. I had one of the same thing that there's a little cheap cheap office shares that cost like 20 bucks that you get from Target or wherever and I ended up throwing that out and I spent a couple 100 bucks on amazon chair to get sent in and it's been a lifesaver.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I need to do that. I was thinking about getting one of those little purple um the purple mattress seat cushions. And I was like, if I hate this thing, that's like 60 bucks, that's almost half of an actual good chair. She's well, I'll tell you what, I think we've hit our time here. Brandon.
SPEAKER_R: I actually just about to say the same thing but and I'm sorry I'm awful with names. Your name one more time.
SPEAKER_L: Matthew.
SPEAKER_R: Matthew Brandon. It was really nice to meet you actually enjoyed
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Great to meet you as well. And good luck on the 17th.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. As well. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take it easy,
SPEAKER_R: All right. You as well have it going.