Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm hmm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Pretty good. Pretty good. How about you?
Yeah, I'm happy.
Yeah. Good to meet you. Where you from?
huh. I'm in Raleigh north Carolina but
I'm also
kind of a nomad. That's really funny. Uh
And all over up and down the east Coast. So
I'm I'm actually originally from Charlottesville. Yeah. So I grew up there and then moved to new york, moved to D. C. Uh Cash, where else? Uh Williamsburg Virginia for a little bit Richmond Raleigh. So yeah.
And I see what brought on the move.
going back home.
gosh.
Yeah. So what is it that you do?
There we go.
very
Salesforce is definitely something that, so I'm a C. P. A. And I actually do financial statement audits for public clients. And Salesforce dot com is like unknown thing. Whenever you're going to like any client, it's like all right, they're gonna have Salesforce because it's just so huge. It's just so robust at this point that everybody is like yeah that that's the one you want to go with, Its perfect for just about anybody's needs, you know? So it's a great space to go into.
Oh yeah. I would love to learn some of that stuff. Of course on my side, I just understand what they do with whatever they've got and then I'm just like okay cool. But I couldn't use it if I tried to put it in front of me and I've been staring at, you know, certain software like four years and I'm like, I don't even know how to post anything. Uh Sharon can you come help because I don't know how this works. Um That's actually really find that you're starting a new job because I am as well.
Yeah so my company back when this Covid thing started um we're one of the big four Republic accounting firms. If you've heard of any of those guys um They pride themselves on not laying people off and they're like a great training ground but they really under pay you. Uh.
Oh yeah definitely and they're like oh you get paid in prestige and when you leave you know the clients will love you and it is kind of true. Um But when Covid started um they were talking layoffs and when I moved from our D. C. Office down to our rally office they let me keep my compensation which was much higher than anybody else down here. And
then.
Oh yeah oh shit and then they also let me D. C. I had signed a bonus saying that they would pay me a good chunk of money if I stayed for three years. And so Riley kind of assumed that when I moved down here and uh they were looking for people to lay off and to save money and they were like you so I'm actually still employed but I haven't really done much in the past three months, I've just been sitting around and they kind of hey we got a client that could use help for a week, go over there. But then I sit around for another two weeks. But I finally got a new job which is funny because the company I work for is on the fifth floor of this building and the company I'm going to work for is on the sixth floor of this building. Um
Yeah truly and a couple of people who work at the company I work for had gone to work for them and one of them actually happened to interview me. He was like oh you're going from hell up to heaven that's going to be nice. And I was like oh jesus like so yeah um Two
weeks from
now
Yeah so two weeks starting the 17th and uh it seems like I'm going to a good team good client. Well I should say good company
Pretty excited and uh
All right it's gonna be a good day around the world I can see it mm. So actually when I um you talked about like the price of housing that's why I moved from D. C. Down to Raleigh as I was looking at houses in D. C. And I came home for christmas and I was talking with my parents and I'm like yeah you know really? I'm not thrilled with the housing market. Like I found this house that I'm considering it's about a half a million dollar house. It's got a $700 H. O. A. Fee. It
needed a new H. Back system and the roof needed to be replaced. And
oh yeah and I'm sitting there as I'm saying it aloud to my parents I'm like what the fuck am I doing everything? I just said sounds stupid. It's like saying like yeah I work at a gas station but because I work at a gas station I should drive a Ferrari
you know but that Ferrari is actually like a Pontiac fiero.
And
so I thought about it like it's just dumb. So I put in for a transfer and they ended up like accepting it and normally at my company it takes like 12 months to transfer anywhere because the spots got to open and in two months they accepted it. And I was kind of like well am I doing this then? Like I I wasn't expecting us to come through and not even that fast like I guess here we go.
2018. So coming
up
on.
Oh it's it's awesome. I
my parents um live 45 minutes from here for a long time probably eight years. And I had just graduated high school so I wasn't going with them. But when they finally decided to move to rally um you know being here a bigger city I came and visited and I was like this is where I want to be. So
yeah I took a couple of years but finally made it happen.
So uh now I'm trying to buy a house here and I'm like oh my God these are like D. C. Prices like I should have moved down here a couple of years ago. What happens that house was $200,000 and now it's like a $400,000 house
and have
to.
Uh Yeah I can imagine cheese. Uh huh.
Yeah truly I'm like I I could move somewhat out of the Raleigh area but still be within it and even those like looking at a house out there, it's just so expensive and I just can't I can't bring myself to like start the process because I'm just like dang it, I didn't want to spend that much. That was the point of coming down here like uh but.
Yeah. Yeah I need to decide that soon here. Um It's been 2.5 years I wanted to buy when I first moved down here and I'll just keep putting it off and it's time
you know I'm just like no I would have pain in the ass to go around and look at things and then you put in an offer and they're like oh they accepted somebody else's, oh they have an offer yesterday they decided to take and you're like I have to basically get a realtor to get me on the pre market in order to be on the market like
this is stupid.
All
work.
Yeah. All right well then take 15 off the price. I'll happily call somebody and have them come install a new one. But uh you
gotta help me out. Yeah
she's yeah it's uh hoping to do something soon here. Just kind of like in between whether I want to build or whether I want to actually buy something because the things out here that you can actually buy are kind of that same idea, whether a little bit older, they're gonna need work in five years or like you look at the kitchen and you're like who the hell designed this? It's like I got to tear it all out if I got to tear it all out, like do I just buy a piece of land and just know that I've got an expensive piece of land and then build a build on it. I don't know, it's just too many ifs and buts and how much and too
many moving parts.
it's
just going to say they never tell you that this is going to be such a pain in the ass. You know?
Two people fell in love 34 years ago and now I gotta pay bills. Great. Thanks mom and dad. Damn it. Mhm. So. Yeah.
Well, uh of course we're one of the famous quarantine states in the south, where it's like we opened up our economy and then it quickly saw our numbers shoot up. Um The governor doesn't seem to really want to do anything about it at the moment, so the nice thing is that I live in an area that seems to I say this, but then again, I mean all of them kind of since we're such a central city, everybody drives to us from like the more rural areas, but mostly everybody wears masks. Uh they mandated that have to wear a mask. Some people don't um if you kind of go out into the suburbs and a little bit further out of Raleigh, people just don't wear masks anywhere, they just don't care. Um My job interestingly enough beforehand, uh I did a lot of travel, like 100% travel with these guys and ever since March 16th 17th. Uh There is no travel whatsoever even though I have a client. Um Well if I was going to stay with you, I have a client
that was going to go into a busy season when they actually closed out their year end um at the end of the month actually, and they were already asking for me to travel up there, so apparently Kentucky does not care about covid or travel there like get up here. Um But it I guess staying in my house hasn't been too too bad. It's more of when I go out trying to gauge where I'm going and are people going to be wearing masks? Are they going to take it seriously and stuff like that? But um definitely boring. I have hit the end of netflix, I have binge watched every show. Uh I wish it would end, but unfortunately, especially in my state, it seems like it's going to be here for a while.
and it hurts nobody, you know, I'd just rather be safe than find out that oh shit, I made a wrong decision somewhere in there, I learned something wrong and
Hey, at least you had six months of just trying to imagine what it looks like out there and it's kind of kept the experience new. It's so funny. Yeah, it's uh it's kind of a different world and what's interesting is that the company I currently work for keeps doing a lot of like one on one conversations almost like this with the partners, you know, people at the top who actually owned the book of business and they keep asking us like, you know, how is working from home and how do you feel about
all this? Um when we come back to the office, uh they had a rule that
was, you are there five times five days a week in the office, you're not allowed to work from home, unless there's like an extenuating circumstance, even if like you have no work, you still go to the office kind of thing. And they were like, well, you know, we're kind of reimagining the office and what do you think about, would you want to come back in the office five days a week, would you rather work from home? Um and I guess a lot, you know, since it's a lot of young people, a lot of millennials who are like, yeah, I want to work from home, I can do my laundry, I can take a shower during lunch break, I can go down to the gym at the apartment complex. You know, I can do a lot of stuff from home. Um It sounds like they are considering letting go of some office
space and uh trying to reduce the size by saying like hey you know, we've only got 60% of our people coming in each day, so what do we care? Um So it's like even businesses re imagine what they're going to look like and from
what I
understand they torn apart the office to make sure that the cubes are all six ft apart
and it's like I can't wait to see this.
No.
hopefully they've made their profits because it might be some hard times.
It's interesting. I'm going to give both answers because at least in my last job you just work so many hours um Even like on the weekends and when you have a team and they're constantly coming in and bothering you and asking questions and they're like, hey I don't know how to do this and you got to coach them how to do all these things, you never get your own work done, you're too busy helping everybody else with theirs. So I was like for me, like two days out of the office gives me two days to actually get my 40 hours worth of work done and then when I'm actually in the office I can help all my other staff and take more time with them rather than feeling stress and pressure to be like all right, I'm gonna give you 40% of the picture. You got to figure out the other 60% of your own have a good day, you know? All right, next because that's really what it feels like. Um But I think now that I'm going back and working for an actual company as opposed to you know, consultancy clients, type stuff. I think being in office is gonna be great to meet everybody
and learn about the company and figure out how things work and now that I'm going to be, I think they said there's like 48 people in finance and accounting. So I can only imagine that I'll be kind of moving across silos within us um learning how all the other stuff works at this company. So I'm just kind of thinking like being in the office would really, really help me to learn everybody and what they do and I can kind of pop in and ask Janet in accounting, Janet, how does this work? Um and I can learn things but I'm sure at some point that answer will change once I've learned everybody and learned who I like and I'm like um you know just be like I want to work from home now and get my work done, but I think at the moment I'm kind of like uh this is gonna be weird because I'm gonna be doing a lot of conference calls with people, you know, meeting them for the first time and trying to figure out what they're doing and learn, you know through this kind of medium. And I think that's gonna be a little difficult because I'm definitely like a drawer, I always have a white board near me or my ipad to kind of sketch out what I'm looking at and
I'm
not going to have that
now,
so I'm like uh what do I do here? Uh I think I'm gonna spend my evenings just trying to figure out how how to teach myself what I was taught during the day, and but we'll see it's going to be interesting, and actually, I guess you're gonna kind of go through that as well, but you're 100% remote.
Yeah, yeah, it's uh I'm nervous about it, but at the same time I'm like, you know what, I've been through Stranger crap, um we'll figure it out. Um I'm more interested in like, hey, are you guys gonna give me an allowance to go and get a bunch of stuff for my house to have a house office? Um I tried negotiating that and they said that they wouldn't put in an offer letter, but they would do something and I don't know what something means. So
I'm
like all
this equipment, yeah, I'm like all this equipment that I've got from my current company is not gonna go away. And I'm like, am I going to get a external monitor? I mean, I know you'll give me a laptop, like what is what is this going to look like? And I want to go buy some fun stuff. Like give me 1000 bucks. I want like a standing desk. I want like an O LED monitor. I want uh you know the newest ipad and like the ipad pencil and the magic keyboard and what other crap cannot come up with. I mean, I could probably spend a good 2500 of them get Herman miller
office chair. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. I spent $2600 on a chair. It's fine. It's fine. You know you're a big company, you can handle it. Yeah.
Yeah. I need somebody to replace the stupid I. K. A chair that I've got. I always just like had this in my house, in my dorm room and stuff. It's just like a cheap chair for somebody to sit in. I was like, 12 bucks. Don't. I didn't realize it's gonna become my office chair. Like this thing is uncomfortable. Uh I was like, can I go to the office is still one of the office chairs. Like nobody's using them clearly. And they're like, no, they're $1200 chairs. We really, you know, we know they're going to go missing if we do this. I was like, well, shit, why don't I just go take it and then ask
for forgiveness later. Um
Maybe I should go do that now. I mean, my badge still works.
Yeah. I know. There was a camera that saw me, but I promise you that wasn't me. Somebody stole my credentials and we got that thing. And they only wanted the chair. They don't want any of the technology in there. They just wanted a chair.
Yeah. I need to do that. I was thinking about getting one of those little purple um the purple mattress seat cushions. And I was like, if I hate this thing, that's like 60 bucks, that's almost half of an actual good chair. She's well, I'll tell you what, I think we've hit our time here. Brandon.
Matthew.
Yeah. Great to meet you as well. And good luck on the 17th.
All right. Take it easy,