Hey, how's it going?
Not too bad, can't complain.
I'm Brandon, nice to meet you.
Uh Originally kind of all over my wife and I moved from Arizona up to colorado in november. Um We're in colorado right now. How about you?
help
me up,
get
where are you originally from? Uh rally?
Yeah, yeah, I'm originally from Hartford um and then moved down to florida when I was probably 13 or 14, lived there for a couple of years and then for the most part lived in Arizona most of my life since I was like 15 or 16 and just recently moved up to colorado. So
um in october, I hated my job with a passion. Um and one day just I had been in a miserable mood for a long time and my wife is like, okay, you're done, you're quitting your job, we'll figure out where we go from here. Uh and then I got a job offer with S you and then I got a job offer out here in colorado and I was like, no, I no, no wife, no kids, no, no house. Um, so we decided to come up here and check it out and done that for about the last year, year and a half and I think we actually might move back down to Arizona once our our lease is up. Yeah, beautiful.
Yeah, it's beautiful here. She's very, very expensive and I think you're getting a house and all of that houses are incredibly expensive, that hair. So and then unfortunately I was laid off a couple months ago, so I always burning,
so hopefully in the next week or two will be starting a new position and uh, it's 100% remote so Canada real, wherever we want at this point.
Um I'm mostly in the business side of software development. Um I worked specifically
with Salesforce. I'm not sure if you're familiar with it or not, but I've done that for the last few years. I actually just accepted an offer with Dell to help on their federal federal side of things. So it
will very interesting, very new to uh what I've done in the past, so, but
yeah, I've been really fortunate to, I kind of fell into uh project managing sales force and then it's just kind of taken off from there, so yeah, I mean they they hire something like 500 or 600,000 people per year at least the space, not Salesforce directly, but all the jobs influenced by it, uh contractors and consultants and developers and, you know, kind of everyone within that space, Salesforce is just massive at this point, so it's a good space to be
Operations
You experience but not the day.
it easier?
Is expensive?
Yeah. Workers as you go up the elevator.
That's
all.
Well, congratulations. I was going to ask how long two weeks,
that's the problem
oddly enough, I'm supposed to start on the 17th as well. Yeah.
Ouch
All very Mhm.
He
well
it
So how long ago was that? How long have you lived in a rally from D. C. Oh
He actually
moved,
yeah. My my old boss actually moved out to Raleigh. Um So and he loves it out there. It looks beautiful.
There.
That's awesome.
What?
I know.
We've
we've lived in the market out here in colorado and it's like house was built in the 19 fifties, you probably have to replace everything $400,000. And it's like where do you come up with these numbers? Even Arizona was getting everyone coming in from California because California, you know you're spending 5 to $600,000 a house, you're spending $2500 on an apartment rent that it's a one bedroom or like a studio apartment. Uh So even that housing and Arizona started to go up quite a bit but it's still a lot cheaper than than what it is out here. So
everything very very very pricey right now and I feel like no matter where you go.
well I mean really great right now. Although housing price, it's my my dad's girlfriend is a real letters and she keeps you know by house now by house now, rates are the best they've ever been there, practically paying people to buy houses. And it's like still struggled with that because it's like well the housing market is still so high. I mean you're going to get a great rate for your pain, you know way more than what you probably should be for. You know whatever house. So it's like my wife and I have been going back and forth with that trying to figure out where we're going to go. So
thank you.
Over an old,
my body is going through that right now. Him and his wife out in Colorado here just ended up buying a house and we saw them yesterday was her birthday and I was like how's everything going? And he's like I hate every aspect about this. He's like because they've already got their offer accepted but paperwork and just the constant back and forth and um we we get a lot of hail out here so he's like the A. C. Unit same time with you. He's like it looks like he took shotgun to it from
all the hair and their dog ended up ripping all of like the metal off around it and the owner, the current owners like I'm not replacing that, that's not my
that's not my deal and it's like wow okay negotiating here so let's kind of figure out where we go.
I'm not taking
Yeah.
So
it's fun being adults sometimes isn't
it?
Because,
That's my wife that I thought yeah we we we didn't decide any of this and now we have to make decisions, returns have a covid been out and.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's the that's the one thing about colorado that governor here shut things down real quick and then we did kind of like a soft reopen and then every every state around us just became completely red. Um and then so he kind of shut everything back down so like bars and things are still open um meant masters are mandated no matter where you're at in the state. Um But things are like kind of that half open at this point I found out here that everyone is really good about just respecting everything and and whether you think it's a hoax or whether the real everyone's been pretty good about following kind of belittles my wife and I went back down to Arizona last weekend um for her nieces first birthday, so we really only saw real small group of friends, um rural small group of family and that was it. But yeah, florida florida Arizona just seems awful about it's like 50 50 whether um whether people are keeping their distance and doing their masks and then my dad's kind of one of the this is all fake and the numbers are warmed up and it's like, it doesn't I don't care what your thoughts are on it and and maybe it's untrue. Maybe, I don't know, there's so much, so much propaganda that goes on nowadays and no matter what side quote unquote, you're on just where just where I'm at. It's a lot. All right.
And that's where my wife and I was like, yeah, it sucks. We're bored where this is awful. I mean granted we we have the parks and you know the outdoors that we can do here. But it's like we moved at the worst time. So it's like we moved here and then like two months later, she finally got a job out here. So we were a little more lax on spending money and like, okay, let's go out. It's what city and go see what's around here and then and then everything got shut down. So it's like we moved out here and have been able to see like 2%. Um So
What?
No.
All
You
know,
Trip.
Yeah. That's what I was talking to my my dad's girlfriend last week when we were down there again. She's in real estate and and uh we were talking about that and it's going to be really interesting to see the amount of businesses that I've worked for that were absolutely no. You know, if you're working remote then you're not doing anything. Um you're not actually working or anything. It's like, no, I actually do, I personally like remote that that would really well for me, and and if I had the option, I mean, I don't have the option with this job, but if I had the option to go in for a couple couple times, you know, even if it's just a couple hours, go see face to face, like I find that invaluable, but um it's gonna be really interesting to see how many businesses really and exactly what you said, start downsizing office space and saving money
there and kind of doing it well if you want to come in, um you know, maybe you don't have a dedicated work space, you don't have your cubicle anymore, but you come in and you take the first one that you see, especially if you have kids or you don't have a dedicated workspace at home. Um and then see how many people actually just love work and remote and then just continue to do it. Um It's awful if you've made your living in commercial real estate your problem if you will and then it is but
so what's your personal opinion if you had to work remote 100% or going office 100% or kind of a mix between the boat what would what works best for you?
Almost.
I
like
the
inside
Yeah that's and I've worked I've I've worked with a lot of remote client stone the consultant consultant as well. So working with clients all over the US um and always worked with their remote have met 1% of the you know the clients that have worked. But I've always at least have that face to face in the beginning with who I actually worked with in my actual company. So it's going to be, it will be interesting to see how not meeting face to face with the people that actually work with is going to go. Um I guess the good thing is that I have right I'll call him too big bosses I think that one big boss and then a guy that's kind of he's been at the company for like 20 years but I'll be working side by side by side with him um And then the rest is offshore development teams. So I mean I don't think meeting two people face to face would really change much at this point. Um But I don't know it's gonna be it's gonna be interesting no matter what it will be a change.
sending
people
are in the mouth.
What
I can get Herman miller, I'd be in heaven.
I think the interesting to see if somebody's go more remote if if those are kind of turned into standard packages of you know, we'll we'll give you here's exactly what your home office is going to look like. Here's what we'll provide. You know, maybe if you need something outside of that you need the chair or something we'll give you 50% of it up, you know, up to a certain amount. Mhm. I don't know, it's gonna be, I think I think Covid has changed the workforce at this point and it's going to be interesting to see how that adapts over the next next few years or 10 years going to be.
what?
Mhm.
Mhm. Who knew what happened to the chair about? Haven't been home the whole time.
I had to do that in the beginning. I had one of the same thing that there's a little cheap cheap office shares that cost like 20 bucks that you get from Target or wherever and I ended up throwing that out and I spent a couple 100 bucks on amazon chair to get sent in and it's been a lifesaver.
I actually just about to say the same thing but and I'm sorry I'm awful with names. Your name one more time.
Matthew Brandon. It was really nice to meet you actually enjoyed
Yeah. As well. Thank you.
All right. You as well have it going.