SPEAKER_L: I think it might happen again. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah, statement. Like is it me, is it? Uh huh. I made it to 2022 lately, but this year I think they know that it's there talking to me and so they're just gonna, it's not really talking to you. Fabulous views to break through that anxiety. It gives. Yeah. She said, hey, what's up with the baby? You're not a people person. So just trying to get you to be a little bit more kind, Nobody's here. Yeah, five minutes. But I just wait 10 just in case. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, relationships, get to practice, hold him, helping, made us a slip and slide on the balcony. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: good. How's it going for you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, good. I don't think they gave us any questions to talk about today.
SPEAKER_L: No, I just know that we have to talk for at least 25 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Wolkoff, how's it going? How are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm good. Just prepping for the fourth.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah you got plans? You're gonna have like a little party or?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh Yeah, my family is doing a barbecue tomorrow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. Yeah we have some friends over. I want to barbecue and shoot up some semi legal fireworks, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: So but it's nice. That's well aside from it's where we where I live it's like it'll be like 103 tomorrow. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so it'll be a less pleasant grilling experience than normal. But you know, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah do you live in the south? Is that why it's so hot?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah central texas. So it's like
SPEAKER_L: Oh. Oh yeah, especially texas. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: you know like there's some parts of texas that are okay but like we're in the part that's really hot and humid. Um But my my my wife's uh in laws, they live in Southern New Mexico. So that's the part that's like really really hot but it actually cools off at night whereas here it just doesn't cool off its I think it's like 90. Yeah it's like 90 right now so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh, I can't imagine. I don't like the heat. I do not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I grew up in the desert so like I'm used to very high temperatures but I didn't grow up with all this humidity so if this like trips me out all the time. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Idaho where it's humid slightly but not as hot yet, Like we're reaching max like eight, late 80s kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Is that is that like the max range is like the high 80s? Right. Huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. I mean I suppose it's a bit more humid too. But do you are you wanna are you one of the California transplants? I hear people, a lot of people from California about to Idaho?
SPEAKER_L: No, but my cousin is the reason I moved out here was to live closer to her without actually going to California. But yeah they are, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like apparently it's like it's like the number one or number two place for California's. They're leaving, they go
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: to they
SPEAKER_L: it? Oh
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: to Idaho because they can buy a bunch of land and it's kind of like the right temperature for them and it's not too expensive so they like it, go figure, I wouldn't have been like,
SPEAKER_L: That makes a lot
SPEAKER_R: of course
SPEAKER_L: of sense
SPEAKER_R: I would have been like, oh yeah, of course they moved to Idaho, I would've been like, really? Okay, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Program explains why the traffic
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: is horrendous here. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that that surprises me. Uh We don't we don't have that much traffic. I've been to California couple times and it's been horrible to like, I hate driving, they're like, I'm just on edge the entire time.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. The worst I've ever had it though is when living in colorado, that was absolutely horrible. Especially in the Denver area. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I was born in colorado and so I've been there a couple times. Uh Yeah, and so I've been up to Denver but I've never been in like a bad traffic situation in Denver, so I actually didn't even know that they had that much traffic, it's always been pleasant, easy flow through.
SPEAKER_L: I guess the mountains make it worth it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Yeah, well, I mean like if you like a big city like Denver I guess it's worth it. But yeah, my family, most of my family were like living in like little rinky dink cities like away in the middle of nowhere, so like there were there was never there's nothing to do, there's never any traffic. So you know, it just basically let you wander around because you couldn't get hurt for miles. You know, there's a weird thing when you were kids, you know, just like yeah, yeah, just go walk down the street, don't care. There's no cell phones, there's no come back for a while, let's get starts getting dark so get up dinner so probably not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: grew up
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: Seattle so I had like the complete opposite experience. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's kind of interesting though because isn't, I mean Seattle is relatively safe though, isn't it? Like it's pretty not a high crime area.
SPEAKER_L: in like downtown of course, yeah. But what Pretty much, yeah it's pretty, I would say it's safe outside
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been to Seattle. That's one of the places on my list of places to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm definitely worth at least just one trip.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for sure. I mean there's so many things there I think Seattle is like one of those cities that's like people know of it but it's actually got a lot more to offer than people realize because they're like oh
SPEAKER_L: I would
SPEAKER_R: Chicago
SPEAKER_L: agree with that. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: new york but sales got some cool stuff you know I got a lot of cool restaurants
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: especially in pike place, let's definitely go to that. You got to do at least one of the food tours or whatever. There's so much good food
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: my wife has um an aunt that lives up there and so she's got a couple of times. Um And then to Seattle but like they have an alpaca farm so she's mostly like out in the mountains. It's like
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: so cool.
SPEAKER_R: the most bizarre you know like you think like oh Pakistan but they have an alpaca farm and they've got like you know and I think they're up to like 10 or 12 of them now so. But it's crazy
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: so cool.
SPEAKER_R: and the funniest part is like you wouldn't be like oh yeah yeah she would be like she didn't live on a farm. She's a and she still has this job, she trains people on how to use like Lennox server software management software. So she's like a computer tech person and they bought this ranch thing and they're like yeah we're just gonna raise some alpacas on the side. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Not what you would expect from them.
SPEAKER_R: No. Well and she's not she's not a very like I like animals kind of person but she's really
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: in love with the alpacas. So she's like they're like her babies and they're very they like very much so. Apparently bond with the people that like take care of them. So like they were like follow her around and listen to her and then they get very unhappy with strangers unless the strangers are very small Children so. Oh where
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: what do you do with an alpaca farm? Is it just do you use them for their
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: role?
SPEAKER_R: their wolf.
SPEAKER_L: Is that full
SPEAKER_R: actually save
SPEAKER_L: for?
SPEAKER_R: them. Um And they don't share them too much like as far as I know that they don't like they're not in it for the profit turnaround but they're like in it as just as a thing to do and then something on the side to help pay for maintaining
SPEAKER_L: distinction?
SPEAKER_R: them. Um But yeah I think that's pretty much all they do is just do the wool from time to time. And I guess it's like it's supposed to be like some of the softest wall in the world. That's pretty cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's neat. Really?
SPEAKER_R: But they do spit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like llamas and alpacas both spit so angry at you. They'll spit at you so
SPEAKER_L: Rather
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: than biter?
SPEAKER_R: Well I guess if they're getting attacked by something they'll turn on a ticket but they don't kick normally people like they only get the only kick if they think they're gonna be chased if they just don't like you they'll spit and spit at you. And I guess that's like it's like that's their thing and so like that's like if you're like okay, well I'd rather not get checked, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: Still disrespectful though. Alpaca.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm not a very big farm person, so I uh but I um oddly enough, I've had a lot of jobs where I've had close contact with farm animals, but I'm not a farm person. So like farm animals kind of uh scare me a bit because I'm like well, you know, the cow can just sit on you and kill you, you know, it weighs £1000 or whatever. So they're they're interesting animals. I'm not a very
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: good animal
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: person.
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: I had multiple jobs that involved animals. Not one I was doing geo surveying of land that gets flooded or they do like floodwater into like water crops or they water lawns. And so we would geo survey these, well some of these places are like, you know somebody's little farmhouse and so you have to like go and do that and like sometimes you have to go around cows. The cows are fine. But like one time we went is one guy's house. He was like, yeah, just be careful the horse because it was a male horse and it was in heat. He was like, and they will bite you. I was like uh yeah, he's like just don't stare at it and it should leave you alone. Well the thing is you got this, you wear a backpack that's got this giant antenna on it and so you have to come into his pen and walk around with this giant antenna and he does not like. And so he followed me the entire way and I had a metal clipboard, I just kind of held it up between his face and mine because I was like I don't wanna get bit just like I had to take all these points while this horse was like in my face.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: And then I was like okay and then like sometimes you have to take points and like if there's like a well or something you have to make a point of that. And one time there's like people that like to tie up their dog on the well it's like dr under land and like stick it in tent out while the dogs trained, kill you all sorts of weird things. And then I had another job at a scientific range um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: where they were doing experiments. and one of the neighboring fields have um, they have this thing called a flirt where they have like cattle, sheep, goats and some other animals sometimes that will all group up in kind of a tiny heard. So they call it a blurred because it's a flock and heard combined. And so, and they would go around and they, sometimes if they saw the trucks, they think they were coming to be fed and so they like walk up to the trucks and then like you couldn't get back into the truck because they'd be like up against it and they wouldn't move cause you're not feeding them even though you're, even though you don't have any food. And so you're just like trying to shove these wild cows, You know, it's like, how much do I want to shut this wild cow? So, so, and we have things like that. So very odd jobs that I have weird contact with animals. And yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: there wasn't anybody that on the farm that came out to like handle the animals or anything, you guys were just on your
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: own with that?
SPEAKER_R: those experimental guys were actually free range, their whole, they were, they were like their own little project to see the grazing habits in the wild of those animals, like what they choose to eat. Um and so occasionally they come in and feed them because it was a desert experimental range. And so sometimes during like the really bad times there wouldn't be enough food. So they give them hey. And so they know that when the trucks came up they would give them hey. But other than that there was nobody else with them, but what
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: they did to protect them from things like coyotes and stuff is that these two dogs that bond with the animals that they flock with. And so they got those dogs and basically let the dogs go wild with them to protect them from coyotes.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: It's very it was a very weird setup. But yeah, they were just like, they were just out there in the desert, you know, You know, probably like 15 square miles of desert range that they had to go wherever they wanted to that wasn't fenced off and so they could just go wherever they wanted to effectively. So they were, but they, yeah, they were they were like neutral. They weren't that aggressive, but they were definitely wouldn't let you in the back in the truck if they were like, you didn't feed us give food so there you go. Um Yeah, so that's weird jobs that I have. I have a lot of weird jobs. I don't know why, but I've done a bunch. Do you have any weird jobs that you did? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, none for me. I mean I don't have a whole lot of work experience but um no, unfortunately, I'm sure having a weird job, you have a bunch
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of stories.
SPEAKER_R: do. I have lots of weird weird jobs that I did. You know bizarre things that they'd have me do. Um Because I so I worked as a lab. So my job my undergraduate degree was in science. So I always try to get a science lab job. And so they give me like You know get these really weird jobs like the experimental range one. I had one where they had me doing a cotton genomic sequencing. And so I go and grind cotton leaves and extract the DNA. So we could uh to sequencing on them. Which is very hard that the leaves don't want to give up the D. N. A. And it's very it's weird it's time consuming. But I also got an opportunity to go and literally pick cotton out in the field uh Which is not fun. They don't recommend it because it hurts and it's not
SPEAKER_L: They got the thorns on them right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: Or?
SPEAKER_R: like you know the cotton bulb is like surrounded by these thorns that and so I get here you can kind of pick it if you're really careful but if you're trying to get it done because you don't want to be out there anymore, it starts like jamming underneath like the cuticle of your nails and just you can't wear gloves because the gloves aren't sensitive up enough to grab the cotton fully. And so if you wear gloves you want people to grab it right so you like better do it freehand. So
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and we yeah and uh and the funny part is we actually did have a machine that could pick cotton but we didn't use it because they wanted to only pick certain samples of it. So I had to pick up my hand, it was just like oh great.
SPEAKER_L: Did you get to learn anything cool about the cotton genome? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that one, you know, we didn't find any, we were looking for genes that made cotton softer. So there's a type of cotton that grows in um pema uh in Arizona. And it's really
SPEAKER_L: Just watch Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But it only really does well in that area and we don't know exactly why because if you try to grow that cotton elsewhere in the country, it doesn't grow a soft and so it's like really expensive and it's really really soft but it's really hard to produce. And of course it's in the desert, so you're wasting tons of water to keep it alive, so it's not good. So they were trying to find that gene so they could make it elsewhere and not have to worry about all those things. Um And this was at a time when we didn't really know that much about genetics, Like getting a a gene was really difficult to do and it could have been 20 genes we didn't really know. So I learned I learned things like that. I also learned uh are you know, we learn weird things. Like I learned that you if a cotton plant is dying, it might be because you're giving it too much water and it'll look dried out. Like you don't get enough water. So if you keep giving it water, it'll just die more. But if you stop giving it water, it will start turning green again and it's so counterintuitive. But like were you know, the professor is like, yeah, yeah, you guys are giving it too much water. Just don't get water for like
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: 34
SPEAKER_L: know that?
SPEAKER_R: days. It will be better. And they we did it were like, I don't sound right to us, but you know what do we know? We don't grow cotton.
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: And so we did it and he was 100% right. Like it started to green up at the shoot and I was just like okay, well today I learned sometimes too much water makes plants look like they're drying out. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And then giving it water just makes it die.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know you wouldn't think that. So we learned lots of weird things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. I my first year of college I was in neuroscience major, so one of the classes I had to take was like a genetics, so I kind of understand the whole process of extracting DNA. One of our experiments was doing it with bananas. But yeah, that's that's all I got with that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's funny because we barely do that. Like the stuff that I used to do it's like considered are like like Stoneman level of like you wouldn't do this today. Like we have all these other better methods now is crazy like how much it's changed. You know the idea that we would be spending time looking for one gene instead. We could just sequence the entire genome in like a month. It would be like nothing now. It's funny to think about it like that. Like I was like, oh yeah, I spent uh you know, a full year working with the team that spent several years looking for one gene on all these plants. And now I'm like, yeah, we could have just sequence in a month like, you know, a while later, you know? So it's interesting changes a lot. So so do you have any topics you like to talk about? And I've been talking a lot Bogart?
SPEAKER_L: No it's ok. Um And as you can see, I'm not like a big big talker. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Neither am I.
SPEAKER_L: But I do love listening to people, I do love hearing like their stories and stuff. Um What kind of music do you like? I'm a big music nerd, so I love talking about music with people.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um I try to dabble in a little of everything. I'm not too big on things like rap or kind of the more modern R. And B. Uh because I just never really got into that and some country is okay, but I don't listen to a lot.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: But like, so like right now I'm listening to a lot of blues. So fantastic Negredo's. I don't know if you've ever heard of them? Um What's in there? Colton something? I got to look at my music thing now. Um I really like Dave Matthews band um even if that's uncool like now uh Culture wall. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I love him. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: You know him? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Colter
SPEAKER_R: great. Yeah, I just recently like, re found one of his videos in my Youtube list that I had saved and I was like, oh, this is great. So then I bought his album, I was like, this is the whole thing is great. It's like um it's like that guy uh what's his name? The man in Black? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: johnny cash.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, he sounds very similar to the very young guy. I did not think it was that young until I saw some of his videos and I was like, oh my gosh, dudes, so young. So there you go.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I like him.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he's great. So I've been having listened to his stuff and lo fi beats and panic at the disco. Yeah, you can see like uh Oliver Arnold's uh Michael Cohen, aka all these, these are all like very bizarre things, you know, New age, musical piano, I don't even know what some of these people like their genre is, but I try to do everything and anything that I like, so like weird stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have any weird music recommendations?
SPEAKER_L: And don't feel bad about being a Dave Matthews fan at all because with the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, I think it was lashed
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I lost
SPEAKER_L: vote for
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: like one of the artists to guarantee make it in and it was like Sound garden and notorious b I G like big names, big big names and the fan boat was like so huge for Dave Matthews Band. Nobody had a chance against them, so yes, they got a big fan base. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do like I do like a lot of their music, it changes like overtime, like it's not just the same stuff over and over, which I like. So although I haven't heard any other recent stuff lately, I've kind of, I wandered off and found other things, so I lost your video signal, you know? Oh, such as life. Um do you still
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: Mina?
SPEAKER_L: still hear me though?
SPEAKER_R: I can still hear
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: see and hear you. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, and it's funny because this is like a weird little app thing that shows up. So it's just like the outline of a guy on the screen. And but you like every time your voice talks like flashes this little green thing on the side of the screen, it's very unusual. So Yeah, I don't know if you tried to do this thing before I tried to do this and I scheduled somebody that never showed up. So I was 100% sure if there was just like messing with people to like, like see, like people will keep coming back to like do these uh quote unquote meetings. But they did.
SPEAKER_L: I had the exact same thing like this is my 4th one that I've tried the three that I did before nobody showed up. So I had the exact same thought of like this is a test like you
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: testing me right now.
SPEAKER_R: sometimes they just like, I don't know if you're doing it through the prolific thing, but sometimes they mess with you with like uh oh, you're doing a game with a real person, and sometimes it's just computer, or sometimes it's a computer that's actually like competing against you and all sorts of things. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So let's go about, you know, I'm glad I wasn't being messed with. They were actually trying to do this. Actually,
SPEAKER_L: for sure. For sure for sure
SPEAKER_R: Actually one of their success rate is I wonder if it's like below 10% or something.
SPEAKER_L: because they did this a month ago And I did it then also but you had to talk for at least 45 minutes and
SPEAKER_R: jeez.
SPEAKER_L: I, my first one didn't show up at my second one did so I figured it probably it was a test but you just never know with the studies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it could be whatever. So Did they pay better for the 45 minutes, or did they decide they were going to cut it down?
SPEAKER_L: I think the first survey that we took was a little bit less if I remember correctly. But the second survey was the same with the the pay of the actual chat. I mean was the same
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, they probably
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: to shorten it, so make people buy it more. Uh That's an interesting thing. I do a lot of these surveys. Well, I just recently tried to do the prolific stuff again because I kind of got forward and I was like, well I got all the time on my hand and killing a little bit. So I was like, I'll do some more surface and then Okay. Yeah. But a lot of the time I'll do um, other user testing ones and those are very unusual. So those and those are sometimes they'll pay a lot better, but it's a lot harder to get them. So I like these little tiny
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: surveys.
SPEAKER_L: user testing you said that's the one where you test websites, right? Like betas and
SPEAKER_R: things like that. And so sometimes they pay less or sometimes they pay more overall, but it takes more time and they ask a lot more questions. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I mean that was kind of the best time for it since everybody's stuck at home and you know, I mean it decreases demand of course, but the supplies there.
SPEAKER_R: Well, and yeah. So, and I also do, I used to, I still do mystery shopping and that has tanked massively. Like
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: it went
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: from like, you know, being like hundreds and hundreds of shops in like a bunch of areas and she did nothing overnight. And they like slowly started putting some more back in. But like people who make a living off of doing like mystery shopping, they must be bad hurting because they can't even earn, they can't even like you know they're just automatic unemployment so that sucks for a lot of them. What do you think if we had our 25 minutes? Maybe
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: minute? Sure.
SPEAKER_L: bit longer.
SPEAKER_R: A little bit longer. Okay. That's cool. Do you have
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: do you have a music recommendation that you uh I don't think we got a music recommendation for you.
SPEAKER_L: No, not yet. Um I've been trying to think, well we've been chatting for the last couple minutes if you like that old kind of culture while he's kind of leans into the field of country. But I definitely recommend if you're into that like Sturgill Simpson, he's pretty great.
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard of him Spiritual so I'm gonna write that down.
SPEAKER_L: His most recent album is more kind of rocky but crop music like I should say. But his first couple of albums are nice with that kind of old vintage country kind of feel like a lot of people have compared him to like a modern day waylon Jennings. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We don't have that many albums. It looks like that's me. Right. Cool. I'll definitely check them out.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: then another
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: also.
SPEAKER_L: that I just recommend to everybody is the growlers. They're kind of like a beach goff. That's that's what they call it. But I guess you would explain it, it's like a little bit of rock, but surf rock.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. That name sounds familiar. I wonder if I've heard it before. Maybe in a music, maybe the movie. They had a music thing. Beach cough. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll check them out. It looks like those guys had a lot, a lot of singles. Okay. They've been around awhile man. 2009. Dude, that
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: the earlier you get, the more authentic I would say maybe not authentic, but the more
SPEAKER_R: like fresh.
SPEAKER_L: what's the word? Uh um concentrated I guess for lack of a better term, the beach cost sound is as you get more uh gosh, I cannot speak as you get more to the present. it's less speech coffee like the last two projects were just kind of made it for me just because they straight away from that a little bit. But um nightclub and chinese fountain are probably the two that I would highly recommend.
SPEAKER_R: Night club and chinese Family. Okay. City Club.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. City Club,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. Alright. Yeah, I'll check them out. Uh Like this. I like, I like strange and music music that I haven't heard and niche stuff because I like, I like people that like I don't have a bunch of overproduced stuff, like really overproduced stuff kind of bugs me and like I'd rather just hear you. You know, if you screw up a little bit it's fine. You know, I like it if you make it, not somebody wrote a song for you and then yeah,
SPEAKER_L: right, right, right,
SPEAKER_R: very unfortunate. But well
SPEAKER_L: So in other words you hate like most most of everything modern, huh I
SPEAKER_R: I'm like a lot of new songs.
SPEAKER_L: don't blame you,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I do not blame you
SPEAKER_R: it's hard I mean not just like okay like one of taylor's swiss albums it was whatever like that really goes
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like the double platinum album. She's like the first person to double platinum in like a decade or something. That was a really solid album even though it's not my type of music I can appreciate that. That album was really well made in every single aspect even though it's not make up a music. So some of that music can be like a lot of it. This is just kind of like you said you know it's all right but it's not it doesn't really have any soul to it anymore. So.
SPEAKER_L: Especially with like a lot of, I would say modern trap music where it's just like the same clunky beat with the same mumble garble Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's mm it's true. Um Yeah I like to try to find the like lo fi artists that have like the really weird stuff. The ones that will be like oh I like put a guitar riff. I did myself in the middle of it and you know and you know they're trying they're in a dorm room trying to make it and you know I can appreciate that. So those people are crazy. Alright. Well it's been it's I think it's I think we've had our time. I think it's been
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: fun
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: fun chatting with you so that's a good experience. I'm glad I got to actually chat with the person. All
SPEAKER_L: not have another no show. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Well good luck with your fourth of july thing. Have a fun time with your friends
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: family.
SPEAKER_L: You too,
SPEAKER_R: All right bye.