I think it might happen again. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah, statement. Like is it me, is it? Uh huh. I made it to 2022 lately, but this year I think they know that it's there talking to me and so they're just gonna, it's not really talking to you. Fabulous views to break through that anxiety. It gives. Yeah. She said, hey, what's up with the baby? You're not a people person. So just trying to get you to be a little bit more kind, Nobody's here. Yeah, five minutes. But I just wait 10 just in case. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, relationships, get to practice, hold him, helping, made us a slip and slide on the balcony. Mhm
Hi,
good. How's it going for you?
No, I just know that we have to talk for at least 25 minutes. Yeah.
Oh, I'm good. Just prepping for the fourth.
Mhm. Uh Yeah, my family is doing a barbecue tomorrow. Yeah.
that's good.
Oh my gosh.
Oh yeah do you live in the south? Is that why it's so hot?
Oh. Oh yeah, especially texas. Huh.
Oh gosh, I can't imagine. I don't like the heat. I do not.
I'm in Idaho where it's humid slightly but not as hot yet, Like we're reaching max like eight, late 80s kind of thing.
Yeah.
No, but my cousin is the reason I moved out here was to live closer to her without actually going to California. But yeah they are, yeah.
Is
it? Oh
gosh.
That makes a lot
of sense
Program explains why the traffic
is horrendous here. Uh huh.
Yes. The worst I've ever had it though is when living in colorado, that was absolutely horrible. Especially in the Denver area. Yeah.
I guess the mountains make it worth it,
I
grew up
in
Seattle so I had like the complete opposite experience. Yeah.
in like downtown of course, yeah. But what Pretty much, yeah it's pretty, I would say it's safe outside
of
wow.
Yeah. Mhm definitely worth at least just one trip.
I would
agree with that. Yes.
Okay
especially in pike place, let's definitely go to that. You got to do at least one of the food tours or whatever. There's so much good food
there.
Oh that's
so cool.
that's
so cool.
Not what you would expect from them.
huh.
No,
what do you do with an alpaca farm? Is it just do you use them for their
role?
Is that full
for?
distinction?
That's neat. Really?
Rather
than biter?
Still disrespectful though. Alpaca.
What
did you
do?
Oh my goodness.
Mhm.
Like
there wasn't anybody that on the farm that came out to like handle the animals or anything, you guys were just on your
own with that?
gosh,
interesting.
No, none for me. I mean I don't have a whole lot of work experience but um no, unfortunately, I'm sure having a weird job, you have a bunch
of stories.
They got the thorns on them right.
Or?
interesting.
Did you get to learn anything cool about the cotton genome? Yeah.
Just watch Mhm.
You
know that?
Beautiful.
And then giving it water just makes it die.
Oh cool. I my first year of college I was in neuroscience major, so one of the classes I had to take was like a genetics, so I kind of understand the whole process of extracting DNA. One of our experiments was doing it with bananas. But yeah, that's that's all I got with that. Yeah.
No it's ok. Um And as you can see, I'm not like a big big talker. Um
But I do love listening to people, I do love hearing like their stories and stuff. Um What kind of music do you like? I'm a big music nerd, so I love talking about music with people.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I love him. Yes.
Colter
johnny cash.
Yes, I like him.
Good.
And don't feel bad about being a Dave Matthews fan at all because with the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, I think it was lashed
vote for
like one of the artists to guarantee make it in and it was like Sound garden and notorious b I G like big names, big big names and the fan boat was like so huge for Dave Matthews Band. Nobody had a chance against them, so yes, they got a big fan base. Mhm.
You
can
still hear me though?
I can
see and hear you. Okay. Okay.
I had the exact same thing like this is my 4th one that I've tried the three that I did before nobody showed up. So I had the exact same thought of like this is a test like you
testing me right now.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
for sure. For sure for sure
because they did this a month ago And I did it then also but you had to talk for at least 45 minutes and
I, my first one didn't show up at my second one did so I figured it probably it was a test but you just never know with the studies.
I think the first survey that we took was a little bit less if I remember correctly. But the second survey was the same with the the pay of the actual chat. I mean was the same
if
I remember
On
user testing you said that's the one where you test websites, right? Like betas and
Yeah. And I mean that was kind of the best time for it since everybody's stuck at home and you know, I mean it decreases demand of course, but the supplies there.
As
it.
I think
bit longer.
What?
No, not yet. Um I've been trying to think, well we've been chatting for the last couple minutes if you like that old kind of culture while he's kind of leans into the field of country. But I definitely recommend if you're into that like Sturgill Simpson, he's pretty great.
His most recent album is more kind of rocky but crop music like I should say. But his first couple of albums are nice with that kind of old vintage country kind of feel like a lot of people have compared him to like a modern day waylon Jennings. Oh.
And
then another
one
that I just recommend to everybody is the growlers. They're kind of like a beach goff. That's that's what they call it. But I guess you would explain it, it's like a little bit of rock, but surf rock.
Yeah.
The
the earlier you get, the more authentic I would say maybe not authentic, but the more
what's the word? Uh um concentrated I guess for lack of a better term, the beach cost sound is as you get more uh gosh, I cannot speak as you get more to the present. it's less speech coffee like the last two projects were just kind of made it for me just because they straight away from that a little bit. But um nightclub and chinese fountain are probably the two that I would highly recommend.
Yes. City Club,
right, right, right,
So in other words you hate like most most of everything modern, huh I
don't blame you,
I do not blame you
and
Especially with like a lot of, I would say modern trap music where it's just like the same clunky beat with the same mumble garble Yeah
I think
so,
not have another no show. Uh huh
Thank
you.
You too,