Oh yeah. Okay. College. Okay. Okay.
Hello?
Hi how's it going? Mm.
can mostly see you about your super pixelated other. You are. Maybe I should do that there.
Hi
where
where are you?
Oh me too. Mhm.
I
moved here from san Diego to Like 10 years ago. But yeah
I went to U. C. F. D. For grad school 2008 so I was up, I was you know near La Hoya and then I lived in um oh my God how do I even remember normal heights? I lived there, I lived
all over.
What made you move? You moved like during the pandemic?
so you're you're in L. A. With your parents because of the pandemic thing? So what were you up to there?
Where'd you go to school? Are you still at?
awesome.
I did a
M. F. A. And visual arts
Masters of Fine arts.
After
undergrad master. Yeah.
Cool. It's a, I don't know, it was fun. I don't know if it was a super profitable, you know, why don't they look like my face is all red and this camel
look weird.
huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yes, I did art school, I did underground art and like a minor in business and then I did grad school in art too.
then I did um so that was like In 2008 I graduated from that and then 10 years later. No, I don't know. Yeah, and then 10 years later I went back to school at USC. I did another master's degree in film just now recently. And yeah,
so work, I teach college
sometimes online and I'm an edit video editor sometimes, but I lost that job in March
and I am an artist, I'm a documentary filmmaker
but doesn't pay me anything. But I admire like started a new project today actually where I'm going to interview frontline workers and survivors of part of hardcore complications of Covid and um like a people who've lost people. So I just got off the phone with
who lost her both of her parents and her cousin and her aunts in the hospital. So I'm going to do a zoom interview with her tomorrow
and
make a little campaign about take Covid seriously start.
And san
Diego to SAn Diego is bad. I hear
there was like parties on, what's that place called? Um I Paradise Island Fiesta Fiesta Island. You know that place, your pacific beach? There's like this island
and people
are just out there partying all the time. And there's all these news stories about people just partying with their buddies and in ocean beach to there's a bunch of like, drum circles and everybody's crowded around. Even people that you'd think kind of wouldn't be like, you think it's maybe you think it's like, oh, it's a conservative thing, like, but these are hippies and other, I don't know, everybody
just
across the spectrum,
well in school educated, the educated ones, but they're just run of the mill san Diego and I don't know.
I just, Yeah, so, um, I still have friends there and so like from friends with them on facebook, obviously a c people's posts and they're like, I don't know anybody who's ever had it. I think it's a myth and stuff like that. I just want to send them this. So I'm going to make these videos and just like, I'm going to pay to put them on as advertisements on social media, so it's not just preaching to the choir. I want to pay to put them out there and I also want to be able to just post them to people. Like, I don't know anyone like this is my friend Emily, here's the video. Her parents are dead, you know,
And
she spent 44 days in the hospital.
Oh, I don't know. I, I heard about it briefly, but I don't know what people are saying. So
I said that too on social
media. I totally made that exact comment.
Yeah, it's uh, well, so my, one of my best friends lives in New Zealand and she is from, you know, from here and stuff and she has, so they have zero cases in 100 days. They're just totally normal. She's got like two little kids that are just growing up totally
normal. And at the same time, I have my cousin Who has these two little kids and his wife has cancer now. So like he can't put them, he believes like a little bit crazy christian, but he like, we won't let them put the kids in date in, you know, school or anything because they're in florida where hundreds of thousands or whatever like cases are going up so much. So uh
I forgot the point of what I was saying. But yeah.
Oh, so I was saying that, you know, our country handled it badly, obviously 5,000,000 5 million cases and they right now have zero.
It's just mind boggling.
I'm so glad that you are of the same opinion. Like I wouldn't, if somebody got on here and they were like, oh yeah, I don't believe in this thing. It's all nonsense. I'd be like, oh, I gotta go.
Yeah, maybe like good.
That's good. I didn't know if I didn't know that, but this is the second one of these I've done. So I got a great person before too
educated
guy in a uh Atlanta who believes in a pandemic
I know but it's just it's crazy to watch their version of the news, to write, if you watch Fox News,
it's
like half the country's
fucking crazy.
I don't know, fucking white people. It was insane. I I had no idea either. I remember watching the
I was in in school in in 2016. I remember they had like a the debates on and they wheeled a big tv and and like people watch the debates all together and everybody was like and you know yeah. Hillary. And then in the crowd there were people screaming for trump and I was so I was like what? People were like look like saying lock her up and stuff. I was like what is that? I don't understand like who are these people? These are like some rowdy guy. Like I didn't I didn't believe that there were people like that in my bubble of facebook and whatever. Even my conservative cousins more like now that guy is crazy. So I was yeah, I am just florida. I'm so confused by this whole country.
You still, I mean it's crazy. So crazy.
I know now we I look at how to get to Canada and stuff like uh we're in the film industry so all of our jobs are gone, but there are still people still working in
Canada. We're looking into how you know how that would work. We can like there's like sneaking into Canada videos online. You know like uh you get a boat and you like to do them. Uh It's pretty crazy.
Yeah. We're up in uh you know near Vancouver on the west coast.
There's
there's some on Youtube, you can see how to sneak in there, like Backpackers and they just get a boat and they go in and then they like
It's uh yeah, and
then there's there's Canadians, there's like these retired Canadian guys who are pissed off that americans keep coming in with their big yachts into their water
waves. And like they come in and they buy things at the local stores and probably spread Covid. Right? And so there's this group of retired uh guys who were like, is it patrol that are like anti american patrol units, You know the old men in the waters up north and on the west coast and uh together like reporting us, you know?
I mean we can't go there were like we can't we're not allowed to
this girl but
that's uh crazy times.
no it's who knows? It's it is it's like I mean americans are bad and also the UK it's pretty bad. So it's like what what's wrong with these white people man? Like put on a fucking mask you. Mhm.
Not
not believing that a mask but even if even if you didn't believe it, why not put it on like if you're if you're afraid of the government being or you know like being shitty like him, why not wear it? Why are you so against it? It makes no sense to me. But I
certainly know people that I have like ex boyfriend who is an anti mask guy
blew my mind and from san Diego had to unfollowed him and unfriend all his friends. Yeah
you know
I'm sorry you should travel when you're young. Oh I
did
too. I want I like woke up the other night I couldn't sleep and I was like all right, here's what I'm gonna do what I can, I'm going to travel around the world. I'm going to go from heat from L. A. To Hawaii to Japan to china to Russia to Egypt to new york and home could spend a week in each place because those are the places like just want to see before I die and like
I said
Yeah I heard that too. I don't have I'm 40, I don't have kids, I never wanted them. And now I'm really really glad that I don't, more than ever a
dog. A dog is nice. I had a dog once but But I know I want to work again in the film industry, which is like 12 hour days,
so
and I want to like hitchhike to Canada like, you know, sneaking
the dog would be hard. A little dog.
Where
did
where did you go
in Canada? You said you've been to Canada?
That's crazy.
I totally
get that. I feel that way about it too.
He was like, this isn't real bacon. All right.
Pre pre pandemic when
you're
worried about bacon and stuff. Uh
totally. Uh
Pretty pandemic. So wait, did you just come up? You started college right now?
my kids,
I'm teaching, I'm teaching soon. They all would google. Everything had to be like, do not google, please At least put it in your own words. People
just
copying
whole paragraphs like come on.
wouldn't
fail anybody.
So yeah, I was teaching right during the pandemic and I was like everybody's passing guys don't worry. Mhm.
they let people fail in your classes.
What kind of cheating did they do? How did it just like
the what?
Text.
What are you majoring?
Economics. Huh. I did like a business minor so I had to do with those classes
super boring. I also had this one
create
this teacher once you couldn't understand a single word. He said. I was like sitting in the front row yes indian. And I just couldn't like and it was a really hard glass for something. I don't think it was either macro or micro economics. And it was I just had to take the class twice and I went to another school because I just couldn't understand I couldn't get it. And I was just like but everybody failed to they had to do it on a curve because it's like nobody. I got like an F on the quizzes and end up being like a B. Or something. Because everybody and everybody.
That's
it.
That
was
the memorable one.
Yeah. Especially like words that you don't, you have to learn or whatever concepts.
I did work in visual effects. I have worked in visual effects a lot with just using after effects.
I was surprised how many real VfX houses use that because it seems like a sort of like over the counter kind of for a sumer or whatever. But that's what they use on like Ray Donovan and the Orville, you know and some some shots mostly when we procedure and stuff they'll use milk. But for compositing people still use after effects really professionally.
That's
all
I have done with do animation. Anything just uh
you mean like because you can't shoot anything, we have to like learn animation because they don't have any actors. Yeah we
should we should. There's a there's a really cool one. There's like adobe animate. It's really cool. Have you seen or heard of it? It's like you can you can kind of like rig your character. Like I could just take a photo of my face and put it in there and tell the software that these are my eyes and nose and I can talk to my camera and it'll animate my my character
like
this
golf
ball
see
things. It's way better. That's like that's like motion capture. This would be like a face um favor it could make any character talk just telling it where the mouth is and rig it to your. It's like similar. Just make it tell your camera and
the software that these are your eyes and this is another thing and then it will animate your character just like you're in the web camp if
it captures you correctly.
totally. I think they can be made on there.
You too have a