Hello?
Hi. Sorry just just one moment. Mhm. Yeah. Sorry about that. Hello?
Pretty good I guess. Just been stuck at home pretty much as I guess most people are but already.
Hello?
How
are you?
Oh I'm in L. A.
part? Sorry? So midtown, I just moved here from SAn Diego so I'm not too sure myself but I
think I'm like
Oh really? I just moved here like a few months ago. Which part of SAn Diego, if you mind me asking?
Normal.
That's so cool. I used to live really nearby UCSd have a lot of friends that go that right now. But
yeah I think my parents just at work and had to move back from school because they closed all the doors and stuff so I just got stuck here I guess.
in san Diego. Uh um So it's like raised in L. A. And then I moved to SAn Diego and I just like high school there and then I came back for college so just between san Diego and L. A. Pretty much.
Yeah I'm still I'm going to U. C. L. A. Right now apparently. Yeah.
The what major you need to stay
visual
arts but just in the face time say
masters of fine arts let's
go.
here's my friend, what are my friends is doing that as well? I think I'm not sure if they're going to do the whole grad school but I think they're majoring in the arts and underground.
It's
fine. What has the rafters?
That's cool. So you're just working on like a like now are you just heard this I guess? I don't know like.
What
how?
I see.
Yeah that's
into the statement
I
say.
That's an amazing project. Uh Because there's so many people who are um I don't know how to put it are very resistant about like wearing masks and taking precautions. So I think it's a bit better in L. A. But when I've heard from my east Coast friends apparently there's a lot of people there, they're like it's a liberty to breathe or
something.
I haven't heard much from there. All my friends moved up for college as well so I think we're all pretty the dark S. T. Right now.
I know pacific
beach.
Let's
sell leaders.
Yeah. I wasn't expecting that. I don't know like when I was um well I guess you never really expect people next to you to do like stupid things but like when I was in general, people in sc seems pretty like I always say smart but like reasonable but
I suppose that's weird. Huh?
It's very
admirable.
Each. I don't know how people start thinking seriously, especially with that shit. Like the amount of, because there was that shooting in front of the white house yesterday and people were like they were saying some very rude things but in reality it's like the leadership wasn't there like scientific it so
people are saying stuff like I don't know if this is like inappropriate for me to say I don't wish harm upon anyone no matter how like bad thing maybe. But they were saying like oh like the shooter missed or like oh
good.
I'm inclined to agree honestly. She is so ridiculous.
No.
People love you.
That's brutal.
Uh It's sad.
People used to see America is like such a major country and now it's just like
Yeah. People like that though, they probably wouldn't know about politic right? Or like any other,
I feel like the demographic of prolific users is probably like at least educated like to some degree, so.
that's
good.
It's amazing how much that cans for believing in facts and stuff that's on the news like.
it's weird because like I used to look at people like flat earthers, like people in the anti vaxxers and I was like, oh like they're just like they're funny, it's just a small portion of the population and this happened and like a like a ton of the countries like revolting
and stuff. It's like,
man,
shit,
what would you do?
Yeah, those debates were like, I don't know how people still support it. And after that here is kind of just up there like babbling. So like he didn't have any stats. You didn't have any like data. Hillary was like pretty professional about it. I mean like, I'm not saying she was perfect either. Like, I don't think anyone up there was completely perfect, but he was just like, I kid among adults.
he wins another four years. It's gonna be, I don't know what the future of America is going to look clean.
What?
Yeah. So like you'd sail from New Jersey to like Cap Eastern Canada.
I watched that
like
Yeah. It's like better than most of the stuff on Youtube these days. So
Yeah.
And
So funny. Anti american Charles I mean,
yeah. I know.
don't know.
I feel compared to so many other like cultural group. I'm not trying to make this a racing like honestly felt like like compared to like other groups of people meant like americans seem like the most abrasive. Like they don't care about the rules as much as like other people to you. What I guess. You know, maybe maybe that's maybe that's a bad thing to say.
Uh
No.
I think.
I see.
Okay. Thank god. I just wanted to travel to the Eu and stuff, but I don't know. And that's going to be possible anymore.
All right, remember onto because I've never been out of the U. S. I've been to like Canada a few times in like hiking trips that's about it. It's like I don't
I don't
know.
the
world ends apparently it's this like that because like you know at this point like there is an interesting statistic I saw or like more people were expecting not to have kids just because like the future is bleak kind of right. Like there's pollution, there's politics, there's like sort of war. I'm like I just want to like travel to like I I just want to own a dog that's all I want in this life. But.
Honestly.
fall
of
speaking
I guess hey. Mhm. I
don't know.
I've always, Sorry
look
I was when I was really young we went like ice fishing up there or like
yeah we didn't catch l I didn't catch anything else like nine, like the fishing are just flew off my hands. But yeah, it was really nice up there. The air was like actually so clean. I don't know if that's the colder and I'm like, I was just dumb, but everything seems so much nicer up there
and that's
that was especially when I was like discovered about the whole Canadian bacon thing and all that. Yeah.
those are those are the simple times.
pretty
much.
cutting the systems just thinking fact. Yeah. I never really understood like term ignorance is bliss until like I was getting it like, I think junior year of college maybe. But like honestly it's actually so nice not knowing what's going on because you see all these kids like playing as aficionado thing wrong in the world and say, oh everyone's wearing, that's that's so cool. It's like, yeah okay.
Uh huh.
Uh No I started two years ago. Yeah, so I'm a junior now just you know, but I mean the classes like I will admit they're a bit easier like the tests and stuff because if you really need to, I I try not to but like you can like google stuff right? Like you can cheat, which it's
not incurred.
I try
not
good.
So many people s you got caught cheating and failed the class, they all
just went on
again.
it's not optimal conditions for learning. It's just it's not it. Yeah.
Yeah. You see all these kind of ain't all about cheating so hurry. Mm I mean I guess I kind of get it at the same time, it's like come on guys like this is the first flight was not the first, it's like a pretty huge pandemic for a lot of people like the newer generation. That's
Yeah they just wanted to check,
they went on to check, its like a website where you can like pay to get people to write answers for you essentially. So all of them went on there and like I guess one person just paid and everyone else just copy that one answer And like the professor is like like I'm not trying to be mean, but like this is this is to obviously when 20 people have to sing like answers like
but I think most of them are trying to be generous about grading and stuff.
Yeah I've been declared that I'll probably do E. Con or something. I don't know nothing really, I don't know, I didn't really fancy anything like oh you'll figure it out. But I never really did.
How was it? Was it boring?
This
is
Mhm. That's
the issue
though. I'm not trying to be, I mean about like accents, but like come on, if we can't understand you, like why are you teaching? Like just, it's
like
that
the heaviest like Russian accents you could think of, oh my God, like, like they sound cool in conversation, but I'm trying to learn from you. It's like
when you work in the film industry, do you have to learn any like animation stuff? Like animation software?
like the adobe after effects? That's great.
So yeah. Yeah.
Cause
me,
Yeah.
just
says it like
those
golf
ball
like two
things.
Nothing.
That's
cool. It's like the deep fake things that people like the program are starting to.
Yeah. That's awesome. Well, I think 25 minutes is up, but it was a pleasure talking to you.
Goodbye.