SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. It was a hit marker. How did not die from that? Yeah this is mm several stents mm I don't know he said so. Uh Honey on one less targets but you guys are pretty close together. It's just a log room behind. Oh there we go. Alright. I broke the sounds doing it. We're doing another bonus round. I don't know how many of you guys will never die. Level dot live or die, but no one else speak. Everyone's been away from my work fire. Yeah. Very nice way to unite them dude. Yeah. Natural. Alright. Also you're gonna keep on spinning, yep, starts spitting up when I give the word. You can just keep on firing non stop until I say stop Or until one person dies. Alright, begin firing now we're going keep on going. Oh that's all right. Yeah, I think that. Really? Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay response cable move out of your spot when you recorded american idiot when the whole album was done. You cry? Oh, did you know that? Yeah, I think right. I think this is what we're reporting of. Yeah. Uh huh. 25 minutes. Mhm. No one's no one's gotten on yet, but they have like 10 minutes. Don't just come out. Okay. Sure. What is your name here? Jake eaten Richard Eaton. So you're charged with going through with the red white on Dean Street and route 10. Yeah. Okay. What do you want to tell me about that? I have no idea. Uh He's already has a cluster. He calls it in over there. There's another guy coming in, mounts up trying to get those little shots there and then it lets the cluster come in because he has a a okay jump on him like yo what the fuck? Yeah. It Oh yeah. All right, come in. Oh boy. Well that's what I've ever had in the game ever. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. What? Yeah. Oh uh oh play and they're bad. Yeah. Uh huh That's the testicle you can witness. Come on bro. What is this? I don't want to do right now. Come on, come on. Yeah. Yeah. A triple dark side running mounted this in global opinion 2002 and he did a switch as well. Thank you. Since ever I've seen nobody doing this trick. Uh, there has been some people that did like the railway, uh, profit in the middle of the board instead of the hotels. That's the way. So the obstacle I chose. She's right here. Color. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you? Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can hear you can hear me.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I can.
SPEAKER_L: Mm How are you doing? Good. Yeah, I'm not even sure how this is supposed to go.
SPEAKER_R: I guess we just have to talk for 25 minutes and there's no project that I know of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. I didn't know if this was like there was going to be questions already assigned or if there's things like that but I haven't heard any. I mean in the email was very vague. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it just said talk so
SPEAKER_L: you're talking about well, um so how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: um okay I'm tired. I've got three grandchildren living with me so they keep me busy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm a teacher so I understand how tiring Children can be.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well we have the alerting now because of the pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same. I'm teaching online right now so it's a little difficult. Especially because I'm doing elementary education. So like I do like the little kids and most of my students don't have internet or computers so it's like a digital packet. I mean I'm sorry a printed packet that they do instead.
SPEAKER_R: That would have been easier with my kindergartener because he's not getting the whole doing it on the computer thing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it all depends. I mean it's just because where I teach is a very low income area. So
SPEAKER_R: with,
SPEAKER_L: my kids I only have three students with access to internet mm or at least they might have access to the internet but they might not have access to a computer or anything more than a phone. So it's a little difficult. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have 1/6 grader and the first grader with the kindergarten.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. Yeah, the uh the fifth graders, they have computers. So I mean it all depends. I mean if the parents don't have internet, they're not going to go about doing it. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the six screen brought home his chromebook but he was set but the first grader had to use the our computer And where he's using seesaw and if you've heard of that one
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that one.
SPEAKER_R: yeah he had to set it up because I couldn't figure out how to set it up.
SPEAKER_L: Trust me. I know even as a teacher, we're trying to find ways of uh getting contact with like ways that we can be in contact with our students and google classroom was like the best option. We were using canvas. That's one of the programs. That's what I used in college. And it's it's really
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: easy when you know how to do it. But if you don't know how to do it, I couldn't even explain to you like somebody had to show me and walk me through how to even do it. And we're just expecting parents to figure it out and students to figure it out. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was sudden. It wasn't like we had any warning. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we found out during our spring break, so we were enduring spring break and then they're like, hey, you're not coming back and then like you're coming back in two weeks and then two weeks turn to three and 3 to 4 and then eventually they said you were going, you know, we're giving up the whole year. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they're still talking about if they're going to open up in the fall.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we're hearing the same thing. Um, we were assuming that will be open for the fall. I mean that's the best thing we can do, but until then, I mean, I think we'll go back to school. I just think things will change. Um, about how students are sitting like no more group work and, or at least for a little bit or things like that. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been interesting. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: And what part of the country are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Illinois, the cargo area.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yeah. I was wondering how that I was wondering because like everyone is different, like I'm a teacher in florida, but I actually live in texas now, so we just moved to yourself. Yeah, but since I'm teaching online, it wasn't really a big deal for me to move.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, so that would work out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, except I have to fly back to get all my teaching stuff, which because we drove here and I don't want to fly, I don't necessarily want to fly right now. But um luckily my health is really what good and we're doing all the things we should be doing. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well I'm at one of the higher risk groups so I've been staying home.
SPEAKER_L: which is Yeah, exactly. My mom, my mom is in the same boat, but she's the type of person that she's not staying old. She's doing what she should when she's out, but she's not staying in every day so you
SPEAKER_R: husband
SPEAKER_L: know sure where
SPEAKER_R: put out for it, but he
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: told
SPEAKER_L: don't know how
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: men what you say, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: he's healthier than me just bring it into me or the kids when they
SPEAKER_L: thankfully I don't have any kids yet so I don't have to worry about you know, anybody else except for my wife and I so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like the grandkids, when their parents take them and you know, the mother will take in one place and who knows what Germs don't take up and bring him back here. Seven. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That's why when we go out we just keep, we wear a mask and use hand sanitizer as much as possible. So it's the
SPEAKER_R: not much we can do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly and I hate being stuck inside this much, you know from being a type of person that worked a lot and worked, you know 567 days a week to being able to be stuck at home and expected to do a lot more work is just really uh it's hard
SPEAKER_R: it is, it is.
SPEAKER_L: but we've been busy with the with just moving, moving alone has been a process. So luckily distraction something to do, you know, being cooped up inside, getting rid of things and boxing up things and unpacking and all that has just been kind of a blessing in disguise. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, probably more efficient because you can't go do other things and be distracted.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Um but yeah, it's annoying but and that's what we have to do. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, just, I've lived long enough to see a lot of different academics and things but this is so different.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and even even just the, like I've seen the transparency, like the differences and stuff between here in texas. I'm in the Dallas fort Worth area and I was living in Orlando. So seeing the way Orlando is dealing with things, um basically in Orlando, you just, once Disney and Universal start saying things are a big deal. That's pretty much follows the trend for everything. I mean, even hurricane season when hurricanes come, the school, our school district kind of looks at what Disney is doing. You know, Disney is closing down some things, then we close down. It's, it's just kind of the way are, you know, the school districts are run there, but, and then, um, other than that, I mean, just here, it's, I mean, here, it seems people are a little bit more serious than in Orlando, florida is not married, doesn't they're not taking it serious at all. I mean, in comparison you would think because there's, you know, the median age is a lot higher in florida because a lot of retirees and things like that. But my dad lives in southwest florida, which is predominantly retirement area and they're getting new cases every day, but um, but just like those people aren't staying home, like that's just the way they are. I can tell you that from living down there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes mm You don't know do is is it better to stay in? Is it better just to ride it out?
SPEAKER_L: I just think that they, the whole trains, they haven't, um, they never really gave us definite like, restrictions, definite answers. They're saying things like, oh you shouldn't go out or you can go out, but as long as you're exercising, but they don't tell you what constitutes is exercising? Is that, is that walking around my neighborhood, is that playing basketball at the basketball courts? You know, they really just didn't give like a definite answer, like, hey don't do this, specifically, don't do this if you're going to exercise. We were encouraged just walking and bike riding or working outside, you know, they really just didn't give those definite answers. And I think that's what people got confused, confused about our people didn't take it as serious, so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah well in Chicago I'm not in Chicago but in Chicago they have strict rules on everything and they're encouraging people to call the police if you see your users having people over Or if you see 10 people standing outside together so.
SPEAKER_L: my buddy lives in um he lives right in one of the suburbs of Chicago and that's what he was saying. He's like, they're they're taking it way more serious than like when I was telling him about Orlando because I haven't talked to him a bit a week or so or two weeks. So he usually, and I usually talk about things like that, so uh just just local politics in general of how different, you know, things are. So But
SPEAKER_R: and then to see what other countries are doing and how they're surviving this.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I think it's the hardest thing is the United States has a very high population and I just, what's gonna work for some States isn't going to work for other States. So it's really hard, but they're not locking down the borders for, you know, state, you know, the States, they're not really doing that. So it's like I said, it's like uh so kind of just to give a perspective because florida is such a retirement home community and all that stuff. The flights to Orlando are still expensive because people are flying from new york because they're so, you know, they're limited to do stuff in new york. They're like screw you can go to florida and go to the beach because the beaches
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: are open. So it's like, what, like why would I be stuck there? So they're bringing it, you know, there or even just adding more people, that's more people in the grocery stores, it's more people that can contract it. So it's kind of a, like I said that they should have just locked down, they said no, if you're here, you're here, you're stuck. Like true quarantine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my daughter came in from Spokane Washington with her boyfriend and they flew to michigan they drove here so that was that was when it was real bad in Washington right where you can fly out then they weren't sure they were gonna be able to fly back in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. See that's where I'm like, I have to actually fly back to go get the rest of our, my school supplies. All my stuff is in my classroom, but we're, we're not allowed in the classrooms yet, but I still have to go get all that had to fly back though to get it, which sucks, you know? But it's funny because the flights to text from florida to texas are cheap, but the ones from texas to florida are not as cheap So I can get a ticket from Texas to Florida. I mean Texas to Florida is about $100 ticket, but from Florida to Texas, it's like 50. So it's it's yeah, it's crazy how the, how the prices are different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know my daughter when they when they were trying to go back
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to Spokane their flight was cancelled they had no idea if they were going to be even be able to get into Washington or if they would have to go to Idaho and then drive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's, yeah, this whole thing is like I said, I'm, I don't mind doing what they say, they just need to give definite answers and definite, you know, every if, if they, if they said everyone who's outside must wear a face mask, then they just need to say or require all stores. If you're going inside of a story, you must wear a mask, like, but like we went, we live right next to a Target um and a ross and and something else, but like one of the three, you have to wear a mask to go in, like you can't go in without a mask, and then the other two you're fine, it's just like, well to the left of all places, like grocery stores, targets Walmarts, they should be the ones enforcing a mask because you know, any kind of their more heavily, you know, heavier traffic, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we have we have to have masks here, you have to have masks in all the stores and everything
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's the way
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: in in florida, there was two of the coastal counties required you to wear a mask if you were going in the grocery store, but not all stores, and that was only two counties, like in Orlando, I never saw anyone where I'm asked like it was almost rare, And then here it's about it's about 2/3 of 32, in the stores. Um depending on which store walmart. More people wear masks. I mean, sorry, targeting more people are wearing masks at walmart, but um it's all depending on, you know that I don't know if that's a uh like a socioeconomic really. I don't know. I'm sorry. It's my wife. I don't know if that's a socioeconomic thing or if that's just uh you know, just by chance from when we've gone to walmart, the two times, if that's been, you know, just the areas where they're located. It's a kind of a cool nut idea. But the thing that they could look, they're definitely, I'm sure they're looking into if because I'm sure if you go into the areas that are a little bit lower income up near you, it's probably the same. The map, people wearing masks and plus the amount of people like when, when I go to walmart, there's no more than three people in a group at the most. I mean target but wal mart, it's a whole family. It's a slew of people, so I don't know
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: if.
SPEAKER_R: here we're not supposed to be bringing people just do one person at a time going places. So that's what my husband and I do but my son now he'll take his kids with him. I was like no you're not supposed to do that because you're bringing them here to me.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Especially kids. I mean both kids and people with health conditions are just being older with weaker immune systems should be doing everything that they can. I mean at the beginning of this, my wife wouldn't leave the house. I think she was inside for at least three weeks without like not even going anywhere. Um But and it drives you crazy. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: It does
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't imagine this being the complete norm for any longer than it's already been.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we started in March the schools closed in March before spring break for us. And we've been indoors since then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. As long as you got things to keep you busy. I mean, we were in a tiny little apartment trying to both get our new apartment, pack everything up and then our apartments, they're about the same size now, but this one is just a lot more roomy, it's a lot bigger than the other one. Like low ceilings, this one is really high ceilings so um but just being stuck in one place always is just miserable and now now that they're opening up their opening up restaurants and things like that a little bit more but um I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yet
SPEAKER_L: they haven't opened up restaurants there.
SPEAKER_R: now just for take out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're at 25%, the employees must wear a mask and gloves. Um it's parties of six or less and 25% capacity. Which And then it's gonna go up to 50 in two weeks, it's just like that's weird. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: don't know what you're doing the how they're figuring this out. What's the let's their method.
SPEAKER_L: Well the thing that bothered me the most is they were they were opening up restaurants but they were still keeping salons and barbershops closed and I'm like at restaurants, I'm putting things in my mouth, I'm putting my hand in my mouth, I'm putting forks that are owned by the restaurant my mouth, you know if they don't clean it properly, I mean I know that just taking that chance itself, but at a barbershop where if I wear a mask for the person wears a mask, they're not we're not touching each other's faces, you can limit the amount of people that can come in by appointments only there just blew my mind how going to the grocery store without a mask, going, you know Dowty without a mask quiz. Okay but going to um you know the barbershop salon, you're not allowed to just kind of but they just they just opened up salons and barbershops, uh this last friday, so at least here yeah, they're moving along Orlando Orlando and texas right now we're both they're kind of on the same wavelength. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm hoping someday we'll be back to the is it hard?
SPEAKER_L: things are gonna change sure.
SPEAKER_R: You know we I haven't do my dogs grooming myself but my dog's hair because she was looking pretty bad but the dog groomers aren't open
SPEAKER_L: No I know even vets um A buddy of mine, his wife works in event and they do it where there's two vets, the two vets that work there, the one that has a set of staff and the other vet has a set of staff and they all work certain days together. So that way if one group gets sick then the other group is not going to get sick. It's I mean it's really weird dynamic but luckily I haven't had to go we have to groom our dogs as well but just the nails which is easy. Not they don't they're not long haired dogs so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah mine's a sheet suit so she grows her hair and it's
SPEAKER_L: have two Beagles, I'm surprised they haven't barked yet. But
SPEAKER_R: mhm we have
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: a beagle goes down and my dog imitates her which I thought was really strange but
SPEAKER_L: oh the ours lucky they're pretty good. I mean they're not especially living in apartment, but we put them out, they go we'll go out and sit on our patio and they'll go out there, they might bark at somebody going by, but they're not, you know, no one's called on us or anything, so we've had him for a couple of years and only one person has ever called about our dog barking. And it was before we got our other beagle. And I think she she just had separation anxiety, didn't know where
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: we were and just crying because she cries when we're in the bedroom and have the door shut and she can't come in, she's your foot. But
SPEAKER_R: yeah don't forget who we are if we go in the bathroom and come out barking who are you? She's a special needs dog
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, trust me. I like I said this one's This one's great, the other one only, she knows the words outside walking food. So she you know, she's very simple dog. The other one is just crazy,
SPEAKER_R: With
SPEAKER_L: but that's the way they usually are. There's always one that's normal and when. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I have two cats too so we have some exchange of culture there it's
SPEAKER_L: Territory.
SPEAKER_R: a glancing, yeah it's interesting. The older cat just looks at the dog and the kitten like they're nuts. Right they're entertaining.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's a good thing about dogs if we didn't have a dog, I think I'd go even more crazy. That's how I exercise. I take them for walks every night and usually between three and 4 or 3-5 mile walks, depending on um how I'm feeling. I just called my mom because you know, moms like to talk to their kids and I just tell her all the things that I've done today and all the things I'm gonna do tomorrow and I walk around my neighborhood, you know, go, especially because it's a new neighborhood, go go down different roads and you know, trying to find new restaurants and bars and even if we can't go on them now we might, I might as well go look for him.
SPEAKER_R: Make plans. I can't even talk to my mom. She's in a nursing home
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: she doesn't know how to use the phone anymore so I have no idea how she's doing. So that's the hard thing is this kind of like this
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm lucky my grandparents live on the same property as my mom so I need to get a hold of them, luckily my grandmother, I talked to her almost every day so usually I get a good update on everybody. So I mean unfortunately I'm sorry to hear about for you.
SPEAKER_R: It's interesting. It's an interesting time we're living in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've never seen anything like this or even heard of anything like this. I mean we've had pandemics and things before in previous like the polio pandemic and you know spanish flu and like swine flu and things like the aviation flew but nothing were shut down the way it shut down. And also with the mix of technology being available I think like if school, if this was going on before, computers and stuff were really prevalent, uh our kids would just not go to school, they'd be done. They mean maybe get the packets the way that they're doing, but I really highly doubt it would probably just say schools are done, we'll see you next year. Um But luckily, you know computers or make it easy to do this. So um
SPEAKER_R: I would get news from different places really quickly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know that's one thing I tried to do, I try to get news from everywhere, especially because you turned most of the users just negative. So it's uh and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was a kid. We didn't have this kind of live stuff so it's it's different. It is yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's good and bad. I mean you get so much information that you sometimes just don't take the proper precautions or you don't not take precautions but you don't get as much, you don't know what's quality news and what's real because there's so many outlets to tell you this. So somebody might report, be reporting one thing and then another one is like reporting something else. You're like, I don't know who to even listen to. Uh So it's been a fun experience to go through this, but I'm ready for it to be over.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah yeah I'm just with the grandkids can being so young and then never having experienced any kind of even losing power for any length of time. This completely different way of life is interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, very much so. And have you, have you been are you, I'm assuming prolific. Right. Have you been doing it for a while?
SPEAKER_R: a couple of years. I also do amazon turk
SPEAKER_L: I've never done that one. I've I've only done prolific and I tried one other one. But I keep saying my passwords wrong, but my password isn't wrong, I use
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't.
SPEAKER_L: the same password for almost everything. So I know it's either one of three things and they're all not working and I emailed them and they can't really won't get back to me. So I lost out on some money from doing them. But
SPEAKER_R: That's one thing with this pandemic. I have had more jobs with prolific and with amazon turk.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if they have three or four surveys a day. I mean, even if they're only $50 to a dollar, I mean they've got up. I think I've been doing this since I want to say March And I'm probably at $60. So I mean not nothing fantastic but well
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I've been making probably three times as much as I was making before the pandemic. So I mean I'm not rich from this but
SPEAKER_L: no, no, it's it's extra money for us. I figure any, like I won't spend any of it. I'll just keep it on there and eventually I'll cash it out and put it towards, you know, maybe something I wouldn't have, maybe something can splurge on like something I would normally buy with my money. You know, you kind of spoil yourself like, oh I really, I don't need this much bigger of a tv but I'll pay I have the extra money. I might as well throw it, buying a bigger team something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my husband does youtube and he's got his Youtube money that he's
SPEAKER_L: Does
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: he have his own channel?
SPEAKER_R: yes he is adequate because
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: does
SPEAKER_R: D.
SPEAKER_L: he do
SPEAKER_R: N.
SPEAKER_L: with?
SPEAKER_R: Y. Stuff ali yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um
SPEAKER_L: Does that does youtube pay decent money at all or is it?
SPEAKER_R: does once you get enough following, if he gets, he puts out at least one video a week. He started doing too. So it's something we can't we can't live off it yet. But
SPEAKER_L: No, hopefully one day. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah he'd like to retire and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh let's play a lot of my family, is there ready to retire? But they just can't, it just shows how different things are now it is. I'll probably never retire. But I also like I guess that I like to work, I hate being stuck at home. I've always worked two jobs, so At 1.3
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: it's just you know, I just being home.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Well, I guess our 25 minutes is over.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're actually about 30 minutes, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So then what do we have to do? Go back to the,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, come on. Yeah. Um Yeah, I think you just go back to the last one and then you hit the next button and then you go from there.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well it was good talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, good talking to you. Uh you know, thank you for doing this too. The last person I did, it would never showed up, So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that stinks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. I was looking forward to it too. And then I had to reschedule this one. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well it worked out
SPEAKER_L: yeah, exactly. What was nice meeting? You
SPEAKER_R: nice meeting you
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: Central.
SPEAKER_L: a good day. Bye.