Hello?
Uh
can you hear me?
Yes I can.
I guess we just have to talk for 25 minutes and there's no project that I know of.
Yeah it just said talk so
um okay I'm tired. I've got three grandchildren living with me so they keep me busy.
Yeah well we have the alerting now because of the pandemic.
That would have been easier with my kindergartener because he's not getting the whole doing it on the computer thing
with,
Yeah I have 1/6 grader and the first grader with the kindergarten.
Yeah the six screen brought home his chromebook but he was set but the first grader had to use the our computer And where he's using seesaw and if you've heard of that one
yeah he had to set it up because I couldn't figure out how to set it up.
But
Yeah, it was sudden. It wasn't like we had any warning. Yeah.
yeah, they're still talking about if they're going to open up in the fall.
Yeah, it's been interesting. Mhm
I'm in Illinois, the cargo area.
Oh yeah, so that would work out.
Yeah, well I'm at one of the higher risk groups so I've been staying home.
husband
put out for it, but he
told
me
he's healthier than me just bring it into me or the kids when they
yeah, like the grandkids, when their parents take them and you know, the mother will take in one place and who knows what Germs don't take up and bring him back here. Seven. Mhm.
not much we can do.
it is, it is.
yeah, probably more efficient because you can't go do other things and be distracted.
Yeah, just, I've lived long enough to see a lot of different academics and things but this is so different.
Yeah. Yes mm You don't know do is is it better to stay in? Is it better just to ride it out?
yeah well in Chicago I'm not in Chicago but in Chicago they have strict rules on everything and they're encouraging people to call the police if you see your users having people over Or if you see 10 people standing outside together so.
and then to see what other countries are doing and how they're surviving this.
what?
my daughter came in from Spokane Washington with her boyfriend and they flew to michigan they drove here so that was that was when it was real bad in Washington right where you can fly out then they weren't sure they were gonna be able to fly back in.
Yeah. You know my daughter when they when they were trying to go back
to Spokane their flight was cancelled they had no idea if they were going to be even be able to get into Washington or if they would have to go to Idaho and then drive.
Yeah we have we have to have masks here, you have to have masks in all the stores and everything
in
that.
we're
here we're not supposed to be bringing people just do one person at a time going places. So that's what my husband and I do but my son now he'll take his kids with him. I was like no you're not supposed to do that because you're bringing them here to me.
It does
Yeah we started in March the schools closed in March before spring break for us. And we've been indoors since then.
Yet
now just for take out.
I
don't know what you're doing the how they're figuring this out. What's the let's their method.
Yeah I'm hoping someday we'll be back to the is it hard?
You know we I haven't do my dogs grooming myself but my dog's hair because she was looking pretty bad but the dog groomers aren't open
Yeah mine's a sheet suit so she grows her hair and it's
mhm we have
a beagle goes down and my dog imitates her which I thought was really strange but
Well
yeah don't forget who we are if we go in the bathroom and come out barking who are you? She's a special needs dog
With
yeah I have two cats too so we have some exchange of culture there it's
a glancing, yeah it's interesting. The older cat just looks at the dog and the kitten like they're nuts. Right they're entertaining.
Make plans. I can't even talk to my mom. She's in a nursing home
she doesn't know how to use the phone anymore so I have no idea how she's doing. So that's the hard thing is this kind of like this
It's interesting. It's an interesting time we're living in.
I would get news from different places really quickly.
Yeah I was a kid. We didn't have this kind of live stuff so it's it's different. It is yeah.
Oh yeah yeah I'm just with the grandkids can being so young and then never having experienced any kind of even losing power for any length of time. This completely different way of life is interesting.
a couple of years. I also do amazon turk
wouldn't.
That's one thing with this pandemic. I have had more jobs with prolific and with amazon turk.
Uh huh. I've been making probably three times as much as I was making before the pandemic. So I mean I'm not rich from this but
Yeah my husband does youtube and he's got his Youtube money that he's
say
yes he is adequate because
like
D.
N.
Y. Stuff ali yeah.
um
does once you get enough following, if he gets, he puts out at least one video a week. He started doing too. So it's something we can't we can't live off it yet. But
Oh yeah he'd like to retire and
Where?
Mhm. Yeah. Well, I guess our 25 minutes is over.
Okay. So then what do we have to do? Go back to the,
Okay. Well it was good talking to you.
Oh, that stinks.
Okay. Well it worked out
nice meeting you
Central.