Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. It was a hit marker. How did not die from that? Yeah this is mm several stents mm I don't know he said so. Uh Honey on one less targets but you guys are pretty close together. It's just a log room behind. Oh there we go. Alright. I broke the sounds doing it. We're doing another bonus round. I don't know how many of you guys will never die. Level dot live or die, but no one else speak. Everyone's been away from my work fire. Yeah. Very nice way to unite them dude. Yeah. Natural. Alright. Also you're gonna keep on spinning, yep, starts spitting up when I give the word. You can just keep on firing non stop until I say stop Or until one person dies. Alright, begin firing now we're going keep on going. Oh that's all right. Yeah, I think that. Really? Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay response cable move out of your spot when you recorded american idiot when the whole album was done. You cry? Oh, did you know that? Yeah, I think right. I think this is what we're reporting of. Yeah. Uh huh. 25 minutes. Mhm. No one's no one's gotten on yet, but they have like 10 minutes. Don't just come out. Okay. Sure. What is your name here? Jake eaten Richard Eaton. So you're charged with going through with the red white on Dean Street and route 10. Yeah. Okay. What do you want to tell me about that? I have no idea. Uh He's already has a cluster. He calls it in over there. There's another guy coming in, mounts up trying to get those little shots there and then it lets the cluster come in because he has a a okay jump on him like yo what the fuck? Yeah. It Oh yeah. All right, come in. Oh boy. Well that's what I've ever had in the game ever. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. What? Yeah. Oh uh oh play and they're bad. Yeah. Uh huh That's the testicle you can witness. Come on bro. What is this? I don't want to do right now. Come on, come on. Yeah. Yeah. A triple dark side running mounted this in global opinion 2002 and he did a switch as well. Thank you. Since ever I've seen nobody doing this trick. Uh, there has been some people that did like the railway, uh, profit in the middle of the board instead of the hotels. That's the way. So the obstacle I chose. She's right here. Color. Yeah.
Hi, how are you? Yeah, yeah,
yeah,
yeah, I can hear you can hear me.
Mm How are you doing? Good. Yeah, I'm not even sure how this is supposed to go.
Yeah exactly. I didn't know if this was like there was going to be questions already assigned or if there's things like that but I haven't heard any. I mean in the email was very vague. So
you're talking about well, um so how are you doing?
Yeah, I'm a teacher so I understand how tiring Children can be.
Yeah, same. I'm teaching online right now so it's a little difficult. Especially because I'm doing elementary education. So like I do like the little kids and most of my students don't have internet or computers so it's like a digital packet. I mean I'm sorry a printed packet that they do instead.
Yeah it all depends. I mean it's just because where I teach is a very low income area. So
my kids I only have three students with access to internet mm or at least they might have access to the internet but they might not have access to a computer or anything more than a phone. So it's a little difficult. But
Oh, nice. Yeah, the uh the fifth graders, they have computers. So I mean it all depends. I mean if the parents don't have internet, they're not going to go about doing it. So Yeah.
I don't know that one.
Trust me. I know even as a teacher, we're trying to find ways of uh getting contact with like ways that we can be in contact with our students and google classroom was like the best option. We were using canvas. That's one of the programs. That's what I used in college. And it's it's really
easy when you know how to do it. But if you don't know how to do it, I couldn't even explain to you like somebody had to show me and walk me through how to even do it. And we're just expecting parents to figure it out and students to figure it out. So
yeah, we found out during our spring break, so we were enduring spring break and then they're like, hey, you're not coming back and then like you're coming back in two weeks and then two weeks turn to three and 3 to 4 and then eventually they said you were going, you know, we're giving up the whole year. So
yeah, we're hearing the same thing. Um, we were assuming that will be open for the fall. I mean that's the best thing we can do, but until then, I mean, I think we'll go back to school. I just think things will change. Um, about how students are sitting like no more group work and, or at least for a little bit or things like that. So
And what part of the country are you in?
Nice. Yeah. I was wondering how that I was wondering because like everyone is different, like I'm a teacher in florida, but I actually live in texas now, so we just moved to yourself. Yeah, but since I'm teaching online, it wasn't really a big deal for me to move.
Yeah, except I have to fly back to get all my teaching stuff, which because we drove here and I don't want to fly, I don't necessarily want to fly right now. But um luckily my health is really what good and we're doing all the things we should be doing. So
which is Yeah, exactly. My mom, my mom is in the same boat, but she's the type of person that she's not staying old. She's doing what she should when she's out, but she's not staying in every day so you
know sure where
I
don't know how
men what you say, I'm sorry.
thankfully I don't have any kids yet so I don't have to worry about you know, anybody else except for my wife and I so.
That's why when we go out we just keep, we wear a mask and use hand sanitizer as much as possible. So it's the
Yeah exactly and I hate being stuck inside this much, you know from being a type of person that worked a lot and worked, you know 567 days a week to being able to be stuck at home and expected to do a lot more work is just really uh it's hard
but we've been busy with the with just moving, moving alone has been a process. So luckily distraction something to do, you know, being cooped up inside, getting rid of things and boxing up things and unpacking and all that has just been kind of a blessing in disguise. So
Yeah, exactly. Um but yeah, it's annoying but and that's what we have to do. So
yeah, and even even just the, like I've seen the transparency, like the differences and stuff between here in texas. I'm in the Dallas fort Worth area and I was living in Orlando. So seeing the way Orlando is dealing with things, um basically in Orlando, you just, once Disney and Universal start saying things are a big deal. That's pretty much follows the trend for everything. I mean, even hurricane season when hurricanes come, the school, our school district kind of looks at what Disney is doing. You know, Disney is closing down some things, then we close down. It's, it's just kind of the way are, you know, the school districts are run there, but, and then, um, other than that, I mean, just here, it's, I mean, here, it seems people are a little bit more serious than in Orlando, florida is not married, doesn't they're not taking it serious at all. I mean, in comparison you would think because there's, you know, the median age is a lot higher in florida because a lot of retirees and things like that. But my dad lives in southwest florida, which is predominantly retirement area and they're getting new cases every day, but um, but just like those people aren't staying home, like that's just the way they are. I can tell you that from living down there,
I just think that they, the whole trains, they haven't, um, they never really gave us definite like, restrictions, definite answers. They're saying things like, oh you shouldn't go out or you can go out, but as long as you're exercising, but they don't tell you what constitutes is exercising? Is that, is that walking around my neighborhood, is that playing basketball at the basketball courts? You know, they really just didn't give like a definite answer, like, hey don't do this, specifically, don't do this if you're going to exercise. We were encouraged just walking and bike riding or working outside, you know, they really just didn't give those definite answers. And I think that's what people got confused, confused about our people didn't take it as serious, so.
my buddy lives in um he lives right in one of the suburbs of Chicago and that's what he was saying. He's like, they're they're taking it way more serious than like when I was telling him about Orlando because I haven't talked to him a bit a week or so or two weeks. So he usually, and I usually talk about things like that, so uh just just local politics in general of how different, you know, things are. So But
yeah, I mean, I think it's the hardest thing is the United States has a very high population and I just, what's gonna work for some States isn't going to work for other States. So it's really hard, but they're not locking down the borders for, you know, state, you know, the States, they're not really doing that. So it's like I said, it's like uh so kind of just to give a perspective because florida is such a retirement home community and all that stuff. The flights to Orlando are still expensive because people are flying from new york because they're so, you know, they're limited to do stuff in new york. They're like screw you can go to florida and go to the beach because the beaches
are open. So it's like, what, like why would I be stuck there? So they're bringing it, you know, there or even just adding more people, that's more people in the grocery stores, it's more people that can contract it. So it's kind of a, like I said that they should have just locked down, they said no, if you're here, you're here, you're stuck. Like true quarantine. Yeah.
Yeah. See that's where I'm like, I have to actually fly back to go get the rest of our, my school supplies. All my stuff is in my classroom, but we're, we're not allowed in the classrooms yet, but I still have to go get all that had to fly back though to get it, which sucks, you know? But it's funny because the flights to text from florida to texas are cheap, but the ones from texas to florida are not as cheap So I can get a ticket from Texas to Florida. I mean Texas to Florida is about $100 ticket, but from Florida to Texas, it's like 50. So it's it's yeah, it's crazy how the, how the prices are different.
What?
Yeah, it's, yeah, this whole thing is like I said, I'm, I don't mind doing what they say, they just need to give definite answers and definite, you know, every if, if they, if they said everyone who's outside must wear a face mask, then they just need to say or require all stores. If you're going inside of a story, you must wear a mask, like, but like we went, we live right next to a Target um and a ross and and something else, but like one of the three, you have to wear a mask to go in, like you can't go in without a mask, and then the other two you're fine, it's just like, well to the left of all places, like grocery stores, targets Walmarts, they should be the ones enforcing a mask because you know, any kind of their more heavily, you know, heavier traffic, so.
Yeah, that's the way
the
in in florida, there was two of the coastal counties required you to wear a mask if you were going in the grocery store, but not all stores, and that was only two counties, like in Orlando, I never saw anyone where I'm asked like it was almost rare, And then here it's about it's about 2/3 of 32, in the stores. Um depending on which store walmart. More people wear masks. I mean, sorry, targeting more people are wearing masks at walmart, but um it's all depending on, you know that I don't know if that's a uh like a socioeconomic really. I don't know. I'm sorry. It's my wife. I don't know if that's a socioeconomic thing or if that's just uh you know, just by chance from when we've gone to walmart, the two times, if that's been, you know, just the areas where they're located. It's a kind of a cool nut idea. But the thing that they could look, they're definitely, I'm sure they're looking into if because I'm sure if you go into the areas that are a little bit lower income up near you, it's probably the same. The map, people wearing masks and plus the amount of people like when, when I go to walmart, there's no more than three people in a group at the most. I mean target but wal mart, it's a whole family. It's a slew of people, so I don't know
if.
Exactly. Especially kids. I mean both kids and people with health conditions are just being older with weaker immune systems should be doing everything that they can. I mean at the beginning of this, my wife wouldn't leave the house. I think she was inside for at least three weeks without like not even going anywhere. Um But and it drives you crazy. I mean,
I couldn't imagine this being the complete norm for any longer than it's already been.
Yeah. As long as you got things to keep you busy. I mean, we were in a tiny little apartment trying to both get our new apartment, pack everything up and then our apartments, they're about the same size now, but this one is just a lot more roomy, it's a lot bigger than the other one. Like low ceilings, this one is really high ceilings so um but just being stuck in one place always is just miserable and now now that they're opening up their opening up restaurants and things like that a little bit more but um I don't know,
they haven't opened up restaurants there.
Yeah, we're at 25%, the employees must wear a mask and gloves. Um it's parties of six or less and 25% capacity. Which And then it's gonna go up to 50 in two weeks, it's just like that's weird. I don't know
it.
Well the thing that bothered me the most is they were they were opening up restaurants but they were still keeping salons and barbershops closed and I'm like at restaurants, I'm putting things in my mouth, I'm putting my hand in my mouth, I'm putting forks that are owned by the restaurant my mouth, you know if they don't clean it properly, I mean I know that just taking that chance itself, but at a barbershop where if I wear a mask for the person wears a mask, they're not we're not touching each other's faces, you can limit the amount of people that can come in by appointments only there just blew my mind how going to the grocery store without a mask, going, you know Dowty without a mask quiz. Okay but going to um you know the barbershop salon, you're not allowed to just kind of but they just they just opened up salons and barbershops, uh this last friday, so at least here yeah, they're moving along Orlando Orlando and texas right now we're both they're kind of on the same wavelength. Yeah.
things are gonna change sure.
No I know even vets um A buddy of mine, his wife works in event and they do it where there's two vets, the two vets that work there, the one that has a set of staff and the other vet has a set of staff and they all work certain days together. So that way if one group gets sick then the other group is not going to get sick. It's I mean it's really weird dynamic but luckily I haven't had to go we have to groom our dogs as well but just the nails which is easy. Not they don't they're not long haired dogs so.
have two Beagles, I'm surprised they haven't barked yet. But
I
oh the ours lucky they're pretty good. I mean they're not especially living in apartment, but we put them out, they go we'll go out and sit on our patio and they'll go out there, they might bark at somebody going by, but they're not, you know, no one's called on us or anything, so we've had him for a couple of years and only one person has ever called about our dog barking. And it was before we got our other beagle. And I think she she just had separation anxiety, didn't know where
we were and just crying because she cries when we're in the bedroom and have the door shut and she can't come in, she's your foot. But
Yeah, trust me. I like I said this one's This one's great, the other one only, she knows the words outside walking food. So she you know, she's very simple dog. The other one is just crazy,
but that's the way they usually are. There's always one that's normal and when. That's crazy.
Territory.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's a good thing about dogs if we didn't have a dog, I think I'd go even more crazy. That's how I exercise. I take them for walks every night and usually between three and 4 or 3-5 mile walks, depending on um how I'm feeling. I just called my mom because you know, moms like to talk to their kids and I just tell her all the things that I've done today and all the things I'm gonna do tomorrow and I walk around my neighborhood, you know, go, especially because it's a new neighborhood, go go down different roads and you know, trying to find new restaurants and bars and even if we can't go on them now we might, I might as well go look for him.
No.
Yeah. I'm lucky my grandparents live on the same property as my mom so I need to get a hold of them, luckily my grandmother, I talked to her almost every day so usually I get a good update on everybody. So I mean unfortunately I'm sorry to hear about for you.
Yeah. I've never seen anything like this or even heard of anything like this. I mean we've had pandemics and things before in previous like the polio pandemic and you know spanish flu and like swine flu and things like the aviation flew but nothing were shut down the way it shut down. And also with the mix of technology being available I think like if school, if this was going on before, computers and stuff were really prevalent, uh our kids would just not go to school, they'd be done. They mean maybe get the packets the way that they're doing, but I really highly doubt it would probably just say schools are done, we'll see you next year. Um But luckily, you know computers or make it easy to do this. So um
Yeah, I know that's one thing I tried to do, I try to get news from everywhere, especially because you turned most of the users just negative. So it's uh and
it's good and bad. I mean you get so much information that you sometimes just don't take the proper precautions or you don't not take precautions but you don't get as much, you don't know what's quality news and what's real because there's so many outlets to tell you this. So somebody might report, be reporting one thing and then another one is like reporting something else. You're like, I don't know who to even listen to. Uh So it's been a fun experience to go through this, but I'm ready for it to be over.
Yeah, very much so. And have you, have you been are you, I'm assuming prolific. Right. Have you been doing it for a while?
I've never done that one. I've I've only done prolific and I tried one other one. But I keep saying my passwords wrong, but my password isn't wrong, I use
the same password for almost everything. So I know it's either one of three things and they're all not working and I emailed them and they can't really won't get back to me. So I lost out on some money from doing them. But
I wonder if they have three or four surveys a day. I mean, even if they're only $50 to a dollar, I mean they've got up. I think I've been doing this since I want to say March And I'm probably at $60. So I mean not nothing fantastic but well
no, no, it's it's extra money for us. I figure any, like I won't spend any of it. I'll just keep it on there and eventually I'll cash it out and put it towards, you know, maybe something I wouldn't have, maybe something can splurge on like something I would normally buy with my money. You know, you kind of spoil yourself like, oh I really, I don't need this much bigger of a tv but I'll pay I have the extra money. I might as well throw it, buying a bigger team something like that.
Does
he have his own channel?
What
does
he do
with?
that's cool. Yeah.
Does that does youtube pay decent money at all or is it?
No, hopefully one day. Right.
Yeah. And uh let's play a lot of my family, is there ready to retire? But they just can't, it just shows how different things are now it is. I'll probably never retire. But I also like I guess that I like to work, I hate being stuck at home. I've always worked two jobs, so At 1.3
it's just you know, I just being home.
Yeah, we're actually about 30 minutes, so
Yeah, come on. Yeah. Um Yeah, I think you just go back to the last one and then you hit the next button and then you go from there.
Yeah, good talking to you. Uh you know, thank you for doing this too. The last person I did, it would never showed up, So
Yeah, I know. I was looking forward to it too. And then I had to reschedule this one. So
yeah, exactly. What was nice meeting? You
have
a good day. Bye.