what's good? Can you hear me?
Last time I did this, apparently my microphone like wasn't working so I restarted but it's good that's working this time
Um Three for three right now. So it's looking, it's like that's good.
So like what have you been up to? I guess
write it?
I've heard
of it, but I've been like actively been on it, but like I know what to say it,
what do you
do on it? You can just
Never.
So it's like social media basically. Yeah. Social media, yeah.
So like if someone's famous or to go on that side, how they like verify that they're that person.
requirement.
he
you're right.
Good
people
and
You
probably get a bunch
that's actually pretty cool. Like getting into his mind and stuff. I'm
guessing like, sorry, like a bunch of celebrities do this or like
how often
you're
It's
like they have free time, they can do it.
That's actually pretty cool.
It's like different groups. Okay.
It's
market. That sounds actually like pretty interesting now.
No, but yeah.
Is there any like censorship or does everything is everything allowed?
What only thing like I guess I heard of read it before but the only people that used it were like a certain group so then like I never really got exposed to it. But I was actually like I learned more about Reddit today from you and I have like my previous life. Yeah.
So
I like I'm just about to start college.
Yeah.
Mhm. But right now I'm staying at home for it, so. Okay.
Yeah. Mhm. So where are you from?
Pennsylvania? I'm from California.
Yeah, yeah, I did one yesterday and that goes from san Francisco, which is like not too far off from my house. So he knew like the town I was from and stuff.
Oak Oakland or Oakley,
mm hmm. I live more near like sacramento. So it's like not really close to the day, but like more like NorCal like in the middle ish.
Mhm. So what else are you into besides you read it?
I'm a Bangles fan. So it's been kind of tough for the last like half decade, Like not having that like last 25 years, basically.
Yeah. Like there's no other emotion besides depression when you're able to.
What's your situation now? Everyone left?
Elliot.
The Bangles Up joe burrow. So that's like, and now it's like thing to look forward to, but knowing our luck, something's gonna go wrong at some point. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Their decision is like, I don't like our decision is kind of hard Ravens. Steelers and then the browns, they claim to be good, but then it's the brown, so Mhm.
Mhm. I don't know. Yeah. So what video games are you into?
I like,
I've been like gone totally into video games. Like I played like Call of Duty War Zone occasionally. It's like, I'm like, I wouldn't say an avid gamer just like kind of was like a free time thing.
Federal.
Yeah. When I try to grind the game, I get burnt out so easily. So then I just have to like take a break. Do you play like with other people or like by yourself?
What?
I saw a video series like years ago, like when I was in like middle school, they did like a server like that And it lasted like 200 episodes in each episode was like an hour and a half long and I watched the whole thing because it was interesting to watch. I forget who it was though. Mhm.
I think it was him that I watched.
It was like, yeah.
Yeah, it was like the 10 million guy, like subscriber guy. Yeah. Mhm. Is mine graphs little thing now where has it like
die
down
Like barely anything.
The
normal part. Yeah.
So
It takes you to like hell basically.
That's probably what the game never dies out because they keep adding new stuff to it
and
I think
good.
No.
Yeah. That's crazy. Become alcoholic
to
think
how do they even make it up? Like how do they create it?
No.
Can one guy do it or is it like a group of people that work together?
Little
paper.
Oh, shut up.
Criminal.
Yeah. Do they monetize it like when someone makes a mod, do they
like,
could she do it some
like,
so she just did it because she loved the game? Yeah, Sure.
Yeah. I don't
think Minecraft ever gonna die then because like your community is really good and then like game developers always, I got stuff to it. Yeah. Very
All
Yeah. So you're like a lot older than me then?
I'm like, I just heard 18. Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh man. I feel like every person I've talked to, it's been a lot older. I'd like a six year old. And then the guy from yesterday, I think he was about, you didn't tell me his age by the way he was talking like he kept like, what are youngsters doing these days as I assumed he was a lot older than me. Yeah. What? Yeah.
Yeah. So did you find prolific off Reddit or
beer
money
Could.
Yeah. Have you been doing other side for just this one?
I've been doing
it for like some like middle of summer or something. And then it's like, you don't have yeah. What you said basically like you don't have to like try that much, but it's like easy stuff and it pays him better than anything else. Like all manner. There's this other surveys that I did, it was called Q Me and it's like 70 cents for like 11 minutes of a survey. It's not worth it.
For some reason
I'm
banned
on that. I don't even like, I guess I signed up before I was 18
and they're like, because I went back like a couple of weeks ago, I was like, oh yeah, you can't access to stuff
mistake.
It's whatever though. It's like, Yeah. Yeah.
Did you hear about like the weather here in California?
It's like orange outside? It's crazy.
Here's
it's
always
this time of year to
it's like crazy smoky outside and there's like ash falling from the sky. It's work.
It feels like it was like pitch black by like 5:00 today or yesterday, which only happens during december and stuff.
It's
like
Yeah, they were saying this year as well because like the fires were started by lightning, but usually in the past I was like man made stuff PG and he did it like caused it basically like
couple
years
ago.
They closed our school is whack because like the like college on my my town, they closed early like a week before we did. And you can tell the air was like not safe to be in, but our high school was still trying to force us to go like this wasn't safe. That ought to be outside. But then they were like on the last day to like, all right, you guys seem like take the day off. Okay.
Oh yeah.
Right now. I'm not really sure. I'm just undecided. I'm gonna take a couple of classes and like figure it out. I'm going to junior college right now. So it's kind of like, it's more low key I guess.
The problem is like what, it's not really a problem, but what I've noticed is that like everyone in my class is like a good amount older than I am. Like, I was taking like a math class, like a basic math class and there's people like in their thirties with like kids and stuff, the youngest person is like, that's the last class are going to take before they transfer out. It's like think.
Yeah. But I feel like in junior college is not really that much like connection. I started to get like that a normal one, but that's like the feeling I got, but school hasn't started yet, so I don't know.
Were you a chef like
or are you a
now?
Well, like cuisine did you focus on?
My sister is thinking about it like she likes cooking. I was like a like a hobby I guess, but she was like contemplating it.
Okay.
Okay.
So have you seen hell's kitchen before?
So is it like realistic what like how chaotic and stuff it is when they do like dinner service and all that?
Where?
Mhm. So either guy at the, like at the front,
is that
what
the
executive chef?
So you made sure everything was ok and like before you sent it out because I always wondered like in a normal kitchen are they really messing up that much like because
it
feels like
simple. Yeah.
So how upset are you allowed to get out though? Because Gordon Ramsay goes crazy. But I'm guessing you can't go like that far.
And
Have it.
And
I get
it like he does it for like show and stuff, but sometimes it's hysterical.
was hilarious.
Mhm Yeah, hurry.
Mhm.
So
that time
went by quick.
Yeah, it was nice talking to you.