Hey what's up?
I can hear you. Can you hear me? All right?
Yeah I've done five of these now. This is the second time somebody showed up. Yeah. Three.
Yeah. That's pretty good.
Yeah. Uh mainly read it.
Yeah. I don't know if you if you know they All right. It's a social media website. It's just a news aggregator and like people
post.
Yeah I spent hours a day on that site on
that.
Mostly read and look at memes talk to people because they have like direct messaging. Like you can pm people like a sort of email system. And then they've also got like instant messaging, like chat
features and basically somebody will post a news article like say uh there was a fire in santa Clarita California today. And then there will be a bunch of people talking about it in the comments section. Yeah like
but they don't verify your identity or anything like facebook does like you can just you can call yourself whatever you want on that. Yeah.
well you can verify by posting a picture of yourself holding your user name written on a piece of paper that way like you can't like nobody can say it's not
you like Arnold Schwarzenegger for example. He's
done, he's done interviews on Reddit, like his user name, the name he goes by on the site is Governor Schwarzenegger and he's done what they what they have our interviews
called. Ask me anything and so his hill post, the topic will be called my name, I'm Arnold Schwarzenegger, former governor of California, movie star, bodybuilder yada yada yada, ask me anything and
then
anybody
on Reddit, like anybody in the world because the account is free, you can make one so anybody can ask questions directly to him and if you're lucky enough that he sees your question because thousands of people can
be
yeah and the celebrity will hang out for an hour or two and answer questions and then okay I gotta go guys, you know.
that
they
they've had a lot of celebrities do it. Um It's not a regular schedule
thing like any day you might see A Celebrity am A Pop up
and
yeah and like they don't even have to schedule it with anybody. Like they can post it whenever they want.
Yeah and like I said anybody can post to the site like say um you're a programmer right? They have a subreddit, that's what their individual like topic boards are called. They have a separate our programming and you can go in there and like reprogramming news and talk to other programmers. And then they have another one called R learn programming. Or you could go on there and like learn about programming languages you don't understand or even teach people about ones that you do understand. Yeah.
and that they have they have a subreddit for anything you can think of like whatever your favorite
tv show I guarantee you they have a subreddit for it where people are talking about every episode.
Yeah it's a great website Especially it's gotten even bigger over the years. Like I've been using it for 11 years 12 years now since it was a really small just it was originally just like a nerdy news website like it was just about tech news and I. T. Stuff and all the newest gaming computer stuff and all that and since then it started evolving and now there's like they're like I said there's a subreddit for like anything you can think of. Like every single thing. There's a subreddit for cigarettes, there's a subreddit for these Vape things. There's a subreddit for the juice that goes in the Vape things.
There's separators for damn near every country on earth. Like there's uh, the US subreddit, there's the UK subreddit, there's the china subreddit, they got the Russian subreddit, there's India Pakistan, and um, I believe Bangladesh has a subreddit to, there's a several african countries also have separatists and it's cool because people, like from those areas can all talk to each other and
well it's user moderate. So like, say you wanted to make a subreddit about, uh, so ham and cheese sandwiches, just as an example, you would create the subreddit and you would call, it would be called our hand sheets, you know, that probably exists, but, and you would be in charge of moderating and like if somebody posted something that had nothing to do with him and cheese, you can take the post down, you know? And another thing is, users vote on whether they like the particular submission or not, you can upload something or download it and the higher something gets up, voted, the higher it will be shown to you on the page. So the more something is liked by the community, the traitor position will have. Yeah.
it's one of my favorite pastimes. Like,
I assume you're a college student, you look about the right age,
they, whatever college are going to you, it has a subreddit
and you can talk to people who go there right now, you know?
obviously because of the covid stuff
pennsylvania.
That's funny. The last girl I talked to was from California to,
my brother lives in Oakley,
Oakley, it's right near Oakland, it's right off the bat.
I was born and raised in Jersey, but I moved to Pennsylvania like 12 years ago.
Video games, definitely. Video games. Uh, football. American football, not soccer. Uh huh.
There's a guy watch on youtube flem low wraps. He's a Bengals fan and every time he's always sad in the video.
Yeah, I've been a patriots fan for years, but with drunk gone and now with brady gone and
yeah, I don't know. And it's just not going to be fun and they're not gonna be fun to watch anymore. But I
mean,
I mean it could be the year. It definitely could be the year.
Ravens are one of the toughest teams in the woody.
Yeah. Um, to be honest, mostly Minecraft, We're also civilization five. Um, Skyrim. Um, I play a lot of Saints Row, trend theft auto. That's about
it at the moment.
Yeah, I have stages
where sometimes I'll sit there and do nothing but play Minecraft from the moment I wake up until the moment I fall asleep and I'll do that for a week straight. Just play Minecraft And then I won't touch it for 3, 4 months.
I do both. Sometimes most of the time I play on my own worlds, but sometimes I like to go on service just for the PVP to fight other people because I mean the combat
and Minecraft is boring in single player because it's just you against the monsters and no monsters are really difficult to fight. But when you go out there into a server where there's like 50 people signed in and you're all trying to kill each other, then it's a lot more exciting.
Yeah, I actually watched a couple of guys just Dire Wolf, there's Captain sparkles. Um
Captain sparkles.
He is hugely popular.
Oh yeah there's
still even
updating again. Yeah they just came out with a huge update. I don't know how much you know about Minecraft but there's
there's a dimension that's like where you start out, it's called the Over World, it's basically like the real world. Like
their start.
Yeah there's dirt and trees and grass and animals
and then there's if you take Obsidian and build it into a portal.
Yeah exactly, it's called the Nether and it's just there's fire and brimstone and all that and they made a huge update and um now in the nether there's actually different like bio moms like you can go through forests and then like hell forests and then there's like swamps in hell now instead of it all just being uniform, it has the different bios like the over world does.
Oh yeah and plus the modern community like actually just amateur people will write modifications
for the
game and like you can download them on
a lot, like you can download them off the internet and install them once of your own copy of Minecraft. And then you can for example, there's a mod that I use that you can build a rocket ship and go to the moon and
then you get special metal off the moon and build a new rocket ship and that rocket that takes you to mars and then you can take from mars, you can go like explore jupiter in this balloon thing. It's crazy.
Yeah, like I didn't
write
them out, I just use it.
Well my craft itself was originally written in java. So basically it's
just code. Like that's all, that's all it is. The slides of code. And to write the modifications. It's, you can use lua you can use java. Um
Well you can make small mods by yourself. Or if you're willing to work on a model for a really long time, you can make a big mud by yourself. But some of the bigger mods are a lot of work like pam's harvest craft. This one lady made the model but it took her like two
years
to make them on. But she added hundreds of different foods that can be grown and you can combine those foods and all sorts of different ways. Like in normal Minecraft, you can kill a chicken and you have a chicken corpse and then you took the chicken and you can eat the chicken and it's just a chicken. But with pam's Harvest Craft you can take the chicken and some peppers and some flour and some oil. And you can make hot wings. Yeah.
Or you could take some wheat and some eggs and some water and then some tomatoes and cheese and you can make a pizza
like in Minecraft. And now, instead of just eating the boring Minecraft, which you can draw all these different stuff and mix all this different stuff together and make whatever you want.
Some
of the mods are monetized.
No
chance is free. Yeah, bam's is completely free.
I believe she has like links on the download side. Like donate to her, but it's not mandatory. You can totally just download get
in.
And I mean kids still
love it. So those are going to be that's going to be another generation that are going to grow up playing it. Because I mean, I've been playing it for, I mean, I've been with my life for almost nine years and I played Minecraft for like a year before that. So I've been playing Minecraft for like 10 years and
Oh yeah, I'm 38. Yeah.
wow. Congratulations
Man,
18. I remember 18.
think you do about 20. So I was only a little off.
Yeah, there's actually a subreddit called our beer money.
And
yeah, it's little things you can do online to earn little bits
of money for like pocket, spend the money, you know, like beer money. It's just just like, you need a case of beer going prolific for a couple of days. You'll have money for a case of beer.
No, just this one. it basically, it, it gives me enough surveys to where I don't feel like I'm working a lot, but I am building up a little bit of side money. Like I've been doing this For not even a month and I've made like $130 off it already just
goofing
Yeah. And then, I mean there's always mturk but until you get all your like experience built up, you're not
getting
paid
at all.
Then
that's
ours.
Mhm. Okay.
I've heard it, Everything's on fire in California.
I was looking
at a map, like a live map of all the different wildfires in California on Reddit earlier actually and it's insane. There's fire everywhere
and
we're
and where there's not fire, there's like the smoke because it showed where the densest smoke was like it had a color gradient for how bad the air was, right.
apocalypse.
I
forget
what town it was in California last night broke the world record for the most lightning strikes in a certain amount of time and it started a bunch of fires all the way, so that's even more fire
last
year. I
remember
reading about that.
Yeah. Oh
so what are you going to school for?
Get all the general education stuff done. I mean it's still progress sadly and gives you more time to figure out what you want to do because you can talk to people in college about what they're planning on doing and maybe you want to do what that person is doing.
beast. No I guess a lot of old older people are going back to school,
I did a little bit of college but then I ended up going to culinary school. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah, it was
for I'm
not a chef anymore and uh I'm partially retired but I have a business where I sell the juice. Yeah and
um I was trained in french cuisine but um I spent most of my time doing american and some irish, I was a chef for 10 years before I burned out and couldn't do it anymore, I had to quit.
If you can get into a good
place like if you can get a good contract, like a high end restaurant, it's worth it, but if you're just gonna be like a lot
a line cook somewhere then it's not worth, you know, I don't work because you'll be working 10 12 hour days and breaking your back and it's so hot most kitchens, it's just it's so bad. I did it for 10 years and I had to stop.
Oh yeah, I love that show.
at some places. Yeah. I mean when I when I was the executive chef at my last place, it was falling apart before I left like the kitchen. It was it was bad because the owners didn't want to hire good line cooks. So I had to train idiots basically. Like they would hire, they would hire these cheap um illegal people And I had to train because there and they were they only wanted to pay them to $3 an hour because I mean you can't pay a citizen that's against the law but they would hire the they would hire the illegal immigrants and pay them three bucks an hour. And I had to train those people to like make five star food, you know? And it's it just wasn't working out, Things were taken too long to come out and it was more like kitchen nightmares than house kitchen. Honestly. Yeah.
Yeah. That place ended up closing down not too long after I quit
now.
How
is
he
now? The executive chef was I was basically the Gordon Ramsay of that restaurant. I was the guy in charge of the kitchen.
In
most
of most of the kitchens I've worked in now, but I have worked in some kitchens where they fuck up constantly. Like We had this one guy who messed up the same piece of fish twice. 3rd time he was cooking, he got mad and he slammed it down onto the floor.
that wasn't that wasn't cool. And
no, it depends on the owner's because if the owners give you some leeway because I mean I work for the owner I like as long as my boss is cool with me yelling at the employees, I'll yell at the employees
if my boss wasn't cool with it, I got to tone it down, right. I've called people fucking idiots
in the kitchen before. Right. I don't go quite to Gordon Ramsay's level of theatrics.
I mean he's he's his own breed. Like the guys
create
like when you put the two plates a little bread on that girl's ear and made her call himself an idiot sandwich. Oh my God, like that's that's a different
level of funny. My wife heard that you have. Mhm.
Okay.
Oh
wow. It's actually it's actually
beautiful.
Yeah, well, it's been nice talking to you
All right, have a good one man.