I right
I'm
right now from florida. Well
wow. Not in the hurricane path I hope
no
separate.
good. Yeah I'm all the way over in the panhandle basically
Alabama over here. So
what do you what do you do? Are you working from home? Are you a student? Yeah
so.
Okay.
I'm currently working from home. I actually up
and live up in the D. C. Area but I've just spent down here is everything went remote? So just kind of took the opportunity. I have family down here it's like well I guess I'm going to work from home for the next few months so
in there.
I'm good.
Yeah definitely. Weird
time. Mhm.
Do you feel prepared to go into virtual learning? Is that weird wonder I've been wondering how that is as a student to suddenly not be going
back to school?
So.
no what sucks.
man
so
couples
please do.
his
name
is what?
bonkers.
That's awesome.
I can see that that's
great. I have a cat somewhere around here and she just kind of she's just sitting down there. She
is in the mopes and sits in the sun all day. But does
yeah I don't really do much. She just does her thing and I just sit here and maybe she'll love me. I don't know she just stares at the wall. I don't understand. She'll sit in weird places and stare at the wall rather than out like into the actual room. I don't quite get it.
Wall is more interesting than me I guess. Oh
man now I totally get that like just wearing your pajamas all the time. I have a call for were like every morning with my coworker that's ridiculous and pointless. But they're they're an hour ahead of me back in D. C. So they're they're calling it 9 30 it's 8 30 for me and I'm just like I'm on the phone and I said hello and I don't know what you're saying after that because I'm still asleep and I'm
dreading the day when I have to go back to work or have to start doing video calls or something and I clearly can't be laying down on my pillow still half asleep on the video call so feel your pain.
it's
it
gosh
all this extra time. I know I mean I get up pretty early now but it's it's still not that like some people get up at six a.m. They're ready to go and it's like that's not normal. I know
I'm not about I'll get up high and say that's early and even
still man
well like
you
have extra time to do things in the day but why just stay up later and do them that same differences. I yeah.
Which
speak?
It's a regular, it's saving time every morning that you're going to the front. Yeah
I can't do that anymore. I'm passed out by about 11:30 AM. Sad. Hold on to your youth
I'm only 20.
No I'm only 28 but I feel ancient those days catches up to you. Yeah.
well have you?
What
so
it's
but with good time.
Oh man. Yeah I gotta do what you can with those quarantine birthdays. Yeah.
okay. All leading up to the 21st especially so you got to have the breakout birthday when he turned 20 because hopefully God we're no longer like lockdown And then you have like this big dash and then the next year you're 21 and you go all out.
Yeah, especially down in florida, you got the beaches. Oh
how?
I
think.
I come in from D. C. So my partner
lives and works down here, which is why I'm like excuse me opportunity to finally like be in the same state. But it's like we had all these plans to do stuff in florida whenever I would come and visit and now I'm living down here and can't do anything that we had planned to do because everything's shut down. Even the pool in our apartment community is completely closed. Like God I'm in florida and can't do anything florida related whatsoever. Like this sucks. I might as well be up in D. C. With no sun and no. Yeah. Uh Yeah swimming is nice
few times. Like we have a little bit of a section of the beach area that's for military only. So it's a bit less people like there's plenty of like 100 ft between us and the next family over. So we've gone out a few times but it's still not the same because like I'm just so paranoid like nobody gets close to me, stay way over there. It's almost
not worth it because you can't really relax so it's like we don't really
but
this
is.
like kids touch everything and I've always been the person who's hyper aware of when people are coughing near me or like kids are slobbering on everything. And now I go out to the stores and just like I don't want to touch anything. I can't go down this aisle because there's like six kids with this one thing like I'm just gonna, I'll circle back. I don't want to be in the same vicinity of them.
Yeah. It's gonna be max all the time. Yeah.
I know like it is a layer of protection just because I mean, why not? But yeah, I think for the majority of people over here in this culture, it's like that's crazy saying that you shouldn't have to do, but it's like lots of
countries.
Yeah, I was looking crazy times and lots of
this already on a regular basis. So shouldn't be anything that new worldwide at least. Yeah, definitely sucks.
Maybe I will say having like new movies being released at home is one kind of nice. Oh
That's fun.
you should
try
upward. Never heard of, you can go on there. And people like, you know, stuff like, hey, I need a cartoon artist or somebody to like draw out this idea that I have and they pay you to do it anything like get practice and stuff.
This shit.
No,
sorry.
I kind of talked to you
in my head, in my head in actual practice. Not so much. I've been crushing lego harry potter on Xbox. So
so it's kind of, it's fun but kind of sad. I'm already on the fifth one in a week.
So I got that accomplishment
a lot of lego. Um, I recently no, actually also got one of those drawing tablets recently, partly
for, but I really wanted it for myself and then I needed it for work and like I have an excuse to buy this now. Um Like I I kind of do cartoons and stuff like on paper and like I'd be kind of cool and put it on a computer man. It's bad like I was already bad enough on paper and trying to do. It's really
Yeah. Yeah.
No.
What
state
I like it doesn't look like nothing. Oh
I don't know if I've ever listened to jazz like really, really listen to it. I've heard it and I usually just shut it off in
my head. I
don't know,
I will listen to anything but 20 country and hard wrap just can't get into either.
I don't drive anymore. First of all and second of all of it like five minutes on the boat. It's not enough for now.
I have
to get past the commercials.
Yeah
and
then,
No.
no
that sucks.
V. Man you don't drive avoiding D. M. V. Is worth not
it.
it's
such.
I know I don't understand that. There's no good time and there's no good DMV where fewer people go to there's just I don't understand how so many people need so many things all the time. Business. Yeah.
Well.
Thanks.
And
so
boy.
All
that's
I wouldn't miss
tell me about it. I've had some
I've had some D. M. V. Horror stories just from the past two months because like everything is still set in Virginia. I've been down here for like five months now but everything is still tied in my Virginia address and I paid off my car. So like I finally huh? Finally
owned my own freaking car. Um But they
lost the title to my car. They just couldn't find it. So like I pay it off. They need to give me my title so I can have it so we can't find it. We don't we don't know what happened to it like cool bro. Great.
So then I finally got my title and then I had to renew my registration because that was up in july until I go to renew it online. It's like you don't even have a car in Virginia. What are you talking about? It's like, oh my God.
So I had to call the D. M. V. Again. They're like, oh well it says here in our system that you sold it. It's like, What? No, it's like yeah you sold it on April 22 of this year. And I'm like, first of all your offices were closed. I couldn't even physically go there to tell you I sold it and give you the certificate of sale. And they're like, well it says you sold him. It's like, oh my God, like you need to fix your shit. It took like another month for them to get back to me and say, yeah, it was just a clerical issue, somebody just past the wrong button. So we have your car in our system and we realized that you do in fact on it. And I was like, really?
That's great news because suddenly
my car disappeared from my driveway and just went
missing. Like, oh my God, it was nuts.
Is
it a major
stroke
of
us?
I'm
not.
well.
Well.
What?
Like they haven't set up to do it online but it's not set up properly for actually function. So it's like what's the point? You paid people to set it up online but clearly you didn't hire the right person because it's not working.
Oh my God, it's gonna be a nightmare.
And she
I
don't envy
the
people
that
you know
that.
Only now. Only just now.
Like
the
I like the nicest craft we are sinking like well
and I mean If you've been playing the 2020 Bingo where it's like
what's going to happen
this
night?
Who had a volcanic explosion for july? Like select your
bingo market.
It's just a mess
after mess.
Oh my gosh.
We've been cursed. Yeah.
It all started in 2016 when memes finally hit mainstream and everybody was complaining about 2016 and here we are, four years later like, Oh God. Mhm.
I didn't know anything in 2016.
Absolutely.
Mhm. That's what we've had.
Oh God, we've been close the past two years already. I mean, it's just getting down to the wire now. Oh my God,
are
we a lot? So,
you know, there's also a thing, are you going around there's that one huge whatever, conductor in Switzerland, where they're trying to bend time or whatever, seeing what they can do with this one atom thing, if they can split it. And there was something where they were running a test and some little rodent crawled into the machine and broke it and it stopped the whole test that they were running. And now there's this this theory going around that the weasel, actually, instead of breaking the machine, it actually worked. But now we're in this parallel timeline that we shouldn't be on anymore. You gotta get back alone. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Like come
on.
See
him.
Stay.
Stay up there and stay
away.
Well there. Uh huh.