All right. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm mm.
Okay, cool. Um, so Hi, hope you're doing well. Oh, my name is steven. How are you?
No. Okay, cool. Uh where you, where you coming from? Uh huh.
same. Yeah,
Yeah. Yeah. I'm
not by Fort Lauderdale,
so we just carburetor. Hi.
I got me,
Uh huh. Got here. Okay, cool. All
a student actually, I'm going into sophomore radio um
currently at University of Miami. Um yeah,
yeah, school starts in two weeks. So excited for that. Um doing everything online still. Um So yeah. Um what about you? What do you do?
what?
yeah, that's good. Oh,
it's good to see family because I haven't I haven't seen most of mind in a while. Uh
Yeah, they all live in pennsylvania. Um uh it's just me, mom and dad, but yeah,
as
you? Um
paper,
It was it was definitely weird. Um just like everything or you know, I kind of like it um just because I can go back and watch recordings, so I don't technically have to be there. Um And also um I would just wake up minutes before class and stay in bed the whole time. Um which is kind of awesome. Um Yeah, I would just show up in pajamas, like you can very clearly tell. I just woke up and yeah, my my french teacher didn't like that too much, so she started demanding like, okay, dress
code. Uh
But yeah, so I don't know, I like, I kind of like online classes. Um I just, I miss my friends and I miss like being able to do clubs and stuff because I was in like theater club, I don't know how that's gonna work out,
but
yeah, so, well, I've been okay. Um I got a, this is, this is a weird segue, but I do have a pet and I'm like,
let me show you a
little axe, a lot of that. He's very small. Um I can just try to create this areas. Yeah, just a little baby right now. I had him for about a month. He's very cute.
Name is bonkers.
His
name is uh bunkers.
Well, yeah, okay,
I, I love you a lot. Um Yeah, well, taking care of this kind of just been like something to do during quarantine, so I, I enjoy it or
now.
cute.
I love cats. They're so great.
She's vibing.
um
All
I remember for like classes, especially like later in the semester because that's just done. Um I would just turn off video and I would keep it off the whole time and kind of like lay there listening. Um Which just is code for, I fell asleep during class. Um It's like what's the point of waking up before noon if I don't have to? All right. Today, today was like
today is like an anomaly. Um I went to bed early for once um Waking up at waking
up at nine is an experience because none of my friends are awake yet. What
do I do with myself? Uh huh.
I
morning
morning people or something.
I don't
get that.
not being able to go out is kind of messing up because I'll go to bed at 34 am I wake up and you?
It's like I
have a sleep schedule. Not a good one, but it's there. Um
Oh
Yeah. How old are you by the way?
I was like wait a minute, you don't look that much older than me. I'm 19.
It was it was my it was my 19th birthday a little while ago. On the 25th,
thank you. Um Yes. Gosh, I must be able to go places my friends, but no, it was still
it was still pretty
fun birthday party.
Um Well I'm kind of like some living, my parents still so like my mom took me to Party City and it's like here pick out some decorations. Um And it was really dumb but I ended up going with like a troll seem like the DreamWorks movie because I thought it be funny. Um So like just trolls plates of like Charles napkins and I'm like I am and I'm an adult, I'm very mature.
it was a good time and you enjoy it.
All I know is is 20th birthday is going to be off the chain for sure.
Gonna go hog wild. It's gonna be great.
I just got one thing I didn't
appreciate until it was gone swimming. I really enjoy it. Like I just be
able
to go to pools and like the ocean and stuff. I've been swimming so long and that's it. Yeah.
Ever.
Yeah, I miss that.
If I,
I was like um getting some like ice cream or whatever my parents yesterday and um like just
a bunch of people sitting
around
the outside tables, no masks and then like their their kids are like running around. Um also no masks and I'm just like, hi, I just, I want to get through a camp with your stupid kids. Police corral them like okay.
But I think I think just down the line we're all just gonna have germophobe to from here on out.
which is interesting. Um considering it was like it wasn't really a thing before this year at least in the states and now it's everywhere. Oh yeah, I don't I don't know if I'll ever feel safe going out without a mask now.
we
live in crazy times
with.
one day we'll get movie theaters back. Yeah.
like I've been kind of occupying myself with video games and stuff because I was still happening. Thank you. I wish I had animal crossing but I don't own a Nintendo switch so that's that's a no um that's what I do with myself these days. I draw a lot. That's something, yeah I got myself this like little tablet during quarantine to draw my computer. That's fun. Um
Not very good, I'm not very good. Um I've tried to like, you know post online like hey anyone want to pay me to draw no bites on that yet, but we'll see how that goes. I just, I don't,
it
was
Okay I'm just gonna
go to bookmark that. Um
But yeah um I decided to try to stop it, I completely forgot.
No
it's okay. Um I guess like do you do any creative stuff? Yeah.
that's fun. Yeah.
this
that's a lot of lego
person.
it's it's definitely a struggle because on paper I'm really practiced but then with like the little tablet pen, it's like I can't do this great line because my hand wobbles and I'm just like, no what? Uh
I give just scrutinizing every detail and end up spending like 10 hours on like a little like doodle. Um That's the process. I'm still I'm still learning how to use it. Um But yeah, definitely best $40 I ever spent got
a cheap one. Uh but yeah. Oh what else? But it's kind of trying to think of conversation topics. Um I don't know. You
like
jet?
I don't listen to john so much kind of kind of into it. It's kind of nice.
All
What kind of music do you listen
to out of curiosity?
that's fair. I honestly say um I guess I kind of just I don't like pop that much, like it's very hit or missed for me. Um Yeah God it's been so long since actually listen to the radio. Yeah. Does anyone use the radio anymore?
I
still
yeah I still don't know how to drive. Um Which is something because I got I got my learner's permit but I've been on it for two years because I never bothered to actually take the test. Um
So I'm like trying to get like the D. M. V. Two like schedule thing for me so
I
can do it because I just need to take a practical. Um But like I took the God I took the knowledge test a couple of years back but I lost the certificate and I need to present that so now I have to call the servicer that I took the test with. Um And I was and I called their office and they're like leave a message and we'll call you back because there are 100 people in the queue before you, 110 people.
And they called me back six hours later and I missed their call back and now I'm
just like him I'm gonna have to get in the line again. I'm just like what do you mean 100 people are calling? What is I'm so done.
huh.
God I hate D. M. V.
Is horrible. I don't like yeah
I
got my getting my because like one time I like lost my permit which basically is my ID. So I was like I gotta go get another one. Um I couldn't drive because I was living in Miami at the time so I you know it's several train and bus rides later and finally at the office and I have to wait another two hours just to get the stupid card. Um I'm like, why is it always packed? It's always packed.
Yeah. Just
trying to call any office these days is really hard. Um I gosh, there's so many offices um because I got okay, so like, you know how the census is the thing that's happening this year, so many things happening. Um I applied to work for them in
like february or March. Um as like, you know, people who goes and knocks on your door and it's like, hey, did you fill it out? Um And so
there they were supposed to give me training yesterday, but they didn't tell me where in the email and they didn't tell me when they
just said we'll just, they said call our office to find out and I try to call and they're like, hey, leave a message and then the phone says sorry, we can't leave a message because they're in boxes full
this afternoon. What
I'm supposed to do, Why are you
also making this email? Just
huh. The government offices are really going through it right now. Yeah.
What's up?
Perfect.
No.
Love it.
Well.
It's
I
what
just the government is it's not it's not having a good time right now. Just any any basic government thing is a nightmare Like
trying
to change
my
voter
registration because I moved from one town to the other uh 70 recently. And so I'm like, cool, I just need a they're like, we have an online form and I'm like, cool, let me just fill it out. And they're
like,
sorry, we can't verify it. You have to, you have to print out the form and mail it to a P. O. Box somewhere in town, I'm messy and I'm just like why? And then my mom tries to do the same action or just change our address, no problems. She can just submit it online and I'm like
why?
Mhm. It just like
I know mailing it's not the biggest thing, but it's also like why do I have to go through these extra steps and pay for postage and like X. Y. And Z. What is this?
I think I think mail in ballots are going to be an interesting process um with helmets, a government is like messing up right now.
She's
cheesy,
I'm
just
gonna
I'm
trying
to
get it in as soon as possible. Like here you go. Like in august like I'm not gonna wait till october bomb, it's like my patience is wearing thin with the United States government.
it's always been thin. But now I'm like, now you're personally inconveniencing me. I
want
Stephanie.
Yeah. God, this is the weirdest, slowest apocalypse. I don't like it.
no, I haven't
seen
it
around.
gosh,
It's just living in florida and it says, oh cool, you know that pandemic that's happening great. Now we're in hurricane season and I'm just like, yeah,
will
it ever end? Will it ever end?
Oh we're seeing a post somewhere about like In ancient Greece there, like in an insult was I hope you live in interesting times. Um and I'm really feeling that in the year of our Lord 20 train. I'm really feeling that. Oh man.
take back everything I said about the last five years.
God,
great. We truly were just unenlightened, But now I think we've hit I think we've hit Nirvana in terms of Yeah, I don't uh you know, not to jinx it. No, I was about to say you
can't get worse. No, he can. It absolutely. It will.
I don't know like november. The election. Maybe maybe by december will hit like nuclear warfare. Who knows?
Well, what a time to be alive. Mhm.
Better.
Are People going around with the theory that like actually the world ended in 2012 and we've all just been living in the aftermath are living?
That's what we get for. Playing God. Uh huh.
Don't you hate when you're trying to do science and then a little rat just messes the whole thing up
so relatable.
What are you guys? Okay, so I think it's been like 25 minutes, 27. So I think I think we're good. Oh yeah, it was really nice to meet. You. Have
to have
a great day. Good by
me.
You
too.