SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Right on. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Uh Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Fine.
SPEAKER_R: How are you kid looking for the chat window thing that they talked about? Do you see the chat window thing? What is it your face or? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I've seen my face and I see your face too.
SPEAKER_R: okay. That's what I say to. Okay. Did they tell anything about what you what we're supposed to talk about? I didn't see anything.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't see anything either.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So, so I don't know if it's just anything. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: do you want to introduce ourselves first? So I'm 21 right now and I go to the University of California Berkeley majoring in economics. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm twice your age, I'm 40. Um and I live in Oregon and I actually teach at Oregon state. So so your
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: your university, you all are you not going back in the fall?
SPEAKER_L: We don't know yet but we're probably not going.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I saw that some of the cal state schools and so I didn't know if Okay, uh we're planning on going back face to face, but who knows? Right. Yeah. How do you like Berkeley?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's very interesting, it's like very vibrant and there's just like a lot of energy around it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Cool. What about are you from the area?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from like fremont were just like it's like nearby,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: northern California
SPEAKER_L: um it's like do you know where the Tesla factory is?
SPEAKER_R: now?
SPEAKER_L: Well it's like just the bay area, it's like it's like an hour away from san Francisco. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have um I know some people who are from southern cal and then a lot of people that seems like from California come up to Oregon so
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Oregon once when I was younger.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I didn't move here till maybe four years ago. I'm more from the midwest. So I think it was Kansas for a while in Missouri and some of those areas. So have you been 21 long? You're something? And so what made you choose? Economics?
SPEAKER_L: Um so like when I was younger I was like I was like starting business, so I think that's one of the main reasons why. So like um I'm majoring in economics with a minor in data sciences.
SPEAKER_R: it's awesome. That's really good. That's like you're totally setting yourself up for good future. Are your classes? Were you talking about everything going on right now? Like a nice
SPEAKER_L: We were like overall we're like just the other day we had a discussion on the effects of like COVID-19 on the entire economy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean in some ways it's a really great just chance to learn from what's happening. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: what you need to teach
SPEAKER_R: I teach in the business school um I teach management classes so more of the H. R. O. B. Classes so human resources or behavior strategic management like that.
SPEAKER_L: that's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I have obviously colleagues who do Nikon and finance and, and some of those things, but um, that was never never my forte. But it's always fascinating. And I've had some fascinating, um, conversations with some Econ and finance people where it's cool to see, you know, things that you wouldn't necessarily expect, you know, like whether or not you should actually pay off your home versus, um, versus not in terms of the implications later on and stuff. So it's cool, which is, is Nikon in the business school there or is it in something else?
SPEAKER_L: It is I go to like HaAS right now
SPEAKER_R: What is that?
SPEAKER_L: because for it's like the US um so you can search it up online, but essentially for first two years I was just in the college of like letters and sciences, and then afterwards I transferred to the high school of business.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. The house coldness. Okay. Yeah. Oh good. Our business school is not named yet. So it's, um, it's funny, we're a relatively young business school as far as business schools go. And so It's one of those exciting things that you, that, that you start to look for donors for actually paying to have their name on a business school. And uh, we just learned maybe just yesterday, I just learned that whoever gets to be, that person will wind up paying like $50 million dollars to have their name on the business school. And that's just wild.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's like a lot of money. Do you have your name on a school?
SPEAKER_R: Right. I that's I just think, oh my goodness, but I guess that's I mean you know of your school as haas, but you know, so definitely has the name out there. There's the Kellogg, you know school of business, there's all those and yeah, who knows? It's fascinating to me though. So yeah, I didn't even pay attention as to what time we totally were truly starting, but I think we're we're gonna be good. So how about, I suppose we wouldn't have any vacation plans or travel plans, so that makes things difficult. Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: Um I do but like they're not mine that like since I'm like back home but we have to fish. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: oh my goodness, I cannot keep fish alive. It's horrible in terms of my ability to keep fish. We have two dogs, they're outside, but and I think the only reason they survive is that if they get thirsty they push the water dishes and they remind us that so um and so you had to go back home for all of this,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not cool with my parents now.
SPEAKER_R: you know, was that stressful or is it more comforting because you know you had that kind of cushion?
SPEAKER_L: I mean it was kind of shocking like I never expected it but then just like happened it's like it's like I'm like I'm chinese. So like my parents like when it first happened in china with my grandparents, they still lived there. They were like really cautious of the whole thing. So like we were like, I feel like compared to most americans like that's like chinese and asian people generally were more aware and then like we were like prepare more prepared for it but we don't expect like anything like this. It's like before when it's happening like my friends and I were still planning are like summer vacations that were like try to find internships up but now like everything's just like cancelled.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So were your grandparents, did you have family who were seriously affected or is everybody okay or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they were all okay since like they mainly just like followed precaution stayed inside and they were safe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have one nuclear friend colleague who who's over there now and had been reporting ahead of time when it was more more just in china and not here yet and just talking about the the extents of you know, shut down and precautions and all of that. And so I think I had a little bit more of an understanding than some, but it's still just seemed unreal, you know, what is it going to come here? And then and then once it started to move my, my husband and I were supposed to, we're supposed to leave tomorrow to go to the Canary Islands in Spain. And yeah, so that's obviously not happening. But um but then we after china Spain was one of the Spain and Italy and them so we go, oh boy this is this is coming this way. And I think once it hit it was um you know if I'm I'm in Oregon, so Washington and Oregon got hit first and then of course California got so many so quickly that I think we were a little bit more cautious than my family in the midwest was just like, ah this is nothing. And yeah, there there, seeing now that it's something right. So
SPEAKER_L: How long have you been teaching?
SPEAKER_R: I've been teaching, um I had my own, my very own class for the first time in 2000 I think, But I was, but I was really early on in my grad school time. Um I didn't get my PhD until 2005, but uh it was in my, in my master's program, I didn't know if I wanted to keep going or if I wanted to stop and so my faculty gave me a statistics class to see if I
SPEAKER_L: hello
SPEAKER_R: liked teaching and I was like, wow, thanks, statistics, awesome. Um mostly because it was going to be fun or anything and I actually enjoyed it and most of the students, you know, they go into a stats class and they're kind of scared and you know, you have all those people who have number fear and I wound up really liking it and I thought if I can like teaching statistics, I'll like whatever I can teach. So decided to go on and get my doctorate. Are you gonna do one for further?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So for me like since like I also minored I'm planning a mining in data science so like what I thought was interesting but it was just like seeing all the all the data and then from being visualized into like just one cohesive, easy to read. That was just like the coolest part.
SPEAKER_R: Isn't it? Yeah, it's cool. And that's fun because it's not, I always tell, like I tell my kids and I tell my students when they come in, it's like, it's a different world. This isn't like pure math. There's a there's a real beauty to it, a real art to statistics and
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like it. Yeah. And just that in the data sciences and everything, So are you going to go on for a Masters or PhD or anything?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure. I know so it's like I want to try to get my M. P. A. And like it's like right now I'm still unsure if like whether I want to just like just go straight into like apply for a job after or just first get my Mp and then go for a job.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. When are you set to graduate?
SPEAKER_L: Um 2021. So like I just finished my 30.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. So next year. Okay. And maybe some of it will depend on how much the economy just sort of gets fixed versus okay, you know what now is a good time to keep going? Um There was uh there was a editorial or something in the Des Moines register a little bit ago, not not like a matter of days ago where an accounting professor had put out there for all of the people who are thinking about taking that gap year, where they were going to not work for maybe a year. Um He put out this big argument about how it's so devastating to your long term financial state that even one year off can have just huge ripple effects for your entire career. And I thought pretty, I mean it's it's pretty cool because people don't necessarily think about it, they're like, I just want to take a year off, and especially right now and you're not even gonna can't travel and you can't
SPEAKER_L: doesn't do anything
SPEAKER_R: you can't do anything, you might as well be teaching or studying and learning something new, so yeah, I have four kids. Um Well my husband and I have four kids and we uh there between their 9 11, 13 and 16 and we're trying to just do all sorts of things online, you know? So like the two youngest, um the boys are taking coding classes online and
SPEAKER_L: that's really good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's it's cool and it's it's weird they like roadblocks. Um I didn't know anything about roadblocks Because I'm a 42 year old woman, but they're they're super excited about it and they get on basically a zoom class and they get taught how to code and it's kind of impressive, especially when I think like your nine and 10 or nine and 11, so it's kind of cool. So are you doing anything beyond school online? We do trivia online.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Not really. Just like I'm just like just relaxing and enjoying like now they have freedom to or like freedom is like not a lot of homework to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What what part of china are you from? Your family?
SPEAKER_L: So my mom is from this province near shanghai so it's called like chang's of and then my father is from Kwanza Canton
SPEAKER_R: Okay That one that one might be the one um are 13 year old is adopted and she's from China and I think and I think that's where it is. My um my husband and I we both had had marriages from before and so I struggled with remembering exactly where she was, where she was born but I think it was the one that you sent your dad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the food there is really good. It's
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: famous
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: for its dim sun.
SPEAKER_R: all right? Have you gone there a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Um not actually we maybe like once every three years but I have a contact for a while now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah so so you have at least like you've met your other family and grandparents?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we passed and
SPEAKER_R: I have.
SPEAKER_L: my dad's friend, my dad's friends actually they live in, they moved to America so they live with san Francisco.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Oh that's nice. So really you get to have some of the family stuff here. That's really good. But all of our my parents and my husband's parents are still in the midwest, so it's much more of a, you know, it's a flight away, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you said you said earlier that you were planning on going on going to spain? So like you travel off it
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um as often as we can, yeah, we do. Um we, this one was going to be for a conference. It's one of the reasons I love my job is I can find conferences all over the place. I think we, the last conference that was overseas that went to was in Dublin and we made a big trip out of it. So this one
SPEAKER_L: help.
SPEAKER_R: was going to be on the Canary Islands and we were planning on heading over to Spain and Portugal as well afterwards for a little trip. So that one got canceled. So, but
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm sure you'll find another conference.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, always and that's the thing is there's always one and it's fine. The bigger issue was getting some of the refunds, you know, on some level.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and so we got refunds on some and then some airlines just want to give you credit. And some of the ones that we were taking were little puddle jumpers that okay, so we're just going from, we were also going to head over to um Casablanca and marrakech in Morocco and so we had a flight there and it was just a tiny little flight but it's still enough of course we want to refund, but they only want to give credit and so you have to use it within a year and we're going
SPEAKER_L: We're not using
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: on going
SPEAKER_R: tiny
SPEAKER_L: on the airline
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: again.
SPEAKER_R: company in that area and we're like are we really going to be there in a year to use this tiny, so it's likely just money lost, but I really can't complain, so it's fine but it's just one of those funny like, and and I really can't complain because my husband handles all that. I'm horrible at that stuff calling and getting refunds. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think customer service, it's the worst
SPEAKER_R: right. And I'm just, I'm horrible. It's if somebody if, if I'm like, oh, was to get out of like your cable, you know and transfer to something else. I just struggle because you know, they try to talk you out of it and more the type to go okay. And so anytime there's anything like that my husband handles it or when we have to get a credit back for something. Yeah, not my area. So yeah. So um what else? I don't know, I drink way too much pop. All right.
SPEAKER_L: soda.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah, soda. It's pop. It's popping.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't heard anybody say it like that one.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, it's pop. It's always what it is for me. Um Yeah, I grew up in North Dakota in Missouri and so pop was was what we said, mm no,
SPEAKER_L: What did you think of the pipeline? Like the oil look like the north Dakota pipeline thing?
SPEAKER_R: um, I don't, I didn't really keep up. I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think I heard about like being in the news for a while afterwards. It just like, it wasn't a big thing anymore. Like after, since I COVID-19 took all the attention.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Isn't that funny that some of the, there was also like an oil spill or something and like nobody notices it or toxic because yeah, I was, when I was growing up, both my parents were in the military and so I was, we were living on an air force base in North Dakota and they had, I think that was like during the Reagan administration and the whole um, stuff going on there. And so my parents worked on um, missiles and nukes and all that. And so, um, it was one of those facts that I think at that time North Dakota, if it was no longer part of the United States, would be number two or number one in all the countries in terms of its nuclear weapons and power and just North Dakota and it's like North Dakota is nothing but that much like nuclear weapons and that was what was freaky as, as a kid, it was like my parents worked on the nuclear weapons and would come home and
SPEAKER_L: Actually sounds pretty cool since I remember like when I took ap chemistry back in high school and my favorite, like one of my favorite things was just learning nuclear chemistry. So it's like sometimes like Since the first time I ever heard a nuclear was like a 6th grade where we fusion and fishing and it was just like really interested.
SPEAKER_R: isn't it? It's, it's, yeah, and just like the power behind it all, that's like, yeah, all the things that can generate and, and the, the chain of events and everything. Yeah, they, so another, the thing that I found there was a fun fact that, um, just because my parents did it, um, you can't ensure some of your jewelry if you work in nuclear weapons. So, um, like my mom would have, uh, like playing with my ring, she had some jewelry that couldn't be insured by any insurance company because something about that, the nuclear working with nuclear, anything can damage and destroy some of the medals and um gems and Savage. Well we got fascinating. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, no. So yeah, so that was, it was growing up right. Sounds like the dogs are playing heavily. Um What games do you like to play when you said when you mentioned chemistry, it reminds me of one of the games that we have and it's a chemistry game but we like a lot of board games and card gates.
SPEAKER_L: I don't play a lot of games, but like sometimes I have this like I just play some games on my phone when I'm bored. Like when I was younger I used to play like computer games but not that much because I just like stop like playing games early on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But you don't play any board games or chess or anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: I know how to play chess if I played it when I was younger. But like that's my family generally like, like we never really had any time to play so if we just did it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of probably the thing that's keeping us saying right now is just the fact that we have a ton of games that we play. But there's a there's a chemistry game for what it's worth. That. It's it's funny because it takes, you have to take different elements and then you combine the cards to make molecules and each molecule is worth certain amount number of points and whoever gets the number of points first obviously wins. But you also have certain elements that you can use to react with others and then it breaks them down into other, you know other molecules. And it just it's cool because it totally teaches chemistry but in a game way. And so I feel like we're tricking our kids into learning. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So we don't, the kids are kids aren't really big into science and both my husband and I um I mean where wait we are big enough stem in science so we keep trying to push them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's like, I think one of the biggest things here in Silicon Valley is just like stem since like having like facebook google, like all these big tech companies every really like just like that really screams like you have to join a stem field.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do they do a lot within your like within the schools like elementary, middle and high school like like helping to bring some of that to the classroom.
SPEAKER_L: I know some other schools did, but the school district I went to for fremont like we did not like not really
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: that our school district like it was very like there were a lot of issues with our school district.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did you have robotics? I know that's like a big popular one
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we have robotics at our school and we
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: have this one teacher, she has just like humongous like lab with all these like VR things, but like I'm like not super interested in that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, me either. It's with, but it's always cool to see and we like see
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: them doing something. Like I can't imagine being able to program it and do it, but it's cool. So well. Good. I'm glad you're managing well. It seems like, yeah, it'll be, we'll be over this soon enough. Right? Yeah. Think we're really close to the 25 minute mark and uh,
SPEAKER_L: well or
SPEAKER_R: it was only going to win,
SPEAKER_L: where do you live in Oregon?
SPEAKER_R: where do I live?
SPEAKER_L: In the Portland?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I lived in Portland for a little bit, but oh, issue is in corvallis. So um,
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea where that is.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's, um, it's what, what is called the valley and so, um, more closer to a little bit closer to the coast, about an hour from Portland rains a decent amount of corvallis, but not as much as Portland. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I remember we went to Portland and it was just raining like on stuff like from being from California, like you don't see rain that off in Like Dream two days ago and it just didn't make a lot of sense since like we don't even get that much rain during the winter, so like
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: having summary is definitely really like strange
SPEAKER_R: but does it get cold like san Francisco? When I think of san Francisco, I was like constantly cold even in the summer. Is it like that there where you are?
SPEAKER_L: um In san Francisco it's like really cloudy but like in fremont here it's just like pretty much like clear skies most of the time.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well see that's nice. I just every time I think about the bay area I just automatically think san Francisco and I just remember going there thinking well it's july and it was just chili and around
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of winds.
SPEAKER_R: it that it was that cold.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's because I like it's near the bay so like near the ocean, all the winds so it's super windy there.
SPEAKER_R: Right? And so you're more inland? Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: but not as it's like if you can search a free month. So like recently like we've been in the news because Elon musk wants to reopen the Tesla factory. So like that's the that's the factories just in fremont.
SPEAKER_R: It's just, well now it's shut down though.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah it's like our county, they like told him to close it but then he like refused. So like the at this point he's I think they reopened it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he's just crazy. Right? It was like, I was trying to figure out like his kids name or whatever
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah that was true.
SPEAKER_R: It was like what is it? It's like
SPEAKER_L: It's like it's
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: add
SPEAKER_L: a crooked need
SPEAKER_R: 8, 12.
SPEAKER_L: a. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: And I heard and it was like, oh listen to this to figure out how to pronounce it. And then they were like They were just explaining the different parts and I'm like you never said it all at once, is it seriously something ash a 12? Like are you going to say come here a 12? And it's because the plane was cool. What?
SPEAKER_L: apparently he can actually name that. Since that's like against California law. Yeah. Since I read that in California, you have to name your child with like No numbers. Like you can only have letters from the 26 now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's funny. That's even funnier. Okay. That's cool. So I think we started right at so I think does that mean we're probably, I want to make sure that because it said if we don't go the folding it's but I don't really know. Do you think? I don't know do you think we went the full?
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure we went to full 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So then do we, so before we do do we then close out and we go back to the survey. I think that's what they said to look.
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: I think we'll close this one and then we'll go to the other one.
SPEAKER_L: Do we just get rid of this tub?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think we just close this tab out and then it goes back to that one where we'll go past. So okay,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: here's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: my spirit.
SPEAKER_L: was nice meeting you.