Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Right on. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Uh Yeah. Mhm.
Fine.
I've seen my face and I see your face too.
I didn't see anything either.
do you want to introduce ourselves first? So I'm 21 right now and I go to the University of California Berkeley majoring in economics. Okay.
thanks.
We don't know yet but we're probably not going.
I think it's very interesting, it's like very vibrant and there's just like a lot of energy around it.
I'm from like fremont were just like it's like nearby,
it's
like
um it's like do you know where the Tesla factory is?
Well it's like just the bay area, it's like it's like an hour away from san Francisco. Yeah
I've been to Oregon once when I was younger.
Um so like when I was younger I was like I was like starting business, so I think that's one of the main reasons why. So like um I'm majoring in economics with a minor in data sciences.
We were like overall we're like just the other day we had a discussion on the effects of like COVID-19 on the entire economy.
So
what you need to teach
that's interesting.
It is I go to like HaAS right now
because for it's like the US um so you can search it up online, but essentially for first two years I was just in the college of like letters and sciences, and then afterwards I transferred to the high school of business.
Yeah. That's like a lot of money. Do you have your name on a school?
Um I do but like they're not mine that like since I'm like back home but we have to fish. Yeah.
I'm not cool with my parents now.
I mean it was kind of shocking like I never expected it but then just like happened it's like it's like I'm like I'm chinese. So like my parents like when it first happened in china with my grandparents, they still lived there. They were like really cautious of the whole thing. So like we were like, I feel like compared to most americans like that's like chinese and asian people generally were more aware and then like we were like prepare more prepared for it but we don't expect like anything like this. It's like before when it's happening like my friends and I were still planning are like summer vacations that were like try to find internships up but now like everything's just like cancelled.
Yeah they were all okay since like they mainly just like followed precaution stayed inside and they were safe.
How long have you been teaching?
hello
Yeah. So for me like since like I also minored I'm planning a mining in data science so like what I thought was interesting but it was just like seeing all the all the data and then from being visualized into like just one cohesive, easy to read. That was just like the coolest part.
But
I'm not sure. I know so it's like I want to try to get my M. P. A. And like it's like right now I'm still unsure if like whether I want to just like just go straight into like apply for a job after or just first get my Mp and then go for a job.
Um 2021. So like I just finished my 30.
doesn't do anything
that's really good.
mm. Not really. Just like I'm just like just relaxing and enjoying like now they have freedom to or like freedom is like not a lot of homework to do.
So my mom is from this province near shanghai so it's called like chang's of and then my father is from Kwanza Canton
the food there is really good. It's
famous
for its dim sun.
Um not actually we maybe like once every three years but I have a contact for a while now.
Yeah we passed and
my dad's friend, my dad's friends actually they live in, they moved to America so they live with san Francisco.
So you said you said earlier that you were planning on going on going to spain? So like you travel off it
help.
Okay. I'm sure you'll find another conference.
definitely.
We're not using
going
on going
on the airline
again.
Yeah, I think customer service, it's the worst
soda.
I haven't heard anybody say it like that one.
What did you think of the pipeline? Like the oil look like the north Dakota pipeline thing?
Yeah. I think I heard about like being in the news for a while afterwards. It just like, it wasn't a big thing anymore. Like after, since I COVID-19 took all the attention.
Actually sounds pretty cool since I remember like when I took ap chemistry back in high school and my favorite, like one of my favorite things was just learning nuclear chemistry. So it's like sometimes like Since the first time I ever heard a nuclear was like a 6th grade where we fusion and fishing and it was just like really interested.
yeah.
I don't play a lot of games, but like sometimes I have this like I just play some games on my phone when I'm bored. Like when I was younger I used to play like computer games but not that much because I just like stop like playing games early on.
I know how to play chess if I played it when I was younger. But like that's my family generally like, like we never really had any time to play so if we just did it.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's like, I think one of the biggest things here in Silicon Valley is just like stem since like having like facebook google, like all these big tech companies every really like just like that really screams like you have to join a stem field.
I know some other schools did, but the school district I went to for fremont like we did not like not really
that our school district like it was very like there were a lot of issues with our school district.
Yeah, we have robotics at our school and we
have this one teacher, she has just like humongous like lab with all these like VR things, but like I'm like not super interested in that kind of stuff.
definitely.
well or
where do you live in Oregon?
In the Portland?
I have no idea where that is.
that's what I remember we went to Portland and it was just raining like on stuff like from being from California, like you don't see rain that off in Like Dream two days ago and it just didn't make a lot of sense since like we don't even get that much rain during the winter, so like
having summary is definitely really like strange
um In san Francisco it's like really cloudy but like in fremont here it's just like pretty much like clear skies most of the time.
there's a lot of winds.
I think it's because I like it's near the bay so like near the ocean, all the winds so it's super windy there.
but not as it's like if you can search a free month. So like recently like we've been in the news because Elon musk wants to reopen the Tesla factory. So like that's the that's the factories just in fremont.
Um Yeah it's like our county, they like told him to close it but then he like refused. So like the at this point he's I think they reopened it. Yeah.
Oh yeah that was true.
It's like it's
like
a crooked need
a. Yeah
apparently he can actually name that. Since that's like against California law. Yeah. Since I read that in California, you have to name your child with like No numbers. Like you can only have letters from the 26 now. Yeah.
I'm pretty sure we went to full 25 minutes.
Two.
Do we just get rid of this tub?
Well,
it
was nice meeting you.