SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. How? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What was that? Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. What would you do that? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. For the Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. I had a real chill day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What did you do today?
SPEAKER_L: Um, just dink around the house. The normal stuff. Work from home. I'm still I retired. So that's pretty much what I do every day. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I work full time, So I just got home from work not too long ago,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I used to work full time to, what kind of work do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I do occupational therapy,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So you're working like the medical. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: what kind of work did you used
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: to do?
SPEAKER_L: I used to work in social services, like with behavior kids and I worked at a juvenile prison for a while and I worked in mental health and I burned out of that. And not because of the kids, but because of the, the, the administration. Yeah. So I left that and now I work from home. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: very good. And um, so how many, how many years did you last in that field?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, let's see in college I did some work study like AmeriCorps. I don't know if you've heard of it. And then, um, I did about 15 years working for the school district and for the state of Washington, um the Department of Social and Health Services. Yeah. And then before that I raised two kids and then went to school and then now I'm just time for me now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: look forward to that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I don't have a lot of money, but I'm not exhausted all the time. Yeah. I had a lot of stress that cause health problems. So I'm sure, you know what I'm talking about like high blood sugar, high blood pressure. You probably know what I'm talking about.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I kind of had to figure something to do, figure out something to do. So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you have like four years of school plus medical school or?
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm actually an occupational therapy assistant and so I just
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: have an
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: associates degree plus two years, so not a full bachelors necessarily, but four years at school.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I have a freer degree plus. I did the chemical dependency counseling. Yeah. And that was um I tried it and it was too much like when I worked in mental health I found that the people who are supervising me had mental health issues of their own
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's how
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: for occupational therapy, the mental health ones are,
SPEAKER_L: I can't deal with it. I couldn't deal with it. So I just said bye.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah, when I was a student, I did my first occupational therapy rotation in mental health and I realized very early on that was not for me and I would not be working in mental health.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I love mental health like because my, well actually my mom has some mental health disorders and I'm really fascinated by it. But it's just like when you work in the field and you have people playing power games and stuff with you that's it takes the fun out of it. So I just. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: totally understand that one. Yes. And then it feels like there's a lot of people running things that have a lot of mental health issues that are untreated I should say because fine if they are treated and they're they're doing well but they're not always doing well.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. And then when I worked at the juvenile prison I worked with a lot of military veterans and there are really awesome to work with, awesome and then some of the people I worked with had drug and alcohol issues and I believe a lot of it was stressed from the job and when I first got there I'm like why are people coming to work high and like on alcohol? And then after I had been there for a while I'm like okay I get it. So that's just just the way it was. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: field has a very high high burnout raid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. My daughter works with animals as a veterinary assistant and she wants to go back to school to do something to make more money because she doesn't make very much money doing what she does. So yeah. But if, I guess if you love what you do, that's what really matters. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. And I actually do now. I did not previously like it, but I work with kids now and so
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's where my heart has been um I worked in home health and uh nursing facility for Um 10 years and my heart was not in that, but I worked really hard at it, but I just didn't love it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I love working with kids. I absolutely love, like I worked in special ed for a while and I loved it. It just doesn't pay much. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's the problem. I took a huge thing, but it's worth it in the end because I actually like it. So what kind of, what did you do in special ed?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I worked with like autistic kids, behavior kids, um, all kind of fuel alcohol kids like see kids with seizures. Oh my gosh, I work with a. D. D. You know, bipolar, like schizophrenia. Like I worked with all kinds of kids.
SPEAKER_R: So you like the counselor or what type of position did you
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: teachers
SPEAKER_R: with it?
SPEAKER_L: are distant. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so that was that before you went back to school then?
SPEAKER_L: No, it was after I went to school. Yeah. I got my, mostly, I got my degree just for myself because I used to be married to somebody who is abusive and he was in the Navy and the Navy, you know, back in those days, The Navy said he was right and I was wrong. That's how they took care of things back then. So then I went to school and that was mostly for me and my lawyer. He told me, he said go to school, get on financial aid, get on welfare, wherever you need to do, you know, that's what I did. I raised my two kids and then when I graduated from school, I just kind of did whatever just, you know, I worked in a mental health place. I just worked wherever I could work that I enjoyed it and I could make some money. And then I went to work at the juvenile prison where I made good money. But then I got burned out. So that was kind of the end of that career.
SPEAKER_R: that seems kind of how things are, if it makes good money, it's probably going to be an early burnout field
SPEAKER_L: In a, yep, yep, that's what happened.
SPEAKER_R: because therapy used to pay very well, but everyone gets burned out and just can't do it after so many years, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, um, I plan to move to, well I live in Washington state and I plan to move to Georgia Georgia to help raise my granddaughter so
SPEAKER_R: I look awesome.
SPEAKER_L: that will give me something to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I've heard George is a lot cheaper. Um I have a sister in law that lives there and she's been trying to talk us into moving, we live in Oregon currently.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, the whole west coast, I'm very disappointed and it's not like how when I grew up like Washington Oregon, California and I I figure if I moved to the south it'll be more like maybe I never considered myself an old fashioned person, but now I'm old fashioned values and I'm thinking maybe that's what I, you know, I need to live in that environment.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, yes, I consider myself an old fashioned young person. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my daughter, her husband was in the Navy and I told her I don't want you to move back here to Washington because it's just I don't like it anymore.
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep, I'm going to stick around Oregon just because I have my family all here, but yeah, I totally, totally get that feeling.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, she moved there because her husband's family lives there and her mother in law is they own a real estate agents agency and there are like an army navy family. So um I think it will be fun to live there and I'll have a support system there and everything. So I think
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it'll be
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: is your granddaughter young?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, he's three years old.
SPEAKER_R: What a fun age
SPEAKER_L: Yes and she's really active and so I think it will be fun. She like I don't know if I'll be able to keep up with her but
SPEAKER_R: just, it's always the problem at that age,
SPEAKER_L: she'll get me in shape maybe I guess.
SPEAKER_R: yes, and so will you be living then with them or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: got to live with them for a while and then I I got on a waiting list for people like it's a retirement community for people my age because I just turned 55 not so long ago. So I got on a waiting list for that and it's like government subsidized housing. So yeah, I'm really excited about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, some of those communities are really, I did home health and so I went to a lot of 55 plus communities, some of them are
SPEAKER_L: You're impossible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Some of them are really expensive, but others are more affordable. Yeah. They have one down there in like Savannah, that's 2000 a month. And I'm like, no, no, no, I don't think so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, some of our really really nice um some of them are just expensive and not nice, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: price doesn't necessarily equate to a good place in my experiences.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, that's true. Yeah. My dad, he got his master's degree at Oregon State University in Corvallis. That was a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was I was born in Oregon, left for college and then came back because my family is all here.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Where did you go to school?
SPEAKER_R: Um I went to school in san Diego.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. There's a navy base down there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I wanted to leave the rainy area um and experience a big city because I don't live in a big city in Oregon. And so I always wanted to experience a big city and so I moved to san Diego and I don't know, year after I got there was like, no, but I stayed seven years.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did that too. I moved
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to Fresno. There's a naval air station there and I lived there for two years and I really miss the rain. I never thought I would miss learning that.
SPEAKER_R: I did the same thing, like I was like cheer every time it rained and my friends were like, you are crazy, you've lost your mind.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was so hot and like Fresno, it's like the desert. And I asked somebody where do you have wallawalla onions there in Oregon? Is that okay?
SPEAKER_R: At
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: burger bill, we have them all the time.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So I went down to Fresno and I'm like where the Walla Walla onions and there were like wet. They didn't know what I was talking about. Well, I'm,
SPEAKER_R: there are a lot of differences when I moved um and then when I moved back it seemed like everything had changed so much in the, in the time I've been gone, but I was happy to have the rain, I still like the rain and I've been back here for 10 years ish and I still like the rain, I appreciate it more than I ever did.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We're supposed to get snow up here. I live near the Canadian border, so we're supposed to get snow maybe this weekend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're supposed to get it next week, I guess the whole entire week, the risk for it. So that could be very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I made sure to stock up on groceries last night. Less winter. I got stuck at my house.
SPEAKER_R: I don't, not like driving in the snow. I was doing home health for the last five years and then when I was doing home health I'd have to drive to all these patients homes and I ended up stuck down a hill and I couldn't get up, I couldn't do anything and I was just stuck there and I couldn't get my chains on and so for now on I have like food and I have water and I have everything my car just in case, even though I don't do all health anymore,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I do that too. I keep like an extra, I always kept an extra pair of clothes in my locker at work and everything because we would have to work out in the pouring down rain sometimes. Oh my gosh, I don't miss that.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, yes, I, I work at a Coast school currently. Um and so um that those schools like the weather I was leaving last week and it was or no three weeks ago because I was on christmas break for the first time in my life and the rain was going sideways and it was cold and horrible,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you ever worked for a catholic hospital?
SPEAKER_R: nope,
SPEAKER_L: Because I worked for a catholic hospital for a while doing security. Like when they have saint Francis or saint joe's and I felt like they treated people better. So I was just wondering about
SPEAKER_R: I could
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: see that I've always worked for uh for profit organizations. Oh I guess not, yeah, the last one I guess was theoretically as well, so I pretty much everywhere I worked other than the school now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you work for the school? Well that's good because they have good benefits
SPEAKER_R: they do, although they've gotten
SPEAKER_L: then.
SPEAKER_R: worse pers no longer exists.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes, because I worked for the school district when I first got out of college in 2001 And then I went to work at the juvenile prison for 10 years. Then I went back to the school district and there are everything had changed and I was like man, it's not even worth it anymore, hardly because you know, can I get a sick day to go to my, you know, osteo appointment? And they're like no, you'll just have to take the day off with no sick fate. And I was like, oh man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have, I have no vacation days and I took a pretty major pay cut um but I get summers with my kids and I get christmas break with my kids and spring break, so I think it's worth it. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: How old are your kids?
SPEAKER_R: mhm. They are seven and 9, that's the first time in their life they've ever been able to stay home and not go to daycare or cool or a camp or something, so they're enjoying it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's let's see how old were my kids, that's about how old they were when I was when I went back to school around that time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a good age because their past the drug fit stage at everything. For the most part, I could just take them places and have fun during christmas break and not be so focused on like changing diapers or anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I know like when my granddaughter, she got potty trained and everybody were like,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: yeah because my daughter, I mean her husband's in school so they're like, man, we can only afford one kid, you know? So this is it what?
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna have five kids and then I realized they were a little too expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was going to have like three or four kids and then after two kids I was like, you know that's because my first kid, he was £10 because I had a pre diabetes. So he was a big baby and then I wasn't gonna have another one and then I had another one and that was it. So and then my daughter, she's just like when my I have an older son he doesn't have kids, he doesn't want kids. So he travels, he does security, he was in the marines and he does security all over the world and he's like no because I've had a kid I would never see him. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that'd be that'd be challenging.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I got one grandkids so that's I
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: guess that's all I'm gonna get.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: the point.
SPEAKER_R: your daughter will change your mind later.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah maybe. Yeah. Yeah. And then she has a sister in law that has like four kids so that makes up for that kid's situation I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I got, I got a girl and a boy and so by the boy, I was like, okay, I guess I can stop now not going to make it five, but that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. Yeah. My grandma should be like how can you afford kids now? I asked my daughter the same thing. How can you afford to have kids?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, there are a lot more expensive.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I never understood what I was younger, how people would say they're so expensive, how could they be that expensive? But it adds up very quickly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing I hope to be able to help with because I was thinking of maybe if I work for the real estate agency there, I could help out financially or I don't know, whatever, we'll see what happens I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Does your daughter work?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. She works at a veterinarian like with animals.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so she's still working? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then she wanted me to like help take care of the when my granddaughter was a baby, she's like come take care of the baby, I don't want to put her in daycare. And I'm like okay, so um what I did is I bought this uh fixer upper mobile home that I plan on selling for more money and so I thought I could do that to make some money. But it's really it it took, its been taking longer than I thought it would.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. As everything in life does it seems like.
SPEAKER_L: And it's like I'm not making money doing this, so I'm like ok I give up, I'm just gonna move to Georgia and just do what I can, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. And so will you be helping to watch your granddaughter then or does she go to take care now then?
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, she goes to daycare and then my daughter wants to go back to school to go to um like X ray school. What do imaging something? And they have some good colleges in savannah. So I might help take care of the baby, the daughter granddaughter for that, I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I would help save money to take care is expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then her husband, he's going to school on the G. I. Bill and he's taking like classes in tech, like computer tech, so I hope you can get a job and make good money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My husband does that and he makes okay money. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: He works for schools to unfortunately so it's not the great money but if
SPEAKER_L: Well the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: benefits,
SPEAKER_R: want to work on call and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: there's a retirement. I mean that's why people work for the state is for the retirement. So I hope that doesn't go away because then that wouldn't even be worth it. So have you would have bret Weinstein who had that thing happened to him at Evergreen State College?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, he lives in Oregon now. Yeah, he was a teacher at Evergreen State College and he got harassed by some students and it was uh there's videos about it and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: it was a big thing,
SPEAKER_R: I don't watch
SPEAKER_L: argument.
SPEAKER_R: the news very often, so I don't always stay up on things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, when I worked at the juvenile prison, I couldn't watch the news, it was just too much, I didn't want to know what was going on because there was already enough going on at work but now I've been away from that for like four years now, five years so I can watch the news now and it doesn't bother me.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. I felt like when I worked home health up until recent and so working that like, I got to hear everybody's bad, awful stories and
SPEAKER_L: Oh we are
SPEAKER_R: He gone six plus people a day, like all their issues and I was like, I can't deal with any other issues going on. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so like you couldn't even watch the antiques roadshow.
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: note, but I couldn't, like, I just can't, I've reached my limit of dealing with people's stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Because I used to watch the antiques roadshow and then there was a time where I couldn't even watch it because it had people in it and I don't want to deal with people like I didn't even want to go to the grocery store, it's like I don't want to I don't want to be around people
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes, that was, that was pretty much where I was at, because it's just you take on patients, everything going on with them and you're trying to fix it and you're trying to do things and it's just too much.
SPEAKER_L: indian. Yeah. Yeah. And see that's the thing I think is employers need to take care of people who take care of people because when they don't think when we're not being taken care of, we can't take care of other people
SPEAKER_R: Very true.
SPEAKER_L: and yeah, that's kind of why I was like if this I'm just forget this not doing it anymore.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, I think that's why a lot of therapists are leaving the field right now because there's a lot of pay cuts happening and they're like, it's just not worth it. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I was making like 40,000 a year and it just wasn't worth it.
SPEAKER_R: mm, nope. And that's, That's, I've threatened to go and work at Costco for the last like 10 years because my field is so draining so often. I'm just, I get home and I'm like, I can't talk to anybody. I can't look at you. I just can't do it. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I used to do that, I would just come home and play solitaire on my facebook or whatever and just be a hermit.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. And so Costco has been like my dream job forever. Like I just don't want to deal with all the people's issues because then I could just put your stuff in a box and call it a day. I don't have to listen your whole life story and all the tragedies that have happened and yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I used to hear a lot of sad stories like with the kids, I mean because that's how they get in jail and prison is because of their sad home lives and oh my God, I heard so many sad stories.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I still hear a lot of sad stories working in special ed, but it's, it's, I guess it's not, it's not as involved. I guess I'm not involved with that actual story. I'm not in that person's home. So it's a little a little different. I guess. I don't have to deal with the I'll have to see the 500 pictures of the people that treated someone badly and all the people that have died in that person's life and everything. So yes, my kids are like I work with are in bad shape, but it's not the whole deal with the whole story of it. It
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: good. Yeah. When I see jobs, like if I'm looking for a job and it's like home visits, I'm like no, I'm not doing there,
SPEAKER_R: I loved part of it because I really could get to know people. But then it just is a lot very draining and seeing people in really bad situations. Really bad situations. My last two weeks All right. When I was going to give my two week notice at my job, I was in a mobile home that the walls were black. It was missing the flooring. There were just nasty food on the ground. Um It just smelled so strongly of urine and smoke that I had a silicone wedding band and I couldn't wear it ever again because it got all the smells in it and I couldn't get it out.
SPEAKER_L: I used to go into that, like I was like I had this purse sunglasses when I couldn't wear them to work at the juvenile prison because I didn't want them to be contaminated
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: because I mean, so you know what I'm talking about because
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: the whole environment is gross and disgusting and it's like there are certain shoes I didn't wear to work, like I wouldn't even wear my shoes in my house, like as soon as I got home, everything went into the washing machine and
SPEAKER_R: yes, I'm a total germ freak, start working in the nursing facility and working at home houses, like everything comes off, I never wear shoes in my house anyways, but like in the nursing facility, I take my shoes off and put them in a box in my trunk, and then I put new shoes on the drive home, because there are too many things that you'd step in, yep.
SPEAKER_L: I so you okay. So I used to keep baby wipes in my car and I would like get the hand sanitizer with the alcohol and like I would get in the car and like wipe my face and my hands and I just felt so dirty. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yep,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm glad to be out of that field, the school seemed very clean uh compared to that, however, we had a Norovirus outbreak lately, and so everyone's throwing up, but I don't have to be in the school since, I'm not, I'm just a therapist, so I can pop in or pop out, so I'm like, oh, this classroom sick, I'm not visiting the classroom
SPEAKER_L: Rank.
SPEAKER_R: until after christmas break,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I used to get exposed to like all the, oh my God, that is just so nasty. Um Because I I took amoxicillin is the antibiotic for abscess tooth and I didn't know this at the time, but it wipes out your whole immune system. And I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: got so sick and somebody said, well you know amoxicillin that wipes out your immune system and now you're I know I was exposed to everything and oh my God, I was so sick. Yeah. Yeah. I don't miss that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I got sick five times in the first two months of working in the schools, five separate illnesses, I'm not getting sick as often though, so I think I'm hopefully past that point,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's telling me, oh take probiotics, take oregano, take vitamin D. Vitamin C. So I'm like I have this whole cabinet full of all this stuff and I'm like okay I'll do whatever I have to do.
SPEAKER_R: don't get sick, I hate being sick. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Especially when you don't get sick days. That's horrible.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, luckily I have a ton of sick days, I just don't have any vacation days, but they give me like
SPEAKER_L: Archie.
SPEAKER_R: 96 hours of sick, the crime, which is awesome, because I've never taken sick days and my whole career, I've never been able to, because they can't replace a therapist, so you go in sick anyways,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I've done that. I used to go to work sick
SPEAKER_R: yeah, if you call in, like the patients don't get their therapy and it's just, it's nasty, so I practice good germ protection and try to prevent passing anything along. But if I didn't have a fever I was I was going to be or throwing up I would be at work,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I remember I went to work and I didn't feel good and I was supposed to make phone calls for the kids to call their parents and I just didn't feel like it. And my super brought, my supervisor got on me about it. I said okay from now on I'm just when I'm sick I'm not coming to work even if I feel like I can work I'm not coming to work and I had sick days. So.
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep, I've already taken multiple sick days and it's very nice to have those, although I still feel a little guilty even though no one else makes me feel guilty, but it's like oh I can take a sick day,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So I read this book about birth order like the firstborn daughter is like ultra responsible. And is that where is that you like? Yeah, me too. I'm the oldest daughter and I was like, okay, that's why I'm so like the way I am. So
SPEAKER_R: yep, I'm responsible. My younger brother not too much.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. I have a younger sister and she was kind of more spoiled than I was at
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: least.
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: my brother.
SPEAKER_L: what I feel. You know, I don't know, she probably sees it differently.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, probably, I think we all do, yes,
SPEAKER_L: So do
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you have any dogs or cats or?
SPEAKER_R: I have two cats, What about
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: have a, I used to have a dog but where I live now, no dogs are allowed. So I just have a cat.
SPEAKER_R: I have never been a dog person, I've always liked cats, so I've had cats for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I lived out in the country before. Um do you know where Centralia is? When you come up the I-5 freeway. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: used to live out there so I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: always had like pit bulls and box, you know dogs that look mean like that could look protective, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's beautiful out there and the neighbor, the people out there are friendly to like, there's some people who will help you if you need it. So that was, that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: And so it's a good thing, I've heard the people in Georgia are super super nice from my sister and mom.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Everybody helps each other. And like my daughter, she goes to a big catholic church and um there there right there by an army base and so I'm like, wow, that sounds, I think I'll, I think it'll be great. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it will be exciting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, because I, I moved up here to get away from my mom. Yeah. So do you eat a lot of um, like when I used to work full time, I used to eat a lot of like frozen food, convenience food. Like my freezer is always packed full of food that was easy to make because like when I got home I would be so exhausted, I couldn't even cook.
SPEAKER_R: My husband likes to cook quite a bit so he does a lot of the cooking um And then I cook in an instapot um and do
SPEAKER_L: baby.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of soups and things in there.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Does he work from home?
SPEAKER_R: No But he goes in really early so he picks up the kids from school and his home by like 345
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's nice
SPEAKER_R: and then I get home later and so he often has already prepped dinner and everything or we do something quick.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice. What
SPEAKER_R: nice. That's all the homework with the kids. I get the kids ready for school.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's cool. That's really good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we did a lot of frozen foods and stuff years ago but it's really expensive and everything so finally.
SPEAKER_L: mourns. Yeah. When I went back to work for the school district I was like spending so much money on like food because I get hypoglycemic. Well oh my yeah it was it was not even worth it for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah so we do mostly cooking cooking at home which is good and I don't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: have to do
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: all of
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's what I do know I'm doing this low card like my blood sugar levels were kinda high. So I looked online for how to use a glue commenter and I found videos about how to eat so that you can lower your blood sugar naturally. You're a C. One. So I did that and my A. C. One levels went down so I'm like wow this is cool. You know not like doctors aren't really telling us this stuff so I do my own research.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Diet um lowering carbs can have a big impact on a one C. Levels and then also exercise have a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really big impact
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Like with this mobile home I bought like I've been painting walls and I count that as an exercise.
SPEAKER_R: any time you're active accounts.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Yeah I should exercise and get out and walk around more but I don't so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: being active the accounts it doesn't necessarily have to be like exercise like lifting weights or running or any of that kind of stuff but just moving all right. I think we made it, we make it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: we did
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you're probably tired so.
SPEAKER_R: I am after working all day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Okay well have a good rest of the day, Week whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: All right thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.