Hi,
pretty good. How about you?
What did you do today?
I work full time, So I just got home from work not too long ago,
I do occupational therapy,
what kind of work did you used
to do?
very good. And um, so how many, how many years did you last in that field?
look forward to that,
Yes, I do. Yeah.
And
so
no, I'm actually an occupational therapy assistant and so I just
have an
associates degree plus two years, so not a full bachelors necessarily, but four years at school.
Yes, that's how
it is
for occupational therapy, the mental health ones are,
Yes. Yeah, when I was a student, I did my first occupational therapy rotation in mental health and I realized very early on that was not for me and I would not be working in mental health.
totally understand that one. Yes. And then it feels like there's a lot of people running things that have a lot of mental health issues that are untreated I should say because fine if they are treated and they're they're doing well but they're not always doing well.
field has a very high high burnout raid.
Yes. And I actually do now. I did not previously like it, but I work with kids now and so
it's it's where my heart has been um I worked in home health and uh nursing facility for Um 10 years and my heart was not in that, but I worked really hard at it, but I just didn't love it.
Yes, that's the problem. I took a huge thing, but it's worth it in the end because I actually like it. So what kind of, what did you do in special ed?
So you like the counselor or what type of position did you
do
with it?
Okay, so that was that before you went back to school then?
that seems kind of how things are, if it makes good money, it's probably going to be an early burnout field
because therapy used to pay very well, but everyone gets burned out and just can't do it after so many years, so
I look awesome.
Yes, I've heard George is a lot cheaper. Um I have a sister in law that lives there and she's been trying to talk us into moving, we live in Oregon currently.
Yes, yes, I consider myself an old fashioned young person. Yes,
yep, yep, I'm going to stick around Oregon just because I have my family all here, but yeah, I totally, totally get that feeling.
And
you're
is your granddaughter young?
What a fun age
just, it's always the problem at that age,
yes, and so will you be living then with them or? Yeah.
Yeah, some of those communities are really, I did home health and so I went to a lot of 55 plus communities, some of them are
Yeah.
yeah, some of our really really nice um some of them are just expensive and not nice, yeah,
price doesn't necessarily equate to a good place in my experiences.
yeah, I was I was born in Oregon, left for college and then came back because my family is all here.
Um I went to school in san Diego.
Yeah, yeah, I wanted to leave the rainy area um and experience a big city because I don't live in a big city in Oregon. And so I always wanted to experience a big city and so I moved to san Diego and I don't know, year after I got there was like, no, but I stayed seven years.
No.
I did the same thing, like I was like cheer every time it rained and my friends were like, you are crazy, you've lost your mind.
At
burger bill, we have them all the time.
there are a lot of differences when I moved um and then when I moved back it seemed like everything had changed so much in the, in the time I've been gone, but I was happy to have the rain, I still like the rain and I've been back here for 10 years ish and I still like the rain, I appreciate it more than I ever did.
Yeah, we're supposed to get it next week, I guess the whole entire week, the risk for it. So that could be very interesting.
I don't, not like driving in the snow. I was doing home health for the last five years and then when I was doing home health I'd have to drive to all these patients homes and I ended up stuck down a hill and I couldn't get up, I couldn't do anything and I was just stuck there and I couldn't get my chains on and so for now on I have like food and I have water and I have everything my car just in case, even though I don't do all health anymore,
Yes, yes, I, I work at a Coast school currently. Um and so um that those schools like the weather I was leaving last week and it was or no three weeks ago because I was on christmas break for the first time in my life and the rain was going sideways and it was cold and horrible,
nope,
I could
see that I've always worked for uh for profit organizations. Oh I guess not, yeah, the last one I guess was theoretically as well, so I pretty much everywhere I worked other than the school now.
they do, although they've gotten
worse pers no longer exists.
Yeah, I have, I have no vacation days and I took a pretty major pay cut um but I get summers with my kids and I get christmas break with my kids and spring break, so I think it's worth it. Mhm,
mhm. They are seven and 9, that's the first time in their life they've ever been able to stay home and not go to daycare or cool or a camp or something, so they're enjoying it.
it's a good age because their past the drug fit stage at everything. For the most part, I could just take them places and have fun during christmas break and not be so focused on like changing diapers or anything like that.
I didn't
I was gonna have five kids and then I realized they were a little too expensive.
Yeah, that'd be that'd be challenging.
Thanks.
Maybe
maybe
your daughter will change your mind later.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I got, I got a girl and a boy and so by the boy, I was like, okay, I guess I can stop now not going to make it five, but that's okay.
Yes, there are a lot more expensive.
I never understood what I was younger, how people would say they're so expensive, how could they be that expensive? But it adds up very quickly.
Does your daughter work?
Okay so she's still working? Okay.
Yes. As everything in life does it seems like.
Yes. Yes. And so will you be helping to watch your granddaughter then or does she go to take care now then?
Well
I would help save money to take care is expensive.
Yeah. My husband does that and he makes okay money. Uh
He works for schools to unfortunately so it's not the great money but if
you
want to work on call and stuff.
No.
huh.
I don't watch
the news very often, so I don't always stay up on things.
Yes. Yes. I felt like when I worked home health up until recent and so working that like, I got to hear everybody's bad, awful stories and
He gone six plus people a day, like all their issues and I was like, I can't deal with any other issues going on. Yes,
like a
note, but I couldn't, like, I just can't, I've reached my limit of dealing with people's stuff.
Yes. Yes, that was, that was pretty much where I was at, because it's just you take on patients, everything going on with them and you're trying to fix it and you're trying to do things and it's just too much.
Very true.
yep. Yeah, I think that's why a lot of therapists are leaving the field right now because there's a lot of pay cuts happening and they're like, it's just not worth it. Yes,
mm, nope. And that's, That's, I've threatened to go and work at Costco for the last like 10 years because my field is so draining so often. I'm just, I get home and I'm like, I can't talk to anybody. I can't look at you. I just can't do it. So,
Yes. Yes. And so Costco has been like my dream job forever. Like I just don't want to deal with all the people's issues because then I could just put your stuff in a box and call it a day. I don't have to listen your whole life story and all the tragedies that have happened and yes.
Yes. I still hear a lot of sad stories working in special ed, but it's, it's, I guess it's not, it's not as involved. I guess I'm not involved with that actual story. I'm not in that person's home. So it's a little a little different. I guess. I don't have to deal with the I'll have to see the 500 pictures of the people that treated someone badly and all the people that have died in that person's life and everything. So yes, my kids are like I work with are in bad shape, but it's not the whole deal with the whole story of it. It
that's
I loved part of it because I really could get to know people. But then it just is a lot very draining and seeing people in really bad situations. Really bad situations. My last two weeks All right. When I was going to give my two week notice at my job, I was in a mobile home that the walls were black. It was missing the flooring. There were just nasty food on the ground. Um It just smelled so strongly of urine and smoke that I had a silicone wedding band and I couldn't wear it ever again because it got all the smells in it and I couldn't get it out.
Mhm. Yeah, yeah. Yes,
thank
you.
yes, I'm a total germ freak, start working in the nursing facility and working at home houses, like everything comes off, I never wear shoes in my house anyways, but like in the nursing facility, I take my shoes off and put them in a box in my trunk, and then I put new shoes on the drive home, because there are too many things that you'd step in, yep.
yep,
so I'm glad to be out of that field, the school seemed very clean uh compared to that, however, we had a Norovirus outbreak lately, and so everyone's throwing up, but I don't have to be in the school since, I'm not, I'm just a therapist, so I can pop in or pop out, so I'm like, oh, this classroom sick, I'm not visiting the classroom
until after christmas break,
I
yeah, I got sick five times in the first two months of working in the schools, five separate illnesses, I'm not getting sick as often though, so I think I'm hopefully past that point,
don't get sick, I hate being sick. Mhm.
Yes, luckily I have a ton of sick days, I just don't have any vacation days, but they give me like
96 hours of sick, the crime, which is awesome, because I've never taken sick days and my whole career, I've never been able to, because they can't replace a therapist, so you go in sick anyways,
yeah, if you call in, like the patients don't get their therapy and it's just, it's nasty, so I practice good germ protection and try to prevent passing anything along. But if I didn't have a fever I was I was going to be or throwing up I would be at work,
yep, yep, I've already taken multiple sick days and it's very nice to have those, although I still feel a little guilty even though no one else makes me feel guilty, but it's like oh I can take a sick day,
yep, I'm responsible. My younger brother not too much.
that
was
my brother.
Yes, probably, I think we all do, yes,
it's
I have two cats, What about
you?
I have never been a dog person, I've always liked cats, so I've had cats for a while.
Yes.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so it's a good thing, I've heard the people in Georgia are super super nice from my sister and mom.
Yeah it will be exciting.
My husband likes to cook quite a bit so he does a lot of the cooking um And then I cook in an instapot um and do
a lot of soups and things in there.
No But he goes in really early so he picks up the kids from school and his home by like 345
and then I get home later and so he often has already prepped dinner and everything or we do something quick.
nice. That's all the homework with the kids. I get the kids ready for school.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we did a lot of frozen foods and stuff years ago but it's really expensive and everything so finally.
Yes. Yeah so we do mostly cooking cooking at home which is good and I don't
have to do
all of
it,
yep. Diet um lowering carbs can have a big impact on a one C. Levels and then also exercise have a
really big impact
any time you're active accounts.
being active the accounts it doesn't necessarily have to be like exercise like lifting weights or running or any of that kind of stuff but just moving all right. I think we made it, we make it. Yeah.
I think
we did
it.
I am after working all day. Yeah.
Thank you. You too.
Bye.