Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. How? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What was that? Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. What would you do that? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. For the Hello?
How's it going?
Pretty good. I had a real chill day. Yeah.
Um, just dink around the house. The normal stuff. Work from home. I'm still I retired. So that's pretty much what I do every day. How about you?
Yeah, I used to work full time to, what kind of work do you do?
Okay. So you're working like the medical. That's cool.
What
I used to work in social services, like with behavior kids and I worked at a juvenile prison for a while and I worked in mental health and I burned out of that. And not because of the kids, but because of the, the, the administration. Yeah. So I left that and now I work from home. Okay.
Um Well, let's see in college I did some work study like AmeriCorps. I don't know if you've heard of it. And then, um, I did about 15 years working for the school district and for the state of Washington, um the Department of Social and Health Services. Yeah. And then before that I raised two kids and then went to school and then now I'm just time for me now. Yeah.
Yeah. Like I don't have a lot of money, but I'm not exhausted all the time. Yeah. I had a lot of stress that cause health problems. So I'm sure, you know what I'm talking about like high blood sugar, high blood pressure. You probably know what I'm talking about.
I kind of had to figure something to do, figure out something to do. So
do
you have like four years of school plus medical school or?
Look
man.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I have a freer degree plus. I did the chemical dependency counseling. Yeah. And that was um I tried it and it was too much like when I worked in mental health I found that the people who are supervising me had mental health issues of their own
and
I
I can't deal with it. I couldn't deal with it. So I just said bye.
Yeah. I love mental health like because my, well actually my mom has some mental health disorders and I'm really fascinated by it. But it's just like when you work in the field and you have people playing power games and stuff with you that's it takes the fun out of it. So I just. Yeah.
Exactly. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. And then when I worked at the juvenile prison I worked with a lot of military veterans and there are really awesome to work with, awesome and then some of the people I worked with had drug and alcohol issues and I believe a lot of it was stressed from the job and when I first got there I'm like why are people coming to work high and like on alcohol? And then after I had been there for a while I'm like okay I get it. So that's just just the way it was. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. My daughter works with animals as a veterinary assistant and she wants to go back to school to do something to make more money because she doesn't make very much money doing what she does. So yeah. But if, I guess if you love what you do, that's what really matters. So.
good.
Yeah. Yeah. I love working with kids. I absolutely love, like I worked in special ed for a while and I loved it. It just doesn't pay much. So.
Um, I worked with like autistic kids, behavior kids, um, all kind of fuel alcohol kids like see kids with seizures. Oh my gosh, I work with a. D. D. You know, bipolar, like schizophrenia. Like I worked with all kinds of kids.
The
teachers
are distant. Yeah.
No, it was after I went to school. Yeah. I got my, mostly, I got my degree just for myself because I used to be married to somebody who is abusive and he was in the Navy and the Navy, you know, back in those days, The Navy said he was right and I was wrong. That's how they took care of things back then. So then I went to school and that was mostly for me and my lawyer. He told me, he said go to school, get on financial aid, get on welfare, wherever you need to do, you know, that's what I did. I raised my two kids and then when I graduated from school, I just kind of did whatever just, you know, I worked in a mental health place. I just worked wherever I could work that I enjoyed it and I could make some money. And then I went to work at the juvenile prison where I made good money. But then I got burned out. So that was kind of the end of that career.
In a, yep, yep, that's what happened.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, um, I plan to move to, well I live in Washington state and I plan to move to Georgia Georgia to help raise my granddaughter so
that will give me something to do.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, the whole west coast, I'm very disappointed and it's not like how when I grew up like Washington Oregon, California and I I figure if I moved to the south it'll be more like maybe I never considered myself an old fashioned person, but now I'm old fashioned values and I'm thinking maybe that's what I, you know, I need to live in that environment.
Yeah my daughter, her husband was in the Navy and I told her I don't want you to move back here to Washington because it's just I don't like it anymore.
Yeah. Yeah, she moved there because her husband's family lives there and her mother in law is they own a real estate agents agency and there are like an army navy family. So um I think it will be fun to live there and I'll have a support system there and everything. So I think
it'll be
good.
Yes, he's three years old.
Yes and she's really active and so I think it will be fun. She like I don't know if I'll be able to keep up with her but
she'll get me in shape maybe I guess.
got to live with them for a while and then I I got on a waiting list for people like it's a retirement community for people my age because I just turned 55 not so long ago. So I got on a waiting list for that and it's like government subsidized housing. So yeah, I'm really excited about it.
You're impossible. Yeah.
Yeah. Some of them are really expensive, but others are more affordable. Yeah. They have one down there in like Savannah, that's 2000 a month. And I'm like, no, no, no, I don't think so.
Yeah.
Yes, that's true. Yeah. My dad, he got his master's degree at Oregon State University in Corvallis. That was a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Where did you go to school?
Okay. Yeah. There's a navy base down there.
Yeah, I did that too. I moved
to Fresno. There's a naval air station there and I lived there for two years and I really miss the rain. I never thought I would miss learning that.
Yeah. It was so hot and like Fresno, it's like the desert. And I asked somebody where do you have wallawalla onions there in Oregon? Is that okay?
So
okay. So I went down to Fresno and I'm like where the Walla Walla onions and there were like wet. They didn't know what I was talking about. Well, I'm,
Yeah. We're supposed to get snow up here. I live near the Canadian border, so we're supposed to get snow maybe this weekend.
Yeah. I made sure to stock up on groceries last night. Less winter. I got stuck at my house.
Yeah, I do that too. I keep like an extra, I always kept an extra pair of clothes in my locker at work and everything because we would have to work out in the pouring down rain sometimes. Oh my gosh, I don't miss that.
Yeah. Have you ever worked for a catholic hospital?
Because I worked for a catholic hospital for a while doing security. Like when they have saint Francis or saint joe's and I felt like they treated people better. So I was just wondering about
that.
Oh you work for the school? Well that's good because they have good benefits
then.
Yes. Yes, because I worked for the school district when I first got out of college in 2001 And then I went to work at the juvenile prison for 10 years. Then I went back to the school district and there are everything had changed and I was like man, it's not even worth it anymore, hardly because you know, can I get a sick day to go to my, you know, osteo appointment? And they're like no, you'll just have to take the day off with no sick fate. And I was like, oh man.
How old are your kids?
Yeah. That's let's see how old were my kids, that's about how old they were when I was when I went back to school around that time. Yeah.
Right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I know like when my granddaughter, she got potty trained and everybody were like,
yeah because my daughter, I mean her husband's in school so they're like, man, we can only afford one kid, you know? So this is it what?
Yeah. I was going to have like three or four kids and then after two kids I was like, you know that's because my first kid, he was £10 because I had a pre diabetes. So he was a big baby and then I wasn't gonna have another one and then I had another one and that was it. So and then my daughter, she's just like when my I have an older son he doesn't have kids, he doesn't want kids. So he travels, he does security, he was in the marines and he does security all over the world and he's like no because I've had a kid I would never see him. So
yeah, so I got one grandkids so that's I
guess that's all I'm gonna get.
That's
the point.
Well yeah maybe. Yeah. Yeah. And then she has a sister in law that has like four kids so that makes up for that kid's situation I guess.
Right. Exactly. Yeah. My grandma should be like how can you afford kids now? I asked my daughter the same thing. How can you afford to have kids?
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing I hope to be able to help with because I was thinking of maybe if I work for the real estate agency there, I could help out financially or I don't know, whatever, we'll see what happens I guess.
Yeah. She works at a veterinarian like with animals.
Yeah. And then she wanted me to like help take care of the when my granddaughter was a baby, she's like come take care of the baby, I don't want to put her in daycare. And I'm like okay, so um what I did is I bought this uh fixer upper mobile home that I plan on selling for more money and so I thought I could do that to make some money. But it's really it it took, its been taking longer than I thought it would.
And it's like I'm not making money doing this, so I'm like ok I give up, I'm just gonna move to Georgia and just do what I can, you know?
Well yeah, she goes to daycare and then my daughter wants to go back to school to go to um like X ray school. What do imaging something? And they have some good colleges in savannah. So I might help take care of the baby, the daughter granddaughter for that, I
don't know.
Yeah. And then her husband, he's going to school on the G. I. Bill and he's taking like classes in tech, like computer tech, so I hope you can get a job and make good money.
Yeah.
Well the
benefits,
there's a retirement. I mean that's why people work for the state is for the retirement. So I hope that doesn't go away because then that wouldn't even be worth it. So have you would have bret Weinstein who had that thing happened to him at Evergreen State College?
Oh, he lives in Oregon now. Yeah, he was a teacher at Evergreen State College and he got harassed by some students and it was uh there's videos about it and yeah,
it was a big thing,
argument.
Yeah, yeah, when I worked at the juvenile prison, I couldn't watch the news, it was just too much, I didn't want to know what was going on because there was already enough going on at work but now I've been away from that for like four years now, five years so I can watch the news now and it doesn't bother me.
Oh we are
Yeah, so like you couldn't even watch the antiques roadshow.
What?
Because I used to watch the antiques roadshow and then there was a time where I couldn't even watch it because it had people in it and I don't want to deal with people like I didn't even want to go to the grocery store, it's like I don't want to I don't want to be around people
indian. Yeah. Yeah. And see that's the thing I think is employers need to take care of people who take care of people because when they don't think when we're not being taken care of, we can't take care of other people
and yeah, that's kind of why I was like if this I'm just forget this not doing it anymore.
I was making like 40,000 a year and it just wasn't worth it.
Yeah. Yeah, I used to do that, I would just come home and play solitaire on my facebook or whatever and just be a hermit.
Yeah. I used to hear a lot of sad stories like with the kids, I mean because that's how they get in jail and prison is because of their sad home lives and oh my God, I heard so many sad stories.
that's
good. Yeah. When I see jobs, like if I'm looking for a job and it's like home visits, I'm like no, I'm not doing there,
I used to go into that, like I was like I had this purse sunglasses when I couldn't wear them to work at the juvenile prison because I didn't want them to be contaminated
because I mean, so you know what I'm talking about because
just
the whole environment is gross and disgusting and it's like there are certain shoes I didn't wear to work, like I wouldn't even wear my shoes in my house, like as soon as I got home, everything went into the washing machine and
I so you okay. So I used to keep baby wipes in my car and I would like get the hand sanitizer with the alcohol and like I would get in the car and like wipe my face and my hands and I just felt so dirty. Yeah.
Okay.
Rank.
Yeah. Yeah. I used to get exposed to like all the, oh my God, that is just so nasty. Um Because I I took amoxicillin is the antibiotic for abscess tooth and I didn't know this at the time, but it wipes out your whole immune system. And I
got so sick and somebody said, well you know amoxicillin that wipes out your immune system and now you're I know I was exposed to everything and oh my God, I was so sick. Yeah. Yeah. I don't miss that.
Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's telling me, oh take probiotics, take oregano, take vitamin D. Vitamin C. So I'm like I have this whole cabinet full of all this stuff and I'm like okay I'll do whatever I have to do.
Especially when you don't get sick days. That's horrible.
Archie.
Oh yeah I've done that. I used to go to work sick
Yeah. I remember I went to work and I didn't feel good and I was supposed to make phone calls for the kids to call their parents and I just didn't feel like it. And my super brought, my supervisor got on me about it. I said okay from now on I'm just when I'm sick I'm not coming to work even if I feel like I can work I'm not coming to work and I had sick days. So.
Yeah. Yeah. So I read this book about birth order like the firstborn daughter is like ultra responsible. And is that where is that you like? Yeah, me too. I'm the oldest daughter and I was like, okay, that's why I'm so like the way I am. So
yeah. Yeah. I have a younger sister and she was kind of more spoiled than I was at
least.
That's
what I feel. You know, I don't know, she probably sees it differently.
So do
you have any dogs or cats or?
I
have a, I used to have a dog but where I live now, no dogs are allowed. So I just have a cat.
Yeah. I lived out in the country before. Um do you know where Centralia is? When you come up the I-5 freeway. Yeah. I
used to live out there so I
always had like pit bulls and box, you know dogs that look mean like that could look protective, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
It's beautiful out there and the neighbor, the people out there are friendly to like, there's some people who will help you if you need it. So that was, that's nice.
Yes. Everybody helps each other. And like my daughter, she goes to a big catholic church and um there there right there by an army base and so I'm like, wow, that sounds, I think I'll, I think it'll be great. So
yeah. Yeah, because I, I moved up here to get away from my mom. Yeah. So do you eat a lot of um, like when I used to work full time, I used to eat a lot of like frozen food, convenience food. Like my freezer is always packed full of food that was easy to make because like when I got home I would be so exhausted, I couldn't even cook.
baby.
Okay. Does he work from home?
Oh that's nice
that's nice. What
wow. That's cool. That's really good.
mourns. Yeah. When I went back to work for the school district I was like spending so much money on like food because I get hypoglycemic. Well oh my yeah it was it was not even worth it for me.
Well
maybe
now.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what I do know I'm doing this low card like my blood sugar levels were kinda high. So I looked online for how to use a glue commenter and I found videos about how to eat so that you can lower your blood sugar naturally. You're a C. One. So I did that and my A. C. One levels went down so I'm like wow this is cool. You know not like doctors aren't really telling us this stuff so I do my own research.
Yeah.
Yes. Like with this mobile home I bought like I've been painting walls and I count that as an exercise.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah I should exercise and get out and walk around more but I don't so. Mhm.
Well
you're
probably
you're probably tired so.
Oh my gosh. Okay well have a good rest of the day, Week whatever.
All right thank you.