Hello.
How are you?
Hold on. I can't hear you too well. Mhm.
Try to say something.
Oh, that's, that's fine. Where are you from?
I'm in south Carolina
on the beach actually. Yeah.
Yeah. It's hot this time of year though
you said. And this,
Oh, taxes. Oh yeah. Yeah, I know out there.
Are you in school?
I've been asking for a little while. Yeah. Uh,
we're, I worked full time for a non profit organization now.
It's a local organization is called Caleb's Dragon Fly Dreams. We help out Children in group homes and foster homes here in the county. I live in,
they don't get much money from the state. So all the money we raise, um, buy some school equipment, play equipment. Uh, we take them on trips like four times a year, little vacation so they can go have fun.
How is that for you during the covid,
is it safe for you?
different from high school, isn't it? Yeah. Mm. Oh,
what are you going for?
that's on us proof. So, uh, you're highly intelligent then.
That's cool. Uh,
anything you want to know about me
horribly, donations are way down this year. Um, yeah, a lot of our fundraisers are event style fundraisers, so a whole bunch of them throughout the year. We're going to try our next one November 14 and 15th. We do like the medieval style festival and hopefully by then, uh, we'll have a nice attendance to that. But other than that this year has just been really hard. The state helped us out. Some, we've got a grant from the government to keep going to make sure the employees can work through it. Nobody's lost their job or anything. But it's been really tough and that's kind of expected because people don't have, a lot of people got laid off from work and their stores closed. Um Like I said, I live right by the beach. So it's very tourist driven money around here and with, with Covid not a lot of people are able to go on vacation or want to go on vacation. So that's less money coming in locally then we normally have so people have less to spend which hits us Harvard
and
right, yeah. Um we we sell products and merchandise online, which has helped us throughout the thing. Uh huh. Events online. We don't really do anything that someone would be interested in watching online. It's events you want to come to and have fun and experience a person.
Let's go. Are you from taxes before college? Big city. Little city
esko Yeah,
I
couldn't.
um right now the city I live in is kind of small but I'm from new york city in that area. Yeah, I used to live up north, so I went from very urban too, almost rural now. But I like it. I like being apart from my neighbors and my house has lake in the backyard. I'd never have that up where I was living and I got the beach is like a five minute drive for me.
It is very peaceful. No car horn honking when you're shining sleep. Yeah.
Well, oh, I love new york. I go back like twice a year. Um Nothing beats the food in new york. Uh Yeah, it's just uh, prices up there to prices down here is just so different.
And yeah, well they went through it. Dad was covid for a while. It's starting to get better up there. There's still a lot of things closed up there. Right. We
have
things.
we have a couple
of things closed around here, still like movie theaters and like, do you know what medieval times is?
like it's like a restaurant dinner show. We have a couple of those of all different styles here. Those are still closed for the most part, everything else is pretty much open. Um, our bars have to close at 11 at night and stood at two AM now that's still in effect and you have to wear masks in certain towns. Some are mandatory, some are just suggested around here. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah,
that's true. Yeah. Mm hmm.
We'll see. I don't know what you got to ask me.
wise, I'm always working on fundraising ideas. I love watching movies. So that's something we'll do a fish a lot out in the late, in my backyard. I
got a puppy, she's going to be six months old next week and she's a handful. So I've been training her and yeah. Mm hmm. Other than that, just, just normal things and nothing too crazy. I don't feel skydiving or anything.
I like all kinds except the uh, romantic comedy films. I'm not, I'm not into the notebook or anything like that. Action drama, sci fi, horror. Um, something that will keep me awake and not put me to sleep 15 minutes into it. You like
that, don't you?
You like that movie? The notebook, don't you? Yeah.
What?
No.
So you watch a lot of korean programming
so you must speak korean fluently then.
Two more more substance than just act
if they, right.
I do like marvel. I kind of like, do you see, I like older Star Wars. I don't like anything after the first
trip that much. Um The aliens movies, I love Sigourney Weaver in them. Uh Terminator films. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. That's one of my favorite movies that nobody ever any before.
Read the book first and watch the movie. Mm
I have a broad interest like, but I'm one of those types of people that we'll watch a movie once and it has to be really, really good to me for me to watch it again.
I don't I don't get how people come out the same movie. 10, 12, 15 guns in a row and it's like, you know what's
going
to happen?
I mean once you
standing, unless it's like one of those deep movies like uh Interstellar or Memento or something like that where you have to watch movie a couple times to figure out what's going on. But other than that, if it's a regular movie like okay, I've seen it, you know, move on to the next one. Mhm
movies like that,
you
can
watch a couple of times, but most movies are just like okay. Yeah, I got the point. Okay,
the first, the first three are great and then it's, I didn't like the last couple ones by J J. Abrams at all, especially the last film, I was just like
it just made sense to me.
Yeah.
Right, so
what do you do in your free time?
come here, what's it on like net breaks or something?
they have like a streaming service for like asian and programming and all? Yeah.
Yeah.
because I know they got a british one that my friend lives british shows and you subscribe to that? I didn't know if they have different ones for like different parts of the world.
These
thank
you. We're
if you hear some noise it's pouring here now, pouring down rain so that's that's
what you're hearing,
that
july was horribly sunny every day and Mirror 100° every day. And now we're starting to get into the rainy time of the year so it pulls it down. Yeah. Uh
I like thunderstorms and what
she and we have
to
watch,
we have to watch out for hurricanes where I live
because we're
we're on the beach. Yeah, we just had one
uh three weeks a month ago. It wasn't a bad one.
do you get
up?
Do you get a lot of tornadoes?
I would get away from one.
Mhm. Do they have um sports for the fallen at your school? Mm.
I know because we have coastal Carolina University is near us and I don't think they're doing much fall sports except for football in just a couple games, not a regular season.
Uh huh. I don't know if they're gonna sell tickets or not. Uh I know they're going to play a few games though, but a lot less than they normally would play. Mhm.
Well our college is notorious for partying and uh large gatherings because we're we're right here at beach town, so everybody likes to get drunk and party, so I don't know how well that's going to go over this year, but
rigid or uh with two days ago on monday
I think
they're doing a lot of the students are doing online classes for the fall semester, so it hasn't been as being traffic as bad as it normally, is it?
Do you find that boring in a way, and
like learning online instead of being a classroom with other people?
Yeah, I never had anything like that, so I'm just wondering like if you felt like you learn more that way as to a traditional learning method,
that's
so if the virus wasn't around, is there anything you'd be doing differently right now?
Um Well, I've been working from home lot, uh we have a central office that we used to work at five days a week, and now we split it up to where some of us go in like one or two days a week, and then we work from home the rest of the time, so I've been using zoom and conferencing calls way more than I've ever been. Um Being being the office manager is kind of hard when you're only in the office one day a week, right? You have to work and then there's like eight different people I talked to every day just to get everything done. So we've been using a lot of collaboration software more and facebook messenger and all that. And If it wasn't for the virus I'd be in the office five days a week doing my normal thing. But Mhm. With this virus it's it's changed a lot. I kind of like being at home though sometimes because like I told you I have that puppy and she is needy and needs attention and I kind of relax and I don't have to get dressed up and shave every day. So
it's
got its
pluses.
But it's also got its minuses sometimes gets a little
lonely at times.
But it seems to be getting a little bit better and once I get the vaccine going around and hopefully they will fall into that where the flu is now, you know.
Mhm. Um The last I heard they were making progress and they still have to go through Trials. So they said possibly in six months, maybe 6-9 months that they'll have a viable vaccine for it.
Well if you think about what we've been dealing with it since middle of last february, Late february.
hopefully
good. Hopefully they won't cut corners on it. Yeah.
Yeah. Well our time is almost up. I wish you success in your college korean and then find a job that you like doing once you get out of college.
Well
uh we'll bounce back. Uh we've been in Operation seven years and we're not at the point where we're worried about having the fold or anything like that. It's just, we can't do as much as we want for the kids right now. So they're going to, we'll make sure we take care of them when the donations and I rather new start picking back up. Okay?
But
you stay
safe
out there in texas.
I'll stay safe in south Carolina.
Yeah, it was great talking to you enough.
Have a great day.