Hello.
Somehow. It worked for me
I think. Mhm.
Hello?
Uh I'm in texas. What about you?
Thanks. Mhm.
that sounds fun.
Yeah, definitely. I can say the same for here.
No texas.
Yeah I went for a walk or where. It was pretty bad. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm in school.
It's getting
Um Oh what organization if you don't mind me asking?
Well that's really important to do. I'm glad that you do strong. Um
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure they enjoyed a lot, don't you? Yeah, I'm glad you have that. Yeah, I just started college so that's what I've been doing I guess. Mhm.
Uh It's definitely interesting. Like I really don't know how the campus would have been before Covid but like a lot of areas are pretty empty now. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, it's been pretty safe. Like I've been avoiding large groups with everything going on quick. But I guess yeah, I guess my school hasn't been bad in terms of covid cases. It's like other places I've seen, it's like single digit number, so that that's been pretty safe. Mhm.
Yeah,
like what made her I'm doing computers, funds.
Uh I guess so. Mhm
Mhm.
Um I guess he has a nonprofit been going like I guess was covid and stuff like that.
I see. Have
you tried, like, I like, I don't know much about how running a nonprofit would work, but have you tried by using through like online events?
That's, I don't know like my school has been doing, I guess they've been doing their Welcome Week events, like stuff like that. They've been doing all of that online. It's been interesting like we may do, I suppose. Yeah.
Uh Near a big city.
huh. I
haven't
been very much so, how about you?
That sounds really nice. Really peaceful. Yeah.
Mhm definitely. I guess the place I lived as a little like, like it definitely wasn't a big city. I guess both places have their charm. Did you like new york when you were there?
Oh yeah, I've seen like, yeah, it seems like it would be really expensive to live there. I want that for a vacation once. I liked it a lot, but I don't know how like I guess how it would be like living there
I
guess as I should
be in this country.
What?
Uh I know of it, I haven't been there. Yeah.
I guess here like campus events have been um they've just been um yeah, they just moved everything online. All the all the stuff where social organizations just online, but I guess in my hometown like a lot of things have been open and people just kind of haven't cared which is kind of bad but what can you do? Uh
huh.
Mhm.
Uh Well have you been like doing in quarantine like hobbies wise? Mhm.
Twice.
Yeah, I guess. Yeah. What have you been watching? What kind of movies? Mhm,
definitely.
I like one
I haven't watched it. I heard it was really bad. Um I guess to all the boys I love before like I watched that when that was a thing. It's just I don't know like most of the romance, most of the romance stuff I watches korean
because I don't know I just I just like their entertainment in terms of that a lot better. But yeah I guess I like you in the sense that like I watch I would pretty much
watch anything. Mhm.
Uh Yeah I do
I don't I don't speak in fluently, I'm not korean but I just like I just find their entertainment interesting. I like it. I guess I like it better in the sense that because like what I've like I guess for a romance stuff exactly like I guess american stuff I've noticed it just focus there's a lot more on like sex and drugs and like like that kind of I guess that's their idea of drama but I guess like I mean my friends like it's just not it's not what I'm into watching. Whereas like korean stuff, it tends to I guess focus more on the characters themselves. Yeah. Rather than like the crazy stuff they go through you like the characters are more interesting.
lot more substance
kind of I guess like do you like like marvel Star Wars what kind of actions to?
And
I need to get into that.
Okay.
Thanks.
And
then
yeah and then those people like they watched so many things again and again, like I don't know how they spend that much time with. I'm like that too. I guess like uh like I'll just watch everything once just because there's so much stuff out there I want to like see I guess mm
But
I guess maybe the max I'll watch it is price because like you noticed like some things you don't notice the first time with foreshadowing and stuff, I guess the first thing I thought of when you said that was inception, it's really interesting who
at
the
moment?
it's it's a movie. Uh anyway, I definitely watch Star Wars, like, like I probably watched it in the order. I shouldn't have because I watched it like in the order that the events happened rather than the Order of Police, but I definitely like the first trilogy, the best, the best was not as good. Yeah,
the last one, yeah, I heard people thought it was terrible because
yeah, the first ike was the best like, because the the the next one is literally just the same thing with different characters, why at least to the different storyline. Mhm,
mhm,
mhm
um I guess lately I've just, I'm like, I spent I've been spending time like meeting people on the internet, well like finding people to talk to that happened to go to my school. Like, I don't know, I just like talking to many people across the internet about my interests. I've also been watching the japanese, japanese shows, like my favorite thing I know is pike you, I guess it's a it's about volleyball and it, but it's like, it's like surprisingly entertaining.
the first two seasons on netflix, I still have to figure out how to watch the rest of it, but I've heard people like it, people like I know like it along. Mhm.
Usually I don't like to pay for that kind of stuff, I think uh Vicky
V I K I it's um it's a streaming service for korean drama. It's uh
Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure they do that flexes surprisingly limited
and I guess how it offers those
shows
which makes sense. They're probably just for certain regions. Mhm
I see,
it is the officer here. Oh my gosh, so it's so sunny and hot. Do you like
going?
um I guess, I don't know, I like I like it a lot when it means like, I don't know, I find it really calming. Mhm. Uh huh.
for when you're outside obviously, but
I
always
like to just listen to music. What were you saying?
How well
have you actually
who?
That's good. Um Mhm. What was it? Yeah, I've never actually experienced when like the part of texas, I mean doesn't get the say wait.
like
I guess yeah, where you live, like do people kind of just neglect sheltering after a while because it's because I just don't really care anymore?
Um Yeah, we do and that's why I asked that question because I thought of that because like the last couple of times we've had tornadoes like everyone was just not really sheltering or anything because people kind of just didn't share. Mhm. Yeah.
Yes, like part of the Children was like I should, but also I kind of don't care, I was still safe, but so that's what that really gets. Oh
Not not really, I don't know what they're going to do about that. I haven't I don't know what's going on with any of the organizations, I probably should, but yeah. Mhm
Oh, like without an audience.
I guess you have to get back to life at some point. I hope they don't sell too many tickets though, like I don't just college students.
Oh have they not started yet?
Oh nice. I think a lot of schools are starting around this time. Yeah. Oh,
but
I can say the same for here, like most of the professors have just chosen to um like operate their classes remotely, so I guess that makes life easier because you can just strip watch the recorded lectures. Yeah.
like accorded stuff or my
uh like I guess I've learned to socialize online a lot because I just spent a lot of time with that, but I actually find it a lot easier because with classes I guess you don't, but you still have to pay attention and I guess like watching recordings makes it easier because you can be wind and then I can talk to people about my classes whenever I guess It gives me a lot more flexibility. So I like the aspect of it.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, definitely, definitely online because in terms of like note taking for example, I can pause the video and write something down so
I don't miss stuff. Help, wow. Mm hmm.
Uh I definitely feel I wouldn't have to be cautious about seeing people because I guess because I've been seeing certain people who who haven't been seeing anyone else. But I guess, but I do have friends who are just like having like, like hanging out with 20 people at once. So I have to kind of, I'm kind of avoiding them a little bit more what I'm seeing people. Yeah, it's pretty picture. What about you?
That's
true.
It's
been
definitely.
Mhm. Here's what it is. Mm
Mhm. Yeah. Uh do you know like what they're doing for the vaccine so far? I like how it's coming along. Haven't been following the news as much because it's just like I kind of stopped following the news after a while because it was just like, oh, numbers are going on and it's like, okay, it's the same thing and I don't really want to see that every day
for the public Oh, that's really soon. That's good. Like.
Uh In fact, remember correctly. I think that I saw that it usually takes like a couple of years for development. So in terms of vaccine development is really fast.
I really hope so.
I mean, help me with the shape of the public.
Mhm. Thank you. Yeah, I hope that. Yeah,
nonprofit organization continues uh and does well because you're really doing a lot of good.
That's good.
Keep
doing
it.
Okay. You're to wait.
In south Carolina. Yeah.
Let's go talking to each