Can you hear me now? Hey how's it going?
Yeah. Yeah I was just having a camera
problem, something like that.
Really? Yeah I had a problem with the link last night. I was supposed to do it but the it was supposed to open in a new tab but it didn't it opened over top of the survey? Uh Yeah you know what I'm saying? Like the click here. Yeah.
So I was like well shit you know because you can't go back into the survey so I had to uh Yeah so I just like reapplied or whatever. Yeah.
Time 4. 4 or three. Oh
yeah we're yet.
Okay. We'll stay
all right. All right.
I'm in Kentucky.
Oh yeah we're at
I mean I'm in Louisville so.
Uh It's a well a recording corner. Yeah. Yeah. Not not for music though but for like voiceover were good and stuff like that. Thanks.
Thanks. So have you done many of these before? I mean, not bad for $15.
Oh hell yeah. I mean they can keep sending onto him and shit.
Uh No, this is my first one on this.
Uh Yeah, well, I've kind of had to switch up work. I used to uh work on prolific a lot uh about a year ago, but uh I started my own company and now I'm doing this homeschool stuff because of covid. So it's like I had to hire extra people to kind of do my
company,
but now I need to like make extra money whenever I'm sitting here because I can't like, I gotta keep my business running. And even if that means paying everybody else to do all the work, you know what I'm saying? Mhm.
Uh Are you in a busy area? Are you in like a more of a real spot or what?
All right. Uh Well, like a lot of the cities and shit now they got like the electric scooters that just sit on the sidewalks. You can like scan it with your app and it will start up and then you can, you know, just write it and it charges by the minute. Uh
only
about
100.
Well, I don't like 100 of those electric scooters. So. Yeah. Which I mean it's it's a small business. I normally only employed like two people. But since I got to be here with my kids, 24 7, it's uh had to hire two more, which is pretty much my salary, You know what I'm saying? But I get to keep my business until this ship blows over and you know, right. It is what it is. But I don't mind. So I'll just pick up if I can make an extra 60 or 70 bucks on prolific every week. And I mean that's grocery so whatever you know, everything else is covered. Mhm. Yeah.
Let's go
back.
No. Mhm. Is it kind of like 5050 or they like alternating days or something?
We're just straight home schooling right now. Uh Our
whole
county. Yeah. I mean they're giving us the option and uh because like whenever they do send them back, they're not going to send everybody back at once, it's going to be kind of up to the parents and then depending on how that goes, still send the rest of them back like it won't be voluntary, they'll have to go back so we'll see how it goes. Fuck. I mean since we've been out here since they let out of school last year, a week before spring break. Uh huh. Uh
Yeah like april yeah last year. I mean so. Yeah.
Yeah it's because we got like a full winter break here. You guys I guess you guys probably do like your around school warmer
climate. No.
Mhm. Yeah. Used to coming up.
It is.
He
never Yeah ours is just kinda don't know. Our numbers aren't looking too great I guess. I mean it dips and like we had a bunch of good hospitals but they're just fucking full. You know we got mask ordinance. The fuck. I think I got one around my neck. I'm just I have to take one fucking everywhere like we can't go in stores or nothing around
here.
I mean it's I guess it's not that I got kids so I mean I'm more of a better safe than sorry kind of person. Like I'm not thinking for me, I'm thinking for my kids, if it was just me, I probably just wouldn't think about it. Like not that wouldn't care. I just wouldn't consider it except whenever
forced
to do it.
Yeah, it's kind of like, well, I don't want to be wrong and it's just a mask. I mean.
Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. Okay. There is a I said you do a lot of online work.
Both. Mostly they're here. Or is that what you're using is prolific. Okay.
Well, with them,
Does mturk still do a lot of like transcription stuff? Like transcribing receipts?
All
for sure. That's why I like uh this you can get like a pretty good estimate. You can normally finish it sooner than the time frame says you can. Yeah.
And
I mean you get on it early in the morning, it ain't nothing to make $2030 before the kids get out of school if you stay on it.
Yeah it's really nice for sure. I mean it it helps. Yeah like I said I did it before I uh started into my company and kind of came back to I'm a single parent so
like 2024/7 and my kids are always me. It's
chills
like to.
Yeah I have two boys. I have
two
boys.
Yeah like 11 and nine. Yeah so it's busy busy busy man. Yeah
I
mean yeah it's one of those weird things, it's like you're lucky not to have them but you're lucky when you do too. I mean there's nothing wrong with it either way
but
and
he's uh enjoy the options that are available to you. You know what I'm saying? I mean pretty much uh I was with their mom for 15 years, something
like that. Yeah, I mean we got together, I mean she was 14, I was 16. Yeah, we stayed together for a long time. She passed away a couple years ago. Uh Yeah, I mean, you know it is, but So it's like I'm 35 and mm hmm. You know, just like settled into this life that nobody else around here has nobody that's 35, you know what I'm saying? Like I remember whenever my mom was 35 and she just wasn't, she wasn't doing what I'm doing. You know? It's kinda silly. I mean interesting though, dude, interesting life. I mean I found like so many different ways to work like that I wouldn't have even thought of beforehand, like I used to like work on machines and stuff like that, you know what I'm saying like and now I get like read english translations for apps and shit, you know what I was like
you
know?
Yeah. Yeah there's some like a prolific some of them pop up on prolific on occasion. Uh There's some on inter uh and what? Mhm. Like I mean I know what the recording quality of this mic is but I don't know what like I don't know how good it sounds to you or if you're getting like popping your feedback or anything but uh
Yeah I mean I've never been denied a job because of it like as far as like submitting work and them saying that the quality wasn't good enough for anything. Uh
Good
great.
That's what
and yeah.
What
I.
If you're Mhm.
Hi
okay. Yeah man this mic right here it ran me. I got it on sale on Amazon. I think I paid $40 for it. Uh Yeah look like if you look on their uh I mean there's some really good ones like uh this one has a rechargeable battery and I can unhook the USB cable and hook up a uh like a 3.5 millimeter auxiliary cable to it and hook it into my phone and use it as a mic. You know uh stuff
like
that. But it came it came with the arm and everything and I two and a uh tripod for the desktop so you can take the mic off, put it on here and sit down.
And the
no it's uh it can be USB or it can be uh just a 3.5 millimeter jack. Like if you have a laptop or a Chromebook you can just plug it into the headphone jack. You know, if you got like the dual mic headphone jack? Uh but like the back of a pc, you have, like if you got like a desktop or something, you would just want to plug it into a USB. Like that's what I'm using right now. It's just us be no special sound card or anything. I mean I have a
I
have
decent desktop though. Uh My graphics card can like do like Dolby, so you know, so that kind of fills in for it. But I'm still I'm not hooked up to that. I'm hooked up through USB. Uh The only thing like my computer is really doing for it is just the like the codex, you know, as far as like the software behind it, just to make it work. Everything else is just raw feed while I'm running through. Broadcast software actually called O. B. S.
Yeah, like check this out. Yeah. It's just uh it's kind of like what they would use. Its good for. Like if you're doing a live stream or something that you would switch different cameras or anything like that. Like I have a tablet here on my table that I can hit like custom buttons to transition to a different camera to a desktop screen or an open window or whatever like that. It's
all Freeman and open source.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like to use it. Uh It hasn't launched yet but I've uh there's a couple of blank pages if you search for it, but I'm working on a a Youtube channel right now. Uh They're used a lot for I like to kind of it's easier like I can record what's what you're seeing of me. So a lot of times like transitioning or editing sometimes it's easier to have a video ready to go on like a separate monitor and then while I'm like you know talking about one thing or another, I can just reach down and touch my tablet and it cuts to the video and I can continue talking instead of me having to do all that in like post production editing. Yeah it's kind of like live streaming techniques with recording. I don't know, I just I find it easier to get like my thought and my conversation flow better as far as like if I'm watching it as well as talking you know? And instead of trying to like put all that, I just record it as I'm watching and then talk along to it instead of trying to match up audio to video and stuff
like that later.
right And I'm right now, I'm just a one man show. So you know, and in that uh you can do like true crime like older shit though, like stuff that you like, like bizarre shit from like the twenties or the thirties that you just wouldn't fucking heard about. You know, It's just like, oh my fucking God, like really like there's this really rich dude in Louisville that inspired me. He's uh Back in the 20s. He thought his wife was cheating on him. So he hired these two out of town private detectives to pretty much him this dude up at his work and drive them to this house out in the the west end of the city and uh fucking took those railroads, stables, those big U. Shaped railroad stables and uh change them to the floorboard of this fucking house and filled the room up with surgical supplies and chloroform and like all this like sulfuric acid and shit man. And like this
is the twenties you know saying the twenties and uh the crazy thing is dude got free had a two shot derringer hidden in his boot, was able to kill the guy that had like a couple hostage escaped from the house while handcuffed and partially naked and then I was so scared he hits from the police for like two days before finally coming forward because like he didn't know what the fuck is going on.
Like he wasn't having an affair with dudes wife. Just dude
was like
paranoid.
No no dude was so paranoid man. He didn't hired a female detective from Indianapolis. Like this student has private detectives to fucking babysit his life. Pretty much like he paid this woman to live with his in his house with his wife. Like if he wasn't in the room with his wife, then this female detective was.
And like the fact that like, you know nowadays there would be so many warning signs
like,
you know, I mean, you can't like quickly grab a woman's risk in public anymore without like confrontation. You know what I'm saying? Like without someone even like misinterpreting the situation, you could be stopping them from grabbing something hot, but ISA are still going to turn. But this dude was hiring out of town private investigators to sit in the room with his wife. I mean bizarre shit. But I started looking into that and I was like, okay, I'm just gonna do this. And I found myself being at home a lot more already doing voice over stuff and like
fuck
it,
that's the pizza.
I mean
there's so many crazy ones here in Louisville that like, because I watch a lot of it on Youtube and you know, so much of it, like that's what I found myself watching. But then I'm thinking, man, if only they knew about this story that happened here or you know what if the only they knew about this, Why isn't anybody writing about that? Like it's not like, fuck it, I'm gonna do it at least. That's where I'll start. I'll start on all of those and then I'll see where it goes. You know what I'm saying? Oh,
Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. You know, I had like an old twitter account from my uh pro wrestling fan days
and uh yeah, I was, but it was like so old. I was able to like completely rename it and everything. So my Youtube channel doesn't have a video yet, but I have like 3300, 3300 something twitter followers. They just don't know it, they just don't know it yet, like. Mhm. So once I found out I could do that, that encouraged me a little bit more. I was like, well fuck, at least I can post link here and people will see it, You know? I
yeah. You know, it's like, well, at least I'm not starting from nothing. I don't have any YouTube subscribers, but when I start, at least I got 3000 something Twitter followers that can see the links, you know, whether or not they give a shit. I don't know. I mean we're
talking
like,
like 10 year old wrestling fan counts, you know? Uh huh.
Like, but they're gonna they're gonna get a surprise in a couple of months where they start getting bombarded with links. Yeah,
like an ad revenue and shit under changed so much since back in the day to, it's fucking weird now you got to have a 1000 subscriber minimum. A
total of 4000 watch hours. Not of content but of actual you've been watched
for
a total of 4000.
Yeah. Which I mean you know, depending on how long the videos are you figure most true crime stuff like the good ones. At least the ones that get in like all the details and that's why you watch the true crime shit is for the details. You know The good ones are like the 20 minute ones.
You
don't know.
Thank
you. Yeah the case, you know you can get away with 40 minutes if you're talking about like three cases that are really similar or something. You know 20 minutes on one case that like I always find myself just like ignoring like the ones that see their like 11 and 12 minutes or you know because you're talking like okay well they're gonna do their two minutes of introduction in the beginning, they're gonna do a minute and a half with the shilling their shit at the end of the, you know, they're they're gonna try to sell you a T shirt or something at the end of it. So you're looking at like eight minutes of true crime like you know, it's in
the kitchen
like you know, Colonel mustard in the ballroom with the knife solved like I mean, you know. But yeah, I'm gonna give it a shot. I mean the kids uh like I said they're here, I'm here with them and I mean I got a company that is well paying my bills and paying my employees but nothing else. So.
yeah, yeah, I mean the only thing I got to lose his pocket, change my mix already paid for itself with like the voiceover shit, you know? Uh man, if you can find the ones on prolific, it's like some of it, you're just recording lines over and over and over and it's for uh it will be for like weird Middle Eastern apps that just requires an english speaker, you know what I'm saying? So I mean we're, my voice is probably over there in the Middle East translating some phrase, you know, I'm like the turn left here guy, I whatever, but they pay uh they pay pretty good like you can, they'll give you you know like three or four bucks for maybe eight minutes worth of like repeating a phrase and you won't even be recording the whole eight minutes. You'll have to, you'll have like you'll give like a five second pause and then you'll say the phrase and then you wait five seconds and then you'll click next and then when it completely loads you'll wait five seconds, you'll say the phrase, you'll wait five seconds, you'll click next. You know if you don't have, if you have too much or not enough silence in the beginning and the end,
like
if you come across them well it will it won't even tell you, it will just like reduce your pay or whatever because yeah, it's like a scaled pay. Like whenever you see it, it's kind of like a scaled pay. Kind of like how this is like you get paid for signing up, you get paid if the person doesn't show up, you get paid for completing it. Uh So yeah it kind of does it like that, but it's I guess I guess the more clips they can use, the more you go up, You know what I'm saying? So like instead of just assigning one clip per job, they assign like you know 18 clips and then however many of them you get correct, it's how many you get paid for, you know? So. Yeah but I mean they're pretty good uh you got to have piece of enough quality or a good enough internet connection so that you don't get interference. But uh I mean I like them because I can just sit here and click and read that you know I mean fuck I can put headphones in and listen to my headphones and watch something different monitor as long as it doesn't interfere with the recording, you know? So it I mean it's not too bad. Uh
Haven't
haven't done one on mturk in a while, but I haven't been on mturk in a minute either. Uh But the last time I did one on there, I know it took me like just like an external site that ran like it's kind of like reminded me of the old school flash animations from like early internet, but it would just have the words up on there and then you would click the record button and say the words and then click stop and then it would play it back and you could repeat it like up to five times until you were comfortable with it and then submit it. Yeah, but uh it's all right. I don't think they paid as much though as the prolific ones did, but I like prolific of the exchange rate for that's that's
what's that. I tried to do like the post mates and the door dash and shit, but I just, I don't like people enough I think,
you know,
you
need
me that uh
excuse
me. It's like I get with where I live, I'm closer to some places in indiana than I am in Louisville. Like because I'm right at like downtown Louisville almost. Actually I'm in old Louisville. Uh it's, they say it's the largest victorian neighborhood in the United States, but I just can't see that, you know? But that's their claim to fame. But I don't because I mean I've lived around here my whole life and it's just, it's not that big of an old victorian neighborhood, you know? But I mean I haven't been to any other victorian neighborhood. So I mean, I don't know, it just
seems
like
it just seems like boston or philadelphia or someplace
that's been around like One of the 13 colonies, like what have I mean? But then like I guess victorian architecture wasn't that big of a deal back then. They weren't exactly doing manors and mansions and shit you know? But yeah like I've always wondered about that. I just never made sense. Uh A lot of history though especially one of the most haunted everything is apparently the most haunted neighborhood. But I mean of course it's the most haunted Victorian neighborhood. It's the biggest 1.2 right? It's got
more
opportunities for ghosts. I mean yeah it's not too bad. There's a park across the street from the man that was designed by the same guy that designed central Park in new york. Uh
Yeah. Yeah apparently he was just like a fan of the area and asked the city if he could make a park there. Uh huh. Yeah. Good. Yeah.
No.
Well Well we have about two minutes left. I
know
I'm already sure.
Wait
half an hour. Oh really? What time do we start? I don't have any time around my thing. I'll
wait
another
street.
I
got yeah I got 31.30. So I mean I'm good for like another six minutes just to be safe. I think they will cover both of us. Yeah.
Oh
do you know the
perfect,
Do you know what their purpose behind this study is yet? You said you've done it a few times.
Usually
the
answer I get is
I don't know
but I
was
assuming
that
stuff
in the new quick
but
she picks up
since
the pandemic hit
comparing before and after. Like
we're
seeing what
the effects
I
can see that.
I I can see that. I mean I definitely think that I communicate better online. I'm much more likely to just I would almost rather just take a zoom call. That a fucking phone call. I mean it's just it's just easier for me. I mean it's on like every fucking device and I mean you see I've run a business so like because my employees working on the streets out in the field, I mean I track there their phones, my phones that I gave them uh like and they have to go to like a certain like I can mark a location every morning and that's where they have to go to clock in and once the GPS shows them there, they can clock in and then get to work so I can send them to like the busy area and they can clock in when they get there. But I like to video chat with them instead of calling them because then I can see the area, I can see if they're sitting in a truck. I can see if they're sitting in the restaurant, you know, are they out walking around? Are they? You know, hey, hang on, I'm unloading the truck, you know, that kind of thing.
Insurance reasons. I do all the maintenance. Uh, I got like two different jobs that my employees will do. They'll do what I call like a rebalance or relocate, which is where they'll go out and they'll pick up stuff and, you know, out of a yard or out of a parking lot and then move into a busy area, you know, get more people on it
or.
I got 100 of them in the city. You know what I'm saying? I got 20 spots. I like to keep five out, you know? Uh, but a couple of extra gaps to freely move things around. And I got more spots that do scooters for, you know, reasons, but uh okay, So like if the batteries, you know, we'll say 30% or less whenever they pick it up, they'll just bring it on in and we'll charge, you know, whenever we charge them, I give them a once over, I hook up a tablet to it and it'll kind of tell me if any of the sensors or anything are showing like the brakes being bad or or potentially going bad or you know, like the life expectancy on the headlight bulbs, you know, different things like that. Like how many rotations the motor is taken because their hub driven their hub motors. So like the front wheel uh wants to tread and stuff starts to go bad on it. That's like an entire new motor. So you want to make sure like the upkeep and stuff on them is good and uh stuff like that. But I had all that and like the maintenance stuff and normally I would go out in the morning and my kids are at school and I would work like the mornings and just like put out everything that's been charged from the night before. And then I would send out guys like mid afternoon to pick up things that were written that morning and take them back to whatever busy spots that are for the afternoon and then Don't go out a second time. Like they'll get to go home and take a two hour break. Then they go out a second time and a lot of second time and pick up all the ones that are like classified as dead or dying and bring those in. We'll charge them up the next morning. I take them out, put them out. Yeah,
just
kind of cycle. Yeah, it's a dollar to start. But what is, is I I worked with bird or have you ever heard of them? Bird scooters? Well it's a, it's a large California company. They have scooters in like all uh major cities and like a bunch of parts of the world. Pretty much the way it works is is uh I bought the equipment from them, I bought all the scooters from them. I give them uh the scooters when a person rents one, it's a dollar to start and it's uh 30 cents like essentially breaks down like 30 cents a minute or 30 cents a minute to write it. But but you're talking like, I mean they go up to 18 miles an hour so it doesn't take long to get from one place to another on one. You know what I'm saying? You run up five bucks cheaper than a cab and you went, you know have any miles, you're not stopping the stoplights and shit like that. There are street legal around here. Yeah, so I mean you're not dealing with like bumps on the sidewalks or anything. I mean you're on the street and going, especially downtown with all the bike lanes and stuff like that, you know, it's just hop on and go, you're staying still and move 18 miles an hour, 30 cents a minute. I mean especially like people downtown, they're like just trying to go like from the hospital if you grab their lunch and then go back to the hospital or something because you can choose like to endure ride and go into a store or you can choose to suspend your ride and like just pay like half the price a minute to kind of reserve and keep the scooter waiting for you. And uh. Yeah I mean but I worked with Bird and essentially uh that dollar that the person, the dollar that the person pays to start the scooter goes to Bird. Okay well well yeah but I mean I make all of the other stuff and that dollar, here's what bird does for me, okay my scooter's go on their app so I don't have to advertise my own shit. You open up birds app, you go to Louisville 100 of what you see is mine. Yeah. Uh to handle all of my Gps and sim card activation. That's one sim card per scooter that keeps it activated. They handle all of the back end like stuff. Whenever I send a signal from my phone to unlock the scooter, it's going through birds network, you know what I'm saying? Whatever an alarm goes off because somebody moves the scooter uh on the sidewalk before renting it or something. And I get a ping on my phone. That's birds me. That's that service I'm getting from birds for that dollar. So
you know.
Yeah. And if you
figure
because
uh well that dollar though, you figure that dollar is advertised to the customer as unlocking the scooter. So everything that that dollar pays for is literally computer, Okay, I'm getting all of the mileage money, all of the, I'm making all the money off of the wear and tear that's being put on the scooters. You get what I'm saying? They're not cutting into my wear and tear time or anything like that. They're literally taking the dollar upfront to unlock the scooter, but they're also keeping track of them all for me. I can open up the map at any time. I get reports, I get like traffic reports every week that shows like uh it's kind of like a heat map of the city that show if we're like most rides were started where they were ended, you know the likelihood of this being a good spot. You know maybe a new restaurant opened up and for some reason a lot of people are driving birds of this area. Well maybe I need to put more from more where they're coming from or maybe I need to put more in that area for them to write home you know uh those
kinds of things.
So they definitely
provide
and I don't have to I don't have to keep an app updated, I don't have to pay for monthly sim card service on 100 fucking you know this shit adds up I mean
But yeah but that dollar adds up to. But I mean I get so many rides man that like your average ride will be about seven or 8 bucks. Okay. And uh But I get it's not uncommon at all to get anywhere from $18 to $35 rides like just on a regular basis, you know what I'm saying? Uh I mean you're talking with 100 scooters, I can easily get You know 300 something ride today, So even at $3 a ride that's still $900 a day, you know I gotta pay city permit fees because I have to have permits to put myself on the sidewalk. But apart from that man it's like it's great you know?
No.
Yeah
yeah but normally I keep two employees not sport. So
those
two employees. Yeah and like I'm still making enough money to pay my bills, like
I'm
not
right. Exactly, you know? So I'm literally like working for food right now while employing four people, but as soon as we're done, I mean, I'll go back to making my four figures a week and you know, working six hours a day in the morning and a couple hours at night, I'll be sitting in my bedroom like doing motor repairs. I mean I don't I don't have a female in the house so I can get away with like having like orders and brake pads and shit in my bedroom, my flyers,
pliers on the nightstand. You know what I'm saying? Like whatever, there's a giant fucking table clamp on my computer desk. I can't spend my my my camera around to it. But I do I have like a table mounted c clamp just like hold like wheels straight so I can like Ben pipes and stuff and like whenever handlebars get bent, I can like tap them back out with, I
mean, you know, it didn't cost me anything up front. I was, I used
to
work
for them
and
they just
got
ahold
of being
were like, hey, do you uh try this new thing, do you want in? And I was like, okay, well how much does it cost? And they're like, well we're not going to charge you up front because we don't know if it's gonna work just so look, Just give us
10%
of what you make until it's paid off and then we're good
and I'm like no down
payment, like no, just pick them up next week. Okay.
man, man, I'm telling you. I think we're yeah, I mean, I don't want to keep you. Yeah, I think we're definitely clear down, man. Oh yeah.
How often in action?
How often have they contacted you? Like
how
frequently you said you've done about six of them?
Mhm.
Money. The city,
everything
All
right. I marked a lot of time. I'm hoping I can pick up on it man. I don't mind making I mean even even if it takes an hour, I mean I'll take $15 an hour to sit here at home, you know?
you
can
feel at
what times are available
and
not
be for
the next.
awesome dude. Thanks thanks for the advice man.
All
Yeah man. Good luck with you too. It's nice meeting you. What uh
do we just close it? Alright
Man, You have
one