Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. People. Uh huh. Hello? Mhm.
I'm doing all right
Okay that's seen here. So
from Louisiana, where
are you from?
that's
pretty close by
then.
Uh I'm not really sure. I mean man just has the window open so to keep the window open to the entire time of the conversation.
It's gonna okay. Uh Louisiana has been pretty much locked down now for the last uh about a month and a half. Um People started kind of run around and
to stuff.
my understanding is pretty much everything still live down in new Orleans. I think they were able to kind of move about. Some of the parks might be open but
I'm not sure.
It's
okay. Uh it sounds like it was pretty open ended. They just wanted uh 2025 minutes of conversation and uh then they Followed up with about 20 minutes worth of questions so it's it's
different
making
yeah something like that. Uh I mean I can't complain, it
I think they're just checking to see whether people can talk for 20, minutes,
I
mean.
I
mean
that's a possibility. Um I don't know, I'm still a a required workers so you know, I got
to work
days.
yeah, it's the same here, so like I said, I mean I got my wife and my son here, so
you know,
He's six years old so
you'll be seven here in september, he's autistic, so you'll hear him just kind of like rambling on in the background.
Just one. So
yeah she does, but it's a little something
to
hold off for it, so
now she's
Okay.
was 31. 32. Yeah.
It's
You got more time. Mm.
Yeah it's uh it kind of creeps up on you. Yeah before you know it all your social to be, you know, it just turns into like it's all about babies, babies and new houses and yeah, new jobs. So yeah,
I just found it.
that's yeah, it does affect them a little bit at least for the first few years and it really just depends on, you know,
you
know, it's it's probably not the first we did travel a whole lot for I'd say about the first 3 to 4 years, you know? And then we started doing vacations and stuff like that where we travel about um You kinda you kinda hunker down for the first couple of years. So
my son had like sleeping issues for about the first two years. He still does. But it's not as bad to where the only thing I ever wanted to do was sleep because you know, he didn't want to sleep.
So. Yeah,
there
was there
was
traveling.
Uh He was weird. Um You can go like three days straight without falling asleep. So um Or
he
Yeah or if you fell asleep you fall asleep for maybe an hour at the most and then you go again for 36 hours. So
we finally got up on some medication and so now he's a little more regulated but
uh maybe uh he was so young at the time. Yeah.
I mean
what do you what do you tell eight month old baby, you
know, go to bed. They just yeah, they just got to look at, you know, didn't matter. So,
But yeah, I mean even now it's I'm like lay down and go to bed and
the only way you go to bed is if he's tired, so Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I
uh decent like I said, I mean he's on medication that helps out, he takes melatonin and um which I give
to
him
about
the hour. Do what?
Um we went to be brought into a a child neurologists and that
was basically her go to, she said, you know, go ahead and start giving them melatonin, you know, a certain amount programs and uh yeah, it was like night and day. I mean you give them the melatonin, you know, it's like within an hour
he's usually
conked out.
But
I
mean,
yeah, I mean, I mean I have even, I've tried it myself, just see, you know, if I notice the difference and yeah, it does, it usually it takes about 30 minutes for it to kick in. But you know, if you're tired, it'll make you feel even more tired. Um
but
it helps.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I've been doing prolific now for I guess about a year. Um I think in total uh pregnant about $6, It just kind of,
it's
kind of, it just kinda depends like and I'd say I would have made a lot more but just like,
you know,
all network and stuff, obviously I'm not doing this and so I only kind of catch it like Maybe once or twice during the week, you know? But you know, in the mornings. Um but yeah, that was probably about $600. Just
like
two days.
to oval Novo, it's
like,
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I just stick with one Nova or Dell um because I'm just fine with, with all the other brands, it's, it's a toss up, you know, you might go to buy. I mean some of them are just tricky. You know, the parts are specific parts to, to that type of laptop, you can't find anywhere else. I find little new and del, you know, typically if I gotta go pick up a part or if I got order apart, it's available.
So and
no, can you tell?
Well
actually
a lot of my old army buddies of doing the same thing and ensuring pictures and so we all got beards and long hair going.
Yeah, quite insurance,
that's not too much. Um I found when it first starts growing out it'll bother me a little bit, but then for whatever reason it's like my skin gets used to it and uh then it stops aggravating me. So I mean it's the beards a lot thicker than it looks, it's just like for whatever reason the lights kind of makes showing a lot of it's not there, but yeah, it's
you want to tweet? Mhm.
Okay, so and no
no questions
because
no,
it's
ok
uh I think they are recording it, so yeah, um which I think they've done another one like this before, I wasn't available to do it um but yeah, they just record I guess to make sure that you're talking, I don't know or you
know, possibly easier for their analysis, you know, because that's pretty much what all these surveys before, therefore, you know, universities and stuff for them to, you
know.
Um I got a couple. Mostly I kind of have kind of shied away from a lot of them. I tend to uh just do a site where a lot of times I'll like feel around with the websites like uh you know, testing amount I do uh in tele zoom and uh user testing your my two big Go twos. Um
Just
No use of testing. It's a it's a sight basically sign up and uh you basically kind of test out a website. It's kind of like a they put you through a test and uh it takes a little while for them to get back with you the first one, but you get paid like $10 per per site two.
It's I've actually it just depends. Um the longest it usually takes me is 30 minutes. But sometimes I've done one that takes like five minutes and it's always $10. And
then
yeah um Like I said I've probably made use it very often because a lot of times I'm you know I'm not available to sit down to do it or you know I got too much, no one's going to the background. Um So but I mean typically I can hop on there once twice a week and I'll pull in like.
No no it's it's a it's a website, it is a website and it's actually legit I probably made, I don't know, 200 bucks and that's you
know.
Yeah I mean it's about I get about the same out of it that I do from like prolific overall um per month and then it tele zoom is just like user testing. Um It's websites and then they have uh you get the websites eventually. Um But there's also like uh they call them card sorting, which is basically like when uh they go to build a website and they're trying to figure out how to organize the menus.
You know, it's where they make sense for for customers. Like that's what you're doing is you're kind of organizing menus.
Um So you just kind of get feedback. It's like $5 for a card or $8 to test out, you know, a a website.
it's all feedback.
equipment.
It's
possible. You just got, you know, you picked it up from from somewhere else because they're constantly sharing your email. I get all kinds of trips. Yeah look out. Um But
yeah they're both legit.
gamer
mostly I'll pick them up just to do Stuff for the websites. Um yeah I used to be a gaming back in the day, these are actually pretty cheap, I think I spent like 2030 bucks on them. Um But like I did run all over the place to find like a decent set. Um
I found
like
yeah because what they do is they record your interaction with it. Um And they have you like talk you're giving feedback for the website and so basically
you'll talk
and you know you answer questions and uh I finally got you know it cancels out like the noise around me better with these. Um So
it's hard to cancel them out with with anything. Um
But yeah so you know it was just kind of investment because I've just been doing this now for Probably about two years and I was like yeah I'll go ahead and drop you know 20 or $30 on a good set of headphones.
Yeah, probably not,
I mean if I was a hardcore gamer maybe, but I mean I used to be a gamer back in the day um but I mean we're talking about like request in World War craft
tight,
the next number.
yeah. Um Yeah that's that that was kind of the last bit there um after that I was like all right, I'm getting old, gotta gotta, you know, I got a kid.
so
I don't think anyone's ever ready to to have a kid so
you kind of just kind of you know, you got to make that leap and they need the kid shows up. It's like okay. And it's amazing because you know, you you swear up and down that like someone's gonna give you some crazy advice. I remember being in the hospital and was like, all right,
here's your kid, you can go home now and uh you know, it's like okay now, what?
So
yeah, yeah, I didn't sleep for, I'd say probably the first six months. It was it was horrible. And I had just gotten a new job at the time. I was I was working out at the plant, working like crazy hours and uh yeah, so I remember it was it was a visible first six months.
yeah. I mean, we tried as best as we could. I mean proof would have rolled down to is, you know, I was it was nerve wracking because I mean, I was in a new job, so there was a lot of stress, you know, just from just a new schedule and long hours.
And then my wife was, you know, stress because just like me, she had never had a kid before. And so, you know,
we're both kind
of
like,
yeah. I mean on the top of that, like, you know, a lot of people, you know, their first kid sleeps, you know, normal and, you know, it's normal. And, you know, my son didn't sleep, you know, for, for hours on end.
I mean it was, yeah, it was, you know, he would sleep for, for an hour. Yeah, about every 18
hours. It's a premium
would have all down to.
So
yeah. So, and they said that that was, that was part of autism. So I'm on system autistic kids, you know, when they're born, that's what they do. And uh, you know, we just kept going on and on. And finally we're like, okay, You know, we got to bring him to the doctor and see what's going on and that's, you know,
that was the case.
Yeah. We had both of our parents and ted work within like the educational system. And so they were aware of like autistic Children in general traits and stuff.
So once they start seeing some of the, you know, that the standard traits, they started, you know, doing some research and that's when they were like, hey, you know, we think he's autistic tested. So that's what we did. So I got them tested.
I mean,
So, I mean that's we, we started noticing and just because he would learn things and one of the traits is regression basically. They'll learn something and they'll do it for six months and also they wake up one day and stop doing it. You know, whatever it is, they learned it no matter how hard you try, they just won't remember. Um And so you did that a couple of times, like you would start
talking.
Just like general stuff like were born, like you reach that point we start talking and then all of sudden one day you wake up and know you're no longer talking
like you just forget. So uh so you we had like moments like that are just, you know, he's weird with food. Uh
absolutely.
Um It's a it's a picky eater but it's picky on on a weird level like uh you know, he likes yogurt so we give them yogurt, but if you give them yogurt and a container that he's not used to you want yogurt doesn't matter this to say that.
it's uh pretty wild
so
same here. Mhm.
Yeah,
I mean that was
what?
I'll be I'll still see you.
Mhm.
I have no idea.
Check Remember to keep the conversation for 25 minutes.
huh. I don't know.
But
Uh let's see how about how many minutes? Yeah. No, I mean we're it 26 minutes. Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm.
Coffee doesn't even affect me. Uh I drink
I drink
coffee before going to bed. Yeah,
I've always
been like that.
Well I mean I've been Louisiana, believe me. I know.
But
yeah. Yeah. But I like Louisiana. I mean I did uh I was in the military, I went to a I. D. Out in texas and uh I remember coming out with this crazy cause and it was from the dry air so and everybody thought that I was dying or something. Um but come to find out it was just the air because after that I left for Korea and once I got the Korea I was I was fine. So.
drinks.
Yeah, I believe you. That's that's when the end of our career was the food, the food and just that the culture. I just love the fact.
Um It's a just they're really laid back. Um they basically up and go get up and about like 24 7. It seems like they just never go to bed. Um Yeah
it really it's
always.
Yeah. Yeah I guess so. Um I just remember like one of my buddies grew up in Korea and uh you know you go after up to Seoul to like his old stomping grounds and I mean there was always places open, I mean we've been running around at four o'clock in the morning and you find a restaurant that was opened in or just like an internet cafe or like a movie.
Yeah it's it's like it's like stepping into the future, that's the best way I could explain it. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I
did.
The
farthest I've got in the fan was the Tokyo Airport, you know I had a couple of layovers there. Um But yeah, I mean same by I got from Japan. I just, I felt
that the cultures of Korea and Japan is very similar. Uh It was just a lot of the specifics were different, you know, it always seemed like they just, they like the opposite of what the other nation did. You know if south Korea like their soup pot you know Japan wanted there at the same suit cold
or you know it's like you know we put the seabed on the inside, oh well we put the seabed on the outside of the roles,
so
A little over three years. Yeah.
I was like I was like a local at the point by the time I left.
No
it's
uh it's cheap, it was cheap compared to the states.
correct.
No I mean there they had a pizza place where they had a degree in bogota pizza which was awesome. Um And I'm never getting a large pizza for I think it was 12001, which was about $9.00 I think for a large pizza. And I mean it was gourmet pizza.
Well you know basically korean
barbecue
on top.
I mean it was it was awesome. Uh Still got a couple of buddies that are living out there and they love it. So
I mean
it's.
Yeah I had 20 bodies like dude, I just want to stay here. I almost
date myself.
Hey.
Mhm. Yeah. But it's it depends on what you like and what you don't like. Uh You know if you're a gamer or if you, you know just love technology if you like being able to kind of like I found for me I was not much of a person who liked material goods, like I wasn't interested in buying a whole bunch of stuff. Uh but I liked software, like games, I liked internet, the lights and everything about computers, and I liked being able to, you know, hop on a bus and go take a trip downtown or
you know, grab a cab or something like that, you know, that was it was the there was a lot of just mom and pop shops,
you know, like
I wasn't in Seoul, I was uh South was right near P. M. Tech.
It's a
true.
Osan
your son
Britain.
I haven't seen the movie, but.
Bye.
Yeah, so but yeah,
let's see, wow, I think I'm just about done here, Right? Yeah. Okay.
Oh yeah, yeah. Whoa. Oh okay, mm.
Mhm. Well, I mean, I figured they'd have you talked to somebody? I just didn't I didn't know uh you know exactly how it was going to go, you know, I didn't know whether it was they were not like give you specific things to talk about or um Yeah if it would just be open ended.
I think we're good. I mean we have hit the 26th minute mark. Um and that was like 10 minutes ago. Um So
we should be able to close out but
it was good talking to you.
You
too.