peter. Yeah. Yeah yeah I think I know. Mhm.
one second. Can you hear me? Okay cool. How are you?
Wait so we have to leave this other window open. So I was reading I just loaded it up.
So where are you from? You have an accident?
I'm
next to you. I'm in texas. Okay so
25
minutes
wait. So I have to leave this online survey software page open. Okay click here. Open new tab in your conversation. Do not move on to the next page until you have open. So do I click next on the other page before
You can use this timer to track your remember? Okay. Yeah I think that's fine. So how are you how how is a COVID-19 and quarantine going?
they started
opening up stuff here in texas. I'm pretty surprised but most almost everything is still closed. But I know new Orleans, new Orleans was hit pretty bad virus.
Yeah they opened up trails and parks here last weekend. And uh but I mean I doubt anyone. I mean I would I went for a run Last weekend at 1/2. Uh huh. Um So do we have questions to talk about it? We just
mhm. It said they would probably ask questions or they had questions but they may or may not but I didn't check. I mean I ran over my computer, I was in the bathroom.
Sorry?
That's
pretty straightforward. I know they're paying $15 for so that's pretty plus another. was it like $2
yesterday too so.
Mhm. Yeah I'm not gonna I'm not but I think I mean what do you think the study about?
I
think
they're trying to see how it will affect our mood because they asked Like how are you feeling like laundry like during that questionnaire yesterday or whenever you did it and today, like the first thing they ask is like you feel like lonely or whatever and then probably see how how
people
are after talking for 25 minutes.
Sam.
I mean I'm still
going to work and I mean actually nothing has nothing has changed for me except that like I don't see my friends and I can't go to the gym and that's that's really it. You know, quarantine isn't that bad. I mean I enjoy staying at home. So
how
old is your son?
Six.
Do you have any other kids?
Just 1, 6. Does your does your wife on another case?
You
don't?
No.
My my sister just just had a kid
last year so it's pretty cool being an uncle. How old were you when you have kids?
That's my that's my age, that means I gotta try
to get married. Yes, I
my actually my, one of my close friends for the first time had had a kid, uh let's see how many months ago, six months ago, and it was like, wow, it's like my first set of friends having kids. I mean, I had like acquaintances have kids, but this is like the first one where like I held the kid was like, wow, my friend's kid, that's cool every time they're having the kid too, but my sister is a little bit older.
I
think the only thing I'm worried about is like, I still want to travel a lot and I feel like if once I get like married and settled down, I won't be able to travel, you know what I mean?
the first few years
I was still young, I got to do everything while I'm young.
cheese.
All
Like
not
even
that
night he wouldn't he tie her out during the day because he was a kid?
that
sounds really intense.
jeez.
I mean did he understand that he needed sleep?
Like little
kids?
All
man, Having
No.
I mean it's interesting because uh my nephew, my sister doesn't live in texas, but when I visit I used my airline miles to go visit her and see my little nephew, but when I visit like all he does is sleep like he takes a huge nap. He knows when he's taking a nap time. I mean why he's like 15, 15, 16 months. But yeah, I mean he sleeps a lot and actually I visited him like after he was born, like the first tooth after the first two weekends. Like I wasn't there for his birth because I was like I don't I don't care about I want to see that. But then I was like ok, I'll go visit my nephew for the first time. Nice. Remember like the whole weekend, like all he did was sleep, He was a newborn. I was just like, this isn't really that exciting for me, He's just sleeping. Yeah,
but I mean hopefully years
uh sleeping well now. Mhm.
Do
you think
that I will tell
your house?
Do you think the melatonin comes? Mhm. I
mean,
jeez,
I'm
gonna go
buy
some
other time.
interesting. I have
I have another question.
So did you did you find the survey from prolific? Mhm. So
have you done a lot of prolific stuff? Because I started last maybe two months and in my spare time I've made like $200. Which for the amount of I think work I've done is actually a lot,
that's all that. I
mean
what
happened?
Man,
heads
up then. Yeah, I mean, I was surprised and I mean this is probably my highest paid survey gone. I think there's one, there's one that I get every single week and it's exactly like $5. But I mean it's long though, it's like a 30 minute like actual like questionnaire asked everything and this is pretty simple. So I was I was pretty surprised. I mean this is I'm actually surprised you that your your your video quality isn't is really good. Yeah.
I
have I have an old Lenovo too, so why 5, 16? Must be over seven years old, but it's one of my best laptops I've had, I had a cider Power laptop. Don't ever buy from cyber power dude, don't just like it was like it was a great deal to buy, but then once it broke, its like there were no replaceable parts, there's no customer support, like Lenovo and Dell laptop, I've had like, I've busted them up, I hadn't cracked and they have been fixed and there's always parts to replace them and stuff.
So
did you have you gotten a haircut during 14?
You know, because I cut my own hair and I was I was like, wow, it's actually pretty easy to do. I mean it's not like perfect, but I was like, this is actually not that hard to do and I mean it's good enough for current, but I think everyone else is cutting their hair too, so it's not, not
to
worry.
I
like a clean shape. I go like this like I don't know, it gets like patchy. I don't get any like here here. I get a lot of like, like hair here and it really really bothers me. I don't know like if you like, I'm sure you get a lot of like structure. It doesn't bother you.
But let me, let me make sure that we're not suspect. Like we don't have any questions. Uh Okay, when your conversation is completely, please wait at least five minutes, partner show uh
um Okay, we have 10 more 10 more minutes. It's good. Quickly.
Is
there anything
you wanted to talk about?
Since I'm the one asking
the questions. I
don't think it matters to me way it's being recorded, you know?
And
Do you do
any other survey websites?
You're
nothing like actual like you have to go in person though?
Jeez, that's a lot. I mean, you said a lot. Is it $10 worth of work that
Well,
I know this for five minutes. It's pretty good.
It's a website because I've gotten emails from user testing. I thought it was spam.
That's
good barney.
No.
so it's like back then. So it's like giving feedback. I don't
know, user
test things. I'm not I'm pretty sure I have an email from them. Like, right, Because I get emails from I don't know why, but
I
definitely get.
Are
you are you have to ask you a gamer because you have a legit like had
fun for
What
do you
need a microphone for the for the for the website you test?
that makes
friends.
I mean even then I still, I can still hear your son. Her leader. Uh
huh.
Yeah, I mean I actually have like real candy man. I don't even know why I bought. These are barely using. I love audio stuff and these I got I mean they were like 250. They're not worth it. They're not they're not what I mean the sound quality, the sound quality is off the charts amazing. Of course it's not. I don't think it's worth 200, but
I mean
she
was ever correct. I haven't heard that. And
man, that's like Windows like Windows hate.
You have a kid. I don't think you have time for,
man. I can't imagine how I'd like to take care of like a kid. I don't know. I'm not really to be a bag, but I mean I'm your age when you have a kid, you
just have one and then just just doing
up.
Now what
now you don't sleep for?
Yeah. I mean, did you balance it off with your wife? Because I mean always she has to
The power.
Dude,
you're
scaring.
I'm having kids. So I'm like 40 man.
Since the beginning, Since he was born like that.
man,
Mind
you just want to learn stay awake, Miss
out.
You
guys have a notion then before you guys took a doctor? That
Hello?
Even kids like that. Because I mean, I remember that I dated a girl like a year I was like two years ago and her niece was like 2.5 years old. She was like still like you know like like a baby but she wasn't talking yet and everyone was like freaking out because she was like 2.5. And like I wouldn't pay attention. She wouldn't listen. She kind of did her own thing. But she she didn't seem autism. I think they tested her and she wasn't autistic. But then so what they did is they just started
teaching her like sign language and stuff to communicate better. Yeah.
Like important
things or like just
interesting.
What do
you mean? Like he's just a picky eater or he just doesn't want to eat.
I am. Huh. No, I've heard I've heard of that before. Uh
I
mean I actually had an autistic friend growing up but he was just really weird socially like. Uh huh. Yeah. Sorry I got a notification on my computer. Uh It's actually prolific notification. I get notifications when there's new studies but doesn't matter
because I love it. It's like you you literally just said from your computer. I mean I'm I'm on a computer all the time anyway. It's like it's like I mean some of them are are long ago and I'm I mean it's cool. I mean I do a lot with extra money. He's gonna refuse extra money. Yeah
hasn't
25 minutes. Sorry let me.
Right. Do I support you? Okay.
my gosh I thought I closed. Oh
it's exactly 26 minutes. Right so okay so We can you can keep the conversation at least 25 minutes friendly. Do not move until the extension of the conversation. Wait so can we close the tab now?
Are we supposed to click the tab? Let me no, it's good. Let me see. Okay. Wait, I'm not I think we're supposed to leave it open while we answer these things. No issues. Equality was good.
Uh What's the conversation overall? Amazing. I didn't even get your name, but it was solid. Go 1st. Is this open video?
I'm
scared to close it because I've had like surveys go bad before.
Overall. Uh Oh
man, I drink coffee today. I'm super wired. Don't normally drink coffee
I'm
not
because
I
mean really, I'm really sensitive to caffeine. I was really tired. I don't know why. I mean it starts to get really hot in texas, so.
Yeah. Yeah. But the thing that Louisiana is that super super huggy there. It's like a I remember being in new Orleans and just being like, I feel like I'm breathing lava
from texas, it's like drying dryer.
I mean that's what I was talking my friend today, I was like man, I want to go to Asia so badly like because
uh what we're doing korean food is really good. They just opened up some, I'm not korean but they opened up some korean restaurants around here and there like korean barbecue which has become really really popular here.
What what is it like?
It's
like your
strength now they're preparing you for?
yeah, because it's called the huge city, What's the population? I know it's super metric urban.
I heard your pants like that. I mean I've never been to Asia but my friends who have had two friends go to Japan Tokyo and it was just like the photos they like they had posted. I was just like, wow, seems
really like
and it's clean. That's the one thing that I don't know if you went to Japan to, but
I'll
just
make
And
that's
How
long were you in a career before?
it's a really long time man. You must have eaten so much great barbecue.
Was it, was it expensive? Is it expensive there? It's
pretty expensive
here
Because here I think the cheapest places, $25, it's all you can eat, but it's $25, which
is like, you know, pretty. I mean it's more than like going to like, you know, olive garden or anything. Yeah,
cheese
pizza
man.
I had, I had papa, john's on sunday and I love pizza so much. Uh
Do
they just
wanted, they just wanted to stay there or they just still stay
seriously?
They just wanted to stay. But isn't it so different though? I mean it's so different
from America, you know what I mean?
Thanks.
you
were in, you were in Seoul
I have it.
I think that's all, to be honest, No soul. And uh gosh,
I saw this movie
on netflix. Yeah, trained
Bruce, trying to boost on.
Have you seen that movie?
It's pretty funny. I mean, it's like a zombie. I mean it's not supposed to, I mean,
I don't know if it's supposed to be funny, but it's a pretty good movie if you like zombie movies. So
I'm completing the survey. I don't know if
This is very interesting. I mean, this is definitely the most different survey I'm done.
I actually didn't think there. I thought they were going to like make you take a survey and not not actually. Have you talked to someone?
I mean, I think in the I was reading the prompt yesterday if I remember correctly said that there might be questions, but there weren't. I need to type up this thing so I think we can close this video. I really hope it's Do you think it's like I should really get open until the end of the
All right.
All
You have to have a good day and stay safe. Are
you
all right? Peace?