this is test test just, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Right now. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh. Right. I'm sorry. I'm very glad to see that exposure. Mhm. What is this? Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. This is awesome. There's something about having somebody. Yeah. Mhm. Coming. Yeah. Okay. We just got back from the president. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Hey,
morning, how are you?
And thank you?
That's
Oh yeah. Where you at? But
what area?
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's about nine. I'm on the east coast over here, so about in north Carolina. So
Are you up in the mountains or you down in phoenix or southern
part?
Yeah,
I was a pilot. I'm retired and I used to fly through phoenix a lot, so. Yeah.
Yeah, of course with the virus and all that's just cut down a lot of traffic on the air airlines. Uh
it's
bad, it's bad, you know, like half the guys are gonna lose their job if this keeps going on, which
is
you know, they're talking like 30,000 airline
people being laid off with all the airlines. No, so not
too good. So
has the virus, has it affected you a lot? Are you still able to work or whatever?
Yeah.
Are you are you uh teaching foreign students or local or wherever?
I mean
do you enjoy it teaching them?
Oh that would be hard remotely, I would think.
Well, I think in long term, once it's structured and you may already be to that point that it really provides a lot of advantages because you're not, you know,
you're not distracted by the classroom environment or whatever is going on outside, that you can really focus on learning, I don't know, So
That
although
I just got my drone license I guess pretty soon we'll just stay at home and fly the planes around remotely. What do you think?
that's
yeah, exactly, that's probably put me out of a business like uh like train operators on the subways, you know? But
who knows
about 40 years, a long time, so,
mostly
the last 10 years I flew mainly to the caribbean like Costa rica. Uh you know that was
one of my favorite runs uh
occasionally other places a few times to europe, but not very often,
so yeah.
this how did you enjoy it? I wondered about living down there.
yeah, when I stayed there, a lot of in in the airports are not really a good gauge because everybody speaks english but how about out in the out in the countryside is english spoken or is it really just spanish?
that's that's uh I have to laugh. Uh my son called me up one time we wanted to go to brazil, brazil and
it's neat, we really enjoyed it and so I asked them my flying buddies that were flying regularly down there, I said hey uh can you get around is everybody speak english? You know is it any problem there? Oh no no no problem, everybody plenty of english. You won't have any problem with the language because you know Portuguese is sort of a unique language
lot of ways so I thought great that's one less thing to worry about. So we'll land in uh rio de janeiro and we take a cab downtown and we get down there and we go in a couple of hotels, finally find where we're gonna stay because we just did this on the spur of the moment, which was really fun. And uh but from that point on after the clerk until we left, nobody spoke english. It was hilarious. Uh you know, you go in the restaurants, they didn't even have the menus with, you know,
most horn countries where there was a lot of tourism, the english is always on the menu pretty
much,
you
know. Yeah. Oh
yeah, they did.
But it was, I mean a few the waiters with a few and talk, but I mean we basically had the panna mine or point it, you know, what, what do I want to eat? Whatever we did meet some interesting teaches people on the beaches. Like we met, remember we met a man from Britain, a british guy and uh, he had the same experience. He goes, yeah, I was telling us, what did he probably, I had run into anybody that speaks english. We just laughed. It was like, yeah, we're out here on our own, but it's a beautiful country like to see. So, you
know,
I mean I came in off a trip and because of the pilot, we could travel inexpensively and he was, once, he graduated college, he couldn't, of course fly free anymore. So he was trying to jam in every possible place he could go before uh, his benefits ran out. And uh, so I come in off a trip, he calls it was what you doing here for the next few days? And he's in Atlanta. I'm up near charlotte and he goes, hey, you want to go to brazil? It's like,
well sure. He goes, okay, uh Mom is gonna bring your bag to the airport. You know,
with your suitcase.
I'm flying, I'm getting on the plane in an hour, I'll meet you. You know, I'll meet you here in two hours at charlotte. So that's what we did and flew down there all night and you know, of
course we, we thought,
we'll
get a hotel on the internet or whatever it was. And it turned out all the woods we were gonna get were full.
So we just wandered, is that hey, and we found the greatest little right off the beach, the greatest little room, You
know, in a little off this, you know, just a couple of, you know, small hotel. It was really great. So, and
you know, when you travel, you don't
spend a lot of time in the room or at least we don't ever were out doing something.
No
that's
that's right so
he loves you know he's my kids have always traveled all over you know because of our environment so
so
it was fun. Yeah. So how did you my sisters in the language teaching she teaches
my mind uh mainly chinese uh as it turns out in whatever she does I don't know a lot about it other than she does it every day. Uh So how did you get into it? We're just looking for something to do or what?
Of course
I
I don't
I don't know who she teaches actually I just know it's chinese individuals assumed it was kids but it probably could it probably isn't it's probably adults, I mean you know I'll have to ask her actually.
Yeah,
interesting.
Yeah. After she told me what she was doing um I was wondering because I thought you know retired, I'm looking for something you can do part time so that was interesting. So you enjoy the work pretty much or?
sounds interesting.
Well and
you
can do it from anywhere so
because
and we talked about relocating to like Costa rica for retirement
because
there's so much
it's less expensive I guess
it
seems
what I read now. I'm sure it's I know Costa rica when I first started flying there was really interesting and nice but in the last 5 to 10 years it's really become a lot more Americanized I guess is the way to put it. It's like okay, they're ruining it in one sense, which
is both good and bad. So what was your impressions of living there? Were you planning on coming back if you didn't have health problems or did you get tired of being there or what was your experience?
Yeah. I like that attitude in a lot of ways though
because you know everybody, you know, one thing I hope this virus would teach people is not to be so rushed, but
I'm afraid they're just going to go back to the same old stuff once we get past this, who knows? You
know,
I hope
not. But
Well I think they'll get, but I think they're going to get, you know, even now you don't see it. But I tracked the death rate is what I look at, not the case rate and that's
way,
way down
and
getting
less. In fact, I read something a couple of nights ago That if you're less than 40 years old, the death rate from COVID now is less than the flu rate. In other words, if you're 40 or less, your chance of dying of the flu is greater
then Covid now And if you're up to 80, it's about the same because the treatments, I've learned how to deal with it better. I think the president is probably the example is, you know, they have a whole different treatment regimen. So
yeah, I mean, who knows if that worked or opinion, he was just in good health at all. But uh,
you know, I think, I think you're gonna see that. And also there's an interesting if you read history about the bombings in London, you remember uh, in World War Two, they bombed one and at first people were scared and hid in the basements and all that. You know, the shelters and then six months later or towards the end of it, people just would barely pay any attention to the alarms and go about their business because they became uh, adjusted to it. And uh, I think that's what's going to happen here. We're just going to go back to going about our business because we have to live. And
finally, you just say, you know, if it gets me, it gets me. That's what the bombing thing was. You know, it was seemed random. It couldn't really be predicted. And I think there's a lot of parallels to what we're seeing here with Covid. And so you even see it now, people are beginning to say the heck with it. I'm going to go back to work, I'm gonna go to school, Yeah, I'm gonna have football, which, you know, whatever. Uh, now I think we're doing it in a little different way. People, you know, they make a big deal about mask, whether you have to wear a mask or not. I think most people actually wear masks except very extreme people, uh,
you know, some make it a principle, but most people, even if they don't think you should be forced to wear a mask, actually wear masks. I mean when I go out to walmart or wherever everybody is wearing a mask, there's nobody going, I'm not wearing a mask, you know what I'm saying? So
me
what?
I mean, they make it into a political thing, whether
I
have
to wear them, I think it's an issue americans don't like being told they have to do something. And I think that's what the issue is. It's not that if you educate most americans, you know, no matter what the economic level are smart enough to go, hey, I need to wear a mask because that's what helps.
Or
help
other people. Yeah.
And and so because of that, I think they overblow this whole issue. But anyway, that's just my opinion. What about you? Were I think in another year they'll have the vaccine and we'll be getting Quebec whatever the new normal is. But this morning I read that a lot of the people don't want to go back to work full time that are working remotely. And the companies are like, well why would we have all these big buildings when people don't mind working at a and we're actually getting work done.
I think we're by this time next year, things will be fairly back to normal because, you know, the vaccine will be widely distributed and you know, but it it is uh if you look at the research papers, Covid is really just a very uh more deadly form of the common cold at its core. Covid They say it's COVID 19. It's basically a cold virus. It's
lot.
Yeah. If you look at the research at the core structure, it's basically a cold virus. That's why it's called COVID-19 because it's the 19th
variant
of this kind of stuff. So. Yeah.
I don't know. We'll just see where it goes. But anyway,
I think this has accelerated our societal change too. Uh like remote remote activities and a different structure that was gonna happen anyway. This is just forced it to happen a lot quicker, you know, as far as how people work and live and all, so
that's
And and that's another thing people, I was, the article I was reading this morning about work is it was about the impact that would have on auto makers because their employees, people are going to drive to work every day. So there's gonna be less need for cars, which is better for the environment, you know, and less expensive for everybody. But if you're making cars it's slow, it reduces the number of cars you're gonna have. So,
yeah, it changes that formula and how to, you know, so as you, because like, we don't drive as much as we used to,
I
mean,
you know? No. So anyway,
so who knows? I don't
know where they,
I know it's hard to see where, you know, where it's going. Have you read anything about? It's interesting though, America goes through phases at least. There's some of the academics say that this is on the fourth. Uh, there was a book called the 4th Turning. Have you ever read that or heard of
it?
Well, you know, like there was the civil war which disrupted the country and change the direction the depression and uh, I guess a couple other events, uh, well, the revolution, the original revolution, uh, and how every over buried of about 40. Uh, I don't know if I forgot now. I hadn't read it a long time. About 70 years, 50-70 years. The country goes through about every generation. The country goes through a transition to something new And they had predicted this book was written more than 10 years ago that we would have these crisis, of, of conflict and you know, based on history and the, and you know, whatever. And so it's interesting. It's like the covid triggered that or in intensified it, you know, this process of, of America, you know, determining while they're going to be in the next Whatever 2030, 40, 50 years. So it's interesting where
we're
at.
it's called the 4th turning I think that's what it's called. Um
It's
something turning, I'm pretty sure it's the fourth turning uh
fairly
it's fairly
famous. It was I think a new york times bestseller years ago. So I mean, you know, uh economics and you know that kind of thing. But you know, and I don't, you know, it seems interesting. Uh And the interesting part is we do seem to be seeing what they talked about. You know, it was written 10 or 15 years ago. So
And they didn't talk about COVID because like I said has written 15, 10 or 15 years ago. But they were saying, they're basically saying, Look, if you look at history, this is what's coming next down the road. Uh
But it's been a long time since I read it. I just thought it was an interesting but
fair.
Well, you'd have to be some concerned. I think it's like every human invention, humans have an incredible capacity to do good, but also evil. And so we're gonna end up just like everything else in life. Uh You know, whether it's atomic power or whether it's bombs or guns or whatever the electricity. I mean, they use it for good and then they, you know, it can kill you. Uh you know, they have used it for the death penalty at some point. I mean, you know, uh So I mean, man has ability to, so I think a i is both good and dangerous and I think in the short term you'll find it somewhat frustrating because you already exposed to it now some like auto correct for your phone that will call your texting and you're liable to send some stupid text because it auto
corrects
your, you know, so I think the transition will be interesting and uh, you know, the question, what concerns me is the issues having to do with uh the power it gives people or governments or whatever over other people. You know, extending the ability. I mean, what, which we basically are there now is a fully monitored society. And one of the issues is, you know, we have all these rules that you're supposed to go by laws and the reality is nobody can live by the laws. In other words, everybody is a violator. Yeah. To some degree. Well, what happens when everything about you is monitored? So any violation results in a punishment in theory, right? Or a
penalty? I don't think people are gonna wanna, you know, I don't think people going to accept that well, and how it transitions is a question. I mean, you know, the typical thing you're driving down the interstate, How many people go by the rules? Exactly. You know? Yeah, they all speed right to certain degree. Well, when they're monitoring your car
and
you know, it's like the stoplights, The photo stoplights. Did did they ever do that out there?
No,
in Arizona,
They implemented it here in the Carolinas and about three months later they outlawed it
because
people, you know, because like people, you know, it was implemented to stop accidents, but they found out it didn't affect that. And basically all it did was create people, uh people, you know, my wife just got up uh
the uh uh let's see what I said. Oh yeah,
well
because all it really was doing was creating revenue for the state. You know, people are getting violations. Uh and they didn't go before judge. You just got, hey you violate, you know, you were photographed in the intersection, here's your ticket,
you
know?
the people here just said, hey we're not having that. You know, you know, this isn't this isn't what we want. So I think with the ai and all will be, you know how that
plays
out. It's gonna be interesting. So I mean what do you see happening with it?
I
don't
either.
that's
so true. So true. Take it as it goes So,
Well I've got to go fix breakfast, my lovely bride here because that's
usually
what I
do in the morning and uh she's
she's going I'm hungry, that's what really wanted to eat her do this earlier so you know I can do that when she woke up. So
So I hope you have a great day and
enjoy
your time
with your students
or
Good talking with
you. Uh
huh. Bye bye.