Didn't
hi, I'm good, how are you today?
It's a little dark in my room so I apologize
for that, it's early in the morning here
I'm
I am in Arizona um
yeah it's about six. a.m. here. It's not too early but it's still dark.
North Carolina cool. Yeah.
I'm just outside
of phoenix. Yeah.
Yeah
we have that big airport here. Yeah.
definitely. Um Yeah I had I take lift or Uber every now and then and I had an yeah an Uber driver who was a pilot and he was saying that he hasn't been able to really fly. Um Yeah it's it's
terrible.
No
no I know.
30
not
too good.
I have been lucky I'm able to work from home. Um I teach english online so I it's very much been um
a blessing for, I mean it hasn't affected me so I'm very grateful you know I've been I was working from home before it started, I'm still working from home, but I know that a lot of my students have had their lives affected and yeah, so
little bit of goals um yeah, they can be anywhere in the world, they sign up with this teaching platform and I have students in brazil Russia, uh huh, just random to Poland or
some,
I I do, I have a lot of fun. Um I get to meet interesting people, everybody has a story and yeah, and most of them already have some foundation of english, it's rare, I meet a beginner, beginner, so
it is, but you get used to it and I think, I think people are starting to get used to online learning more because we have to, you know.
definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I think so, and even for work, I think people have started to realize that it's not really necessary to go into a location for, well for your work, being a pilot, you have to show up, but
you know, don't
get real not.
possibly or the planes will fly themselves, who
knows?
so this
I'm very, how long were you a pilot for? That's really interesting,
And did you do domestic flights or did you fly
internationally?
Very
Yeah.
Bye.
I lived in Costa rica for about a year and
Oh, it was nice. Um I came back right before Covid started and I think it would be a little bit harder being in a a foreign country, any foreign country, you know, with all the restrictions going on. But Costa rica is a lovely country, lovely people. It's beautiful. You know, it's just, yeah, it was pretty cool. I enjoyed my time there.
but not really I mean and if you were probably like in in san Jose and all the Hawala in that area yeah that's where I mainly lived so um I was always there were so many americans there you know or people that spoke english if they work from America but I I would assume if you go to the more rural parts like the times I did go there you won't find people who speak english yeah
brazil I want to go there one day yeah
It is yeah
In
and
you were
in
so you would think they get a lot of tourists so
so
it sounds
like you all had a good attitude about it though you know? Yeah.
But
my
are you serious?
what
well the
truth?
Oh my god. Okay.
Nine.
Who was
for?
I don't believe in spending a lot of money on hotel
rooms because hopefully you're not there you're. Yeah exactly
like you said
what what an adventure though. He just said okay dad I'm gonna be there in an hour.
Yeah. Yeah you have a unique
opportunity.
she is.
Yeah I had worked for the state for a long time and I decided that I wanted to live abroad. I had never experienced life in a foreign country. All I knew was the U. S. So yeah and I had met uh one of my neighbors at the time was actually
telling me she was a retired teacher but she was retiring to Costa rica to teach english. So I started looking up Costa rica and I was like yeah and if I don't do this now I'm never gonna do it you know? So I got the teaching this certificate to teach down there and that's how I started and then I started having some health problems. I had to come back to the United States but I just continued teaching because I had already had a group of students I was working with and yeah. Um I don't teach many kids though. It sounds like your your sister
probably
just.
it could be it's probably kids. A lot of the schools that the students are located in china or for younger younger learners. Um Yeah I don't have too many. I don't teach Children. I have a couple of teenagers and mainly adults. Yeah. Yeah it would be fun to teach kids but I think you'd be a challenge to uh
it's easier in person but on the computer to keep them entertained
and and yeah their attention spans are so short.
I really do. But don't get me wrong there are times you know because I have to create my own lesson plans and you know all of that so it can be time consuming but once you get into your routine it's it's a lot of fun. Yeah. Um If you look up getting a tactful certificate and teach english as a foreign language. Yeah there's different programs um They can get quite expensive but you really don't have to spend a lot of money to get the certificate. Just when you go to apply at a school. They want to know that you have that certificate. Yeah
but but it's fun. Yeah and especially if you're retired you can make your own schedule and
do
that
and you can do it from anywhere. Exactly
as long as you have the internet. You're good to go.
Good.
I
think
it
it
is.
that's
no I had planned on staying you know I was just going to give it a go and try it. Um But You're you're absolutely right I think like 20 years ago and 10 years ago Costa Rica was probably different. That's what I heard from the people that had moved you know a long time ago the prices kept increasing you know and it became more Americanized. But uh I think it can be done. I mean I think you would still you have to get used to things are not as convenient there though. The United States, we're used to we can get everything all the time. Things are always open and they'd like to take it, they're changing. But they like to take things slow. You know, they say that pura vida and
even.
I know right.
I
don't know.
I absolutely
agree with you though. We we are too rushed and it's taught us Costa rica taught me to take things slower. But yes, but this covid kind of everybody was forced to kind of slow down. So yeah. Well, what do you predict happening in the next year or so, as far as this virus goes, none of us really know.
death
rate,
it's
going
down,
We do,
That drug and everything that they
yeah.
can't stay holed up forever.
that's him.
Yeah. We've
been
here in Arizona same thing. We have to wear masks in our city. But yeah, everybody every great now and then I'll see somebody or have encountered people that have a problem with it. But the majority of people are,
I know. Which is
so
silly.
I don't want to get sick. Yeah. I don't want to get
other
people
Exactly.
That's what I mean. I think it gave people the opportunity to learn that, you know, you don't need, like why are you gonna pay for this office building, the overhead, all of the employees that are not necessary, You know? And you're right, they should prove like okay, people can do it from home. So I don't know. I think things will change. I know it's a matter of time before there's a vaccine. So we'll see.
I hadn't heard
that.
There's
19.
Um But we'll see. Yeah.
I
Yeah. And there were positives to it. You know, I mean there have been um they said the environment was doing better for a while without all these cars and
stuff going around. Yeah.
what happens to jobs?
Right. I don't think anybody
does. You don't
have
It will be interesting.
2020
has been a crazy year, that's for
No,
no, it's not about.
You
said
this book is called the 4th turning and I'm gonna write that down.
so look it
up.
Okay, I could probably
find it if I google
it, Yeah.
So if it wasn't covid they're saying it might have been something else, but this is just the natural progression of things,
interesting.
no it sounds like but yeah, yeah,
I do wonder what the future holds in terms of like automation and all of this artificial intelligence. Do you are you concerned at all about that, I mean?
like I
didn't see that,
right,
There
will be able
Oh where Costa rica
and there's
Arizona Oh yeah yeah. You see that all the time. Yeah.
Why
did,
did Ok Yeah
so you're talking about it was outlawed after
only three months.
Yeah I've
gotten
those tickets before. It's frustrating. Yeah but
some
hiccups.
No I like what you said that it's not a good or evil, it's how we use it and there's the potential for evil or there's a potential for a lot of good. Um I don't know I know that we do live in a surveillance state. Um I don't know if there's any stopping that though. Um Well see I am concerned about the loss of jobs though. But you know, humans adapt so we're going to have to find ways, you know, we'll have more time to do other things and find ways to adapt. It could be good. It could be bad, but I don't know.
Yeah, there's a
lot
a lot of important things going on in the world. You know, it's like what? You can't worry too much though. That's what
I think
like the day by day. Right? Yeah.
It sounds
like
she's
very nice.
Get going with your day. Yeah.
You
two
very
talking with
you. Okay
here,
enjoy