when it's terrible. That's
hi, can you hear me? All right, how are you doing this evening or afternoon? Uh huh. You are. Uh huh. So
are we to have a specific topic that we're supposed to chat
about or serving our
behavior?
I didn't either but I was running a little late with technical uh difficulty share.
Yeah, I think my security settings
were
a little too high. Um So how you holding up in this age of plague? Mhm.
man, wow. Is that because they had symptoms like specific elevated flu symptoms kind of thing?
Uh huh. Well that's good. At least you know, at least they have access to to a test, a couple
of friends and myself included to add like some symptoms. And this was weeks ago that we didn't have any chance to get a test. Well, fingers crossed her that she's okay. Uh huh.
man that sounds kind of um kind of sounds kind of sketchy and scary, I gotta say I actually
Oh wow. Oh so so because you guys have been in contact you have to go into isolation to or or
just such
as
she
did.
Oh wow, that's crazy, that would be, that would be a superb owner. Um I mean but you gotta do what you gotta
do, I I actually I stepped on a um like a nail, like I'm sorry about this lighting, I've got
kind of
a yankee set up here and I know the window behind me is messing things up. Um uh
So I stuck on a nail, it went like an inch and a quarter into my foot, I was hoping my buddy built a fence and a gate and stuff and we had his his daughter's boyfriend helping us and he doesn't really know about job site safety, like not to leave the sticks with
the nails. Um
Yeah
so I then decided I really didn't want to go to the emergency room, you know, I thought back
exactly what my last tetanus shot was, but I was like okay what's the risk? And he lives in the next county over and they had just had a like a spike of cases and so I know a lot of people have been through the hospital and it was weird.
I used to work as a as a medic who used to work in an er as an architect to not go to the er for something that I know that I should, you know? But yeah, it's just way different right now different. So so you're not at like you don't have to be at home right now, you guys weren't like sent home from school, Sounds like your school, is it?
All
so you have your you have your own apartment. You're not like in a in a dorm with like lots of people close by
kind of thing. Yeah, that's that's good. It's yeah, that's that would be a little a little sketchy. I thought most of the places shut down. I mean, I think you got disconnected. I can still hear you though. Um
Yeah, I mean, I'm in a college town like where? Um Yeah, everything
just got shut down. We have, you know, three well to schools like right in the in the same town where I'm closest to and it's it's just like a, you know, turned into an instant ghost town. It was a huge rush. And like everybody from from like the city areas came and bought out all our stores and then took their students on. So
it was a
double
impact. No, it's you
know,
lot quieter.
I know. It's it's really weird that that some people are just not only not taking this very seriously um butter like sort of aggressively not doing so like it just doesn't resonate that it's not about because they're healthy, doesn't mean other people
won't
get
because
of them.
You
know? I've noticed that
too.
I
wonder
if the attitude
is like
uh we made it this far, you know?
Uh huh. Mhm. I don't know. It's a real it's a real mixed bag with people's reactions. I mean I went I started wearing a mask like the week before they said you should start wearing a mask because I had some lying around my shop and and we just didn't have like very much information and then like, you know, and I got laughed at for wearing a mask by some, you know, this particular Karen at the grocery store. And uh and then like a week later then I was like home for a week and then I had to go and go shopping again and I went out and everybody was wearing a mask. And uh and this other lady like her same same demographic was like oh where can you get masks now? Mhm.
Yeah, I mean it's it's funny, but it's not funny. It's uh
So are the are the homeless people handing out? I mean the homeless people wearing masks generally?
Yeah, they did that in in in our town to we don't we don't have a like a super high homeless population. But um but like the they were they were saying like the food banks were giving them out and stuff and and toilet paper
and stuff
too.
Yeah. That's that's really cool. Yeah. I feel like some of them have more sense than some of you know, are more entitled neighbors over here who are refusing our masks. It really is a shame. But I don't know. It's it's uh Yes. Yeah. I feel like this is this is kind of a big marker in history, you know, everything to look back on it, you know, in retrospect, once we figure this stuff all out
like.
Yeah, I know exactly that that is very scary and that's like when the like the second wave of the virus is supposed to, you know, happen. So
I
don't know, we just need to get, you know, other countries have their stuff together to where they can either vote by mail or have online. Not there are a couple countries don't like we should be able to have male, you know mail in ballots for everybody by now. You would think be great if we could, you know, step it up and do a little more technologically. But we're a little behind the curve on that. But that's, that's really important. So I'm hoping they get that figured out.
Like everything NFL being canceled. Okay. I can, I can live with that. You know, the olympics being postponed. All right. You know, it's just sports, right? The election is being canceled. That that would be a yeah,
that would be
problem.
I
know.
Yeah. Yeah. Like let's let the postal service go out of business and then we couldn't nearby, you know, vote by mail anyway. I don't know. I know that I've been talking with it with a couple of friends. It seems like every single
conversation is, revolves around, um, you know, around coronavirus or around politics. You know, it's hard for
for not too, especially if we're, you know, sitting at home a lot. You know, I've been doing more of these studies, you know, my down time and I noticed that a lot of them are our Covid. Really did.
I
have a feeling that's why they didn't give us a topic. They're trying to say, okay, how many people are just naturally going to talk about coronavirus? Pretty
much the main, you know, impact on all of our lives right now. Yeah. Oh,
We can't gather to protest. You know, I mean, unless you really want to be be dumb and you would think that your teachers are smart enough not to do that. Your professional educators, you know? Yeah. That's, that's a well, I don't know, the they apparently have a lot more um like my, you know my friends kids, I have been doing like learning coaching for her, she's in ninth grade and she was an online school this year
anyway, you know, because she was just having trouble with a traditional school and now all the other schools had to scramble to get their online program going, so she was lucky, she had kind of a head start.
No,
but it's the
right, yeah. And how is that actually going to be implemented? And Yeah, I heard
that a
lot from
around
here too. Yeah and they had like no no like plan to to implement anything, you know, it's all like everybody just use zoom or whatever,
you figure it out. Yeah,
lots of
lots of google docs. I don't know, they have this like this whole system set up for this online high school that she that she goes to. This. I mean the the UI isn't great but it's actually pretty comprehensive as far as tracking and following assignments and stuff like that you know? I don't know. We'll have to catch up. That's gonna be it's gonna be a pretty big big change to
oh yeah wow house. Like how is that going? How they how has that affected like your course load and you're like your
ability to
do classes?
so you're not really going to have a G. P. A. At the at the end of the
semester.
That's that's
so weird.
I think some of them would be really stoked
because they only have to bump it up a little bit you know like if they were just trying to get a D. Before and that would have been on their transcript you know or whatever. See mine is just just a basic past not just as pass fail and you know. Uh huh. I mean I don't know it gives your it's
not
like
looking at your
G.
P. A.
Oh yeah right there's that too. I didn't even think about that the honor system. Good luck with that unfortunately. Yeah they really need like um. Uh huh. Especially your guys level I mean at at my little nieces level it's there you know the stuff we're learning they need to look up stuff on online a lot. And the tests are just sort of yeah I don't know they're only they're
only doing detriment to themselves if they if they cheat and you know the pressure is not that
high in the grade
yet.
Yeah. Yeah.
Heard tweeted.
Yeah. Right. Oh man.
there's
like
Two
like like
he wasn't
able to track
it on, he was able to track it on the site. Like how many people lift it up? That's kind of interesting and smart. Uh Imagine it's gonna have to be all sorts of stuff like that. Like there's a couple of certifications that I that I used to do that. It's
really uh that you have to do a person and there's just no way to do the online to to move it online. You know, there's like practical skills that have to be um demonstrate it like that
and
they just have no idea how they're gonna, how they're going to. Just,
I
mean,
I
guess
we just
have
to wait.
yeah. Art
wow. Yeah.
R.
R. D.
M.
V. Is
is
shut
down. That's that's really funny. I guess there I guess ours is I was just looking at this um like last week or so because I need to switch my license from one state to another. I've been you know in the state for a while, I sort of put it off and then I was like oh I I really got to get this done uh and you can't do it online because it's a it's a state transfer for some reason, like I don't I don't know why it's it's easier in California, which is where I'm moving from then then here. But yeah, yeah there's just so much stuff on hold and I don't think we're ready to like really reopen stuff yet either. Mhm. I'll
tell you, go
ahead.
Yeah, that's such a bugger
man, that's such a bummer.
there
really isn't.
Yeah, I suppose so. But that's a that's a huge switch to man. It's interesting hearing all these, you know, sort of different ramifications. And I thought about there's there's just been so many of them in the news. I've had to like sort of dial down the the news consumption because I can get a little too far into it. I'll tell you another thing that's been weird is um like I just started seeing somebody um online
but we can't like actually hang out. Like we met up luckily like kinda out out towards the country. So we met up, you know, with outside six ft baskets and gloves. She's she's got serious like protocol going also by my medical
background.
Makes me do
it
but
she takes care of her family. So you know, it's like we really we've been talking for weeks, you know like face timing and stuff and uh okay we have to kind of have to meet it at some point, right? So here's here's the rules before going to follow the, you know, the Fauci protocol. Uh Yeah, it's that's all of all of life is being affected in such such strange ways. I'm pretty fascinated by it from a sociological standpoint and and pretty terrified of it from a, you know, kind of medical and social standpoint. Yeah. Yeah.
Anyway. Um
So are we are we supposed to go for a certain amount of time? Like
the
just
something pop
up? Oh, I've got it still up in the other, and then I think I said 25 minutes to uh cannot wait for 10 minutes. We're not straight away, you know, do not move on to the next page. Um Yeah, use the timer.
I don't see that on my screen, but you're you're still dark, I can only hear you. Are you able to still see me? Oh, okay.
Well
Okay. All right. So we need to go for a little bit longer. I didn't, I didn't start later. Um
I don't,
I don't see the timer
and maybe this is part, I'm always trying to figure out like is this part of the study or the, you know the experiment? I don't
have
I can't see you. You know, they like to manipulate you sometimes to get to get results. But when you, when you speak there's like a, like a green ball
that's
sort
of
like
interesting interface. Yeah. Shoot. So are like
are you just looking forward to finish it up and going home or are you going to like stay, stay
where you
are for you to
continue
sheltering?
Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I guess I've been, I've been like really lucky that most of the work I've been doing lately. I can I can continue to do it. It's definitely been a hit. But you know I'm able to keep going. Oh
I'm pretty thankful for that. I got
to say on a pretty daily basis and also just living out like more in the country, being able to go out into my yard and um you know like our little like state parks and local parks and stuff for, especially
a few weeks ago when the weather started getting nice just packed. You know like everyone just wanted to be outside out of their apartment out of there. Like it's the end of winter anyway here and then there's you know pretty significant winter on this coast and uh it was just it was just kind of nutty and they're still doing it but at least there you know
sort of angling away but you know you can't really like on on the trails and stuff. Uh huh
still still going out there? Yeah. Right protesting mm. Oh man I don't know
I I feel like um it's a little little Darwin isn't going on or Darwin awards, maybe it's you know if you want to go out and not take any precaution and get sick that's on you but if only it would only affect those sort of more
arrogant ignorant people and it doesn't unfortunately.
What?
Yeah. Right. Yeah no exactly no I hear you, that's right, it's definitely a serious issue you know this whole like for this this last round of of politicians I was really interested in um Andrew Andrew Yang and and his whole uh universal basic
income idea
you know like
and
like
everyone's like oh no that's that's too that's too socialist, that's you know that's that's a ridiculous idea. We're not we're not ready for that, this is America and then two months later it's like where's my cheque? Where's my where's my check from the government?
I I heard that.
it would apply to
your parents.
right,
that is kind of a bummer. Yeah I haven't gotten mine yet and I haven't really tracked it down. I have a feeling if if something got sent out probably what's my old address and you know we don't celebrate, I'll never get it but in the meantime I'll just try and stay at home work outside a little bit, step on nails, not going to the hospital, do these two these studies. And then I think after this I'm going to uh like an online um dance with my crush
like this local this local like bar and in place that usually has a lot of music is doing, you know, like a friend of ourselves it and they're doing like live DJs, right?
Only, you know, like live streaming it or something. There's
been, I don't
know,
there's been some really great music, you know, on, on instant live streaming and Youtube and stuff. I got to say there's been some pretty good nights of music where you know, it's been, it's been a real treat. But so, you know, try from the local business to it's mostly been like uh quest love from the roots is just like this, you know, he's got so much musical knowledge, gets all these people coming in on the chat, like who actually produced the album that he's spinning and well, like tell a story about it and stuff. Yeah, it's been it's been pretty neat. It's like keep trying to find the the good parts of of what
this is all doing to us, you know? Yeah. Kind of hard to find most days. But there are some through
definitely
starting uh Well,
are we are very close to our 25 minutes there?
Well, is there anything else you feel like talking about?
I have a feeling like I don't know how many of these that they did, but I'd have to imagine that like a good part of the um of the amount of talk is going to be regarded regarding the
virus and and
all that stuff
they
tried
to know.
Yeah. Yeah. Seriously. And and one, you know in one way or another we're yeah, all able to relate to that um despite being totally random. Well.
Like really
unnecessary
Yeah. No, I know it's, I saw a guy at the, like I'm doing some grocery shopping for my friend's parents. You know, they're they're the longer they have some um some underlying health issues. So you know, I'll gear up in every week, I'll get them big load of stuff. And then for my mother also, and there was a guy, you know, at the store, it was whole foods that that day and he's just down there like with five bottles of wine and some bread and like a couple other little things in the line. Like the checkout line got really long and I swear he just came out because he was like hell lonely. And he just wanted to talk like he just wanted to talk to somebody, anybody in first until you're talking about masks. You know, we're talking about how the spread and the heat map in in our county and the weather and look at the guy wearing the like the full rain suit with bags and rubber bands over his shoes
and he had
shower
cap
underneath and he had Rubbermaid gloves and he was carrying around simple green, I shit you not spray bottle with it, okay. Or the whole like the whole, you know, apocalypse
get up and what's even crazier is he wasn't the only guy I saw that day with that get up. There were two of them.
So
I I felt bad laughing at me because I was, you know, like maybe he's even more ahead of the curve than me as far as the PP and stuff. You know, maybe that's we're all going to be wearing next week. But I found out later that that I think that they work for a grocery shopping outfit and like it's a local one and their advertising, you know, that they have all this full, full coverage garments and stuff and they had a picture of somebody that's just kind of similarly. So I think that's their answer to not being able to get like the regular, you know, Tyvek suits or whatever that you would, you would use. I felt, I felt a little bad laughing at him after a minute. It was just so it just took me off guard man was was nuts. Uh
Yeah,
uh huh. Well, it'll be interesting if, if, I mean, I don't know if this is one of those ones that you can sort of follow up after on, I try to do like one I'm interested in and then like when they come out with with the whatever summary, sometimes I'll go back and try and figure out what they were after. This one's got me, you know, a little a little stumped. Let's see because
our gun following and sometimes
maybe. So I
mean I've done I've done other ones that have like an interface where they're like tracking your eyes and or mouth, you know, like our ai training kind of stuff. But this I just see like who's, you know what? Researchers are going to be sitting around in their in their office watching our chat and like what what do you guys analyzing? What do you want? Mhm. I mean, good luck, good luck with the study whatever this is. Mhm. All right. Well, I think I think we've hit our time and uh I think I've got about 10 minutes to my next my next online video appointment. Yeah.
With with my special lady friend, special new lady friend like that. I can't hang out with
the DJ next town over. Uh
You just remember
it was really nice talking to you. Stay safe. Okay. All right. It's see you commute. Mhm. Mhm,