Yes. Uh huh I'm so tired mm It's saturday I'm guessing just a man and therefore yeah wonderful protection. Mhm. I don't want to have some time. Hello? Yeah
I'm good for you.
I don't know.
I'm from uh Philly in pennsylvania here in south Carolina. Okay that's cool. How south
Carolina outside would you say?
That is really hot. I think it's been kind of okay it's been like in the seventies sixties I think it's gonna go down next week. I took the sixties fifties. About when
do we start getting snow? I think usually likes what time we got it really early in november? Two years ago we got it like the middle of november. But most of the times we get it like around december january. Yeah
Do you guys get snow? Mhm. Friends
mm. Okay. I see. Yeah we usually get like Probably about like 1-3in. That's like on the average. Yeah and sometimes it will be like a feet of snow too. But it just depends on the winter.
That's
that's crazy. I remember one time when it's not like I think it's like two years ago and it was like a random snow. Like none of the weather people predicted it and it was like I think was 1-3" it's stuck and then they had to like shut down all of the transportation to like get home.
Um I've been doing them for I guess since last week I think was my first trip was like last week. It was my 4th 1 I think The
head to and then one guy didn't show up. Mhm.
That's that's annoying.
Yeah because you take your day you take your time out to do all this and it's just like you really show up.
What?
Yeah. What's doctor that please? Yeah. I like you. So they're really really cool. I feel like okay.
You're the you're the first one for me. I haven't talked to any. It's mostly been guys. Yeah.
Yeah. I think the first guy had he was an older guy but he was in the same field that I was in so it wasn't too bad you know?
I'm studying to become a mechanical engineer. Yeah.
Okay. What do you do? Okay. Mhm.
Yeah.
Thank
you. Hello.
That's funny. That's cool though.
Mhm. Yeah. It's like half of them work from home. Like I know a lot of the firms and really a lot of them are starting to come back but they have the option to work at home. They have a couple of friends and some of them are working from home, some of them aren't, they think it really just depends.
I don't know if I want to be in the office a lot of times they're by themselves, especially like right now with the pandemic. So I don't know if I would want that, but I don't know if I want to work from home either. I've been hearing a lot of people saying that we're working from home because my mom were actually just talking about this because she works, she's a teacher. She's like a she's climate for our school district in Philly. And she was saying that a lot of people have been complaining that like you have to work like way more than you will work when you're in the office. So I don't know if I want to work more because I already do that with school. Like school. I've already used to doing that with school because it's like you have to work like almost 24/7 when it comes to school. But I don't think I want to do that when I started working. Like I need a break, you know? Yeah.
Thanks.
Amazing.
The number.
I know. Yeah. It's kind of it's a little annoying. That's why it's like working from home. I did it a little bit before the pandemic because our job we have flexible people where it's like some people just work from home all the time and then some people don't and I didn't really like it. There must come just like I like to get all my stuff done even if I have to stay like an extra hour, I'd rather stay an extra average and had to do extra work at home. Like that's just not me. I just hate that.
What?
But I don't know, it's just like it's a different, especially now I feel like it's a lot different. Yeah.
The
classes honestly, I mean I've been doing online classes for about six months now. It's really it's okay. I think at first I was a little like annoying but I feel like I'm used to it now. Um I think it's most annoying because I'm a senior and we have like our senior design project and a lot of those components are need to be kind of in person. But like the administration at our school, it kind of been really like kind of annoying about it. Just like being real like, oh we
need to do this and now we have to have a perfect design before we even are able to like do something like physical and it's just like, I don't know how you expect us to do this when we're all taking like all these classes like get that scene design
supposed to be a lot. But I got I got us to do and I have two times I have two part time jobs, so it's like, it's kind of hard sometimes to like manage all that.
No, but our campuses technically open so our libraries open, our student centers are open, the gym's open. Um I think that's about but
no, but no, but no, I'm like, you know in person classes, what do you say?
Once a week.
five days a week.
that's
crazy.
No, I know if I know at least in Philly there's no there's no body, there's no college and doing in person classes
like at all.
Now
I have heard people having parties but like there's like there's no like actual quests in chile there. Temple was open if you know temple they were open but then they shut down so that's
Yeah.
Mhm. That's great. Yeah.
I know
I know. Yeah I know. For us it's like the public closed, they're closed right now but the private schools like the catholic schools they're open but like some of them have been having an outbreak so they have clothes like I think they talked about two of them that had outbreaks and now they have to like shut down but they're trying to trying to start us back with the public school, they're trying to start them back like I think the end of november it said k the two is gonna come like every other day or something like that. I just don't see that freaking out as well. Yeah.
And
now.
think about it.
Breaking bad. Oh my gosh.
This man is going to
that's so scary.
No, because that's really a health hazard honestly
at this point.
No.
I
that's that's what I would
like. That's insane. The fact
that it's
like in that source system connected to your guys that you guys can't have drinking water or is it not?
that's like, oh my I was like Sue because
I'm just, I'm just like, if I was like living there, I feel like it's not my fault. I'm not the one that's sitting here doing all this extra stuff and now I'm the one that can't have like clean drinking water because it might have covid like.
Your generation,
That is crazy. What is constant like, because I always hear about their football team. I think football is. Right,
Thank
you.
Yeah, I don't
like
that.
You do
it.
That's unnecessary.
In the road, you know?
Okay. That's crazy. That's kind of what they're doing like in the area. I live a little bit because I live near the school that I go to, which is Drexel and basically they're kind of like starting to rebuild a lot of the area and they're trying to kick out. It's like a program that we do. It's like a homeowners, we don't buy their homes
and
then they'll use it for like college students and then they're trying to like build all this stuff around the city and it's just like I don't think it's like I don't think that's
good because I just find that if people are already living here and they already like established a place here, it's just like why make it so that you can have college to the to only stay here. Because because it isn't because Drexel is like mostly people coming from New Jersey and out State and usually not really people who are in filling in the first place. So they just stay here for four or five years and then they leave so you're doing all this for them to just like not even stay here. It's just like I don't get it.
Yeah. They were because my, one of my friends, she lives like, and she lives in Temple and there, I think they built a new apartment complex or like the department house in there and it's all dirty. She has like coming out the walls and from like different animals, they have like raccoons next to them because it's just like they're literally building on top of like a mess and it's just like that you want, you want to bring students
to this. It's just like, I don't get it.
Triple.
Yeah, it's a mess. What is living like in south Carolina is like how cheap? It's like, like Brent
You can't get that anywhere is really, this is a two bedroom one, that one bathroom apartment and it's like 1125 a month. The
I'm
off. That is crazy. Oh
my
gosh.
I'm Located
like, it's funny, I like around my way there literally
building
apartment complexes and they're going for like one room, like you said, they're going for like 1500 a month. They're
going for like 1700 a month. Like
It is. Yeah, luckily, I guess luckily I'm glad we live because I feel like they might, they didn't bump up our rent a little bit when you first came here, it's like 1100, But they bumped it up by $25 Best. Not the worst, but like if you literally go a block down, you literally see like houses and apartment buildings that are worth like $400,500,000. Yeah. Yeah.
Back then it is, yeah,
literally a block. If I go a block down, I just got as I walk a block down and then it's like, it just jumped like a whole
$200, Yeah. It's crazy what they're trying to do around here because they didn't used
to be like this. It's
just cause because I've got to mention we also are near Penn, like the University of Penn, so a lot of students are moving into those places too. So I think that's why they're starting to Bump it up a little bit. But this has been going on I think for like 10 years or something like that, just like slowly raising the price around here. This is a nice, it's a nice, very convenient. I will say
that's a great question. I think it's like $3.
It's kind of expensive I heard. Yeah.
that's starting to get expensive.
I literally, the last time it was like a dollar in Philly or like a dollar 75 that was like when I was a child, when I was like five. Italy ever since then the averages like 2 to $3 and then sometimes like in 12,014 it was like $4 a gallon. Yeah. Yeah.
That's crazy. Yeah, it's a lot, I mean I don't drive so I don't, you know, I think the reason why, because most people rely on public transportation, Like I use Trump's reputation wherever I go, but I know people who drive, it's like and you can you can easily fill your gas tank for like $50 each time you go. Yeah,
Okay.
I
see, that's kind of, that's kind of annoying.
so
so it's like
driving cities basically. Uh huh. Yeah, it's like in Philly, it's like a lot of times you do kinda have to rely because it's like really is kind of a small, I guess like a small city, it's like a smaller version of new york, I guess. You could say like the streets are really small so it's like now I can be driving because he just traffic easily and you're near some highways, but it's like, it's like here and there, it's mostly like streets, so public transportation is like really big here, it's like huge. It's like new york and like the sea level here.
the only thing is that you've got a deal is you don't have that sense of privacy when you're doing this, it was like, and especially now with Covid, they have a lot of different rules with public transportation, but they're still not like really following them. Like I think what's yesterday, It was either yesterday or a couple of days ago when I went, it was like really crowded and I was just thinking I was, I was wearing a mask but I was like, I'm a little too close to these people just like the drive or something like that.
my gosh. Don't say that.
Oh
my gosh. Honestly, I can't uh we didn't we didn't really, they really have like a mass mandate in Philly so you cannot go anywhere without wearing a mask. Like if you do you sometimes they've been a little lax, but most of the times it's like if you don't have a mess, you gotta, you have to leave.
Not the liberal agenda.
folks. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah.
I find that in more like cities, but here's the thing, we are kind of getting an increase in pennsylvania. I don't know if the pennsylvania is like getting an increase. We have like the highest day total
of new cases ever since the pandemic started, I'm like, uh and I can kind of see why because we do wear a mask. I usually, whenever I go downtown, I usually don't see people without mask on, but there's a lot of people downtown. Like I went to um, I went to like, there's like a ball
is just kind of like a mall. It's like a big like strip mall around downtown and I really went there and it's just like, yeah, and that's exactly the same as a different floor, but people are just wearing masks. So it's, it's kind of hard to like social distance, especially when, you know, you're trying to do stuff, you know, like inside and stuff like that so I can see why are cases are kind of like increasing so I don't think we're gonna shut down again. I think they're gonna like keep it this way.
I love it. Mhm. I
kind of hope that kind of hope that I kind of want to shut down so it's just like I rather be safe in my house
then you know, having to, you know, deal with her because I ever hit the gym right now and it really isn't that bad. Like honestly people have been really good and I'm like constantly cleaning the machines, like that's really what I do. So it really hasn't been that bad, but I'm just so afraid I'm going to deal with somebody that like has their mask off and they're gonna like fight me or something like that so keep their best going. But I mean, I
don't know if it's like really safe to be like working sometime
because it's just like, I mean I'm a little close to this person were wearing a mess, but also I don't know, it's just this is all confusing.
I
know.
Yeah. That's insane. I feel like it's kind of it's actually it's kind of the same here because I know like my my boyfriend, he had Covid and I think he had he took time off, but they didn't pay them. So it was like, you know, I'm not saying you shouldn't have to work as he had, he was he was, you know, he wasn't, he wasn't a symptomatic, the only thing he had was a loss of smell. But um yeah, I mean that's just really that's really concerning because it's just like what if you just don't show too, but if you don't show to something you want to show one or nine where you're asymptomatic, that's like the whole point of covid it's friends were. What is it that bad?
It
is.
World
I think
it's
attractive.
Mhm. Yeah, that's that's crazy. Like that doesn't say like I
guess
that's crazy.
That's like I can't believe that that's just like and so that's so that's just so weird.
what what
what
is the point? Like you have to quarantine, you have to stay home? Okay.
Okay. I can't pull me
I mean at least you guys aren't as bad as or that I heard for the in Georgia or like really moving bad like they're like times to like what you're experiencing.
we we were shut down for like I think fully like probably three months, wow.
that's just like it
was
I
know like if we didn't have any of that because
like also we have been partying too like the party I think a lot of big parties like not around where I live like around the city where it's like 1000 people
and I'm just like half of them are not wearing masks or maybe
less than half of wearing masks and it's just like but that's like rare, that's like once a month. But actually I have noticed I have seen where people start to like post parties and like
advertise
them and I'm just like what are you doing? The phantom? It is not over it's not over just because billy is okay. It doesn't mean that you can start having parties. I've
seen some
concert venues open I've set up. Okay.
That's
great. Oh no I never heard that. That's crazy.
What?
You know
what,
that's really great.
I'm
so sorry to hear
that like that's really sad. Mhm.
people
I just can't
I'm
married.
wow. I just
it was nice meeting you tube and
I hope you stay safe. Yeah.
Yes I hope they do. I don't know when it's gonna happen to be honest but you know maybe
one day
Thank
you. You too.