How are you?
Good.
Where are you from?
it's
so I just want to have been doing this, but it's not bad. It's pretty hot. Yes, They don't agree. Yeah.
When you start getting scared,
It's not that one.
what we consider snow? Yes, we get like classic inch like once every three years. Everything shuts down boy. Everything. But other than that, like the most I've ever seen might have been like an inch and a half.
I don't know. And like y'all probably six ours doesn't stay around for more than like an hour or two. You have to get up that morning. It has to be snow it
or you're out.
What's crazy? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Is this how long have you been doing the chat?
awful.
Yeah, I've been doing this for like two months now. Uh Yeah, but like last week I had a strand of four people not stuck in a row. Yeah,
I know.
Yeah. It's like we're both getting paid for it so why not? Yeah, you're you're
taking money for me at this point like, let's not do that.
Yes, I like that. They started uh like you're actually the second girl that I'm talking, talking to you. Like
That's how it looks for me for the first, like I think I did six before they went on their rounds out, but it was like all guys, and then towards the end it was um like a lot of older older guys. I was like, oh, I don't feel comfortable.
yeah, what field are you in?
it's awesome. A boyfriend does something like that.
He does design work for yacht, like he does all the systems and um diagrams
and everything
like that.
What kind of computer? And I honestly have no idea. I just know he's always up there with the computer self and but I'll go out there and I'll try to like what he's doing. I'm like no, I'm out.
Yeah, he enjoys it. He um and I think he's very lucky because I don't I don't know if it's common in the field, but he gets to work from home all the time.
yes. Are you going to go to work from home whenever you finish out or do you want you want to be in office? Yeah.
I definitely noticed that with him, like when he goes when he, because he doesn't have to go and get to a shop and reverse
engineer, so I don't know, I just
used the words that he throws around. Uh but he'll go to the office, he'll come home, he'll be done at 5 30 minutes
home, but when he's here, it's like, I'll get home from work at 10 30 at night, and he's like, I just need to finish this one, this one drawing, I need to finish this, I mean it it looks like uh we would have dinner at 10 30 I'm only going
it was awful. Oh, I know, that
feels pretty cool. What? Yeah.
I've heard those classes are awful
though.
Well,
What?
Yeah, we aren't doing in school classes at all.
Our health,
our club, our club college, because I live right next to the colleagues that I went to, they're going over a week,
five days a week,
they're going five days a week, wow, I'm
just like,
I'm like, so other places aren't doing that.
No,
they're sitting out here, my neighbors, I can hear them in my house. They're sitting out with tailgating for the game that's about to start in 50 minutes. Like there's a huge party
going on next door.
even our high schools are going two days a week because I worked with a girl
that is a P E. K. And they're actually having students come in at least two days a week and they're alternating so their students there five days a week.
But we don't
really put it on the pandemic it.
With nobody
down here
is taking it seriously at all. Well yeah because I um I live next to Clinton. I got a wildlife degree from there so area.
Um and we got like Almost 4000 cases in a week from the students and that's just our little area.
And yeah, they're like still partying downtown. Like every time I drive through downtown it is. Hat
Crazy.
Well we're trying to move like.
Well
like they're even because
the sewage system they like send an email out and they're like, hey over the past two weeks we've detected covid in the water system From how many people have it because they're only testing students that live on campus and then randomly a few students here and there that live off. So that's almost 4000 people. Just not even testing the whole population. It is and then they're all about to go home. They don't get
into
what
wouldn't
it?
It's literally the whole city of Paterson. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. I'm just like in the end,
it's so stressful. It's like I don't want to go to the grocery store out and all this other stuff because it's nothing but students everywhere.
Yeah, they're football. Some really good these past few years. Uh, as far as, like, it's probably one of the most beautiful campuses I've ever been through. But that's also, it was funded on address. It's actually a military school first and when it was founded on agriculture, so they have like 13,000 acres of Woods. But that's just therefore it's an experimental forest that like the Department of Agriculture is, it's very strongly and everything like that. So, and there's lates all around. Um, so I mean it's phenomenal, the landscapes pretty as part of the college. Again, they, they went, they were recently a big engineer school, but now there's all for business. So
they're
very much, you know, they're trying everything like they, they're tearing down the richness of the city and making it and just a college challenge. Like they just tore down all of the businesses, build more apartment complexes. Yeah.
What
we want
awful and it's like they're running out, they're running out all the local businesses to put in like more Starbucks
chick
flick. We have about seven Starbucks within walking distance from.
Yeah. Oh it's like why? And they're always so busy that like people are in in the road when they're waiting to get in there.
Yeah. Like their their car. Yes, insane.
One
more
what?
Mhm. When it tears at some length. Because I mean we my boyfriend was renting this house for a long time um from his landlord who's been here. I think Hudson bought some of the property around here well like 50 years ago because he's already passed away. So this is like one of the old old timey houses in one of the old old neighborhoods, like one of the original neighborhood before they started getting all the students in. Oh and it everywhere now is nothing like they're they're even trying to buy homes in the neighborhood to just make the old neighborhood apartment complexes. And it's like most of these students like you said are only here for a few months years, depending if they say a lot. Mhm.
What?
Well
what more does it like? I don't know. They're definitely feeling a lot of people, it sounds like
Oh it's um well where we live in really cheap just because he um been living here for a long time, like we live in a two bed, one bath house and it's 6 15 months but
so that's how it goes through the bill because I live close to Greenville, that's how it is. Um But even like the apartment complexes around here, there's some where you just pay for the, like the room that you're in there somewhere. The rooms are like keep 75 and you share like it's for, it's a four bedroom, two bath house or apartment I think. And it's each rooms like 2 75. And
then,
I
think
the most expensive one of soon is only like 800 a month.
Well
and
yet,
nope.
That's insane.
That's crazy.
Well,
Well,
Well,
well.
Yeah. How much is your gas right now
or?
Yeah. Archer always like, like I was looking at mine last night is a dollar 65 I'm like, that's that's certainly good expensive. The group.
Okay. I was like, oh because I saw it, I think it was 1 85 near my work and I was like, I got to go get it on my way home because it's a dollar 65 starting to go back up $3.
doesn't then.
See we don't have any like, we shouldn't say that we have some public transportation. But yeah,
there is, the college has some and that's it. Like if you want to get around Clinton, that's fine. But if you want to go anywhere else, there's no formal public
transportation.
Yeah, that's how it is across the whole state. Like there's there were nine and
what big cities, you can have a bus. That there's some maybe like where I live in or where I work in Greenville. There's some like my place to work for the other side of the highway basically and that's it. Thank
you.
But often though at least.
Um Yeah. Yeah, we can't get nobody wear mask down here or
Well my hours in retail for like everybody and and you know, we have to politely say, hey we have masks on the table over there if you forgot yours, I didn't forget my night wearing that. Okay.
All right, cool.
Well no, like even our police are like oh that's just liberal agenda. We aren't wearing them.
You know, straight up said that to like to the press and I'm just like I'm in very cool here. I am so sorry for art or part of the country greening everything.
Well at least it's nice to know that some people are out there doing the right thing.
But
But
Oh, yeah. They're going to keep checking. They don't,
wow.
No.
But,
and
Yeah. And it's like, at least down here they think if they're wearing a mask, they don't need a social distance and they'll try to get in your face and like, and I guess I don't understand it at all. It's like, no, you need to do both. Be saying and where I work. Like they don't actually want. Like if you search
on
symptoms, you have to show more than two symptoms to take time off. And if you live with somebody positive, like somebody that test positive, um, you have to come to work until you either get your test or you start telling symptoms.
well like my store because I'm one of them, I'm part of management where I work.
So like my
here, he lost his scent,
his smell and taste and he didn't get it tested nothing. He, he like, y'all can't be about this. So, and I was like, and he didn't tell us until accurate. He's like, yeah, I couldn't even tasteless during that week. And I was like, and you came to work and you didn't tell us and you took your mask down in the office. Like
this will go in the office and we'll take
our
math down and then he'll be touching everything. And it's like you didn't tell us. And we were all touching everything that you touch. We were in the room with you when you had your mask off. Like,
what
we can survive two weeks without you. Trust me. It's not like you did so much anyway, but the void, it's just, he literally put all of us at race of all.
And now it's like his daughter was showing symptoms and he's still talking to work and his daughter, like, they're going, she's in high school. Um, and the cheerleading team and they're doing this and it's like, well now the whole cheerleading teams having the quarantine because they were having practices and they were doing this and they were doing that. The whole football team has been quarantined because half of them were dating cheerleaders and half of them were shown symptoms and tested positive. And it's like, not a coincidence.
Yeah. It's like, the whole high school is pretty much getting it and they're still going to classes.
It's
like,
And now he actually just went on a bourbon tour in a whole another state. Like after his daughter, his daughter has negative even though her boyfriend's closet and they were just hanging out together. His parents were still sending him to school and so he got his tested old bag. Um, and now he's in Kentucky just partying it up with his family. Yeah,
that's how awful the south is. If you're ever wondering, not ever trying to come down here, where else?
Well at least whenever Georgia because Georgia shut down for a while, uh, we never shut down. All the people started coming up to us. Yeah, we were full like we were fully open the whole time.
No. Yeah. So we had a bunch of people from Georgia coming up here to shop in our malls and shop in our stores because we were like full board open. We are we still, we never had like a mask mandate. We still don't, we don't.
our
our governor is still gonna go like the T. V. And does press events without wearing a mask. Yeah okay. And everybody's like well they're not doing it. I don't know how I guess because we don't live, they're supposed to get like a lot of the places where I'm here very space out. But I wouldn't be surprised if we have like a dent community like y'all do everybody women so close and you
can take to
No.
Harold.
well
and
it
hold
me.
Yeah they're advertising like come to this
club on the radios and everything down here.
And I'm just like what? And then they're like yeah come with these tickets to Dan and
Shay and like come to Denver downs and have a party outside with come to the corn maze and they're still doing like all the haunted houses and every yeah, they're like in full effect down here. It's, they're doing
like, they have the say fair recently.
Um all that is still going on. Yeah.
Thank
you.
What?
it seems for the people who are like, no, this is serious because like over half the population is like how we don't care like if you go to a gas station, nobody is wearing a mask and it's like gas sanctions on the highway or on the interstate or the number one
places, you probably want to be wearing a mask because there's no intelligence traveling somewhere and you know, they don't play those places. But even the employees aren't wearing anything like what?
Yeah. I've even like when this all started I had a nurse, I don't know if she worked at the national hospital or nursing home and she says you are being ridiculous. You're blowing it off of course. And I'm like you're a nurse like you probably shouldn't be saying that.
Especially
when other nurses are like, dear God, this is the worst thing I've ever experienced.
Yeah. Yeah. It sounds stupid. And summary. Um You know South Carolina did ranked 50th in education because we're not on a table. Oh yes. Yeah. Well I do have to get ready to go to work. But it was very nice talking to you, nice to meet you and.
no.
I tried to. I hope prices go down
well.
Well I hope you have a good saturday and I have been good for you
to sleep