Hi. Yeah. Mhm.
All right, how are you doing?
Yeah I'm in michigan so it's getting a little bit cold now, it's been a nice couple days before but starting to get cold again.
Uh Nothing really I'm working from home so just keep them busy with that. Uh fortunately today off at the rest of the weekend off so I'm just trying to take it easy, try to relax, get a couple of drinks and just take it easy. Pretty much.
I do a gig work, I do tech repair, consumer services, a lot of different stuff, I keep myself pretty busy.
No.
Oh you're
from
that's
it's blistering cold in winter for sure. Yeah you definitely want some heavy jackets and good gloves, some some of my good shoes for sure. It gets very cold. The weather is very strange. Hair like one day it could be a very warm one day it could be freezing so it's gonna take some getting used to for sure. That's
good.
And there though, that's a great school, so definitely good on you forgiveness up to there.
they,
yeah, they get the Coleman, send it our way up in Wisconsin.
Yeah, I have yet. I lived here my whole life, the only other states I've been to our Ohio new york so I haven't really traveled too much unfortunately.
Yeah, it's pretty big state I guess. Yeah, it's kind of a lot I guess to discover.
Yeah, that's cool.
I say. Yeah. So how long have you been with prolific for?
you're
pretty new. Uh a year and a half I want to say or so. So I've been with them for quite a bit. Uh it's picked up a lot this year for sure. Like I've noticed big increase, like I'm just better surveys now. Things like this. A lot more opportunities on their their great site that I like them. A lot of.
Yeah. Yeah that's possible.
I
do a lot of these kind of things. So I'm used to a lot of these sites like I do swag bucks by literally use your interviews. Uh So quick thoughts. Yeah I do a lot of like these sites.
Um Honestly it depends on the person for sure. Um If you're comfortable talking to a moderator and you like talking to people and you're comfortable expression your opinions. Uh Sites like user interviews and they're literally are great sites for that. The pay is really good. Um.
Oh yeah like I was just in a study with that literally yesterday. Just simple. 30 minutes study $40. You know, just talk about a prototype. Real simple. Um yeah as long as you can talk through the,
you know, with the researcher. Yeah. It's really simple. That's definitely where the money is for sure. It's not really taking these small little surveys. Um, I like prolific though because the surveys are very interesting on here. So, um, I like that about it though. But yeah, the other sides, they have more money, opportunities for sure.
You can't write it at all.
Oh, you do. Okay. Cool. Yeah, there's a, there's a subreddit called their money. They basically have like a sticky of like all, like the common popular sites. They have like monthly post where people talk about how much they've earned each month and you can kind of go from there. You know where exactly before making a lot of money off of like one of like the newer sites that people are reluctant. It's called The Scout. I haven't used it yet. Um, it's like a mobile app kind of, or you make like selfie videos, you submit them and then you get approved to see if you can participate in like a moderate study because that's where the money is honestly talking to a researcher, like one on one or focus focus groups are good. I'm trying to change off of focus groups.
It
is
it's very active to, yeah, definitely check it out. Yeah. I imagine with your demographics with you being a college student, you going into law school? Yeah, I'm sure you could get some pretty good paying studies for sure for that.
Yeah. I just do a little bit like, I'll apply a little in the morning or so. It doesn't really take that long and
it pans out if you can even just get into water that
definitely.
Don't want to pick up chicks, wow.
Well
yeah. Hang yeah that's done santa. You're definitely gonna want me to get that fixed.
Yeah. That's pretty
generic and random. Yeah. I mean I love red, it's a great site. I got a ton of different information off of it, honestly,
it's
so
diverse. Yeah it's got a lot of like niche communities to which is really nice.
Right. It's pretty simple to the parking in there.
I like to listen music a lot. Yesterday I was singing for like six or seven hours. I was kind of wondering like is my voice gonna crack at all for today, but I'm pretty strong lung so it went pretty well. Um that I like to listen music, I like to watch wrestling, I'd like to play video games, have a good game. Pc. I have tons of Xbox one, so I, I keep pretty busy with a lot of stuff just consuming as much stuff as possible. Obviously. I mean, pretty typical of my age. I'm 25 so that's mostly what you were doing at that age.
I like almost any kind of music really. The only types of music I don't really like our country, everything else. I'm pretty open to honestly,
the different
opinions I guess.
I
personally
couldn't get into it. The lyrics weren't really relatable to me. I mean, I'm not a, like a countryside boy, so I couldn't really relate to these small town stories or something.
I
mean, I
would say my
favorite john was probably grunge. Er so because growing up as a child, I heard that a lot with my parents, you know, Nirvana Alice in chains, smashing pumpkins. I was always playing in the house, so just nostalgia. It grew on me.
I mean,
you probably like Nirvana, they have such a wide variety different songs. It's almost like pop punk, mainstream. Like, they kind of cover everything. Allison
changes.
Yeah, they're great. I love them. Like, I could I could put never mind on and just listen to that a few times and just relax. Like it's such a good album. And the fact that he could write something like that at like 23 or 24 is just amazing.
Uh No, I don't really do covers. I just kind of sing recreational e
I don't really cover grunge. Uh The way they sing with grunge is is so hard to like get that pitch correct with that. I think more like mainstream like songs or more like pop based songs, things that have more like definitive like tone pitches. I can't really replicate grunge too well or at least make it sound decent at all.
for sure. Yeah. It's definitely one of those genres were like the singers all over the place. That's kind of why I appreciate so much about it.
I love The Beatles. Well love like I could I could listen to The Beatles probably all day and not get too bored with them.
have a long discography. Yeah. That's going to take a lot to get there. I've been listening to my whole life. I don't think I've heard all of their songs. They just have so money and then if you count individual songs that they made it, it's so
many. Yeah. Yeah. But they're great. The timeless and their music is just so legendary basically. Like Never gets old. Honestly
listening to what is life by George Harrison a few days ago. It's just such a nice cheerful song and with the stress of the election, you know, I just wanted to listen to something really cheerful and happy like that.
I'm not really sure what other people were thinking because the states pretty diverse if I think between like Republican and democrat, but we were a red state originally. But yes, we did turn blue um are again sick of trump. He did a lot of stupid stuff. Honestly handled covid
treacherously. He handled unemployment horribly. Uh
yeah, I think it was just kind of more that I I don't like trump at all. Uh but I'm pretty sure he would have won by a landslide had he not messed up Covid so badly,
Surprisingly.
Yeah, they were saying Georgia might turn blue for the first time like 28 years almost like
Jesus filed.
I believe it for sure. Yeah. If he would have just locked the country down back in january yeah, he could have easily had another four year term, but you know, he kind of did that to himself. Kind of shot himself in the foot there. Yeah, he's suing our state actually, you know, voter
fraud
or whatever. He's a sore loser. He's soo in pennsylvania. Thank you. Sue in Georgia as well
actually.
Like
he's suing Arizona just doing a bunch of states, wasting more taxpayer dollars. I
hate the guy to be honest with you is so horrible when
when I heard that biden one ice cream on top of my lungs, I was like, oh thank God we're done with that tyrant. Because
it honestly feels like a time with this guy, like I was literally living in fear of, you know, what is this fascist tyrant going to do next, basically,
because
that's how he was offering the country.
Yeah, yeah, he's uh he's really big on michigan, he doesn't like our governor at all. She's a very good governor. Honestly, you know, she's done the best she can for for this kind of term. I mean, she's doing a good job of Covid, she's taking Covid pretty seriously. Uh, I lost my job originally back in March. She actually was one of the people that worked hard to get people that wouldn't qualify for regular employment on the way. So she did a really good job and that she's actually kind of one of those politicians that actually gives a damn about regular people. So I can certainly appreciate that kind of
like, like Bernie, Bernie was obviously a long shot candidate for sure, but there's a reason why he appealed to younger audiences so much, you know, with the racing of, of college debt that was never going to happen because of the crab in the buck mentality. I mean, even my aunt is like, I believe 50 $60,000 in student loan dad. So they're like, you know, I put my hand in the fire, we're going to put your hand in the fire. It's a horrible mindset that we have, but honestly that's why it is like that. But yeah, you know, I think it's a good thing that biden won and we commonly, I think biden is going to step down about two years and I want to say, I think it's gonna come down, I think
this
is
atlantic
on office because they couldn't get a female in office legitimately. And that's because you know the way this country is kind of and how it operates, you know they're not going to have a female president, it's just
it's just not going to happen. But Um I definitely welcome that. I I think if she could become president you know we could start seeing more progressive maybe maybe Bernie 2020 for Yang 2024 or something. I'm just tired of these old men running in office. They never do anything and you know they only care about the 1%, you know, society shouldn't be like that. I mean you probably, I'm sure you know you're obviously smart, you're going to law school, you're going to one of the greatest schools in the country. Um I
just don't think society should be structured like that where there's a couple of 1000 people at the top and then the rest are considered losers. That that's just not right.
I
agree.
it's
progressive people aren't going to really hear that out.
he's
not yeah I'm tired of him calling him a socialist. The guys moderate. If you ask me like this guy is not a socialist, I don't know
where they stand out from it. Just
ignorant.
Yeah that's what I always heard throughout this whole thing. Oh don't vote for biden, it's gonna be socialism. He's going to raise your taxes just I don't know people kind of almost vote against their own interests. Like um one of my neighbors is not like government assistance and this guy votes for trump like are you kidding me? You're the exact type of people he hates and wants gone and you're voting for trump. I saw some people uneducated voting is so severe like they really should people more on voting and you know aligning with something that aligns with your views or something because I think a lot of people just, they hear the right thing because I mean the politicians, you know, they're obviously good at speaking the good at learning people and they hear the right thing, they think oh this identifies good with me, cool, let me vote for them. It's almost like I saw a video online people with trump and and uh trump was making tax increases or something or tax cuts, I think it was something to do with the middle class and he was basically screwing over the middle class but he was kind of a pronounced to them and the people in the audience are clapping like yeah, he's screwing over the middle class did not even realize that they are the middle class,
so it's like what is going on
for
definitely
it just
filed,
well
that's definitely what trump. Wanted to create, He wanted to just create two classes where you're rich or you're poor. I mean that was obviously as clear as day his whole golden and administration, you know all the cuts he had made to social programs obviously try to eliminate the poor and then all of his tax breaks for the rich, you know him uh but the deregulation sending overseas jobs like he was working pretty diligently hard to kind of narrow that gap for sure.
It sucks because I can't really say these opinions outside because michigan is still pretty red and you know I could call the socialist, it's nice to talk to someone you know where we can have an open view about this. And um one of my one of my best friends is in texas, he um he's a Republican and I have no problem with the republican. That doesn't matter to me. He didn't he didn't support trump again, even if he did support trump, I wouldn't necessarily care as long as, you know, he had fundamental, objective reasons for it. I don't like the trump supporters that are, you know, the childish type or if you don't agree with them, they're like, oh you're a socialist, you know, it's just like, come on, you know, just childish insults pretty much. And I just don't like what the whole group stands for. Like, even his supporters now are like, he didn't lose elections, like, yeah, he did just deceptive. Like be a man about it.
He won't even
though
he's not he's never going to concede to him, Mitch McConnell's telling by and he's gonna make his life a living hell, you know, Vito and everything he tries to pass because by the looks like the country down obviously, which I'm all for, it needs to happen. It's stupid that we have 50% of the workforce working and 50% at home. And it just sounds dumb. Not even a politician, I can tell you it sounds dumb like lock the country down, you know, get some sort of policy in place so people don't starve and then, you know, we're good, the virus spread and go away. Same thing in italy they locked the country down. That works great for them. Same thing happened that Mark.
I'm barely
even has any covid cases because I mean it's just embarrassing and it's embarrassing to people like us as you know, citizens because right now our country is kind of a laughing stock, you know, to other countries. They're like, you know, how poorly your country is handling covid, you know it's a reflection on us honestly.
Yeah. Yeah they're doing pretty good. Yeah that's
that's kind
of bias.
it's done by U. S. Organization. Of course they're going to put us or come on. Maybe it should have been done by an anonymous third party or something when I see stuff like that it's like I can't really you know listen to it too much. But yeah I do remember that people were demonized in china again I think a lot of it falls back on trump. He did a really poor job protecting the nation everybody else. You know the same circumstance and he threw out that pandemic thing that Obama had read enough because of his ego and his narcissism. So he messed up so many things you know he's really got himself to blame.
because
you guys
voted
for the shrooms, you have made me want there when I saw that. Yeah, I love the shrooms
interesting.
that's
like being the non war on drugs, I think that's great. Yeah for too long they were way too hard on drugs, you know. Um I'm
believer on drugs, you know, I consume THC I I don't consume it just to get high, I consume it for medicine reasons I have gas for previous helps. Amazingly my appetite so
it's
to see you can look at finally like
that
totally.
Well yeah I think a lot of that is our system is just so big on you know punishment and not enough on rehabilitation and you know, you know kind of re preparing them for society, we kind of have this belief over here where if you're a bad apple will lock you up and kind of burn the key on you. You know we don't have any rehabilitation that kind of integrate you back, which is something we definitely need to learn from
but we
lot
to work on honestly.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, I mean you could still got sympathy off. Yeah. Yeah, they'll still show sympathy for you for being alcoholic but the second you tell them you know you're addicted to weed or you're addicted you know amphetamines or uh cocaine or heroin or shrooms or basically anything else but alcohol or cigarettes is just about gone cigarettes that are safe, you know? The rest it's wild. Really?
I agree. Yeah, I think a lot of the people over here are closeted kind of, I mean I'm sure there's extremists like that that you know are spouting that kind of stuff. but I mean, I've never personally went outside and seeing it. I've actually never seen someone where mega had and I've been in cities like they're boring Detroit, you know, ann arbor big cities. I've never seen where mega had. I think over here, people kind of like to keep politics at home maybe then
again,
you know, it's so polarizing. You know, someone could be worried, hey, I'm wearing mega and not get shot or something because this is so serious. You know, I've never seen such a polarized like, like election almost really would like to view there.
definitely. No. Yeah. You'd be a yeah, probably less chance in California to turn red. Yeah.
Yeah. We've kind of always been like a swing state for the most part. Yeah, we've been bred, we've been blue kind of just in between. Really remember the Obama administration, We're blue. Blue for that. The bush. I want to say we read. I mean I was a kid so I can't say, but I want to say the Bush administration we were red and then I'm not sure before that. I would have to ask my mother about the, but
I'm pretty sure it's been that mixed blue, red, blue, red kind of back and forth there.
My name is Brandon. What about
that's a pretty cool name. That's
the name you got there.
No,
no, I don't think so. No. Sorry.
Oh, that's
cool. Yeah. Hawaii sounds great right now is a resort for the old winter. Like you said, why thinking winners comb and I wish I could pack my bags and go straight down there.
a nice, nice climb that for sure. He's always nice. It's great for your move, too, and everything, so. Yeah, that's really cool.
Yeah. You, too is really great talking to you as well. Yeah. You have a good day as well.