Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah, but sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Sorry, You there? How's it going?
Pretty solid? Yeah. Uh Work from home and I'm in Portland Oregon and the weather has been slowly declining into like winter rain slash fog that's going to stick to for the next like three or four months. So
what do you, what do you have to michigan?
That's a that's no super nice. Um where, what do you what do you do for work?
Mm Very cool. Is there um Okay, I just actually
coincidentally, I'm applying to law schools this year, so I'm like doing AmeriCorps position until then, but I yeah, it's nice, but I've never been to michigan and I just got into University of michigan and everything I've heard about, it has been like, it's super cool, you know, I've heard great reviews, but like I'm from Hawaii originally and like
the
idea, Yeah, and the idea of
that kind of cold terrifies me a bit, so I
I'm
happy,
thank you. Yeah, it's, I mean it's such a good school, but it's the same. My dad's originally from Minnesota and everything, like there's, in my opinion, there's a reason he told me about the cold in Minnesota from our house in Hawaii and not
like,
have you, have you always lived in michigan?
No, that makes that, I mean it makes sense, right? And it's michigan, like a big enough state, but there's you don't need to be to travel much to get resources and things like that.
Yeah, because we, one of the, one of the main reasons I went to, I moved out to Oregon for college from Hawaii and like I love living there, you know, but being a non contiguous state is not a super good time forgetting like having resources and having, you know, things available to you. Um And that's one thing I've always like I love being here for is you can actually take like a drive, you know two hours we need to go to a city or something. And I grew up not even on the major island in Hawaii, so I was like okay two hours you can basically circle the island and then you're back. Not
quite that bad, but like in under four hours, you know
um couple months now I think. Not not a super long time. How
about you?
It's no it's such a good site and I think I wonder if it had anything to do with like quarantine and organizations trying to do more remote stuff, you know like outsourcing surveys more like I I don't know actually. Mhm.
No
it's it. But
give me your, what do you in your opinion, which one's the best? Yeah.
Is it? Really?
What?
I had no that's that's actually cool tonight. I might I'll try to look them up later.
Yeah I do.
Oh I just found it. This is oh that's it looks like a big subject. Right.
No
that's perfect. Thank you.
Yeah and then we like America right now we we get paid less type in so it's like under minimum wage. So it's definitely look for the look for the opportunities. Mhm.
Wait
a second. Yeah, it's a lot. Yeah. Go for it. Yeah. We have uh we're getting our window fixed today because it's been freezing in this house because we have 22 levels of windows in the outside, ones just like not attached and the Inside one has a crack in it been like
miserable
when we didn't even the problem because it's super nice here over the summer. And even in the fall we didn't notice until a couple weeks ago because it was like not cold at a couple of weeks ago. I was like the heating is just not working in my room and I realized like
we just like technically like barely have a window. Uh huh.
I had, it's really, it's really funny that you brought up Reddit of all things. I was having a conversation with someone earlier today and I, I literally just don't, I still haven't responded, I don't know how to respond to this because I made some kind of a reference to just like the whole site and he went, what's read it? And I had to describe it and then his response was, that sounds cool. And I'm like, I feel like I just have to let this conversation die. Like this is so clearly not going anywhere productive.
Like
what has such fun needs like different communities, you know that like people I just didn't know could
be put in one
place.
Mhm. There's one um there's this subreddit called fat squirrel hate and it's literally just people like making fun of fat squirrels that they see. But every okay, every post on there is like ironically marked NsFW for like, you know, it's like two fat of a squirrel to be safe for work. I thought so every time I comment on that my comments get flagged and I'm like, I literally, it's just a squirrel, leave me alone.
So what else? What else do you do when you're when you're not working?
Yeah, that makes sense. What kind of music do you listen to and sing
Truth? I'm hurt. I love country. That's like, that's my favorite genre.
But
but
it makes
sense,
No, that makes
makes
total
fun,
you know? That makes total sense. Yeah. And I I'm also I'm not I feel like I've listened to some grunge, but I haven't been ever been fully into it, you know? Because a couple years younger, but like more in the early, early to mid two thousands, like a version where like just kind of turned into email was
my
I listened
to, I've never like really gotten into them, but I've listened to a couple albums and I remember liking them a lot. So I might go back to The Doctor this Call.
Mm Do you do you sing Grand to do you like covers? So do you write your own stuff?
Mhm. Very cool. I was
no, that makes so I was because I was trying to imagine, I feel like people who sing that genre of such a specific voice, you know, like it's real hard to switch over like between. Its just, especially with like the difference in tone and stuff, you know, it's not just like register. Yeah. Mhm.
No, that makes total sense. I'm
I love, I, I didn't, I've always loved like the Beatles, but I didn't really start listening to them more until last year or so. And I just um I haven't, I haven't gone to the whole discography or anything, but
impossible.
I
Yeah, that makes total sense. What was the like, I mean, I know like everyone nationally which is paying such close attention to michigan for the election. What was the like energy like there while that was going on? Because it sounds, it seems like the super stressful.
I see.
Mhm,
No, I agree totally. I mean, there's some, um, I saw this crazy staff that was Georgia. It was so close. Right? And it was like
if
and
crazy. Right. Yeah. And I read this thing that was saying if, I mean, no one knows how the recounts going to go, but if they just take the votes at face value, if trump had handled coronavirus better and I'm fewer americans have died, he would have won, he could have won Georgia because that he more republicans died in Georgia. Um, that would have made up the gap between how, if you like, you know how many republican votes they lost by, which is just crazy to think about.
I saw
that.
I think
Arizona
to yeah.
What?
No.
I,
I want
to,
Especially if you're in michigan work for some reason he's decided that that's like the state he's going to target, you know it?
100%.
I
mean
the
dynamics,
No.
yeah,
exactly, and it's for me, my thing is I'm on the same page and I think like Bernie and Yang had some great policies, I don't know if they'll ever, I just, I'm realistic about it where I don't think they'd be president anytime soon, but the
fact
that you know the
fact that like
yeah, but you know, and like the fact that they're not, they haven't been, I mean, I hope they get some kind of congressional or some, you know, like they can get to a cabinet position or something just to have their perspective heard, right, because even if you don't agree with them, they should, there are so many progressives in this country who want change like that, you think there'd be some way of getting getting their opinions closer to the top because I mean biden violence, democrat, you know, but he's not he's not liberal, you know? You
know what I mean?
isn't
he's
like 2% more socialist than trump and trump zero, you know? It's not it's not
It's
Well, and it's the amount of misinformation my thing is I will always respect a well educated voter, even if I don't agree with them, you know, if they if they've done their research and they came to a different conclusion than me, you know? Okay, fair enough, right. It's
the people who I feel bad, but I'm also like you gives the capability to google stuff, you know, when they're just spouting
things that are fundamentally not true. Like this isn't even like this shouldn't even be a debate. One of them just like the truth and one of them is not, you know, so like exactly trump's tax policy where it was harming the middle class and people are like, no, that's that's bite it or that's, you know, that's a bomb. I'm like, you saw him pass this, come on. You know, if you're if you're okay
with
that, Yeah, I'm like, if you're okay with him harming the middle class and raising their taxes, I don't agree with you. But fair enough. At least you know what's going on,
but
Yeah. No 100%.
No, it's ridiculous. It's I'm
in the exact
same position.
Alright, awesome thank you know, no
100%.
Well and one of the things that things that like it makes so so much ironic sense is how, well I have a couple friends in china and they're just like everyone, everyone was demonizing them at the beginning right now. You look at china, they're doing overall fine
And you look at American, it's like there was some crazy last year, there was before all of this hit, there was some kind of a ranking of like countries that we're best prepared for a pandemic and it was done by some kind of by, I think it was done by an American organization. They're like, Oh us is number one and China's like number
100
or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Well that's, you know what's been crazy here because Portland is super liberal, right? I mean I'm sure you've
lost
some
of that stuff.
When we actually all um now all like small quantities of all drugs are decriminalized, which I
think is awesome. Like the max, if you're, if you're caught with like a non sellable map, basically the max, you get charged as 100 bucks for fine and it's not felony or anything, which I think is great, like something
like that. Yeah.
It didn't.
Well no, it's
and that's
And
it's not like the war on drugs, fixed drug addiction. You know, you
can look at the people, it's like Okay we've been doing this for what, 40 years now and how much has changed, like nothing things have potentially gotten worse than it's.
Because
if you're, you
know,
Yeah and it's you know like the the opioid epidemic right now, it's like if you it's been so demonized that a lot of people don't want to come forward and say, hey I have a problem because it's, you know, it's it's so illegal that you could face real consequences. You know, you could your life could get destroyed versus like look at, you know like alcoholics right? The the system in place for that is I mean there's still a lot of stigma obviously but you know there are, you can say, oh I go to alcoholics anonymous and that that's not a thing that immediately makes people not want to talk to you, right?
No it's ridiculous. Yeah and it just made, it made me um when when trump was I don't know if you paid attention that that um when he was, I think it was when he was talking about the stuff going on in michigan, he basically said, yeah, like, um, michigan and Oregon or some of the terrible states because he, and he told his the proud boys with like a militia group, right? So like standby in Oregon, it's like, I just, it makes for me, I was kind of funny for two reasons. One of like, okay, you know, the president of the United States is telling a white nationalist group, like, yeah, you know, stand by for me, the other one, which I think a lot of people outside of work and don't realize this, they're just always here, like he's trying to word it is like, oh, I'm summoning my groups like, yeah, kind of, but like, that's just like a part of the Oregon landscape. You know, we have like a crazy number of white nationalists and stuff. And so whenever there's national media coverage, I'm like, oh, a group came into Oregon to protest, I'm like, no, that's like a problem. You know, this isn't like a new thing, this is just kind of like their endemic here. Yeah.
I'm
not
Well, especially since it's an actual swing state because here people were mega hats and stuff. But I think it's more statement than anything because you know, it's like you're there's no way Oregon's turning red so it's fine if you want to make
exactly. But that makes total sense that michigan you have to be a little more careful because there's a real potential that the people around you are going to have you as a threat just
No.
Yeah, that makes total sense. I mean, it checks out from the little bit I know about michigan. Well, perfect. I think we're at time. What was your, what was your name?
Laura laura lee. Yeah,
thank you.
It's um from back in Hawaii we have, do you know what Hawaiian lei are like the flower and flower lei?
It's
Oh no, it's all good. It's like a thing in Hawaii you make, it's basically a necklace made out of fresh flowers that you give to people when they come and visit and stuff. And so my grandparents have a lay farm where we grow flowers and make those. They just tack that onto the end of the name
Good.
No, I'm so, I'm going back next month and I'm, I'm so excited to be where it's warm for. I mean organs not even that cold. Right. That's still like just not not being somewhere.
No. Exactly. Well, it's been really great talking to you. I hope you have a great rest of your day.