SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay, mm. Yeah you might be like hello, wow. Uh huh Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hi there, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Pretty good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Not bad, not bad at all, it's sunday afternoon. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Sam.
SPEAKER_L: And in my area it's nice and sunny, it's cooler. Yesterday it was really pretty, but today it's cooler but the sun is shining so you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the weather has been nice. It's been enjoying some nice fall weather. It's been pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes, how about you? How is the weather over there?
SPEAKER_R: I'm located in Michigan, so um were surprisingly seeing pretty warm. Others still remember usually around this time starts getting pretty cold, but we've been pretty fortunate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in New York and uh I don't know, like yesterday it was like 78° and today it's contribute only 60. Uh but you know, I can take it as long as uh as long as it's given to us, right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's that's good weather though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so have you done this before? Is this your first time or?
SPEAKER_R: I've done two of them before. Uh Actually I had one yesterday, but the person I was waiting for it wasn't there, so I had to reschedule it again. This
SPEAKER_L: this is my second
SPEAKER_R: is my second
SPEAKER_L: time too.
SPEAKER_R: sight
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: didn't.
SPEAKER_L: yesterday, the I met the person and we had a good conversation about 25, minutes, it went 12 and then I signed up for a few more and around. Like just just 20 minutes ago, I saw the email saying that your time has started. I said, Oh I'm not even like I was like working on some chores around the house and I said let me try, if somebody comes up, I might just, you know, talk and if not then that's fine too. I wasn't really prepared for this because I signed up for a bunch of different times and I believe So, so I'm glad you showed up. And so we have what, another 25 minutes to kill. Um you know, we can we can talk about simply anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're pretty easy chats for the most part really.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean yesterday, like like I said yesterday was my first time and I thought like they haven't given us any topic
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or they haven't
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: told us, you know what
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: to expect.
SPEAKER_R: just great for cats, pretty much. That's what they've always mentioned. Just kind of say whatever. Pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. And I said like, okay, I mean I can make that small conversations you know just like a water cooler for conversations at work. Also you know we we talked to so many people at work. I said like yeah I can do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's pretty cool that they're doing these during the pandemic. I think it's something to do with that because I noticed these like throughout the pandemic, I've never seen any of these before that. So I think like the research is something to do with uh probably isolation or something trying to see how people handle in isolation I guess because most people are still in pretty strict stay at home orders. Uh It's new york still under shelter. I know they were for a long time because I got I got a buddy who lives in Long Island. I've been a Long Island as well. I went last year my sister we went to
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the event out there, we had a pretty good time. We like to the area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean we are not like completely like uh shut down load. They have been opening opening up like by by the face. So it's it's like Phase five. So that means indoor dining restricted theaters. You know like if you go to what if you want to watch a movie you can you can go now but you know not that many people. I mean it's like watching a movie is not like something it's a priority for most people, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think they closed all the movie theaters down over here, unfortunately. No one of them by my house, they hated that one out back in March, so I'm pretty sure they probably just close them down, we probably can't afford the rent on it anymore or something.
SPEAKER_L: Right right. So you know, so basically it's it's kind of like low key people are taking as much precaution as they can. Um I'm working from home for like almost last 67 months now. I tried to
SPEAKER_R: I've been working from home as well. It's honestly been pretty nice. I think for the most part I have kind of like that aspect undoubtedly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean there is a flexibility and you can get work done, but I do like that structure to the day, you know, like you get up in the morning, get ready to go to work and now that you work from home, it's like flexibility as long as you can get work done. So I missed that structure basically.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I see what you mean. Yeah, having the structure is nice for sure for me. I just like working on my own time that, you know, I can pick it up later, finish it off like it's just super committee and I think Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so I mean and tomorrow is like a holiday. So I was just working around the house just getting some things lined up. My daughter is in college, she is taking her classes online and she doesn't have a break tomorrow typically, you know this weekend is there? Um I think a homecoming week, but they are not doing this this year, but but since she's taking classes online, she's home. So she has a test actually, she's working in another room on her for on her test. So I said okay let me let me try with this. If this somebody shows up I'll just chat around and you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's pretty easy money. Uh yeah. How long have you been with prolific? I've been with them for a couple of years I think. Three years and years.
SPEAKER_L: no, for me it's pretty new. Um Maybe like since last august and I I accidentally found out, I mean I don't even know about this, so I accidentally found out on one of
SPEAKER_R: paul.
SPEAKER_L: one of the message boards and I
SPEAKER_R: Reddit
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: or something,
SPEAKER_L: uh no I um it was money moustache, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I've heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: that like a blog post thing or something?
SPEAKER_L: no it's a message board and it's it's about investing retirement, you know if anybody wants to invest in real estate, kind of like a um you know personal finance type of website. And I tend to go there because definitely in the next 78 years I want to retire and I want to get my, you know, finances together. So so that's where I saw, I said, oh okay, let me go and check. And I signed up. And I started while I was like waiting there and looking around, I got like two or two studies basically and I said let me do that. And they were interesting, you know, they were like all
SPEAKER_R: Also, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: funder, they were like, you know, full for
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: card.
SPEAKER_R: academic studies, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's like kind of mixed studies and they were like really good. I said like my daughter is in college, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: finished college, God only knows so long.
SPEAKER_R: Whoa,
SPEAKER_L: Uh So it's kind of like, you know, it's like giving back time and being part of some study maybe in the future my opinions might matter in a in a in a study. So it's it's good to do. And of course, I mean the money
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: year.
SPEAKER_L: hurt at all, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Especially now with the pandemic everybody's heard and really? I think a lot of people are saturated into this kind of work because of the. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So so so I started
SPEAKER_R: Fuck
SPEAKER_L: with that, so
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: every day I typically get like three or four service. I mean not not
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. You do pretty well then. Yeah I get I get periods or I don't get anything then sometimes I I get you know multiple ones, it's just so random. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean there are days
SPEAKER_R: There are
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: they?
SPEAKER_L: I don't get anything at all like for example
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: friday I got like three but thursday I got like seven and they were like all lined up
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: already and I thought like I'm going to start with one and might, I might not even get all those because by the time you come back they are already gone. They fill up pretty quickly. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah they felt very fast. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right and so I started working on it. I finished one, there was still out there so I started working, I was able to finish all of them and I said no, today is like a lucky day today.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah I use a lot of the different sites um It sounds like you're probably just familiar with this one possible, but I use a bunch of them like I use an app called like quick thoughts. I've made like $1500 off that in like a year, so it's definitely become more than pocket change. And um yeah it's a pretty good app as well, it's you know gotta mean to other like bigger studies. Uh That's always like where it leads to get into a small study and maybe you get lucky get into a bigger study. I've used like that side of you swag bucks before. They're very well known. Uh That's
SPEAKER_L: I uh
SPEAKER_R: usually where most people start.
SPEAKER_L: which one you you mentioned? Because this is the only one I know. And I actually found out some uh, 2020 or opinions or something like 2020. But that, that's
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. 2020 research. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: I've never gotten any anything with them. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: And I said, I
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: do those.
SPEAKER_R: surveys are too specific I think.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. And then I said like I'm not even qualified most of the time I fill up all these questions and then they say, oh, you are not qualified. I said that what's the point? I mean I spent like last 15 minutes, you know, working on them and then all of a sudden screen pops up and says that, oh, you are not qualified. So I typically don't bother with them. But looks like you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they're very specific.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it looks like you have been doing pretty good with these.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've done pretty good. I use another cycle like user interviews which is kind of like that where you do like a one on one chat with like a research or something. I look into those honestly like I'm only 25 but I have a lot of like where life experiences and it's almost like I'm older than my age really, I'm almost more like in my forties, the kind of stuff that I went through and experiences, I've had like I get a lot of words studies on there. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I will tell you one thing, the maturity always helps no matter what your age is. And if you're saying you are 2025 my daughter is 20 and I can see like, you know, I sometimes, you know, I want her to grow up a little bit, you know this morning I was telling telling her, you know, once you're on your own, you need to take care of things, you can just be waiting for me to, you know, To give you like breakfast. Like she was like, it was 11:00 and she didn't even have breakfast, she had to study for this test and she said like, Oh I'm hungry, I haven't even had breakfast, I said like who's going to take care of you after? Like, you know, you're on your own, you need to grow up a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, you're definitely right. It's it's a tough world out there for sure. Um Yeah, I mean, I'm in a Syrian right right now where I'm basically supporting three people, I'm supporting myself, my mother and my sister. So yeah, I don't have a whole lot of breathing room here, but it's something you got to get up every day and you know, do this obligation myself, obligation my family.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, you should feel proud of
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: yourself
SPEAKER_R: all the time.
SPEAKER_L: at 25. If you are taking care of all this, then definitely something that is uh that is uh commendable, you know like it it's really good for 25 year old for to have that kind of responsibility and it it's it's a setting up a good example for the millennials, you guys are like the the future of the future of this country I would say you know and having a stable head on your shoulder is extremely important, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Well, I didn't really have much of a choice with the whole situation. Like uh my dad died when I was 21, so I kind of had to step up to the plate. It was kind of like either do this or you're homeless and well, you know, why would I wanna be homeless and frigid cold state? So
SPEAKER_L: No I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: I know it's more
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: like the situation was swung over my face pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: right, but I'm sorry that you have to have to go through that at such a young age and uh but you know there is a there is a will, there is away and one stop, you can talk about responsibilities and how you can face it all day long, but when it actually falls
SPEAKER_R: On
SPEAKER_L: under your shoulders, that's
SPEAKER_R: next
SPEAKER_L: where you are, real test is you know how you are going to survive that and how you're going to come ahead As a, as a winner. And that is what it matters at the end of the day. And if you are doing that at the age of 25, definitely pat on your back, you know uh saying that, Oh, you know, your mom must be really proud of you, I can tell you that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think she's pretty proud of me. Uh there's definitely been ups and downs in my life for sure. But yeah, my my mom is a great parent, you know, she's always been there for me. Uh I mean, obviously, you know, I had my my dad for portion of my life, but even then it's like he was, you know, not always around, kind of, so it was kind of almost always I was in like that one parent situation kind of thing. And so I identified, you know, so well with a lot of those other stories of like the single parent household, because it's almost like I grew up in one of those kind of walk
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: cannot,
SPEAKER_L: what do
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: they say?
SPEAKER_R: are they
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: saying?
SPEAKER_L: uh if you got
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: lemons, like how you need to learn how to make a lemonade out of those, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you learn how to make lemonade. Yeah, definitely. Right, because
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: just taking the situation and making what you kind of
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: it um I mean I'm definitely humbled in ways for sure, just even when I read things online and you know with, you know, how work is right now with everybody and I'm fortunate to even just be able to be in a position where I have a job, there's so many people that have families and you know, their kids are homeless right now and it's just what we're seeing in this country right now is just, you know, ludacris and I'm
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: sure a lot of people are expected this, so it is definitely nice and it's definitely humbled me for sure to see that any stability
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: but nice for sure
SPEAKER_L: I mean, nobody, nobody ever dreamt of going
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: through this because uh when we talk about flu, people talk about, oh, you know like in the early 20th century, this was like flu was a panda Macon. We only heard about it and we only read about it and now that we are we are experiencing something like that and this is in my in my lifetime for the first time and you guys are younger, like my daughter or you and when you guys are have experienced that way too early in your lifetime and it it's tough and it's kind of like, you know how to deal with it. You don't know because you don't just don't have any answers uh that we can we can, you know, base our thought process on that, you know that it's stuff we just have to make the most of it and stay positive and uh look, look to the brighter future. I mean that's how I I are. My my thing is just stay positive. Anybody can catch it, anybody can die. I mean, there is, there are no guarantees that the virus doesn't spare anybody rich or the poor doesn't matter.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're definitely right about that. Yeah, it's gotten, it's kinda like some famous people for like I remember reading something about like some rich like spanish actress or something dying from it. I didn't know she was but yeah, I remember hearing about it's like wow, it's crazy. It's not discriminate gets everybody. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's just scary out there. Yeah and uh I mean I just take care of it, I have a couple of underlying health issues so try to make sure that I just recently diagnosed with type two diabetes and that is one of the
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to hear that, wow, that's pretty tough.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and uh and I was thinking like how, I mean that that's because of the genes my dad had it and because as far as eating and uh you know exercise and all that, I do make sure that I work out very like you know three or four times minimum and eat well and try to you know like have some uh handle on it like because of that then uh it was going up the last couple of years, I mean my doctor was kind of like watching it and then uh early this year april may timeframe, she said you know what you need to get on the medication because we watched it and even if with all the diet and exercise and everything, it's still not, it might blow out of proportion, might as well like you know, put it put under control, it is just one pill a day, but uh you know that that can cause an issue with the with the covid because that is one of the, one of the criteria that they say that it's like one of the underlying uh if anybody has that, then you just have to be careful, so I try to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm basically that center as well. My mom has hyperthyroidism so uh that jeopardized immune system, she has hashimoto's so uh definitely got to be careful with her. I mean I'm on a pretty strict uh stay at home order. I'm really only been going out to get groceries and back home, so it's not like I'm around a ton of people or something and always really careful. I was wearing a mask, you know the social distance and came pretty easy to be honestly Uh not really that hard, I've always kind of been you know a little bit introverted, well I mean I kind of grew out of it, I was more shy when I was when I was younger at this, I wouldn't really stand a full on extra or anything, I'm like the half and half like when they say like you have qualities of both of them, I'd say that that's what I am really.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you seem very approachable, I mean you're easy to talk to and I don't find you into what at all, you're you're kind of like, okay, I mean you can talk to anybody that type of personality, which is a good thing, you know.
SPEAKER_R: I've been told yeah, I got that kind of personality type. Yeah, I just I just always try to listen to what people are saying and you know just try to understand where they're coming from and you know put myself in the shoes or you know just listen to other people saying it's always important thing I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know, see this is how I, I look at it. It doesn't cost a penny to be nice to other people. Might as well be nice to other person.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and so many people in this day and age are so wicked and evil doing one another. You know, I I don't like this whole, you know pit against us, you know, that's not civilization, it's not humanity. You know, we're not supposed to be against each other, It's supposed to be unified, you know, it's really sad and to see everybody, you know, against each other, you know? But they're being kind of doggy dog out there.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm, yep, yep. And God has given the ability to speak. My dad's will make sure that we use it, put it to good use and not like uh use it for bad things. You know. So that's, that's how I look at it. All these animals, they can't speak and they are so humble and we use them as a bad, they don't use us as a fact. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's funny you bring that up. I love my animals. I have two cats. Uh yeah, they're great. They almost like support animals really like it's crazy like how empathetic and you know, unconditionally loving. They can be, you know, you're definitely right on that point with the animals, you know, they just truly love you and there's no alternative motive or reason behind it. It's just, you know, they know you're you're their owner and you can protect them and you know, they love you. I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: love animals. Honestly, I've always, I've always loved pads
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And there is
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: no expectation they just eat when you feel them. They are around when they were you want them. I mean they're always around and they are always like you can, they can be a great support system. Like so many people.
SPEAKER_R: they are for sure, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm And they become like a family and all that. So, so definitely we should not take our uh, what do you call like a poor upper her upper hand over anybody. That's how I look at it. You know, God has given a certain abilities. Make sure we put them to good use and not abuse them. That that's my my things that so many people do not understand. They take everything for granted. And then that arrogance come in, come in their lifestyle and it just ruins uh ruins lives around around people that you are. Uh you're around whoever your family or you are. That's not, that's not a good thing. Good thing to live your life basically.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I, I definitely agree with that sentiment for sure. A lot of just a lot of things in general, just generalized health, mental health. A lot of that is based on how you think and how you react to things and what kind of an outlook you want to have on things like you can choose to be angry, could choose to be mad or, you know, it's a choice. Ultimately. You're definitely right.
SPEAKER_L: yep, yep. And we, we have the ability to think, might as well uh you know, think wisely and not uh not act as a stupid person, you know, So yeah, definitely,
SPEAKER_R: You're very insightful though. Your daughter is very fortunate to have you as a mother, I think.
SPEAKER_L: I mean she she does say that she she's a good child, I would say that she has her blinkers on and she does listen, but I mean being a 20 she she has her days and you know, she doesn't uh in her own mind, so she she's a good child, I would say like for most part, but you know, there are a couple of things that I let her you know, okay, I don't mind, you
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: know, do whatever you want, you know, hanging out with friends and then doesn't care about the test is coming or a project is due, so time management skills kind of like some sometimes it's an issue but you know, you you you have to
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: pick
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to pick
SPEAKER_L: choose.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes you, I mean you are a mother and uh sometimes you let let's certain things fast, you know, okay. I mean this is the only time she's going to have fun once When she graduates and gets a job then uh then it's it's like a rat place. You know, you just have to work for the next 30, 40 years and uh you won't have much time. So, so I kind of like, Okay, I mean I'm not like a too strict of a mother and but I do keep keep a watch. You know, I do keep an eye who her friends are, what she's doing, how much time she's spending on the phone and you know, typical, typical. And I want to have her make smart decisions that the decisions that she should not regret later in her life because you know, once the time passes and when you look back you would think, oh I wish I had wish I had done that, I wish I had done this. That regrets. Living with regrets is not a good thing. It's not a good feeling at all. So might as well put some time and efforts now rather than regret it later. That's what I think being being older person, you know when when you turn 50 plus than then then you don't have time on your side because you've already lived your life half of your life given you are going to live 100 that is not for everybody, you know? So if I'm going to say for example, if I'm going to live on this 80
SPEAKER_R: For anything
SPEAKER_L: and if I'm already 52
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: then then I'm done already. Like what? Like 60% of my life is gone. Ah So that she's being 20 I said that time is on your side make the most of it now so that you don't have to regret it later. That's that's my and she does listen to it but you know being a 20 sometimes you know oh I have so much, why do I have to like a couple of days ago she went apple picking with a couple
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty
SPEAKER_L: of her
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: friends. So and she got like a huge big bag of apple like it's so big you know and I said what are we going to do with these apples? And before she left I told her we don't eat and then we eat like one or two apples a day. I mean it's not like a big huge and I don't make apple pies and all that. I said like that And then she came home with two big bags of like 60 bucks of apples. As you'd like I
SPEAKER_R: It's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: think those are like too many happens like it's just like, oh but like everybody was like, she she went with a group and she said like everybody was we're getting getting like all these apples. I said like yeah but you have to think for like how much you're going to use. You can't just like go with the floor. You know, you have to think with your own like, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Well, she could probably donate them like a food bank or something. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: that is what she she did go uh
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't I don't think anyone I love apples to but yeah I don't think I could eat that many
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: many.
SPEAKER_R: two a day if even that may be a little bit too much,
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, you know, I'm like apples and apples. I know like the doctors like they say like apple a day keeps the doctor away and all that. But you know how much can you eat? I mean it's not like just 11 food that's that's in the house. You know like you have so many other stuff and Actually got a $16 of apple. I never spent $60 on like one type of fruit.
SPEAKER_R: me neither. Yeah it's just a lot for sure while
SPEAKER_L: like so so that that judgment call is kind of like I think that will come as she grows and when when she starts making her own money then she will know like the budgeting comes in the picture because you only have so much money coming in and
SPEAKER_R: brian
SPEAKER_L: the money that goes out the list is like always endless, you know? But the coming incoming money you always and they have like a one flu, you know like when they get paid once or twice a year, once or twice a month. And but you have bills that needs to that that needs to be paid. So I think I think it will come to the age and experience, but you know sometimes like, you know like you have to grow up a little bit so you know.
SPEAKER_R: she sounds like she's she's pretty good kid honestly from from what I heard that story you know I'd say that that's not a whole lot of a lot of problems you know I was a bit of a troubled child, I hate to say it but uh my teenage years I was a little bit of italian I cause I cause some problems for for uh for my family and I was into some you know out there things kind of uh drugs unfortunately not really any bad drugs or something, you know, weed and you know, just basic stuff really. But yeah, I was a bit of a problem for for my parents, so uh hearing something like that is like that's that's really nothing in the grand scheme of
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: things. Uh
SPEAKER_L: know in
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: the grand scheme
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of things,
SPEAKER_R: very small.
SPEAKER_L: definitely it's nothing and like I said she's a good child and she she's she's all this like you know town wide like she goes and do all these activism you know activism eminences like um she she has like she when she was in high school she formed like a couple of clubs in the school like uh there is a there is a uh like a community organization in the town, she became part of it and she was working with them so much
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like you know like uh spreading awareness about substance abuse in school high schools like kids like you know alcohol drug abuse and all that. So she was
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: an organ
SPEAKER_L: was like all over the place, she would make these
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: banners and she actually had like a billboard competition, you know like how how you can say no to drugs no to alcohol abuse because a lot of parents, you know, they let their Children have parties at home because they think that their kids are going to go out and drink anyway, might as well they drink at home, but that's not that's not
SPEAKER_R: that's that's what I've always heard. Yeah, I had some friends uh growing up there like that as well as like, hey, at least you can watch the kid, we don't need to wonder what they're doing, who they're all with a kind of trouble. There
SPEAKER_L: but it
SPEAKER_R: is some benefit to that.
SPEAKER_L: right, But at the end of the
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: rates still
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: wrong
SPEAKER_R: seems wrong.
SPEAKER_L: You know like because you are still under age and you should not be doing that at that age and if parents are encouraging, that's that's not the right way to uh you know, so so she had like all these valuable competitions and uh spreading awareness in the school. Then she kept came up with like a survey questions in school. And she she like started like asking like, you know questions to uh questionnaire to all these kids in like she has her like her own own set of values and she knows like you know wrong things are wrong and good things are good and she has like a stable head on her shoulder but you know sometimes you know like you know I want to do this, I want to like live on my own. Like yesterday I was asking or like when you get your like real job are you going to spend like too much money on your like buying like extra wagon car you know or are you going to get like a nice reliable medicine is very good. She said no no you know what that is like a Tesla and that was like a Tesla pass and she's like look at that God I want to buy a Tesla as soon as I get a
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: job,
SPEAKER_R: expensive.
SPEAKER_L: those are very expensive. I said like that's not how you but you know like the kids, they
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: look at it and they said well I want to buy that. You know Apple Watch when she when she saw the
SPEAKER_R: bob?
SPEAKER_L: Apple watch, I wanted the Apple watch, the next best best thing. I said okay let's like, you know, so she she she is a tutor so she she makes little bit side of money on on like tutoring like a neighborhood kids. But I mean she doesn't get paid that much but she's saving
SPEAKER_R: He's
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: taking
SPEAKER_L: to get get an Apple watch. So so she's like a half way there. I said if you keep at it maybe I'll pitch in a little bit and then you can get your Apple watch, not for christmas, but we can think about getting it for thanksgiving, let's let's let's work on that. So so she she's excited about
SPEAKER_R: that's it.
SPEAKER_L: that. So she's a good child that stays
SPEAKER_R: the whole
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: thing,
SPEAKER_L: and there, which I'm not complaining, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: why I like sites like this, I think, you know, really does a good job of showing the value of money, you know, showing, hey, you know, I put in this much work to get in this much money because I think you're definitely right about that. I think a lot of younger people, you know, they just don't really understand the value of money. You know, they just kind of looking like, you know, I want that new iphone so badly. They're not looking at it like probably how, you know, more adults, older adults are going to look at where it's like, you know, hey, that's two days worth of wages, you know, for that, that new iphone or something. Um,
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I'm sure that's not how younger kids are thinking, like I said, you know, I'm more mature than my age for sure in that aspect. I mean, I splurge on certain things like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: I mean you have to live a little
SPEAKER_R: pair of headphones
SPEAKER_L: of course, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean you're you're making money, you have to live a little enjoy, I mean that's that's part of life and if you if you deprive
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: yourself too much then it is, it's like miserable living in the misery. That's not that's not how you live, but
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you need
SPEAKER_R: fine line.
SPEAKER_L: fine
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you don't
SPEAKER_L: line.
SPEAKER_R: wanna be too tight with your money but you don't want to be too frugal with it either, but you don't want to be too frivolous and you know spend on everything you see under the sun. Uh that's why schools now really, I remember in high school you never really talk much about budgeting and you know your income and expenses, you know I wish they would teach more of things in the real world but you know that you can apply because Then again the real world it's like when I turned 18 you know I mean I didn't go to college, we didn't have the money really, I had to go into work immediately. It was like you gotta go to work right now, you know we don't got time for college at all. So it's kind of you know one of those things you just have to have to step up to pretty much and do it right then and there. But yeah you know they really should teach something like that. They don't focus enough on like real world aspects and I think that's why you're seeing so many confused like young adults because you know they kind of just stuck in the real world and they're like you know have fun like it's a playground or something, you know a very serious business for sure. Um Yeah I would wish that they would teach more like financial like I took financial classes in school too. And um yeah they mostly never do really focus on like loans and mortgages knowing stuff that already knew about anyway. Really? Just the basic stuff yeah if you get a credit card uh you know pay the pay as much as you can on it each month, ideally pay the full amount. But it's they never taught anything about like budgeting or you know your income and
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: expenses
SPEAKER_L: I had
SPEAKER_R: and I think that's where so many people like went around really. I mean I'm lucky in that regard on discipline enough with money almost more on the other end of type type wit with his money
SPEAKER_L: That's good.
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: It will help you in the long run, you know, if not now,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: will say for a rainy day because I mean you never you never know what could
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Exactly,
SPEAKER_R: 11
SPEAKER_L: that's my
SPEAKER_R: health
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: problem pops up you want to be prepared for it for sure because I'm everything here is expensive pretty much. You know our medical, it just takes 11 bad medical emergency and you know you could be bankrupt so you always gotta
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: save for a rainy day for sure.
SPEAKER_L: No. And think about like 20 years down the road, you will end up with like, you know, a good amount of money that you can you can use it into your your uh you know uh when you get older, you know that that's too far away, but you know something, everybody is going to get older at some point, you know, and it's always good to be prepared and not like, you know uh oh my god, I should have done that, you know, that's that's that's the regret that I was talking to you earlier, that no, be prepared and be aware and just face the situation with the positive energy. That's that's how I look at it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yep. Same. It's a good outlook I think. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And on that note, I think we spoke quite a bit, it was very nice chatting with you and uh
SPEAKER_R: we could close it out. Yeah. We spoke for about 30 minutes, nice talking to you as well. Uh You seem like a really nice person. Uh
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I like a lot of, a lot of your values are pretty similar to mine honestly. You
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: know that's
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: why it's so cool. You know big age difference here and we share a lot in common that you know, you wouldn't necessarily suman first look. So that's why things like this are always so cool.
SPEAKER_L: great, I wish you luck and hopefully you will do really good in your life. Uh It was nice talking to you, so you have a great weekend,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah, you have a good weekend to, it was nice talking to you as well. Uh We wish the best for you and wish the best for your daughter's. Well you two both have fun.
SPEAKER_L: thank you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the bank