Hi.
Hey. Pretty good, how are you doing?
Sam.
Yeah, the weather has been nice. It's been enjoying some nice fall weather. It's been pretty nice.
I'm located in Michigan, so um were surprisingly seeing pretty warm. Others still remember usually around this time starts getting pretty cold, but we've been pretty fortunate.
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's good weather though.
I've done two of them before. Uh Actually I had one yesterday, but the person I was waiting for it wasn't there, so I had to reschedule it again. This
is my second
sight
to,
I
didn't.
Yeah, they're pretty easy chats for the most part really.
I
just
yeah, it's
just great for cats, pretty much. That's what they've always mentioned. Just kind of say whatever. Pretty much.
Yeah, I think it's pretty cool that they're doing these during the pandemic. I think it's something to do with that because I noticed these like throughout the pandemic, I've never seen any of these before that. So I think like the research is something to do with uh probably isolation or something trying to see how people handle in isolation I guess because most people are still in pretty strict stay at home orders. Uh It's new york still under shelter. I know they were for a long time because I got I got a buddy who lives in Long Island. I've been a Long Island as well. I went last year my sister we went to
the event out there, we had a pretty good time. We like to the area.
Yeah I think they closed all the movie theaters down over here, unfortunately. No one of them by my house, they hated that one out back in March, so I'm pretty sure they probably just close them down, we probably can't afford the rent on it anymore or something.
I've been working from home as well. It's honestly been pretty nice. I think for the most part I have kind of like that aspect undoubtedly.
Yeah, I see what you mean. Yeah, having the structure is nice for sure for me. I just like working on my own time that, you know, I can pick it up later, finish it off like it's just super committee and I think Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty easy money. Uh yeah. How long have you been with prolific? I've been with them for a couple of years I think. Three years and years.
paul.
Reddit
or something,
I don't know if I've heard of that.
Is
that like a blog post thing or something?
Also, yeah,
All
academic studies, Yeah,
I
Whoa,
one
year.
definitely. Especially now with the pandemic everybody's heard and really? I think a lot of people are saturated into this kind of work because of the. Yeah.
Fuck
that.
Oh wow. You do pretty well then. Yeah I get I get periods or I don't get anything then sometimes I I get you know multiple ones, it's just so random. Yeah.
There are
they?
How?
that's
Oh yeah they felt very fast. Yeah.
Right. Yeah I use a lot of the different sites um It sounds like you're probably just familiar with this one possible, but I use a bunch of them like I use an app called like quick thoughts. I've made like $1500 off that in like a year, so it's definitely become more than pocket change. And um yeah it's a pretty good app as well, it's you know gotta mean to other like bigger studies. Uh That's always like where it leads to get into a small study and maybe you get lucky get into a bigger study. I've used like that side of you swag bucks before. They're very well known. Uh That's
usually where most people start.
yeah. Yeah. 2020 research. Yeah.
I've never gotten any anything with them. Yeah
they're
surveys are too specific I think.
Yeah they're very specific.
Yeah I've done pretty good. I use another cycle like user interviews which is kind of like that where you do like a one on one chat with like a research or something. I look into those honestly like I'm only 25 but I have a lot of like where life experiences and it's almost like I'm older than my age really, I'm almost more like in my forties, the kind of stuff that I went through and experiences, I've had like I get a lot of words studies on there. Really?
Yeah. Yeah, you're definitely right. It's it's a tough world out there for sure. Um Yeah, I mean, I'm in a Syrian right right now where I'm basically supporting three people, I'm supporting myself, my mother and my sister. So yeah, I don't have a whole lot of breathing room here, but it's something you got to get up every day and you know, do this obligation myself, obligation my family.
But
all the time.
Yeah, definitely. Well, I didn't really have much of a choice with the whole situation. Like uh my dad died when I was 21, so I kind of had to step up to the plate. It was kind of like either do this or you're homeless and well, you know, why would I wanna be homeless and frigid cold state? So
I know it's more
like the situation was swung over my face pretty much.
On
next
Yeah, I think she's pretty proud of me. Uh there's definitely been ups and downs in my life for sure. But yeah, my my mom is a great parent, you know, she's always been there for me. Uh I mean, obviously, you know, I had my my dad for portion of my life, but even then it's like he was, you know, not always around, kind of, so it was kind of almost always I was in like that one parent situation kind of thing. And so I identified, you know, so well with a lot of those other stories of like the single parent household, because it's almost like I grew up in one of those kind of walk
cannot,
what
are they
saying?
Well,
Yeah, you learn how to make lemonade. Yeah, definitely. Right, because
it's
just taking the situation and making what you kind of
it um I mean I'm definitely humbled in ways for sure, just even when I read things online and you know with, you know, how work is right now with everybody and I'm fortunate to even just be able to be in a position where I have a job, there's so many people that have families and you know, their kids are homeless right now and it's just what we're seeing in this country right now is just, you know, ludacris and I'm
sure a lot of people are expected this, so it is definitely nice and it's definitely humbled me for sure to see that any stability
but nice for sure
what?
Yeah, you're definitely right about that. Yeah, it's gotten, it's kinda like some famous people for like I remember reading something about like some rich like spanish actress or something dying from it. I didn't know she was but yeah, I remember hearing about it's like wow, it's crazy. It's not discriminate gets everybody. Yeah.
I'm sorry to hear that, wow, that's pretty tough.
Yeah, I'm basically that center as well. My mom has hyperthyroidism so uh that jeopardized immune system, she has hashimoto's so uh definitely got to be careful with her. I mean I'm on a pretty strict uh stay at home order. I'm really only been going out to get groceries and back home, so it's not like I'm around a ton of people or something and always really careful. I was wearing a mask, you know the social distance and came pretty easy to be honestly Uh not really that hard, I've always kind of been you know a little bit introverted, well I mean I kind of grew out of it, I was more shy when I was when I was younger at this, I wouldn't really stand a full on extra or anything, I'm like the half and half like when they say like you have qualities of both of them, I'd say that that's what I am really.
I've been told yeah, I got that kind of personality type. Yeah, I just I just always try to listen to what people are saying and you know just try to understand where they're coming from and you know put myself in the shoes or you know just listen to other people saying it's always important thing I think. Yeah.
Yeah it doesn't
and so many people in this day and age are so wicked and evil doing one another. You know, I I don't like this whole, you know pit against us, you know, that's not civilization, it's not humanity. You know, we're not supposed to be against each other, It's supposed to be unified, you know, it's really sad and to see everybody, you know, against each other, you know? But they're being kind of doggy dog out there.
Yeah. It's funny you bring that up. I love my animals. I have two cats. Uh yeah, they're great. They almost like support animals really like it's crazy like how empathetic and you know, unconditionally loving. They can be, you know, you're definitely right on that point with the animals, you know, they just truly love you and there's no alternative motive or reason behind it. It's just, you know, they know you're you're their owner and you can protect them and you know, they love you. I
love animals. Honestly, I've always, I've always loved pads
and
they are for sure, definitely.
Right. Yeah. I, I definitely agree with that sentiment for sure. A lot of just a lot of things in general, just generalized health, mental health. A lot of that is based on how you think and how you react to things and what kind of an outlook you want to have on things like you can choose to be angry, could choose to be mad or, you know, it's a choice. Ultimately. You're definitely right.
You're very insightful though. Your daughter is very fortunate to have you as a mother, I think.
What?
You
have
to pick
it.
For anything
I think.
That's pretty
good.
It's a lot.
Well, she could probably donate them like a food bank or something. Yeah
I mean I don't I don't think anyone I love apples to but yeah I don't think I could eat that many
maybe
two a day if even that may be a little bit too much,
me neither. Yeah it's just a lot for sure while
brian
she sounds like she's she's pretty good kid honestly from from what I heard that story you know I'd say that that's not a whole lot of a lot of problems you know I was a bit of a troubled child, I hate to say it but uh my teenage years I was a little bit of italian I cause I cause some problems for for uh for my family and I was into some you know out there things kind of uh drugs unfortunately not really any bad drugs or something, you know, weed and you know, just basic stuff really. But yeah, I was a bit of a problem for for my parents, so uh hearing something like that is like that's that's really nothing in the grand scheme of
things. Uh
That's
that's
very small.
What?
That's
an organ
back.
that's that's what I've always heard. Yeah, I had some friends uh growing up there like that as well as like, hey, at least you can watch the kid, we don't need to wonder what they're doing, who they're all with a kind of trouble. There
is some benefit to that.
Nothing.
It
seems wrong.
Very
expensive.
what
bob?
He's
taking
that's it.
the whole
thing,
that's
why I like sites like this, I think, you know, really does a good job of showing the value of money, you know, showing, hey, you know, I put in this much work to get in this much money because I think you're definitely right about that. I think a lot of younger people, you know, they just don't really understand the value of money. You know, they just kind of looking like, you know, I want that new iphone so badly. They're not looking at it like probably how, you know, more adults, older adults are going to look at where it's like, you know, hey, that's two days worth of wages, you know, for that, that new iphone or something. Um,
I mean, I'm sure that's not how younger kids are thinking, like I said, you know, I'm more mature than my age for sure in that aspect. I mean, I splurge on certain things like
I have
pair of headphones
Yeah.
definitely.
it's
fine line.
Yeah you don't
wanna be too tight with your money but you don't want to be too frugal with it either, but you don't want to be too frivolous and you know spend on everything you see under the sun. Uh that's why schools now really, I remember in high school you never really talk much about budgeting and you know your income and expenses, you know I wish they would teach more of things in the real world but you know that you can apply because Then again the real world it's like when I turned 18 you know I mean I didn't go to college, we didn't have the money really, I had to go into work immediately. It was like you gotta go to work right now, you know we don't got time for college at all. So it's kind of you know one of those things you just have to have to step up to pretty much and do it right then and there. But yeah you know they really should teach something like that. They don't focus enough on like real world aspects and I think that's why you're seeing so many confused like young adults because you know they kind of just stuck in the real world and they're like you know have fun like it's a playground or something, you know a very serious business for sure. Um Yeah I would wish that they would teach more like financial like I took financial classes in school too. And um yeah they mostly never do really focus on like loans and mortgages knowing stuff that already knew about anyway. Really? Just the basic stuff yeah if you get a credit card uh you know pay the pay as much as you can on it each month, ideally pay the full amount. But it's they never taught anything about like budgeting or you know your income and
expenses
and I think that's where so many people like went around really. I mean I'm lucky in that regard on discipline enough with money almost more on the other end of type type wit with his money
unfortunately.
I
will say for a rainy day because I mean you never you never know what could
11
health
problem pops up you want to be prepared for it for sure because I'm everything here is expensive pretty much. You know our medical, it just takes 11 bad medical emergency and you know you could be bankrupt so you always gotta
save for a rainy day for sure.
Yeah, yep. Same. It's a good outlook I think. For sure.
we could close it out. Yeah. We spoke for about 30 minutes, nice talking to you as well. Uh You seem like a really nice person. Uh
I like a lot of, a lot of your values are pretty similar to mine honestly. You
know that's
why it's so cool. You know big age difference here and we share a lot in common that you know, you wouldn't necessarily suman first look. So that's why things like this are always so cool.
Thank you. Yeah, you have a good weekend to, it was nice talking to you as well. Uh We wish the best for you and wish the best for your daughter's. Well you two both have fun.
All