Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay, mm. Yeah you might be like hello, wow. Uh huh Mhm
Hi there, how are you?
Not bad, not bad at all, it's sunday afternoon. Uh huh
And in my area it's nice and sunny, it's cooler. Yesterday it was really pretty, but today it's cooler but the sun is shining so you know.
Yes, yes, how about you? How is the weather over there?
Yeah, I'm in New York and uh I don't know, like yesterday it was like 78° and today it's contribute only 60. Uh but you know, I can take it as long as uh as long as it's given to us, right,
Yeah, so have you done this before? Is this your first time or?
this is my second
time too.
I
did
one
yesterday, the I met the person and we had a good conversation about 25, minutes, it went 12 and then I signed up for a few more and around. Like just just 20 minutes ago, I saw the email saying that your time has started. I said, Oh I'm not even like I was like working on some chores around the house and I said let me try, if somebody comes up, I might just, you know, talk and if not then that's fine too. I wasn't really prepared for this because I signed up for a bunch of different times and I believe So, so I'm glad you showed up. And so we have what, another 25 minutes to kill. Um you know, we can we can talk about simply anything. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean yesterday, like like I said yesterday was my first time and I thought like they haven't given us any topic
or they haven't
told us, you know what
to expect.
exactly. And I said like, okay, I mean I can make that small conversations you know just like a water cooler for conversations at work. Also you know we we talked to so many people at work. I said like yeah I can do that.
But
Yeah I mean we are not like completely like uh shut down load. They have been opening opening up like by by the face. So it's it's like Phase five. So that means indoor dining restricted theaters. You know like if you go to what if you want to watch a movie you can you can go now but you know not that many people. I mean it's like watching a movie is not like something it's a priority for most people, you know.
Right right. So you know, so basically it's it's kind of like low key people are taking as much precaution as they can. Um I'm working from home for like almost last 67 months now. I tried to
Yeah, I mean there is a flexibility and you can get work done, but I do like that structure to the day, you know, like you get up in the morning, get ready to go to work and now that you work from home, it's like flexibility as long as you can get work done. So I missed that structure basically.
so I mean and tomorrow is like a holiday. So I was just working around the house just getting some things lined up. My daughter is in college, she is taking her classes online and she doesn't have a break tomorrow typically, you know this weekend is there? Um I think a homecoming week, but they are not doing this this year, but but since she's taking classes online, she's home. So she has a test actually, she's working in another room on her for on her test. So I said okay let me let me try with this. If this somebody shows up I'll just chat around and you know,
no, for me it's pretty new. Um Maybe like since last august and I I accidentally found out, I mean I don't even know about this, so I accidentally found out on one of
one of the message boards and I
said
uh no I um it was money moustache, it's like
it's
like
no it's a message board and it's it's about investing retirement, you know if anybody wants to invest in real estate, kind of like a um you know personal finance type of website. And I tend to go there because definitely in the next 78 years I want to retire and I want to get my, you know, finances together. So so that's where I saw, I said, oh okay, let me go and check. And I signed up. And I started while I was like waiting there and looking around, I got like two or two studies basically and I said let me do that. And they were interesting, you know, they were like all
funder, they were like, you know, full for
card.
it's like kind of mixed studies and they were like really good. I said like my daughter is in college, I
finished college, God only knows so long.
Uh So it's kind of like, you know, it's like giving back time and being part of some study maybe in the future my opinions might matter in a in a in a study. So it's it's good to do. And of course, I mean the money
doesn't
hurt at all, you know? So
Yeah. So so so I started
with that, so
every day I typically get like three or four service. I mean not not
mean there are days
that
I don't get anything at all like for example
friday I got like three but thursday I got like seven and they were like all lined up
already and I thought like I'm going to start with one and might, I might not even get all those because by the time you come back they are already gone. They fill up pretty quickly. Uh
right and so I started working on it. I finished one, there was still out there so I started working, I was able to finish all of them and I said no, today is like a lucky day today.
I uh
which one you you mentioned? Because this is the only one I know. And I actually found out some uh, 2020 or opinions or something like 2020. But that, that's
all
And I said, I
do those.
Uh huh. And then I said like I'm not even qualified most of the time I fill up all these questions and then they say, oh, you are not qualified. I said that what's the point? I mean I spent like last 15 minutes, you know, working on them and then all of a sudden screen pops up and says that, oh, you are not qualified. So I typically don't bother with them. But looks like you.
Yeah, it looks like you have been doing pretty good with these.
Oh no, I will tell you one thing, the maturity always helps no matter what your age is. And if you're saying you are 2025 my daughter is 20 and I can see like, you know, I sometimes, you know, I want her to grow up a little bit, you know this morning I was telling telling her, you know, once you're on your own, you need to take care of things, you can just be waiting for me to, you know, To give you like breakfast. Like she was like, it was 11:00 and she didn't even have breakfast, she had to study for this test and she said like, Oh I'm hungry, I haven't even had breakfast, I said like who's going to take care of you after? Like, you know, you're on your own, you need to grow up a little bit.
No, no, you should feel proud of
yourself
at 25. If you are taking care of all this, then definitely something that is uh that is uh commendable, you know like it it's really good for 25 year old for to have that kind of responsibility and it it's it's a setting up a good example for the millennials, you guys are like the the future of the future of this country I would say you know and having a stable head on your shoulder is extremely important, you know?
No I'm sorry,
I'm sorry
right, but I'm sorry that you have to have to go through that at such a young age and uh but you know there is a there is a will, there is away and one stop, you can talk about responsibilities and how you can face it all day long, but when it actually falls
under your shoulders, that's
where you are, real test is you know how you are going to survive that and how you're going to come ahead As a, as a winner. And that is what it matters at the end of the day. And if you are doing that at the age of 25, definitely pat on your back, you know uh saying that, Oh, you know, your mom must be really proud of you, I can tell you that.
You know,
what do
they say?
Like
uh if you got
lemons, like how you need to learn how to make a lemonade out of those, right?
Just
just
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I mean, nobody, nobody ever dreamt of going
through this because uh when we talk about flu, people talk about, oh, you know like in the early 20th century, this was like flu was a panda Macon. We only heard about it and we only read about it and now that we are we are experiencing something like that and this is in my in my lifetime for the first time and you guys are younger, like my daughter or you and when you guys are have experienced that way too early in your lifetime and it it's tough and it's kind of like, you know how to deal with it. You don't know because you don't just don't have any answers uh that we can we can, you know, base our thought process on that, you know that it's stuff we just have to make the most of it and stay positive and uh look, look to the brighter future. I mean that's how I I are. My my thing is just stay positive. Anybody can catch it, anybody can die. I mean, there is, there are no guarantees that the virus doesn't spare anybody rich or the poor doesn't matter.
I mean it's just scary out there. Yeah and uh I mean I just take care of it, I have a couple of underlying health issues so try to make sure that I just recently diagnosed with type two diabetes and that is one of the
yeah and uh and I was thinking like how, I mean that that's because of the genes my dad had it and because as far as eating and uh you know exercise and all that, I do make sure that I work out very like you know three or four times minimum and eat well and try to you know like have some uh handle on it like because of that then uh it was going up the last couple of years, I mean my doctor was kind of like watching it and then uh early this year april may timeframe, she said you know what you need to get on the medication because we watched it and even if with all the diet and exercise and everything, it's still not, it might blow out of proportion, might as well like you know, put it put under control, it is just one pill a day, but uh you know that that can cause an issue with the with the covid because that is one of the, one of the criteria that they say that it's like one of the underlying uh if anybody has that, then you just have to be careful, so I try to, you know,
you know, you seem very approachable, I mean you're easy to talk to and I don't find you into what at all, you're you're kind of like, okay, I mean you can talk to anybody that type of personality, which is a good thing, you know.
You know, see this is how I, I look at it. It doesn't cost a penny to be nice to other people. Might as well be nice to other person.
And
Mm hmm, yep, yep. And God has given the ability to speak. My dad's will make sure that we use it, put it to good use and not like uh use it for bad things. You know. So that's, that's how I look at it. All these animals, they can't speak and they are so humble and we use them as a bad, they don't use us as a fact. Right,
Yeah. I mean,
yeah. And there is
no expectation they just eat when you feel them. They are around when they were you want them. I mean they're always around and they are always like you can, they can be a great support system. Like so many people.
Mm hmm And they become like a family and all that. So, so definitely we should not take our uh, what do you call like a poor upper her upper hand over anybody. That's how I look at it. You know, God has given a certain abilities. Make sure we put them to good use and not abuse them. That that's my my things that so many people do not understand. They take everything for granted. And then that arrogance come in, come in their lifestyle and it just ruins uh ruins lives around around people that you are. Uh you're around whoever your family or you are. That's not, that's not a good thing. Good thing to live your life basically.
yep, yep. And we, we have the ability to think, might as well uh you know, think wisely and not uh not act as a stupid person, you know, So yeah, definitely,
I mean she she does say that she she's a good child, I would say that she has her blinkers on and she does listen, but I mean being a 20 she she has her days and you know, she doesn't uh in her own mind, so she she's a good child, I would say like for most part, but you know, there are a couple of things that I let her you know, okay, I don't mind, you
know, do whatever you want, you know, hanging out with friends and then doesn't care about the test is coming or a project is due, so time management skills kind of like some sometimes it's an issue but you know, you you you have to
pick
and
choose.
Sometimes you, I mean you are a mother and uh sometimes you let let's certain things fast, you know, okay. I mean this is the only time she's going to have fun once When she graduates and gets a job then uh then it's it's like a rat place. You know, you just have to work for the next 30, 40 years and uh you won't have much time. So, so I kind of like, Okay, I mean I'm not like a too strict of a mother and but I do keep keep a watch. You know, I do keep an eye who her friends are, what she's doing, how much time she's spending on the phone and you know, typical, typical. And I want to have her make smart decisions that the decisions that she should not regret later in her life because you know, once the time passes and when you look back you would think, oh I wish I had wish I had done that, I wish I had done this. That regrets. Living with regrets is not a good thing. It's not a good feeling at all. So might as well put some time and efforts now rather than regret it later. That's what I think being being older person, you know when when you turn 50 plus than then then you don't have time on your side because you've already lived your life half of your life given you are going to live 100 that is not for everybody, you know? So if I'm going to say for example, if I'm going to live on this 80
and if I'm already 52
then then I'm done already. Like what? Like 60% of my life is gone. Ah So that she's being 20 I said that time is on your side make the most of it now so that you don't have to regret it later. That's that's my and she does listen to it but you know being a 20 sometimes you know oh I have so much, why do I have to like a couple of days ago she went apple picking with a couple
of her
friends. So and she got like a huge big bag of apple like it's so big you know and I said what are we going to do with these apples? And before she left I told her we don't eat and then we eat like one or two apples a day. I mean it's not like a big huge and I don't make apple pies and all that. I said like that And then she came home with two big bags of like 60 bucks of apples. As you'd like I
think those are like too many happens like it's just like, oh but like everybody was like, she she went with a group and she said like everybody was we're getting getting like all these apples. I said like yeah but you have to think for like how much you're going to use. You can't just like go with the floor. You know, you have to think with your own like, you know.
that is what she she did go uh
that
many.
I'm like, you know, I'm like apples and apples. I know like the doctors like they say like apple a day keeps the doctor away and all that. But you know how much can you eat? I mean it's not like just 11 food that's that's in the house. You know like you have so many other stuff and Actually got a $16 of apple. I never spent $60 on like one type of fruit.
like so so that that judgment call is kind of like I think that will come as she grows and when when she starts making her own money then she will know like the budgeting comes in the picture because you only have so much money coming in and
the money that goes out the list is like always endless, you know? But the coming incoming money you always and they have like a one flu, you know like when they get paid once or twice a year, once or twice a month. And but you have bills that needs to that that needs to be paid. So I think I think it will come to the age and experience, but you know sometimes like, you know like you have to grow up a little bit so you know.
All
know in
the grand scheme
of things,
definitely it's nothing and like I said she's a good child and she she's she's all this like you know town wide like she goes and do all these activism you know activism eminences like um she she has like she when she was in high school she formed like a couple of clubs in the school like uh there is a there is a uh like a community organization in the town, she became part of it and she was working with them so much
like you know like uh spreading awareness about substance abuse in school high schools like kids like you know alcohol drug abuse and all that. So she was
she
was like all over the place, she would make these
banners and she actually had like a billboard competition, you know like how how you can say no to drugs no to alcohol abuse because a lot of parents, you know, they let their Children have parties at home because they think that their kids are going to go out and drink anyway, might as well they drink at home, but that's not that's not
but it
right, But at the end of the
rates still
wrong
You know like because you are still under age and you should not be doing that at that age and if parents are encouraging, that's that's not the right way to uh you know, so so she had like all these valuable competitions and uh spreading awareness in the school. Then she kept came up with like a survey questions in school. And she she like started like asking like, you know questions to uh questionnaire to all these kids in like she has her like her own own set of values and she knows like you know wrong things are wrong and good things are good and she has like a stable head on her shoulder but you know sometimes you know like you know I want to do this, I want to like live on my own. Like yesterday I was asking or like when you get your like real job are you going to spend like too much money on your like buying like extra wagon car you know or are you going to get like a nice reliable medicine is very good. She said no no you know what that is like a Tesla and that was like a Tesla pass and she's like look at that God I want to buy a Tesla as soon as I get a
job,
those are very expensive. I said like that's not how you but you know like the kids, they
look at it and they said well I want to buy that. You know Apple Watch when she when she saw the
Apple watch, I wanted the Apple watch, the next best best thing. I said okay let's like, you know, so she she she is a tutor so she she makes little bit side of money on on like tutoring like a neighborhood kids. But I mean she doesn't get paid that much but she's saving
up
to get get an Apple watch. So so she's like a half way there. I said if you keep at it maybe I'll pitch in a little bit and then you can get your Apple watch, not for christmas, but we can think about getting it for thanksgiving, let's let's let's work on that. So so she she's excited about
that. So she's a good child that stays
here
and there, which I'm not complaining, you know?
But
absolutely.
No,
I mean you have to live a little
of course, yeah,
I mean you're you're making money, you have to live a little enjoy, I mean that's that's part of life and if you if you deprive
yourself too much then it is, it's like miserable living in the misery. That's not that's not how you live, but
you need
fine
line.
good.
I had
That's good.
It will help you in the long run, you know, if not now,
but
Absolutely. Exactly,
that's my
point.
absolutely.
No. And think about like 20 years down the road, you will end up with like, you know, a good amount of money that you can you can use it into your your uh you know uh when you get older, you know that that's too far away, but you know something, everybody is going to get older at some point, you know, and it's always good to be prepared and not like, you know uh oh my god, I should have done that, you know, that's that's that's the regret that I was talking to you earlier, that no, be prepared and be aware and just face the situation with the positive energy. That's that's how I look at it,
yep. And on that note, I think we spoke quite a bit, it was very nice chatting with you and uh
thank you.
very
good,
great, I wish you luck and hopefully you will do really good in your life. Uh It was nice talking to you, so you have a great weekend,
thank you
the bank