SPEAKER_L: see. Sure. Help. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Hello. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, dolly?
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: I can't
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: quite hear you
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? Hold on. Mm My sound is on.
SPEAKER_L: one second. Hello? Okay. Sorry that was that was actually on my end. I I had some bluetooth wrong her duh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm going old school. Today is my trusty old apple headphones.
SPEAKER_L: You know that I was I was right there with you up until my wife got me my uh airplane or whatever. The little wireless ones. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm freaked out about those.
SPEAKER_L: white house. So
SPEAKER_R: Well it's great that we can maybe we can talk about that for a couple minutes. Um I don't know, just like having something wireless in my ears
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think,
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I guess
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten used to it. I mean our our cell phones or wireless, so I figured you know, anything else is not too big of a deal I guess. I can see how you could be a little wary of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but you like them?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Actually great because I went well when I did go to the gym, they were nice because you didn't have to bus around with not getting the wires untangled and and all that. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: When I use these, if I'm running, it's like a big pain. So I am right. I might. You're inspiring me to try them.
SPEAKER_L: But so if you don't mind, what part of the assumed us are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the U. S. Yeah, I'm in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it's what was it like 50° there right now?
SPEAKER_R: Gosh, I don't know. We had like yesterday um 40 mile an hour winds. I mean not all the time, but when gusts that were insane and Today it's much cooler. I think it's like 50 yesterday, it was like 72 sunny and then this like front came through and I'm only like, I feel like it affected me a lot because we had this event in our community garden um for Halloween, like socially distanced pumpkin decorating event and we had all these decorations and stickers and we had to like baton everything down because like bowls of water were flying off tables like it was so windy. But everyone who came like all these little kids who came were champs, they they just like you know, held their costume, got their stuff. It was really funny.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: It was so weird though with Covid because we all were masked up. So you know, no one recognized each other because everyone was in costume with a mask, like
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: not a whole face mask but their covid matt.
SPEAKER_L: right, adding another layer of mystery to the,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, exactly. Every day is Halloween. Was Covid.
SPEAKER_L: are you do you work or you? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am self employed. Um I am a graphic designer and I worked from home pre Covid, so
SPEAKER_L: Or so
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: no change.
SPEAKER_R: part of my life is not that different. Yeah. How about you? Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am in Houston texas, So it's not quite as cool there or as it is here, it's things like today is the high is like 85 or so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm so jealous. I love summer,
SPEAKER_L: Houston would be a great spot for it. 100° for a month on end. It's uh it's not uncommon. I'm not a fan. I actually, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: live I've
SPEAKER_R: will.
SPEAKER_L: lived here all my life and I'm like, yeah, I would I would love to like not have 100 degrees when it at any point, it's just so humid
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: and hot. I don't know, it's
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: so much the heat, it's the humidity here and you're so water and it makes it unbearable. So although
SPEAKER_R: Well we
SPEAKER_L: the ndp I think sub
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: zero degrees you guys have in Chicago sometimes, so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, not as much as we used to. I mean I'm from originally from the midwest from michigan, so I mean I grew up like we would make igloos in the winter and we would, my dad would make like an ice skating rink in our backyard. I mean it was cold in the winter, but the past few winters we've had these like those times when the polar vortex swoops down and it's like 30 degrees below zero, but that's for like two days or something. So, But in general it's been pretty mild. I mean nothing like when I was a kid and there was like two ft of snow on the ground. I mean that was the best.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I'm gonna say it's like that's that's not a bad thing
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: to have.
SPEAKER_R: that was amazing because winter was cold, but you had like snow all the time. So it was really fun if if like a family like to be outside in the snow, there were tons of things to do. It could like cross country ski and build stuff so that was great and I feel like I missed that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess I don't, for for me I think I've seen seen snow
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: maybe 30 days or less in my entire life. So
SPEAKER_R: my that must be really So when you, you see it, you probably feel
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: happy.
SPEAKER_L: a new experience, right? Because you only so
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: very little
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: and in texas, I don't think I don't like snow sticks to the ground. You can see it following
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: maybe once every other year. But to stick to the ground, it doesn't happen again, we're just too close to the water and it just doesn't stick. So in texas, I've only seen it one time where it's stuck to the ground and you could actually like, you know, put it to make ice ball basically. Uh I've gone up to Kentucky to see snow, that was nice. But yeah, whether it's not uh whether it's not very different here and he's been it's just hot and humid. Okay. two days of cold weather, that's it. What season? Right, and live in Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah, we do. And my brother, he lived in California for a while near Los Angeles and it was really funny because when he went out there, my family, my parents and I were like, oh you love it, you know, it's sunny every day and he got sick of that. He like the weather coming from the midwest where we have this like four seasons, dramatic weather changes all the time. Um We also have like tornadoes you know it can be kind of bad too. But anyway he got sick of it and he I was wishing for thunderstorms and snow but now he and his family live in Seattle so at least they get rain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you get lots and lots of rain. Uh
SPEAKER_R: it's raining there now. Yeah the rainy season has started so
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: it's ringing.
SPEAKER_L: you travel for for work or for like personality?
SPEAKER_R: I don't really have to travel for work very often like once in a while um I work on museum exhibit projects and those will take me to other parts of the United States but I haven't had to do that in the past couple of years but I do go out there to see family. Um So I mostly go to the pacific northwest to Portland and Seattle.
SPEAKER_L: Are you are you in a seafood if you go out? Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah my brother fishes. So we have really awesome dinner as well while we visit and that's great.
SPEAKER_L: precious.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, Houston. I'm so embarrassed. It's Houston near the water kind of. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: It's like 60 miles out of the water,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then Dallas is like further up.
SPEAKER_L: correct? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to be like, whoa, I really don't know that much about texas.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah Dallas, Dallas gets more more snow type weather than Houston is just again were relatively close to the water. Yeah, but anyway uh yeah, so I guess you don't travel over, have you ever traveled overseas or? Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I used to actually live in italy. Um my boyfriend for like eight years was an italian guy and we went back and forth, but then I moved over there, so I lived on Sardinia. Um Yeah, that was amazing.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say like you could travel to a whole bunch of different countries within a day. I mean just right there so that my wife and I we went to for our belated honeymoon. We went to Greece and Italy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I like the pre uh it wasn't Rome, it was uh the romantic type of uh parts of Italy which I think the vast majority of Italy is. Hello? So
SPEAKER_R: We're near the, near the mediterranean, like near the ocean. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: it's gorgeous there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah we were I think the one scary part about it was when we were I guess caught leaving from the airport going to our hotel. We got a bus to take us to it and this bus was just going like yeah like going really fast and there is no older like years in the U. S. And it was like you miss a turn, you're going
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: off the cliff
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: what? Holy smokes, this is a whole different world out here but luckily and here I am still around but it was like, wow, this is, this is pretty crazy how, how, I don't know if impressive
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or scary they're driving is out there in ITaly.
SPEAKER_R: I know what you mean. Um I felt that way too when crossing the street because it's different like there aren't crosswalks everywhere so and I'm talking about more in like the bigger cities.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: but there were just these lines going across the street, like kind of like what we have and called the street, so the stripes, like you, you would just go out into the stripes and cars were supposed to stop and and I had a real problem with that
SPEAKER_L: It sounds like
SPEAKER_R: and where I was on Sardinia, so they had a lot of crosswalks like that because it was much smaller, like the capital city of Cagliari was really small compared to our cities here. So they didn't have crosswalks like they do in Rome and and my boyfriend would get so upset with me, he'd be like, go in the streets like it's okay. And I was like, and the cars would honk at me because I would go out really slow. They're like, come on, you know, it was
SPEAKER_L: heard,
SPEAKER_R: quite, quite stressful at times because culturally that was of course like there were so many other things, but that one thing I would always get stressed when crossing the street,
SPEAKER_L: okay. It is,
SPEAKER_R: how random.
SPEAKER_L: you know that's, that's, that's funny because I think the same thing, well I worked, so I worked at an accounting firm early on in my career and uh one of my things that I got to do is go to India course period and they're, your people are there, you're having, the street is crossed by pedestrians, bites,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: rickshaws, cars you house. So like a mix of everything and it was just like wait where, who goes when and where? It's just all kinds of, it's a big cluster of okay, whoever
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: goes goes, you say your prayers before you go because does that sound like oh my gosh! And and luckily we also had a driver and he was like always going these random house and was like hey Mohammed, how are you, where are you going? Was like shortcut Mohammed and he zoomed his roads and he was like holy cow, this is crazy. So
SPEAKER_R: it's like the only way to get someplace like on time we're close to on time,
SPEAKER_L: yeah he was he was great. I mean he he was always
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: on like like you say we need to we need to be picked up at 10 a.m. He was there at 9 55 or whatever and he was like all right, we're ready and put on your seatbelt and prepare for an adventure. So that's always been, it's a big culture shot when you go to a foreign country and I'm sure probably a culture shock, maybe not as much when you go to different parts of the U. S. But
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean I really missed traveling, I used to I've been going out to visit family mostly the last few years, but um I used to travel a lot more just for vacation, you know, and when I was in, when I went to Italy we would go on trips all the time that we're, you know, just a short flight away, so I went all throughout europe and um I really want to travel again because that culture shock is just so I love learning about other cultures and just trying to, I guess in my experience, like I was in a relationship so I didn't feel like a tourist, but I love just being part of the fabric of wherever I'm going and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: My wife is very much like you she she would she would envy your position of living in ITaly because we were out there, it's like he's a friend of ours, I think she lived out in France I think and she was just like all right this this weekend I'm going to this country next weekend, I'm going to this country and like it was like no big deal was like we have to make special plans to fly out to europe to actually go and do something whereas your every other weekend or whatever is you get to go to do this. So it's a
SPEAKER_R: that was kind of my old life. Now I'm in Chicago and my businesses such that I can't just like take off anymore. Mm which is good. But it's also, I don't know, I, I am in my early 40s and I'm just like, I wish I was in my 30s again because
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: it was a lot more free.
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, what?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's more more of a adventurous time when you were in your 30s.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. I mean, now I feel like I just have a lot more responsibilities and you know, that's fine. I'm adult ng that's not such a bad thing. But I miss traveling.
SPEAKER_L: You get more, you get more adult in time but you also get hopefully a little more income than you were when you're in your 20s and your team
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: room. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: it's, but it's just been, you know, with Covid, I'm actually supposed to go speaking of traveling. Um my brother and his family and me and my um sister in law's parents are supposed to go to peru in december and it's looking like we're not gonna be able to go because we were supposed to go to a um an echo, like a, it's an ecotourism package where we go to an actual national park and camp and then part of it is like being, doing research projects with Some of the people that live there. And it was this 10 day immersive kind of trip that we've been planning for a few years and Peru is completely closed and I think they're starting to open up a little bit, but with Covid, we're talking about just not feeling like being the first tourists in peru and I guess we won't be able to interface with people as much as we would normally. So we're thinking of postponing it. But yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: How did you find that out about? That Seems like an interesting type of trip to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we actually my my sister in law and my brother, um they did this trip about 10 years ago and they wanted to go back because they have an eight year old now and they thought it would be good for my niece too, you know, just have that experience. So I feel like, yeah, we found out about it. I mean I can send you the information if you want.
SPEAKER_L: It seems like something my wife would be like oh it seems like something we could do and we can knock off a country off the list of places we've been to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Peru is like, is incredible. I mean I've not been there but I can actually tell you, I can just tell you the name of the company and then you can look it up. That would probably be easier. Um Let me find an email about it second,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so we've we've tried to like knock off as much countries as we can but I think obviously we're in the U. S. So it's kind of hard to go over to europe and a lot of countries. So I think our our list of countries is sub 10. I think I've been to Mexico Canada china Hong kong Vietnam, India France, italy and Greece. I think that's the uh that's the extent of my international travel.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: amazing.
SPEAKER_L: did that in like a four month span.
SPEAKER_R: No, I've I've actually not been to um I haven't been to India or china or Japan Thailand. Um That's and I I would love to go go that direction and visit some of those countries next. But I feel like just in my life that things that are happening organically takes me like to south America and Mexico and and that's wonderful too. I mean I've I'm really excited to go to peru and I actually wanted actually to go to brazil and chile and Argentina those places too. But yeah um my one of my best friends is tie and she keeps telling me to like you know make a trip and we'll go over there and it's well I don't know how she can live in the United States being from there, it's so beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So it's actually really, I mean I'm sure I think Thailand and Vietnam are relatively similar in terms of like cost wise but it's so cheap to eat and like live over there. But I guess the trade off is you don't get the you don't get the healthcare quality
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: as you would in the United States. So I want to live over there, you take the health chance risk. But but it's so relatively
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: cheap because we went out there we we had like a dinner for three and it was like a full course meal that was in the US. dollars is like less than $10 total All over all three of us. So I was like that's just that's amazing. I want to live here now. You can live so nice. But then again it's the you're you're not sure if you're going to get the health care that you hope you can get here in the United States, you know, more work.
SPEAKER_R: I think for my friends um she came to the United States, she said she's actually my old business partner um to study design. And then she's actually a lesbian. And and in Thailand at that time When she she came to the US. second I think around 1995 and she um you know couldn't be gay in Thailand like it was not acceptable whatsoever. So that was kind of a reason why initially she left was just too kind of live in the way her heart was telling her to. And um I think now it's different. I mean we haven't really talked much about it but I think you know now
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: important.
SPEAKER_R: can different have different sexualities and stuff and it's culturally acceptable but. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think that all the Southeast asian type countries and or south asian countries are relatively similar in that aspect, where if you are not the norm, but you're frowned upon at that time. But I think it's like you said, it's gotten more, it's got more acceptable in in the society net current society's eyes. So that's good to see that everyone involved Truth.
SPEAKER_R: and I feel like you know it's so crazy what's going on in our country right now because so many people that come to the United States come here for the freedom, you know, it's it's a more open society and not only in the matter of sexual preferences, but just in regard to everything and now everything is so like, it's either one you're either red or you're blue, you know, And in actuality or all, somewhere in the middle, you know, most of us like.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I can't disagree with that at all. It's so crazy how how uh probably probably turns into a longer topic, but how pull This entire country is in. Like you said, if you're not read your definitely blue, but it's like you said, it's a whole mixture. I mean 300 plus million people here. Not everyone is going to fit in one of those two buckets. You've got a little bit of everyone in across the spectrum. So yeah, people are very polarized these days, which is,
SPEAKER_R: I know. It's crazy. I'm definitely like, try not to read the news as much. I mean it was really starting to stress me out. And I actually went when I visited my family, we went camping um like in a remote area. So our phones didn't work for like four days. And I felt like a new person when I was done because I hadn't looked at the news mostly because I hadn't looked at the news. It wasn't that it didn't talk to friends and stuff, but the news aspect of it, I realized how stressed out I was getting from that.
SPEAKER_L: uh we, we stopped basically, like when we, when Covid first started, it was all about the news for me and then I was like, okay, I'm getting burnt out on the news and Covid for the like the whole tensions that are going on. I was like, okay, I gotta stop watching it. Like you said, it's, it was like a drain on my happiness to just keep seeing. It sounds like they were going to just stop, I'm just gonna stop watching it. You can watch it but I'm not going to watch it. I'll just keep in touch with just in case like something crazy happens then, but I won't focus on it as much and that it's made life a lot simpler and like you said, maybe it's like a cleansing of uh news that you have.
SPEAKER_R: Right. So do you and your wife both work from home now,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I've been working from home for seven months now. Yeah, so I haven't that's crazy. I was like, I'm not worked at home this long in my entire career and I'm nearing 40 here. It's like holy smokes. Uh my wife actually heard companies uh I think they went back in like May, May or early june so that she's been back in the office food Like four months now, so it's like it's another day another going back in the office and no big deal. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like my friend to work in the office have protocols. Um, so it's safe, you know, it's, I don't, nobody I know is like contracting covid at work, you know, I feel like
SPEAKER_L: It's more
SPEAKER_R: it's just,
SPEAKER_L: than that,
SPEAKER_R: you know, if we all calm down and use common sense, we can get through this like, I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I think Houston was like a hot spot for a good while back in
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: or so july and august and my I don't know if you know anyone who's got caught Covid, but our neighbor had Covid and two of the daycare people caught covid like we have for our kids. But oh man, it's getting close. But that months and months ago I think it was made made when it was all that was going on. I haven't really heard of anyone who's like maybe maybe my circle is not as wide as before or just haven't heard anyone catching covid uh personal. I know the numbers say they are, but mm.
SPEAKER_R: I feel that way too. I mean I only know a couple of people that I garden with not in our garden, but in the like wider community gardening group that Like there were a couple there a couple in their 60s and the husband was like on a ventilator and he pulled through. So it was amazing. But you know, I'm in I live in the city and I feel like kind of surprised by the fact that I don't know more people that have caught it. So it's I feel really lucky like um you know, it's not that it's widespread, but I think things are kind of calming down here too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's good. Hopefully like like flu like where it blows up and comes on when it gets colder. But I think for us, if we're just I mean like you're saying common sense stay away from people don't don't be touching your face and all that stuff. Just don't do any of that. Keep away from people and you're, you should knock on wood, be good. But we just try to steer clear of people and we've been okay so far for 56 months.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's definitely like, I feel like, you know, even after we had our windy Halloween event in our garden, I mean people were just kind of naturally we had protocols, but people were really spreading out and we had stations that were really spread out and you know, each family could kind of stay together and go to each station, but you know, it was not that complicated to keep things safe and we were outside. So it was kind of a and it was very windy but I have hope you know that
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that we can do it
SPEAKER_L: well hopefully pull through this. So I think part, I think a lot of our time is up. I don't know if you can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I wanted to give you the name of the place in Peru. It's actually really easy. It's called Amazonia expeditions.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, let me, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: And I just want to check, I'm going to google it real quick just to see what it goes to to make sure it's what I want you. I am a zone uh expeditions. Yeah. So the website is Peru jungle dot com
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm looking at it now.
SPEAKER_R: and that's the that's the like lodge and Research center.
SPEAKER_L: This is, it looks cool. Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's really, I mean I'm not really a person that likes to do tours and things like that. But this place it's cool because they actually do a ton of conservation and then they weave tourism into it. But you basically like we have to do all this research and reading before we go there. Um If we go anyway, that's
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: the place.
SPEAKER_L: luck on that. How I'm just more curious, like, sorry, I'm gonna drag it out one more
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: minute.
SPEAKER_R: okay. No problem.
SPEAKER_L: Have you been doing prolific? I assume you're doing it to be a prolific.
SPEAKER_R: How long? That's what you said? Um Well, I signed up a prolific I think in May because I was at home and I don't know like I saw some email that that had something about it in it and I was like this looks interesting. It's like academic research and I mean I'm working on my computer at home all day, so I just kind of keep the window open and I really I've done a few of these conversations um and I just found it really interesting to talk to people, random people about whatever, you know. And it's been really great because I've not like I've met people from all over the country pretty much. You know, it's been really varied in terms of AIDS gender. And one time I was talking to someone in Portland and her dogs started having puppies. Like we were talking. I'm not kidding. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry my my conversation with you guys was not quite that interesting,
SPEAKER_R: no. I mean it was this is very interesting too. But it was just really crazy that
SPEAKER_L: but that happened right when
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: was like, well do you need to go? And she's like, no, it's okay. My daughter is handling it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. It's
SPEAKER_R: So I saw the puppy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well that
SPEAKER_R: But that was via prolific.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Nice. I guess the reason I was more curious is just just like a lot, I think a lot of people I asked the same question, just like to see how, when people going up and it's, it's right around for me. I joined in like june july, like I'm at home and I can check on my phone and see if there's anything that pops up. And I like you have done this three or four times. It's just interesting that one I've been isolated for so long. I'm glad to have a reason to talk to someone else other than my dogs. So I'm like, okay, I have someone to talk to two and I'm going to get paid for a little bit for it anyway. So yeah, so that was, that was more curiosity uh, for me. So, but yeah, thank you for sending me that information for, for the Amazonia expeditions. Have to show it to my wife later on tonight when she gets home. So again,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: that may be one of the things to look into.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I wish you the best you and your wife and all of your travels.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks and good
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: luck for expedition. Hopefully it traveled. Hopefully you guys get to go to it. Maybe not this year, not this year. Then next year,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Anyway, it was nice talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: it's nice chatting with you, too. Hey,
SPEAKER_R: Have a great day. Bye!