Hello? Hello. Yeah.
Hi,
how are you?
Oh really? Hold on. Mm My sound is on.
I'm going old school. Today is my trusty old apple headphones.
Yeah, I'm freaked out about those.
Well it's great that we can maybe we can talk about that for a couple minutes. Um I don't know, just like having something wireless in my ears
well.
And
Yeah, but you like them?
When I use these, if I'm running, it's like a big pain. So I am right. I might. You're inspiring me to try them.
I'm in the U. S. Yeah, I'm in Chicago.
Gosh, I don't know. We had like yesterday um 40 mile an hour winds. I mean not all the time, but when gusts that were insane and Today it's much cooler. I think it's like 50 yesterday, it was like 72 sunny and then this like front came through and I'm only like, I feel like it affected me a lot because we had this event in our community garden um for Halloween, like socially distanced pumpkin decorating event and we had all these decorations and stickers and we had to like baton everything down because like bowls of water were flying off tables like it was so windy. But everyone who came like all these little kids who came were champs, they they just like you know, held their costume, got their stuff. It was really funny.
It was so weird though with Covid because we all were masked up. So you know, no one recognized each other because everyone was in costume with a mask, like
not a whole face mask but their covid matt.
Oh yeah, exactly. Every day is Halloween. Was Covid.
Yeah, I am self employed. Um I am a graphic designer and I worked from home pre Covid, so
that
part of my life is not that different. Yeah. How about you? Where are you?
I'm so jealous. I love summer,
I
will.
No,
no.
Well we
Well,
yeah, not as much as we used to. I mean I'm from originally from the midwest from michigan, so I mean I grew up like we would make igloos in the winter and we would, my dad would make like an ice skating rink in our backyard. I mean it was cold in the winter, but the past few winters we've had these like those times when the polar vortex swoops down and it's like 30 degrees below zero, but that's for like two days or something. So, But in general it's been pretty mild. I mean nothing like when I was a kid and there was like two ft of snow on the ground. I mean that was the best.
No,
that was amazing because winter was cold, but you had like snow all the time. So it was really fun if if like a family like to be outside in the snow, there were tons of things to do. It could like cross country ski and build stuff so that was great and I feel like I missed that,
you know?
my that must be really So when you, you see it, you probably feel
happy.
No
thanks.
The
Mhm Yeah, we do. And my brother, he lived in California for a while near Los Angeles and it was really funny because when he went out there, my family, my parents and I were like, oh you love it, you know, it's sunny every day and he got sick of that. He like the weather coming from the midwest where we have this like four seasons, dramatic weather changes all the time. Um We also have like tornadoes you know it can be kind of bad too. But anyway he got sick of it and he I was wishing for thunderstorms and snow but now he and his family live in Seattle so at least they get rain.
it's raining there now. Yeah the rainy season has started so
it's ringing.
I don't really have to travel for work very often like once in a while um I work on museum exhibit projects and those will take me to other parts of the United States but I haven't had to do that in the past couple of years but I do go out there to see family. Um So I mostly go to the pacific northwest to Portland and Seattle.
Yeah. Yeah my brother fishes. So we have really awesome dinner as well while we visit and that's great.
But yeah, Houston. I'm so embarrassed. It's Houston near the water kind of. Yes.
Yeah. And then Dallas is like further up.
I was going to be like, whoa, I really don't know that much about texas.
Yeah. I used to actually live in italy. Um my boyfriend for like eight years was an italian guy and we went back and forth, but then I moved over there, so I lived on Sardinia. Um Yeah, that was amazing.
Oh wow, that's amazing.
We're near the, near the mediterranean, like near the ocean. Yeah,
it's gorgeous there.
I
No.
I
I know what you mean. Um I felt that way too when crossing the street because it's different like there aren't crosswalks everywhere so and I'm talking about more in like the bigger cities.
but there were just these lines going across the street, like kind of like what we have and called the street, so the stripes, like you, you would just go out into the stripes and cars were supposed to stop and and I had a real problem with that
and where I was on Sardinia, so they had a lot of crosswalks like that because it was much smaller, like the capital city of Cagliari was really small compared to our cities here. So they didn't have crosswalks like they do in Rome and and my boyfriend would get so upset with me, he'd be like, go in the streets like it's okay. And I was like, and the cars would honk at me because I would go out really slow. They're like, come on, you know, it was
quite, quite stressful at times because culturally that was of course like there were so many other things, but that one thing I would always get stressed when crossing the street,
how random.
What?
well,
it's like the only way to get someplace like on time we're close to on time,
What?
yeah, I mean I really missed traveling, I used to I've been going out to visit family mostly the last few years, but um I used to travel a lot more just for vacation, you know, and when I was in, when I went to Italy we would go on trips all the time that we're, you know, just a short flight away, so I went all throughout europe and um I really want to travel again because that culture shock is just so I love learning about other cultures and just trying to, I guess in my experience, like I was in a relationship so I didn't feel like a tourist, but I love just being part of the fabric of wherever I'm going and yeah,
that was kind of my old life. Now I'm in Chicago and my businesses such that I can't just like take off anymore. Mm which is good. But it's also, I don't know, I, I am in my early 40s and I'm just like, I wish I was in my 30s again because
it was a lot more free.
Sorry, what?
Yeah, I think so. I mean, now I feel like I just have a lot more responsibilities and you know, that's fine. I'm adult ng that's not such a bad thing. But I miss traveling.
Yeah, I mean,
it's, but it's just been, you know, with Covid, I'm actually supposed to go speaking of traveling. Um my brother and his family and me and my um sister in law's parents are supposed to go to peru in december and it's looking like we're not gonna be able to go because we were supposed to go to a um an echo, like a, it's an ecotourism package where we go to an actual national park and camp and then part of it is like being, doing research projects with Some of the people that live there. And it was this 10 day immersive kind of trip that we've been planning for a few years and Peru is completely closed and I think they're starting to open up a little bit, but with Covid, we're talking about just not feeling like being the first tourists in peru and I guess we won't be able to interface with people as much as we would normally. So we're thinking of postponing it. But yeah, it's
Yeah, we actually my my sister in law and my brother, um they did this trip about 10 years ago and they wanted to go back because they have an eight year old now and they thought it would be good for my niece too, you know, just have that experience. So I feel like, yeah, we found out about it. I mean I can send you the information if you want.
Yeah. Peru is like, is incredible. I mean I've not been there but I can actually tell you, I can just tell you the name of the company and then you can look it up. That would probably be easier. Um Let me find an email about it second,
that's
amazing.
No, I've I've actually not been to um I haven't been to India or china or Japan Thailand. Um That's and I I would love to go go that direction and visit some of those countries next. But I feel like just in my life that things that are happening organically takes me like to south America and Mexico and and that's wonderful too. I mean I've I'm really excited to go to peru and I actually wanted actually to go to brazil and chile and Argentina those places too. But yeah um my one of my best friends is tie and she keeps telling me to like you know make a trip and we'll go over there and it's well I don't know how she can live in the United States being from there, it's so beautiful.
What?
So
I think for my friends um she came to the United States, she said she's actually my old business partner um to study design. And then she's actually a lesbian. And and in Thailand at that time When she she came to the US. second I think around 1995 and she um you know couldn't be gay in Thailand like it was not acceptable whatsoever. So that was kind of a reason why initially she left was just too kind of live in the way her heart was telling her to. And um I think now it's different. I mean we haven't really talked much about it but I think you know now
people
can different have different sexualities and stuff and it's culturally acceptable but. Yeah.
and I feel like you know it's so crazy what's going on in our country right now because so many people that come to the United States come here for the freedom, you know, it's it's a more open society and not only in the matter of sexual preferences, but just in regard to everything and now everything is so like, it's either one you're either red or you're blue, you know, And in actuality or all, somewhere in the middle, you know, most of us like.
I know. It's crazy. I'm definitely like, try not to read the news as much. I mean it was really starting to stress me out. And I actually went when I visited my family, we went camping um like in a remote area. So our phones didn't work for like four days. And I felt like a new person when I was done because I hadn't looked at the news mostly because I hadn't looked at the news. It wasn't that it didn't talk to friends and stuff, but the news aspect of it, I realized how stressed out I was getting from that.
Right. So do you and your wife both work from home now,
Yeah. I feel like my friend to work in the office have protocols. Um, so it's safe, you know, it's, I don't, nobody I know is like contracting covid at work, you know, I feel like
it's just,
you know, if we all calm down and use common sense, we can get through this like, I don't know
and
then
I feel that way too. I mean I only know a couple of people that I garden with not in our garden, but in the like wider community gardening group that Like there were a couple there a couple in their 60s and the husband was like on a ventilator and he pulled through. So it was amazing. But you know, I'm in I live in the city and I feel like kind of surprised by the fact that I don't know more people that have caught it. So it's I feel really lucky like um you know, it's not that it's widespread, but I think things are kind of calming down here too.
Yeah. It's definitely like, I feel like, you know, even after we had our windy Halloween event in our garden, I mean people were just kind of naturally we had protocols, but people were really spreading out and we had stations that were really spread out and you know, each family could kind of stay together and go to each station, but you know, it was not that complicated to keep things safe and we were outside. So it was kind of a and it was very windy but I have hope you know that
that we can do it
Yeah. But I wanted to give you the name of the place in Peru. It's actually really easy. It's called Amazonia expeditions.
And I just want to check, I'm going to google it real quick just to see what it goes to to make sure it's what I want you. I am a zone uh expeditions. Yeah. So the website is Peru jungle dot com
and that's the that's the like lodge and Research center.
it's really, I mean I'm not really a person that likes to do tours and things like that. But this place it's cool because they actually do a ton of conservation and then they weave tourism into it. But you basically like we have to do all this research and reading before we go there. Um If we go anyway, that's
the place.
It's
okay. No problem.
How long? That's what you said? Um Well, I signed up a prolific I think in May because I was at home and I don't know like I saw some email that that had something about it in it and I was like this looks interesting. It's like academic research and I mean I'm working on my computer at home all day, so I just kind of keep the window open and I really I've done a few of these conversations um and I just found it really interesting to talk to people, random people about whatever, you know. And it's been really great because I've not like I've met people from all over the country pretty much. You know, it's been really varied in terms of AIDS gender. And one time I was talking to someone in Portland and her dogs started having puppies. Like we were talking. I'm not kidding. Oh
no. I mean it was this is very interesting too. But it was just really crazy that
I
was like, well do you need to go? And she's like, no, it's okay. My daughter is handling it.
So I saw the puppy. Yeah.
But that was via prolific.
Well,
yeah, I wish you the best you and your wife and all of your travels.
And
yeah. Anyway, it was nice talking with you.
Have a great day. Bye!