see. Sure. Help. Yeah.
Hello, dolly?
I can't
quite hear you
one second. Hello? Okay. Sorry that was that was actually on my end. I I had some bluetooth wrong her duh. Uh huh.
You know that I was I was right there with you up until my wife got me my uh airplane or whatever. The little wireless ones. So
white house. So
yeah, I think,
I don't know. I guess
I've gotten used to it. I mean our our cell phones or wireless, so I figured you know, anything else is not too big of a deal I guess. I can see how you could be a little wary of it.
Yeah. Actually great because I went well when I did go to the gym, they were nice because you didn't have to bus around with not getting the wires untangled and and all that. Okay.
But so if you don't mind, what part of the assumed us are you from?
Okay. So it's what was it like 50° there right now?
but
at
right, adding another layer of mystery to the,
are you do you work or you? Uh
Or so
no change.
I am in Houston texas, So it's not quite as cool there or as it is here, it's things like today is the high is like 85 or so. Uh huh.
Houston would be a great spot for it. 100° for a month on end. It's uh it's not uncommon. I'm not a fan. I actually, you know, I
live I've
lived here all my life and I'm like, yeah, I would I would love to like not have 100 degrees when it at any point, it's just so humid
and hot. I don't know, it's
so much the heat, it's the humidity here and you're so water and it makes it unbearable. So although
the ndp I think sub
zero degrees you guys have in Chicago sometimes, so.
Oh no, I'm gonna say it's like that's that's not a bad thing
to have.
Yeah, I guess I don't, for for me I think I've seen seen snow
maybe 30 days or less in my entire life. So
it's
a new experience, right? Because you only so
very little
and in texas, I don't think I don't like snow sticks to the ground. You can see it following
maybe once every other year. But to stick to the ground, it doesn't happen again, we're just too close to the water and it just doesn't stick. So in texas, I've only seen it one time where it's stuck to the ground and you could actually like, you know, put it to make ice ball basically. Uh I've gone up to Kentucky to see snow, that was nice. But yeah, whether it's not uh whether it's not very different here and he's been it's just hot and humid. Okay. two days of cold weather, that's it. What season? Right, and live in Chicago.
Yeah, you get lots and lots of rain. Uh
Do
you travel for for work or for like personality?
Are you are you in a seafood if you go out? Okay
precious.
It's like 60 miles out of the water,
correct? Yeah.
Yeah Dallas, Dallas gets more more snow type weather than Houston is just again were relatively close to the water. Yeah, but anyway uh yeah, so I guess you don't travel over, have you ever traveled overseas or? Uh huh. Yeah.
I was gonna say like you could travel to a whole bunch of different countries within a day. I mean just right there so that my wife and I we went to for our belated honeymoon. We went to Greece and Italy.
Uh huh. I like the pre uh it wasn't Rome, it was uh the romantic type of uh parts of Italy which I think the vast majority of Italy is. Hello? So
so
yeah we were I think the one scary part about it was when we were I guess caught leaving from the airport going to our hotel. We got a bus to take us to it and this bus was just going like yeah like going really fast and there is no older like years in the U. S. And it was like you miss a turn, you're going
off the cliff
what? Holy smokes, this is a whole different world out here but luckily and here I am still around but it was like, wow, this is, this is pretty crazy how, how, I don't know if impressive
or scary they're driving is out there in ITaly.
No. Yeah
It sounds like
heard,
okay. It is,
you know that's, that's, that's funny because I think the same thing, well I worked, so I worked at an accounting firm early on in my career and uh one of my things that I got to do is go to India course period and they're, your people are there, you're having, the street is crossed by pedestrians, bites,
rickshaws, cars you house. So like a mix of everything and it was just like wait where, who goes when and where? It's just all kinds of, it's a big cluster of okay, whoever
goes goes, you say your prayers before you go because does that sound like oh my gosh! And and luckily we also had a driver and he was like always going these random house and was like hey Mohammed, how are you, where are you going? Was like shortcut Mohammed and he zoomed his roads and he was like holy cow, this is crazy. So
yeah he was he was great. I mean he he was always
on like like you say we need to we need to be picked up at 10 a.m. He was there at 9 55 or whatever and he was like all right, we're ready and put on your seatbelt and prepare for an adventure. So that's always been, it's a big culture shot when you go to a foreign country and I'm sure probably a culture shock, maybe not as much when you go to different parts of the U. S. But
My wife is very much like you she she would she would envy your position of living in ITaly because we were out there, it's like he's a friend of ours, I think she lived out in France I think and she was just like all right this this weekend I'm going to this country next weekend, I'm going to this country and like it was like no big deal was like we have to make special plans to fly out to europe to actually go and do something whereas your every other weekend or whatever is you get to go to do this. So it's a
it is
time
I think it's more more of a adventurous time when you were in your 30s.
You get more, you get more adult in time but you also get hopefully a little more income than you were when you're in your 20s and your team
room. Uh huh.
How did you find that out about? That Seems like an interesting type of trip to.
It seems like something my wife would be like oh it seems like something we could do and we can knock off a country off the list of places we've been to.
Yeah so we've we've tried to like knock off as much countries as we can but I think obviously we're in the U. S. So it's kind of hard to go over to europe and a lot of countries. So I think our our list of countries is sub 10. I think I've been to Mexico Canada china Hong kong Vietnam, India France, italy and Greece. I think that's the uh that's the extent of my international travel.
So you
did that in like a four month span.
Uh huh. So it's actually really, I mean I'm sure I think Thailand and Vietnam are relatively similar in terms of like cost wise but it's so cheap to eat and like live over there. But I guess the trade off is you don't get the you don't get the healthcare quality
as you would in the United States. So I want to live over there, you take the health chance risk. But but it's so relatively
cheap because we went out there we we had like a dinner for three and it was like a full course meal that was in the US. dollars is like less than $10 total All over all three of us. So I was like that's just that's amazing. I want to live here now. You can live so nice. But then again it's the you're you're not sure if you're going to get the health care that you hope you can get here in the United States, you know, more work.
Is
important.
I think that all the Southeast asian type countries and or south asian countries are relatively similar in that aspect, where if you are not the norm, but you're frowned upon at that time. But I think it's like you said, it's gotten more, it's got more acceptable in in the society net current society's eyes. So that's good to see that everyone involved Truth.
Uh huh. I can't disagree with that at all. It's so crazy how how uh probably probably turns into a longer topic, but how pull This entire country is in. Like you said, if you're not read your definitely blue, but it's like you said, it's a whole mixture. I mean 300 plus million people here. Not everyone is going to fit in one of those two buckets. You've got a little bit of everyone in across the spectrum. So yeah, people are very polarized these days, which is,
uh we, we stopped basically, like when we, when Covid first started, it was all about the news for me and then I was like, okay, I'm getting burnt out on the news and Covid for the like the whole tensions that are going on. I was like, okay, I gotta stop watching it. Like you said, it's, it was like a drain on my happiness to just keep seeing. It sounds like they were going to just stop, I'm just gonna stop watching it. You can watch it but I'm not going to watch it. I'll just keep in touch with just in case like something crazy happens then, but I won't focus on it as much and that it's made life a lot simpler and like you said, maybe it's like a cleansing of uh news that you have.
Well, I've been working from home for seven months now. Yeah, so I haven't that's crazy. I was like, I'm not worked at home this long in my entire career and I'm nearing 40 here. It's like holy smokes. Uh my wife actually heard companies uh I think they went back in like May, May or early june so that she's been back in the office food Like four months now, so it's like it's another day another going back in the office and no big deal. So. Yeah.
It's more
than that,
I think Houston was like a hot spot for a good while back in
like
or so july and august and my I don't know if you know anyone who's got caught Covid, but our neighbor had Covid and two of the daycare people caught covid like we have for our kids. But oh man, it's getting close. But that months and months ago I think it was made made when it was all that was going on. I haven't really heard of anyone who's like maybe maybe my circle is not as wide as before or just haven't heard anyone catching covid uh personal. I know the numbers say they are, but mm.
Yeah, that's that's good. Hopefully like like flu like where it blows up and comes on when it gets colder. But I think for us, if we're just I mean like you're saying common sense stay away from people don't don't be touching your face and all that stuff. Just don't do any of that. Keep away from people and you're, you should knock on wood, be good. But we just try to steer clear of people and we've been okay so far for 56 months.
But
well hopefully pull through this. So I think part, I think a lot of our time is up. I don't know if you can.
Okay, let me, definitely.
Yeah, I'm looking at it now.
This is, it looks cool. Oh
good
luck on that. How I'm just more curious, like, sorry, I'm gonna drag it out one more
minute.
Have you been doing prolific? I assume you're doing it to be a prolific.
I'm sorry my my conversation with you guys was not quite that interesting,
but that happened right when
you
Oh man. It's
well that
yeah. Nice. I guess the reason I was more curious is just just like a lot, I think a lot of people I asked the same question, just like to see how, when people going up and it's, it's right around for me. I joined in like june july, like I'm at home and I can check on my phone and see if there's anything that pops up. And I like you have done this three or four times. It's just interesting that one I've been isolated for so long. I'm glad to have a reason to talk to someone else other than my dogs. So I'm like, okay, I have someone to talk to two and I'm going to get paid for a little bit for it anyway. So yeah, so that was, that was more curiosity uh, for me. So, but yeah, thank you for sending me that information for, for the Amazonia expeditions. Have to show it to my wife later on tonight when she gets home. So again,
that may be one of the things to look into.
Thanks and good
luck for expedition. Hopefully it traveled. Hopefully you guys get to go to it. Maybe not this year, not this year. Then next year,
it's nice chatting with you, too. Hey,