Hi. Right, can you hear me? Mm hmm. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah.
Hello? Yeah.
Right.
Yes.
Can you hear me? Uh huh. Hello? Right. Hello? Yeah. Right.
Hi. Sorry,
I was trying to
say hi but I didn't I don't think you could hear me.
That's
Yeah, I can hear you now.
That's
good. That's
fine.
I
can hear
you pretty well. So I think it won't be a problem.
I'm Adriana.
You too.
Um what do you do for a living or anything?
I was
That's cool.
Um I'm a college student right now so I don't, I'm not working right now other than like I'm doing Instacart sometimes, which is like delivering groceries. But other than that I'm just doing school full time right now.
Um I'm studying human biology
because I want to go to medical school. Yeah.
That's
How is that? How did that go for you guys?
Yeah, I just, did you like, did you meet before he went to school or
well?
More
So
um Not really. I mean right now my mind is kind of open to anything, but I'm really interested in surgery, but I don't know if like it'll stay that way.
I'm about to start my second year, but I'm only going to
I'm only going to be an underground for three years because I had credits coming in.
It's kind of hard to know if you haven't been like really exposed to anything yet.
That's cool.
Yeah. So
what kinds
of things have you been doing like during the quarantine yourself? Busy having fun, anything.
Hello,
that's nice.
Yeah. I'm at home now with my family, which it's been nice. It's nice to come
back home for a little bit but yeah pretty much
just
been
doing
school
online.
Um It's
only like about an hour away from where I live, so I usually was able to come home like every other weekend to see family and things like that anyway. But yeah so it wasn't too bad.
um it hasn't
been too bad I think um Like especially because a lot of my class has already had a lot of online components so it wasn't like too difficult
but it's definitely been like a lot easier to um like procrastinate and not do things at all because I don't really have like the same structure and schedule to keep me on track. But I just finished finals week on friday so it was yeah. Thank you. So it was kind of like a relief
um I just have an assignment that I have to turn in tonight and then after that I'm done but I'm gonna be taking a couple classes this summer online just to. Yeah.
Right. Yeah I mean it's I really don't
feel like
blaming the school or anything but it definitely feels like I'm not getting as much value out of it. Like for example one of
my classes was like a like literature based and we would go to class like two times a week and have discussions with the professor and everything. And then after we got sent home um all we had to do was do like three assignments for the
rest of the semester and like we didn't even talk to the professor at all or have any lectures or anything like that so it's like yeah
nope
it was just like okay um watch this video and do a couple assignments and then you're good for the rest of semester so it kind of like cut off you know? But
I mean.
Yeah. That's pretty much how it is with everything.
I mean probably I think to a certain extent
we're gonna be feeling effects for a long time, but I feel like things will go back semi normal like at least
by like the fall or a little bit later.
Think
so
Yeah, all they've said is that for the summer everything's going to be online, but for the fall they're still deciding like that's what they told us basically. Like they haven't made up their minds yet because I mean you kind of have to take it one day at a time because you don't really know how things are going to go. But
yeah, so I'm not really sure what's going to happen in the fall. Uh huh.
I'm probably just still gonna take all my same classes and everything because I feel like the online is a little harder for me, but
I can still manage it, you know? So it won't be.
I mean it depends on um like the classes like this semester I had two labs, but next semester I'm not going to have any
Yeah. That was just my schedule,
I don't
know.
Yeah. It's hard because you know, like nobody's ever had to plan for this before. So it's it's not like a quick adjustment, you know
the
Forget.
Yeah. Yeah. My school when they um like announced that they were going to be moving to online one day, it was like that night and the following night, all the bars were like super packed because there wasn't any like stay at home orders or anything like that. But it was just like the school being proactive about it and like everybody went out because there was no school anymore and that everybody was so mad at them because
you know like
but
Hey?
What college does she go to? Because I'm in michigan too.
I've heard of it. I go to michigan state.
Brain
Yeah, it's all
crazy.
Yeah. I love the warm weather. Yeah. Living in michigan, I hate the cold weather, but I got to deal with it for a few more years. But yeah, especially recently
there's been a lot of nice weather and we have a cat and I recently started like taking him outside to see if he would like it because he was always like an indoor cat and now he loves going outside and he'll always um like pester us all day to take him outside. So I've been spending a lot of time sitting on my porch with him.
Yeah, he's like as of right now he's still like kind of scared, you know, so he'll stay really close to the door, but he'll every once in a while like walk on the grass and like sniff the bushes and things like that, but he hasn't like, like built up the courage to get any further than that.
Um Just the cat. I mean we have a fish tank too, but
Yeah. Yeah. When you're
basically
just yeah, when you're basically just allowed to stay home all day, it's kind of hard to like make yourself do anything else.
Yeah, I'm the same way
like I am
not exercising right now a lot, but I should, but you know, it's hard to make myself and I don't have like regularly scheduled things.
that's definitely good.
Um I have a younger
sister and a younger brother,
so they're both still
in high
school.
no,
I think it's fun because if I was still at school I wouldn't really be doing anything, I would just be like in my dorm room all day so it's more fun to be at home and like hang out with my sister and stuff like that. Mhm.
plan was to um either like work like while I was staying at home Or like take a class or two, so it wasn't really to concrete or anything, I was just going to um like work save up money and things like that.
we
have like our own app and then we go on the app and it will show us like um they're called batches which is basically like all the orders that are nearby us. And it'll tell you like how much you'll earn. Um and how many like items are in that order and things like that and like where the stores, things like that and then you can like scroll through the available batches and like except whichever one you want. And then you like show up at the store and it's like the list has like all the pictures of all the items. And then when you find an item you gotta like scan the barcode and like type in how many or whatever. And then so it's it's pretty easy like I think anybody could.
Sometimes
there's like um like once where the person already paid online but if not they give you like this little debit card that they put the right amount of money into as you do the shopping and you pay with that.
But I don't know how the payment on their side works. I just like
I do. And then sometimes like on the app, if
they paid online I like show the cashier like my phone and they scan the barcode on there and then it will like like correlated to the right order or something. I'm not really sure how it works.
Yeah that's pretty much how it is.
they can
request that. Well right now it's like automatically set as contact with. So I would leave it at their door and then it'll send them a notification once I drop it off. But before like the coronavirus and all that. Um It usually was just like you would like knock on their door and wait till they like see that it's there and you you can leave it there for them to bring it in, stuff like that. It's
usually um
the payment that we get
it includes like the tip and the base pay, but the tip makes up like a big part of the payment, you know? So it'll
be like um usually it's like an automatic thing, like a percentage of the order. But sometimes they can put in like
like a flat rate of a tip. But the thing is they can change it after you deliver. So like sometimes you're not 100% sure if you're going to get all the money that it says at the beginning. Okay.
They
could. Yeah. And sometimes that's
People increase it a lot. But there there's been like an issue recently where people will put like a huge tip so that somebody grabs it order really quick because um
like people want the orders with the big tips, you know? And then after they deliver they like decrease the tip but that doesn't happen too often. But it's like.
There was like a strike and everything for the shoppers because they were mad that they weren't getting like hazard pay and things like that. But.
it's
I think
so.
I haven't done an order in a while but I'm pretty sure you have to but I think there was something about like it wasn't going to be enforced but it was like highly recommended or something. But then like specific stores could say that they weren't going to let you in if you didn't have one. But I think most people are wearing them now.
that's true.
That's how it is that
go ahead.
I was saying that's what is
it
I was saying that's how it is at
Sam's
Club. Like they're only letting like a specific number of people in at
a time. And then when enough people come back out they let in more people. But it's crazy because that store is huge and they were letting in like 10 or 15 people
hey. Yeah.
Like
counting.
For
like one person's order it's always like the same store, but like there could
be like
orders from different places in general.
Yeah. It's pretty it's a good like little gig because it pays pretty well like if you choose the right orders you know? But um like recently the there's been a lot of like drama with the app with like people saying that there's like hackers on it or something. I don't know there's like a lot of crazy stuff going on with it but like people are getting
like zero orders showing up on their app because there's like a
there's something going on where people are stealing orders or something.
I don't even know what's going on.
stealing them and fulfilling
them.
Like I think there was like some somebody that was um I don't know what they were doing but they were doing it so that um like all the good orders like weren't showing up for anybody and they were going to like their own people. I don't know. Damn.
it is. I haven't been shopping recently.
Yeah it was nice talking
to.
Thank you.
I
hope
so.
Thank you. Bye.