All right. Yeah. Oh yeah. So conscious yourself and uh thank you. Thanks, Super and everything. All right, It's no, mm. Okay. Mhm. Yes, Yeah, Bruce, so
Uh huh.
Mhm. Right,
wow. Yeah, I haven't, Yeah.
And uh
hi,
can
you?
Oh no, I couldn't. I'm sorry,
can you hear me?
Okay, awesome. I'm sitting outside, so if the street gets kind of loud, I'll go inside,
but
just
let me know if it
gets
loud.
Okay, awesome. Um uh well by names, Joanna,
it's nice to meet you.
Um Yeah, so this is kind of weird. Um yeah, I don't know what to talk about.
I um work for a bakery um as the business manager, so I don't
work in the kitchen, but
we do in normal times, we do um like mostly wedding cakes, so I work with our clients and, you know, right, the contracts and do tastings and things like that, although right now, that's all kind of been thrown out the window. Obviously no one's having right or don't having big weddings right now. Some people are really small ceremony ceremonies. Um What about you?
So what are you studying?
I'm
Um I studied environmental science in college and actually my boyfriend just right now is just graduating from med school um Like two weeks. Obviously graduation isn't happening, but you finished with med school,
so. Yeah.
Um with just like med school in general or.
so we met, okay, cars keep driving by, I'm gonna go inside, we met an undergrad um So like his last year of school and it was my second to last year, so we've been dating for almost six years. Um And so I've been with him the whole time through med school. He actually, when he first applied he didn't get into any med schools, so he took a year and got his Masters degree
um in biomedical science. And it was kind of like a feeding program where then you could, you had a really good chance of getting into the med school. And so then he did get in um And he naturally like at the time it was a pretty big setback right? Like not getting into med school, but she's been really grateful for that extra year because the way the program worked here, we're in Toledo Ohio. Um She took like half of the classes he would take his first year of med school during
the Master's program. And so when he was in his first year med school, his schedules a lot more relaxed and so he really dedicated a lot of time to studying for step one so that he could like have all that extra time and like really did really well on it. So. Yeah, so it's been an interesting journey, I think residency will be even more so, so yeah,
do you know at all what you want to study or like what, sorry, what field you want to go into? Like what special to you would want?
So. Yeah. Yeah, of course. What, what year are you an undergrad?
I guess.
Oh, very cool. Well, I'm sure it would be pretty impressive if you already knew exactly what specialty wanted at this point. I mean, he, my boyfriend decided kind of like actually in his master's year, it helped him and then in his first year he kind of more decided so he's going to be a neurosurgeon. Um But so but that he definitely didn't know that an undergrad, he don't have interest in surgery, they kind of like you, but he wasn't sure where like where that would take him, So.
Yeah, definitely. I think even if you thought you knew you might change your mind once you started like doing your emotions and stuff like that and that was for him to like, he wasn't sure, I mean like he thought he was interested in Euro cause he really enjoyed those units, but it wasn't until he actually like started rotations in his leg where and rotated his first rotation he did was in the neurosurgery department. Um
That Yeah, so yeah, cool,
so that's
the same.
Uh huh. Yeah, so I've still been working um full time
um but just from home, so I've been really, it's actually been a lot busier with work because we laid off temporarily most of our staff, so it's just me and the owner because this is a small business to start with. Um and so we've had like 50 weddings reschedule for like postpone their dates, and so I'm the person that communicates with all of them and makes like reschedule contracts and things, that, so that's been a big thing for me and then otherwise um I really like baking, so I've just been doing a lot of baking and because normally I have about an hour commute each way. And so since I'm working from home, I have a lot of extra free time.
And are you are you like back at home or are you still? Yeah.
Cocorium.
Do
you
go
to
school?
Do you go to school pretty far away from where your your
family?
Yeah, that's good. That's nice. Yeah. Um So how does it, how is it like transitioning to taking all your classes online? What, how you felt about that?
That's right.
What?
wow. So are you done now or do you have anything else for this semester?
Yeah, my so my youngest sister is in college and she's been kind of annoyed about, you know, still paying full tuition and everything and being like all online, Do you feel that way? Are you kind of like, I mean, obviously it wasn't the school's choice or anything, but it's a sucky situation.
This
program?
General.
What?
So you didn't have any like zoom class discussions or anything like
that?
Okay. Yeah, that's
interesting. I mean, obviously the teachers, I'm sure weren't prepared or planning to suddenly pivot to online, but I feel like everything with covid, like every situation, it's hard to blame anyone and it just sucks for everyone so that sounds like that.
Yeah. Seriously, what do you like, what do you think? How long do you think we're going to be feeling the effects of this?
What?
That's
That's
so
is your school planning for and like moving towards having in person classes again in the fall or have they talked about potentially online?
Yeah, of course.
If it is online all like is that going to affect anything for you or like have you like, will you switch any of your classes or anything like that? I don't know.
Good.
Do you have a lot of lab based classes though for biology?
Yeah. Oh, had you already planned that before any of this happened? Like that was just your will?
That's no that's nice. I have to wonder how like you know like anatomy and physiology or something Like how do you even do that online?
I mean
I'm sure there's a way it's just a little different.
huh. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. For um when everything got really crazy and like where everything started closing and stuff like that before the stay at home orders came out it was um match week for all the med students in the US. So like it was when you find out like where you're going for residency. And
so like the celebrations got cancelled like four or five days before they were because like usually like the whole meds like all the fourth year med students and their families get together and it's this big special
day and you have like everyone across the U. S. Gets these envelopes that they can open right at noon and tells them the residency. And so they were like they were pretty upset. But then after a couple of days they were like well it's the right thing to do is like over 1000 people. And in some schools probably bigger. But it was crazy. The timing was like so close to
That's
why I feel like happened in a lot of states because I think like the restaurants
and bars closed before the stay at home orders. And so like if they're like okay the bars are closing tomorrow, then they were like slammed. I mean I didn't do that but I also think like I don't know if I were like you if I were still in college, you know, I might have been like, I'm going
to the bar so. But yeah, I don't know even like my sister who's in college, she was supposed to, it was like a week ago for spring break and she was supposed to go to florida and she was like still planning this for quite a while and she goes to college in michigan and we were like you can't go to florida, so finally she cancelled that plan but like not a good idea.
Oh, no way. I actually work in michigan um she goes to Calvin college in Grand rapids.
Yeah. Oh, oh my God, we are a big michigan state fan household, me and my boyfriend um So his uncle actually is a professor there in like philosophy though, so you probably haven't had, but yeah, so the place I work as an ann arbor, that's where I commute to, but Oh, that's cool. Yeah, we go up to like the Lansing area every now and then to visit some family he has in the area and we were pretty bummed out when um March madness got canceled because we're big caches went some fans, but Oh, that's cool. Yeah. So yeah, well I hope for your sake and for my boyfriend's uncle's sake, that classes are not online in the fall because or like even what will happen with sports and stuff because that's such a huge revenue
source for, you know, all the colleges of that size. Like, I don't know,
I have
no idea. Yeah, I guess the world is just gonna look pretty different captain while. But yeah, like in my, in my industry like we usually are servicing events between like 100-250 people for weddings like that's kind of the size that we work with a lot and Most people in our industry think that for the rest of the year at least and probably through 2021 you won't be seeing those bigger over like 100 over 100 and 50. Like there's this huge shift already to like tiny weddings or like having a really intimate small ceremony and planning to have a party maybe in like 2022 2023. And so it's just crazy because like that's Our whole business basically because we sell you know cake by the number of servings or whatever. And so it's pretty different to have 2200 person weddings and like 2015% with. But I don't know. Let's see. It happens. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Do you um have you been like able to spend a lot of time outside and stuff now that it's getting a little warmer?
Think.
That's cute. So does he like stay closer? Does he like go Rome?
Yeah. That's probably good. That's cute. That's fun. Yeah. So do you have any other pets are just a cat?
Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah it's a good time. We don't have any pets. We live in an apartment where it's not allowed but it would be nice to have like a dog to take on walks or something. Now that's the main source of I mean we we both run a lot but I'm really missing all the gyms and stuff like that for excellent night. Hello
someday
they'll probably
mhm. Yeah I've been doing like yoga and stuff to not super regularly because I do think it like helps mentally to with just being like home all day, but it's really hard to make myself do it. I'm always happy when I do, but you know, you're like, yeah,
perhaps
from
Yeah, absolutely. I think so. We were, me and my boyfriend was signed up to run a half marathon, which was supposed to happen last sunday, obviously it was canceled. But um we decided to do it like that you could do it like virtually like just run in your neighborhood. So we did that just because like it was really good to have that goal, still have something to work towards because otherwise I think I would have been exercising nearly as much in the last like two months, but once I was like, no, I still want to try to do it, then I kept like up with my training schedule even though I kind of stopped running for a couple weeks, so it kind of set me back, but that was a good, a good mental goal.
Mhm. Yeah. Do you have a big family, like you have a lot of siblings?
Why
not?
The
oldest?
Okay, so is it fun being back at home with them, are you like? Oh my gosh, I thought I was done with living
at home.
Yeah, that's good. That's great. Yeah. Do you um so like what are you, what do you do during the summers? Did you have plans to be at home and work or like, or I guess you said you're taking classes? Um.
Oh, Oh, you said you do Instacart, right? How did, so how does it work? Um Yeah, I mean, I'm familiar with the purchasing side as a consumer, but not the other
side.
So you're are you you're literally doing the shopping, like you're picking it off the shelf and scanning it. And then when you scan it, is that when like whoever's purchasing it, their credit card or whatever pays for it or how does like check
out work?
Here.
But do do you check out like as though like you're just purchasing for yourself, like you just go through normal checkout?
What?
I just didn't, I guess like I was thinking of it more like when you go on like Kroger's website and use click list, but obviously it's a little different if you can order from anywhere. I just never thought of like someone just goes to the store just does your shopping for you basically
and then you just like drive it to their home and is it contact with you just leave it on the porch or how does
it work
Do they tip you? Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
I'm
Judge it.
So like basically if it was, if you took a really long time or something like they could lower
it,
do they ever like because you did great sir?
Uh
That's a shitty thing to do it. I mean it's special right now, like it's a little more dangerous than usual to go do someone's grocery shopping for. Yeah.
Yeah. I've heard that like with amazon and stuff too like, I don't know. I
feel like isn't that the like with one of the latest executive orders in michigan, isn't it? Like you have to wear a mask now anytime you're in a grocery store,
like an enclosed
area.
Yeah. Yeah. The most intense store I've gotten to his trader joe's and arbor where they're like really specific about how many people they live in and like have to like stand on the X is on the sidewalk. I mean it's, it's also like, I mean the best just shopping experience ever trader joes because you're just so busy
but it just takes a long time to get in. But
I think it's very smart.
Sorry, go ahead.
no,
I was
this
time.
something.
So
that is because I know like so I live in Ohio and the rule is that you have to have to limit how many people are in the store, but there's not like a guideline of like each stores to come up with it. And so all the stories I've gone to here have signs posted about it, but don't seem to be tracking how many people go in at all. Like Like they'll say like Oh the limit for this Kroger is like 600 people, but it's not like there's anyone standing there
counting
or Yes, but I mean obviously that is a huge expense for the story that they don't plan on if you have to have people standing at entrance. So I don't know. But mm with the instant card orders, is it always just from one store or is it ever like get these groceries, get a pizza, get coffee from Starbucks, like could it be multiple
places,
don't
you?
Yeah, I see what you mean. Cool, interesting.
Thanks.
Sorry?
All
right. How do you like like stealing orders and fulfilling them or just removing them from
the
app?
Well, sounds like a lot of drama.
Yeah. Well, I think it's been like 25 minutes so I guess we're all set.
It was
fun to talk to you. Yeah. Good luck with school.
I hope you're able to go in person
next
semester.
All