good thanks.
Uh huh. So where are you at?
I'm in Utah.
Yeah. It's not cool. It's freaking
104 today. It's so hot. Yes. Uh
Yeah, that's bad. But that's we can live with that and 100 over
100 sucks, but oh well.
It's dry
here.
It's
not at all humid like where you are, but. Uh huh.
Yeah.
I
lived in charleston south Carolina after growing up in Idaho, which is dry
too. And uh I was miserable that it's like you just walk around damp all the time.
Where are you thinking of moving to?
Yeah. We lived in New Hampshire for about
a year and it was pretty damn cold. Yeah,
It is. It's a you could get you could cross over to Maine in about well 30 minutes from
where we
lived.
Yeah. Yeah. And what got me were the ice storm. So I'm not used to that, I'm used to snow. But
the ice storm and sort of like you go out in your driveway has ice that thicken on it.
no I remember a big storm was coming and we were just we had just moved there and all of a sudden all the car places were just all the car boats were empty and it felt so weird and eerie, they move everything inside because the ice damages stuff so.
Uh huh. I hadn't
either. We were like do
we need to like stock up on things? What the hell is going on? It's just a nice storm.
Yeah
but you know it's beautiful through
I mean
it's
also beautiful through their
go to Portland. Um It's beautiful and it's just it's really nice are an important stuff. Portland, I'm thinking of Portland Oregon where
all all the crap is going on.
Portsmouth, sorry which
is really a cool city. It's really fun.
Are
you
in
a city or are you out
somewhere?
I'm not because then it's winter and we have so much snow. Oh We we
really have a lot of snow here. I mean I could get in the car and I met at ski places in 20 minutes from here so.
some
of the best some of the best skiing it's we've really really deep powder and really great. I mean matt we can we can be hiking in mountains and up Around lakes and streams literally in 30 minutes
so. Yeah. Yeah
it's
it's
freaking hot though.
Yeah. You get snow though in Jersey right.
it's always a good winter isn't it when you can drive easily and Yeah.
So do you work or you?
Yeah I'm building a business with my partner right now. I was
I
was in marketing a director of marketing for a mortgage company but I just got burned out
as hell and.
is much better.
Yeah. You're asking someone to have time off like you're a little kid. I hate that.
I don't know. I mean I'm a mom and it's like I don't want to have to ask anybody's permission
for anything. My kids are grown, thank God. But yeah.
Yeah. We're living in such weird weird times. It's like you can't count on
much of anything.
So weird. I I shouldn't tell my kids, I'm so sorry, we're leaving you such a fucked up world. So sorry.
I can't imagine being single right now. My my oldest son is married, my my youngest son is single and pretty much um isolating himself because he has health issues and he's really struggling to. That's
Yeah he came over for, we ate dinner out in the backyard and I just
said you know what, I'm gonna hug you from behind, I
you need some touch kid and I forgot about it and he said mom
didn't you say you were gonna hug me? I need someone to hug me, so you know it's like oh I'm so sorry because you just can't meet anyone.
That would I know,
I can't
really hang out even online with people who are spewing that kind of stuff that it's a scam and. Uh huh.
Have you known anyone who's gotten sick?
My my oldest son is in a metal band and they were touring europe right when this hit and three of their people that were traveling with them too from the band and a girlfriend all got it and came home and had to and so their drummer is still battling stuff. He's got pancreatitis which is really painful and
is
a like a secondary problem that happens with this. So yeah, he's my son, thank God has not had it. He's type one diabetic and they have a real high incidence of not making it. So I'm super grateful that he's so far been healthy. But we've known a couple of people who have died, so.
How many people
would, I mean most people can't keep their mouth shut about something important. How many people would have to be in on a hoax
like
that?
Come
on.
Yeah.
Yeah. Or you're privileged. You know you live with somewhere like new Orleans where so many people have it or you know some of the cities in California, it's just that's one of one of my step sons. His best friend's mom just died in California
and yeah. Yeah I mean it and he's so he's like freaking furious saying, don't give me any of your bullshit theories about this stuff. I lost my mom shut the hell up about it because it's just it's personal for him, you know?
I mean
I'm pissed anyway even without
that.
But
you know.
yep. Yeah I know I'm ready for this uh this election to be over it. Crazy crap.
Yeah. I mean I don't think we'll ever go back to life. Like it
was
I hope
we go back, I hope we improve and make make our country work better for more people, not just the really wealthy but
you know. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I was talking about the pandemic pandemic but I'm meaning all of it. I mean it's like this opportunity to retool, you know you're a Q a guy. You know we need we don't have quality assurance going on in our country
at all, you know?
So do you work from home? Are you able to do that?
And anxiety? Don't you think lots of people are anxious? Way more worried about life? And it's just I mean I noticed myself when we're out looking at people suspiciously if they don't have a mask on and I don't want to feel suspicious. But I feel like, oh don't breathe on many. Uh you
know.
What
do you wear a seatbelt? Do you do you You know
not
do you not
like
shoot up heroin in the middle
of town square? What? Uh You know, Come on, give me a freaking punk. Mhm.
I mean, I shoot up heroin. Just kidding. I'm just kidding. You can tell I I look like that. Huh?
But yeah it's like it's sad to me how it's become
political and I just think it's trickled down from the top down. You know our it's sad to me because I do think that more people have died because of
it and
Yeah. I I hope it runs its course. I mean it makes me nervous. Who knows? How long will be like isolating like
Yeah. Yeah. I know. It's like what what are people supposed to do when, when they are tightly packed or new Orleans? Have you ever been to New Orleans? How tightly
packed
it
is there?
Yeah. You know we work there quite a bit for quite a few years off and on and and I'm really glad I'm not having to deal with it. There were like the epicenter of where it's happening here in Utah, but it's still, we have lower numbers in most places, but mormons think that they don't need to, the gods protecting them so they're not taking it seriously and that sucks. I want to punch people, I get really
pissed
about,
but
Care for your, for your neighbors be kind be caring and but people can't, I, we've just gotten so weirdly politicized about everything here so
Yeah, I know that we have some pretty big reservations here down in the southern part of Utah in the 44
corners area and we've had really high infection rates in the native
population here, which is so
sad because so many of those homes don't even have running water so there's not a way to wash your hands as often as you need to. I mean we've just screwed over our native population so badly that it's, it's just a shame, you know, yep.
That's cool.
It's their right, that's where I'm from, its borders, so, you know, yeah,
Idaho is even crazier. It's even more denial stuff and read Nicky and really um right wing, lots of white supremacists, lots of that kind of stuff and um I'm
just grateful. I don't
live
there anymore. Yeah,
it really is. I feel like we're just like pulling, pulling up like all the rotting tree bark and seeing all the bugs and crawly things
under it in our country and it's like, okay, fix this mess, you've got a mess here and you've got to fix it. But I I don't have a lot of faith and in us being able to fix it with this administration personally, but you know,
It is crazy. Yeah. If you watch
the news or read the news online too much, it's just too depressing. It's like you can't function, you
know?
Hi.
I know. And it's like you don't think shooting someone is infringing on their rights.
What the hell? Come on. Uh huh. I'm gonna put a hole in you for asking me not to get you sick.
What? I'm a little confused.
It's,
yeah, I I wish that that we
were
a little less crazy,
but I don't know. I mean, it looks like it's kind of weird like that in great Britain and lots
of places that
they're having a lot of problems too. So yeah, they're not taking it seriously. And they've got a lot of people who are denying that it's real and they've sort of screwed the pooch like we have in the same way that's
I
don't
know,
I I think that Germany is a little more on top of it than us, but still um tim
my one of my step sons lived there until like about he decided to move back here when trump got elected because he said, I think there's gonna be a lot of shit there and I want to be near my family, so he moved back and um so he keeps up on the Germany stuff quite a bit,
he loved
it there.
But
my other son tours there with his band and he said he, he would either live in spain or Germany in europe if he, if he had, if
he could
choose.
both.
what's
the name
of
the band?
A
great
aunt.
cool.
Yeah, I know some people think that everyone should get infected
and then we'll have a herd
you know um immunity but they say that's not at all been proven that that would happen would just be a lot of unnecessary death and illness And who wants to have an illness like this that can ruin your organs
and
you?
yeah it's like no
I don't want to
risk it. Thanks. No
thank you.
No like I guess enough people get ill then then you get your immune system puts out antibodies and supposedly you'd be immune to it. But they're saying it's not been proven that that happens with
this virus. So so it's like come on dumb asses. Read some science.
Exactly. Not that I'm a scientist or anything. Although my tim's girlfriend has her masters in microbiology. And so she's been she's been talking about stuff you know that she's read about it and I think well you're smarter than I am, I'll just come to you when I have questions, you know? Um But she was talking about the mismanagement, mismanagement and mishandling of all the testing. She's been doing a lot of research and oh man we've screwed
that
one
too. But mm yeah, she said that the lab she works in at the university here um told the state of Utah and she said this happened across the country, we have enough facilities and people we can help with testing of people and they turned it down, they said no and she said so you know the reason
they don't have, there aren't enough tests for people is partially because states and the federal government mishandled
it, so that's a bummer.
I
hope
so too. But I know uh and soon you'll meet a really great girlfriend who would wear a mask and and stay safe. That's what I say. I'm optimistic.
That's
well, and you don't want to be swapping
spit with that person. Hell,
no.
Yeah, I know. I mean, I thought, gosh, no casual sex for anybody now, unless you really want to put your life on the line. That's it sucks for people that are dating. Yeah, I'm fortunate that I, you know, live with my partner and and he's not, I he'd be out on the street if he was a mask,
deny are just kidding, but
You're like, get away from me, illusion go
that the buddhist philosophy can be interesting, but that whole life is suffering, no thanks. I gave childbirth, you know, that was enough suffering for
me. Thanks.
Oh my gosh. Looks like we've done our time, sir.
I didn't
even
ask your name,
by
the way, Michael.
I'm
Raylene.
You too.