Yeah, I just want to. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a Yeah. Yeah. Just just get up now. Just get somebody here. You can take me. It's hard to tell because we're getting Yeah, you've got to be like that. Hi, you're doing.
I'm glad somebody showed up this time.
New Jersey. How about you?
Yes. Okay. That's cool. Well
104.
that's about I think like 95 here today, it's quite hot.
Bridge.
that's really bad. I can't be outside and that kind of heat, especially if the humidity is really high. Forget about it.
I
know.
Stop.
yeah.
Yeah, that's the main killer for me. Um It's a humidity like when it's really human enough to work in it or I want to do something in it. It just dreams me because you're sweating a lot. Yeah.
It
quit.
Yeah, I can't stand that. I'm thinking about moving off more for a little bit. even though the winters are colder, The summers I've I've been looking into it, they're about like 15, colder. so
maybe like maine, yeah, Really cool,
what?
Oh wow, Yeah, I think, yeah, that's pretty close to mean, isn't it?
that's
not
at all,
no
wow, that's crazy, I've never witnessed anything like that,
wow, I never heard of that, that's crazy.
Think
maybe
Yeah, that sounds terrible, Yeah,
I'm just,
I've
been
told
no
minute,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, all that stuff, I was aiming for a second one in Portland,
smith
Oh, that's cool, yeah, yeah, I've been living in New Jersey all my life, I've been on the florida toys and I didn't want to leave both times just because um I really like the hot when I was a lot younger when I was like 12, you know teenager, you like the heat or I did, I like to hit a lot more and I have family down here, down there, I mean and then coming back to Jersey sort of sucked,
are you in
the
city?
I'm
like out like a sort of like a suburb I guess you can say. Yeah, I grew up in the city right outside of atlantic city. Uh Yeah it was really bad area but yeah, I don't know, like I said just um I'm looking forward to fall. Uh huh you
Given
that's, I didn't know Utah has a scared resorts and everything. One
innovation,
that's really cool.
I'm
doing stuff
out.
Yeah right now it's miserable. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah pretty much every winter someone does get really bad. We had one. Um I think it was maybe five or six years ago. It was really deep like 18" deep. Well I consider that pretty 18 to foot or something along those lines. But yeah it can get pretty bad. Some winners were lucky and we don't get this much snow. Yeah.
Come on.
Yeah. Yeah work I do mostly like quality assurance. Um It's just mostly like making sure like websites and applications and software run smoothly and then I get like suggestions. So I do this stuff that's sort of like a supplement to my income. Yeah. How about yourself? Do you?
I
said
And.
Oh yeah I don't think it. Yes I had my own business before. Why? 2? On my resume photography? And then I was also selling um mostly used clothing, like name brand clothing. We go to goodwill's and thrift stores and yeah, I really enjoy working for myself. It's really nice. Yeah.
You don't have to worry about a boss and then fired or making them happy and everything. Yeah.
I hate that too. Uh huh. Thank you
if.
Yeah. That's really cool. Yeah. I'm looking at the start of moment business again. Um I'm trying to have like multiple sources of income, especially you know, I I realized I lost one source of income recently for some of the jobs that they do. And then I realized it's good to have like multiple skills and multiple ways you can make money. I got to say it definitely.
Two.
No.
That's exchange. It really is. It's a bad time right now a lot of people um Yeah. Even me like the loneliness can get really bad sometimes because you know you can't go certain places and I wasn't really ever social person to begin with. But now it's become difficult just to meet people. That's the whole pandemic.
It's really difficult. Yeah.
What?
It's
Incident.
It's very difficult. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I mean I was going to be one actually one girl and then it turns out I stopped because she was like going out to all these parties and not even caring about the pandemic and I thought that was really reckless behavior. Yeah.
We'll
be seeing
Talk.
Um No, not personally. But I have relatives that like working the this I think it's for like an essential essential worker and you know the new people that got sick and said how bad like it felt like they had sand in their longs and um some of them um I guess who are asymptomatic navy, but those are more usually like the younger people that don't have like pre existing health conditions. So it's really, it's a really interesting virus. It's like um you don't know how it's gonna affect you until you get it. Take the deal. Mhm,
it's your
kids,
This is shaking. Sorry to hear. No. Well it's bad. It's no joke. Yeah. I was talking to, I stopped talking to him right away, but I was talking to two people and they were trying to make it political. They were trying to see all of our hopes and I'm like, oh my God, give me a break. I don't want to talk about these people. Yeah.
good.
I
know,
it's
ridiculous.
And then um yeah,
they're trying to say it's just the flu. Um it's all nonsense. It's this guy trying to take over the government like oh my God, you have way too much free time already have way too much imagination and should maybe read a book or become an offer. I don't know. Right.
This strong.
I can see where he's coming from. I mean if I lost my mother or any relative from the marketplace to someone was going around spreading like bogus information. Yeah.
The
you
need
to
it's annoying here people and I feel like a big part of this is um a lot of people just trying to make it political because the elections are coming up. Anyone people love the drama and all this nonsense. It's crazy.
me too. Yeah, the whole election thing um it's funny because the last one to I couldn't wait for that to get over as well. It's just annoying. People get real crazy and rowdy. Uh huh.
and
I have
to.
definitely.
with them. Oh first I thought you were talking about like the pandemic, but that too, I think hopefully we can go back from there from you know where we are right now. Hopefully things get a lot better. So I'm like the next year or two.
No,
this is all over the place. What you
and I'm very thankful unfortunate that the pandemic hasn't really affected my work that much at all. But yeah, I mean the people that I know in my family it has affected them so I feel really bad for them and you know it's affected me to like I said the whole social thing um you know everybody even like family and everything I know you know even to even if it's just a small amount they feel more like isolated and everything because things are practiced today.
I mean
yeah that's another silly thing. Like people can't just wear a mask and keep everybody safe and themselves safe. It just doesn't make much sense to me and then you know people are trying to make that a whole like one of somebody else off in the one in the Columbia there Corona Denier was she was telling me that the mask is an infringement on her, right? So I'm thinking it's just to prevent the disease from spreading. It's just basic common sense.
Keep
It's a really good
point
like
movies.
No.
Yes just
No, no.
I mean,
absolutely
because you have people not taking seriously like there was like um I remember hearing as a pastor that he didn't take it seriously and he was like telling people people were telling them to just hold off and take a break from it all. And this was months ago when it was like really starting to get really bad. He decided anyways, hey, I wanted to go do it and then he called corona shortly after he speaks service and then died. That's a shame. And then we have all these nurses and medical workers, you have to deal with these people obviously that are getting sick or get another sick because you think that it's not a big deal, so yeah, it's a real shame.
no, I mean I'm thankful that I don't live in a very uh a very what is like a city like a densely populated area? So I'm very fortunate in that regardless if I lived and say like philadelphia or something, I think it would be a mess because you have a bunch of row homes and yeah, I can't imagine what it's like living out there right now. Must be tough. Yeah. Uh huh.
No,
but I've
seen
videos and it looks really tightly bad, it's crazy.
and
then that's
just silly.
God we told them to just wear the mask and have common sense here.
I remember they, I think they were called like they're very traditional jewish people in new york, I can't think of what they're called right now, but they were like their hats and everything and you have the long beers but those people weren't wearing masks and you got really um, it's a shame a lot of these people got really badly affected when the virus was, you know, first or not because he said, oh, you know, we're not wearing masks where this in this religion and I just think that's so in this, you know, there's a certain point where you just have to say no, I'm learning the mass regardless of my personal griefs and uh crazy.
Every
What,
what?
is a really interesting place. That's where a lot of that when I go to, to go into the store, a lot of the opportunities come from I think. Yeah. Yeah, No, no, no, no. I'm thinking of Idaho,
I got mixed up.
Yeah.
I'm
on
twitter.
That sounds like a mess. My God. Yeah.
needed.
Yeah. I don't know what's going on with all of that. I mean the whole world is such a mess right now. The politics and with the corona and everything else. It's a real shame. It's, I mean for me it feels like it would be impossible. Even I wanted to keep up on it. There's always something new happening. Yes. Yeah.
If
It's
really depressing. Like there was somebody that, I mean there's people that go into the stores, a couple of people now in the past two months and you shot somebody because someone told them to where they met. I mean, it's insane what
is wrong with these people are like chicken time bombs?
I know. Right.
Hi
these people. Oh
my God, you have common sense of everything.
That's
great.
Thanks.
growth.
You
Same. I
know
Germany,
somebody was talking about how I saw it on. That's right. I saw it on the news. He had a big protests I think within the past couple of days where like people were sworn in the city streets and none of them were wearing masks. They were doing like a mass for no mass protesters, what they were calling it or something. Yeah. It's crazy. Mhm.
Yeah.
yeah.
Yeah, I heard
it's really
nice. Yeah. How long is the visit there someday, definitely? Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
that's
so
difficult. Yeah, I
haven't, I haven't and that actually is in like a heavy metal band too and she toured europe. So that's pretty interesting. I don't even
know
of
him.
She's like she's like a distant um And I guess like a second and yeah, it gets pretty cop. Yeah. Yeah
something
like
that. But all I know is that she is in a heavy metal band she likes, doesn't paint and everything. It's really interesting. Yeah. Yeah.
Um Oh yeah, I forgot I was gonna say. Yeah, the whole thing was oh yeah people were wishing that people would in the United States, we're going giant. No mass protests that I'm thinking. Oh man, that was just so terrible that so many people actually are hoping that something that this would happen here. Oh
Mom
you.
absolutely.
Your
heart and lungs and everything. It's terrible.
Her
mentality
or whatever.
I've heard that term before. But I thought they were just talking about like um like everybody thinking that it's real or not real like that.
No.
athletes You can go back to the mandatory one or 2 years of biology.
like
and
stuff.
Once
message.
Hopefully this all gets straightened out soon and using. Mhm. Trying
to stay
optimistic.
Yeah. Not somebody that uh yeah, that doesn't wear a mask and denies it. That's just complete insanity. That makes that makes me think that they're lacking some brain
cells, definitely.
Dude,
you know,
staring clubs or nothing. I definitely want that person like 30 ft away from me.
I
know. It sounds too funny like a map like this, you know? But it's a shame. I mean, this is crazy. I don't know, people denying this denying the whole thing is real. I mean, what's next? They're gonna do not start denying like some of these people in these, um, I knew somebody that was actually a, he was a buddhist monk and he was denying that existence was real. I thought that was funny. Okay. You say, oh yeah, everything is an illusion. I'm like, okay dude, you're on your own now. You're sounding like you're out of it or something. You're crazy.
I just stopped talking to the person. He started going nuts like about how reality is shaking this and that is not real and how life is nothing but suffering. I'm like, oh my God, you're so depressing check. Well, yeah.
It's
depressing ideology. Yeah.
My name
is
Michael.
What's your
name?
talking to
you, railing.
I hope you will enjoy the rest of your weekend and stay. Say bye bye
Laban.