Yeah, you mean?
Yes. Hi, I'm Andy, can you hear me?
I'm sorry about that. I have my microphone over here now, it's a little bit closer but
I'm doing fine. How are you?
Yeah, I am originally from Germany, but I live in the United States since 2007.
All
I'm from cologne,
Oh, it's actually uh
northwest of Frankfurt
in
my health, it's probably 120 130 miles northwest I'm
not.
And the
the
Yeah, they have a huge university in cologne.
What came conversation? No, that's my first, I've never done it before.
Who?
It
Oh
Yeah.
Yeah, I can imagine that you are in the US too. Right.
me too.
Just north of Kansas city.
interests.
Uh huh. Yeah, I'm I moved to the United States in 2007. Oh when I met my my wife, we got married and Uh we lived south of Kansas City for the 1st four years and then we moved because my wife got uh had to move for her job and we moved to Indiana and we lived there for uh three years and then we moved back to Kansas City mm And
life last
no you can ask me first.
I
did. I liked it.
No,
I liked Indiana a lot. I would have loved to stay there. I
really liked it but it was close to Indianapolis. It was just about 15 miles outside of Indianapolis in a small town there near the airport, it was really nice and they have their fantastic state parks there were always visited them
what I like. No, not really. I'm staying inside most of the week but I like
to go parks on the on the weekend and go hiking and stuff like that.
Yeah 2014 We moved back to Kansas City and uh um I myself last year finally became a US citizen.
you. But.
I applied for the green card and I got that uh First the temporary one for two years I believe and then the permanent one for 10 years that was about to run out. It would have ran out in november last year. And in
april I thought uh I don't want to renew it because it's kind of expensive
and
that uh something around $500 or so
than I thought I'd better apply for a citizenship because that was $750. Also not much more. Still still expensive but that would be a better investment instead of always renewing the green card and so I will do the citizenship that was definitely worth. It went extremely fast. I applied late april yeah almost end of april and my Swearing in ceremony was August 29. So four months later
Colony
a.
Us
you're
a U. S. Person.
I could have applied for citizenship after three years because I married to a U. S. Citizen but because we moved to indiana and moved back because of all that moving around I put it on hold for a while and last year I finally decided now it's time to do it. I could have done it much but
I waited a long time.
but
right on the other side I thought it was actually the perfect moment because I got my my ceremony my oath ceremony was in the major league baseball stadium here and from the Kansas city Royals, that was quite listen afterwards, we got three tickets for the game too, so that was that was nice.
I'm
still,
yeah, Orca is still my favorite sport but I do like american foot.
Americans
plot. Yeah and I'm I'm a Kansas City Chiefs fan, it just won the Super Bowl. Mhm.
What?
I
think
Our cat is uh
okay. Yeah, she just wants to hear she and she is
Anything
infamous
princess,
Mhm. 12 12.5.
he's an old girl. We got her uh during my first year here, we we got her from a
colleague
of my wife and she wasn't she wasn't kidding when we got her.
we
took us to Indianapolis and she came back with us back here. Mhm.
United
States.
that is
bad.
No.
we
all
we always made sure when we move that we have an apartment where they allow pets.
I have
done
yeah. Well I have done web design first in Germany I did something completely different. I I worked for Tax consultant in a text takes office for 17/17 years almost 18. And when I moved here I did web design.
Yeah.
What?
not
not of that but I got basically laid off from uh from uh my friend with whom I started the thing and so I'm currently looking for things to make money. That's why I'm here.
What?
My name is Andy
my
my my Michelle yeah
my first name is actually Andrea's but that's a german version of Andrew mm.
What?
Oh no and I don't want people to deal with Andrea's it's kind of too too complicated so I'm just Andy
always
Actually
yeah yeah I want to make it easy, I'm just Andy because
there
are
Sandy's in the in the U. S.
mm No I didn't feel I had to but I thought it's easier even
though it's my passport and everywhere I have my full name but when I meet
people up to Andy
Well
it's
it's
but
the
Look.
and
Is that your middle name? The Vietnamese name or?
that's
I have a middle name to Stefan. A
mistake. Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yes, but mine is spelled with a ph instead of s
It
that's more than older version I would say nowadays. Probably spell it with f. Yeah.
that's very german
Yes, several times.
But
last time I was there wasn't 2013 so that's seven years ago.
Yeah, it's expensive.
Don't talk, yep.
I'm,
paid
way more
than 1000
and a half
or so.
mhm
I'm in
I've always flown from Kansas city Missouri to Atlanta and from Atlanta to Dusseldorf because very close to cologne so my parents could pick me up there
wrong.
Well
yeah I did that a couple of times tour that I flew into Frankfurt and then I took a train to go to cologne. That that
was
It was actually the one in in the airport where I they have one under
the airport. It's that super fast train. It just takes about an hour or so to go to cologne. That's not too bad.
come
on the back.
They are old. They're in there. 80s and late 70s so
The oneness.
It would.
No money
not yet. No. Mhm.
Yeah. I would have liked to go this year actually perhaps in the fall because my brother is going to get married and I'm not sure if we can go.
Yes, I was very close with him but I'm not so close with him now anymore. I barely talked with him. I talked with, last time I talked with him was in april on his birthday
so
I
can talk with my parents much more often. I talked with them almost on a weekly basis. Oh I
sometimes
on Skype so I can see them.
and
Yeah my dad was an I. T. Person so he
He has a computer specialists even though there's the 80s he knows everything about it
together.
it's
It's
Yeah.
all
Yeah.
Yeah I can still see them even though I haven't been there in a long time
so it's not nice.
I don't know that
close to but I
think we still have to go
if
if
What what kind of bothers me is I have um I had to go to tax school in Germany for my tax job and I have a certificate and everything that does me no good here in the US at all because it's just german tax law that is completely different from US. Tax law. I can,
I can
with
I do.
Well
No, not really.
That's
I was actually glad to get out of that job so I don't want to go back into it.
that's
more like a desk job, but every once in a while I had to deal with customers too, but not on a regular basis. So most of the time I was at the desk and just working.
I
because
and then
all
What?
Yeah.
Company.
man,
it's,
I
can do that. Yeah.
Oh no, there,
report,
This
well
hard to tell me. Yeah.
Every
day.
The
This
I would like to do something with language because I would like to use my ability to speak english and german so I can translate stuff, but it's incredibly difficult to find a job with that. I don't uh home.
Remember?
it
I had, yeah, I had english and then uh started in fifth grade, I started english and in seventh grade I uh started french, so yeah,
but I've forgotten most of my french, I still know a couple of words, but I've never never really used it, so it just disappeared
almost. Yeah, but my accent is still there. My german accent.
It's
if
The.
What?
Well
Yeah.
Yeah we have. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. Mr Mayor.
It is
thank you and same for you.
Do we just turn it off or?
All
Yeah
I would say. Uh huh. Uh
huh. Um Oh I guess you it says you don't close the window until you're finished with your conversation so when we are finished I guess we can close it. Oh
yeah it was nice talking to you.
You too. Bye.