Can you hear me?
Wait, I can't hear you. Ah Wait, could you say something?
Okay I just had to turn my volume all the way up so I might, so it's still a little bit faint.
I can hear you better. I might just have to like every once in a while. Just my my earphones. Okay how are you?
I'm doing very well. Yeah where you can, I don't know if I can ask where you're located but I hear like an accent.
Oh cool. I have some family in Germany. Uh and I visit probably every two years. They currently live in like Frankfurt. Berlin stood guards, so
that's cool
cologne. A little more south central.
No.
Okay. Oh I see. Yeah.
Ok.
I had a
roommate who um when I was in college, they, the reason why I was able
to take
their place in the dorm dormitory was because they had a study abroad in cologne. That's cool. I think they liked it. Yeah.
Mhm awesome. Um I'm not sure, I don't know if you participate in one of these things before, but I certainly have it, so I'm not sure exactly how this conversation is supposed to go. Have you?
Okay. Yeah. Okay. Same, same, same, same. Cool.
Um Maybe we'll talk a little bit about myself I guess. Um I graduated from university about a year ago and then I completed my degree in psychology neuroscience. I wanted to do something related to patient
health but I just really haven't gotten to that next stage yet. Um
So currently Unemployed also because of the COVID-19, I had two part time jobs before this but because it was in the hospitality industry I was a server, they both of them closed. Um
so that's kind of what's happening to me right now, so I have all this kind of access time to figure out what I want to do, which is nice but a little a little daunting.
Yes. Yeah so currently located in the midwest.
Well that's funny. Okay cool.
Oh okay I'm north of you, so I'm in Iowa um So actually pretty close. Nice. That's
crazy.
you like,
so? Yeah.
Oh I was I was gonna ask like do you did you enjoy indiana or do
you like Kansas?
You
like staying in Kansas now?
don't know that.
That's cool. So you're more of like an outdoors person?
Say
that's cool.
Hey congratulations. So
you applied as soon as you got to the U. S. And then
president,
How much
does it cost?
Yeah. That is expensive.
Wait now did you did you marry
while you were in the United States to uh
to a german
person or to a U. S.
Person?
Well wait so you don't get the marriage visa through that like you're able to get citizenship because you married a like a United States citizen?
and.
Yeah well well I mean we all have that hindsight all we should have done this in the past, so now that makes sense, but hey you're
you're us citizens, That's cool,
Are you more of uh well since you've been in the United States, I'm assuming you like number one soccer because in Germany it's all
it's
all about.
you like football, you said okay american
football?
where I'm currently located, it's like the hometown of the, so
there's like major league baseball and there's a minor league baseball, so it's one step below and we're home of the Chicago cups, but I'm not in Chicago which is kind of strange. So it's the Chicago cubs, minor league that
where I'm
located. So there's a lot of cubs fans and I think I don't know if there's a rivalry between the cubs and the Kansas but that's cool. I'm glad you enjoy, you were able to experience just kind of, I don't know, american american dream that the weird stadiums that we have. Um That's awesome. Um
You have a cat?
Oh mike, can I see? Oh she's so cute. Currently
what's what's
their name?
Princess? How old is she?
Oh that's old, wow
then.
Shit.
and she's just kind of traveled around with you, you you
both,
I'm living in an apartment where they don't allow
any cats
or dogs. So
it's been
very sad. Yes. Currently during this time a lot of my friends have been adopting because there's nothing else really to do. And so I've just been seeing all these
pictures of people with their cats and dogs and it was just makes me a little jealous. But I know one day I will have my own place where I can have all different kinds of pets. Is
that
your only pet right now? Okay.
Yeah. Nice. Nice. Nice. Um, can I ask what you currently do for a living or what you have done in the past?
So what
made you move to the US?
Web design. Okay. Gotcha.
Has your work
been affected at all because of the,
the outbreak?
Me too. Yeah, it's just, it's easy. It's, I was a little bit worried because I'm like, what is this going to be like? But
it's been nice so far. This has been a nice conversation. Okay. I don't know if I can ask for your name but you can give me like your first initial or something
Andy okay my name
is Michelle
yep.
but you don't want
to be called? Andrew right.
I don't think so.
Andrea's I feel like there's a lot of Andreas is in the United States but I think they're actually more, I wouldn't associated with a german name associated with like a spanish or something like that or italian like I think a lot of more italian people called Andrea's I don't know where
your name comes from, that's interesting.
And
the I
C
Mhm. So you, did you feel like you had to America americanize your name
easier?
You prefer
Gotcha. Yeah, I know. My my dad first moved here because he's a I'm Vietnamese and he was a Vietnamese immigrant so that's the, that's how I'm able to be in the United States at all. Right now.
He, his first
name is 10 T H A N
H, which is kind of, you wouldn't expect it.
You would think it was like a
third sound, th um, but I don't know why he didn't change his name. It was just the way it was.
My mom changed her name a little bit because um, the way you spell it just doesn't, it doesn't make any sense. But all she did was add a Z in the middle of it, um, to make it, I think a little bit more acceptable in a way, but it's still kind of hard to, for people to, to say her name, but I think they gave me a, the privilege of, uh, like an Americanized name. So all my uh, important us legal documents say Michelle, but I actually have a Vietnamese name that some of my close family members call me. And it's cute but it's part, it's spelled H E U.
So I understand why my parents were like okay we'll call you Michelle on legal stuff, so it's easier. But to us we call, you can call you Hugh, but they also call me Michelle. So it doesn't really matter that much. But I like the fact that I have a Vietnamese name, an american name.
no, the my middle name is also completely different. It's a but it's it's in Vietnamese as well. But again it's like a weird way to spell
it. Like the way it spells is different than the way that you pronounce it. So it's mhm. You just call me Michelle again, just how people call you Andy.
My
so the I have a family members in Germany, right? Uh and my uncle in law is named Stefan and he's german married to my, one of my aunts and we love him dearly. Um very cool. I'm glad that we were able to establish that connection. Um,
Stefan. Yeah. Yeah. Uh spelled S T E S A N.
Oh, I'm trying to remember. Is that more traditional with the
ph Well,
I think that's the way that my my uncle in law, how he spells his name, even though he's like fully german, like his last name is Weiss, W. E. I. S. S. Stephan. Weiss. Yeah.
Very german. Right. I ever heard that before. Um have you been to Germany since you've moved
several
times?
Hope quite a bit of Oh my gosh, is there a reason why you don't go as often?
Yeah. Well do you fly? What airline do you fly?
gotta go condor. Uh Me and my mom, we went To, you know we went last year and our entire flight cost was $600 back and forth. Yeah you go you like whenever I make
flights like I always go to like flights dot google dot com. But for some reason condor never shows up. And so I don't know how much you're used to paying. I think my mom used to pay like more than $1,000. But if you plan it
ahead
but
Delta
is so
expensive like. Yeah. Uh My family also used to go to Iceland Air. I don't know if you know that one, it goes it goes to Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland and then to Frankfurt Germany And it would be about $1,000 or something like that. But contour I think they only do in the summer though. That's the only thing. They only have flights in the summer and it's direct. Oh
wait no, you live in, I just realized you because you live in Kansas, that's probably why. Um
yeah, there is a direct flights coming from Minneapolis. I used to live in Minneapolis from Minneapolis to Frankfurt and it would be like $600 and it's good service.
Oh it's just easier that way. Yeah, that's
totally understandable. Like there's what Frankfurt
has that international like flogging off and
was
that, was that major train station called again in Frankfurt? It's a
different.
that's not too bad at all. No, no, no, no. Okay, but just reference if you ever want to go
back,
it's been quite a long time. That's, How old are your parents?
I see. Yeah, my mom, my mom currently is facing a very difficult decision because she Now that my grandma is getting older, she's like 80 seven or 88 now and she's living by herself in in an apartment first floor, so it's not too bad, but we only have 11
aunt that's like really close to her and he is able to provide for her and everything like that. But she's getting a little bit worse every every year. So like she used to be able to walk down the stairs no problem. But because she is limited
to her very small apartment, she doesn't get as much exercise as she needs. And so my mom wants to visit her as much as possible because she's old. But this year she can't go because apparently no flights or like I don't think europe is allowing any
any flights from the US.
so that's unfortunate. Yeah.
How much is this? Are you close with his brother?
Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. Just stuff
like that. Um Oh that's
tough.
Yeah. Okay,
that's
oh that's nice. Are they able to
use Skype? Oh.
Oh that helps up.
Ooh that's that's very fortunate. I think my
parents or no my grandma is only like with help. She can yeah she can she can use some Skype. Someone gave her an ipad over for christmas or something like that and I
definitely don't think that she was able to use it to the full extent,
which was sad. So I think my yeah, I
don't know it's just it's hard, it's hard but I'm I feel very fortunate for you that you're able to to talk with them and see their
face. Yeah,
that's nice.
Long
that's awesome. Um I tried to check what time, Okay, do a little bit. I don't know how long this chat has been going on actually. Maybe about
About 25 minutes but well we'll keep talking. Um
Not quite.
Um Try and think of what else to talk about. Um Today I had some job, I had a job interview. Um Yeah but I don't know if it's something that I'm super super interested in. Um And it doesn't okay if you have a college degree and you apply the job and you have technically Like eight I have under my belt. It doesn't look like it. I'm 23 years old but I have eight years of experience
in customer service
and that's because I've been working basically all my life until like from from the age I was able to work, I've been working since until now basically. But what is like fair compensation for someone with my background. I it's hard to know like I I know what my worth is but sometimes I feel like I have to lower it in order to get no just get in right. Yeah. It's been very tough. Yeah. I don't know what to say.
you? And
was it just?
I see. Yeah. So it's just at that point like you have so much experience in tax law
but um transferrable it doesn't make any sense right? There should be like people who are doctors in china or doctors in India, they also face this problem. They want more compensation.
So they moved to America but they can't use they have to go back to school again. Crazy. So you didn't feel you didn't want to go back to school for stuff like that. It's just
try yeah. Something different. I mean I don't know how exciting
tax law is in the United States, but I would prefer also not to be working doing stuff like that. Although I did think about one time working for the I. R. S. Um But I don't I don't even know about that.
Did you have to deal with like customers face to face or
was it more like a desk job? You had to look at a computer all day or something like that?
Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. I was I like
being on my feet a lot. But when this opportunity
came Where I had to work
at a desk job from like 9-4 30. I think it was also the low compensation. But it was just the fact that I'm going to have to be at a desk
or like listening
to people's complaints. Because I think there's a lot of about people writing in saying like, I don't have my money yet or like, um
why haven't
you done this yet? It's just, I'm not so sure. And I got a job offer one time, like earlier this, this uh, this two months I think two months ago I got a job offer but I had to decline it because it was, I think it was like 1550, but my entire day would just be filled. It was, it was at a call center and I don't know if you've ever done any call center jobs, but
I think the people
there are miserable and
I
yeah, and I I was told that, okay, you're going to have Probably between 40-60 calls per day that you would have to take care of. And Four out of the 10 calls would would be with very irate people.
So I had to say no. Even though I knew that like, okay, I do need the money, but I want to be
happy where I am. So it's a trade off. But I feel bad not taking the money or not accepting the job because this is
I mean, I should just put up with it, right? I
don't know.
Hard to tell. Yeah. Because like maybe maybe I'll really like my co workers and maybe. Mhm. I don't know. The environment is safe, welcoming. But the fact that I just I don't know if I can do it anymore. Um
I
honestly sometimes would like to go back to my service job because the customers,
Like 99% of the time were nice to me. Um job although it was difficult,
it was still like I was moving. I was doing things that I was never bored at all. There's always something to do, which is something I really enjoy. Um I don't know where I can find a job like that, that's not like part of the hospitality industry. Yeah, it kind of sucks.
I think that if you're in the United States it's difficult just because there's not a lot of german people in the United States that need translate, I feel like because they're already so good at english, like, well, you know, I like my cousins, oh my gosh, they're like, they're younger than I am, but I feel like sometimes they have better english than I do because and they're also they're not only bilingual, but they're trilingual, so they started learning english was in like second grade and then they
started moving on to a A new
a new language like Polish or something in 7th grade, like, is that something that you had to do in school?
amazing.
Mhm. But your english right now is flawless.
I think it's very hard to get rid of. Even my my uncle in law like he has an accent too, but like you can still understand everything he's saying. I don't know. Yeah I think it's easier to be a language translator if you're like if you know spanish chinese Somali. I had an old roommate
who before she went to med school, she was a Somali interpreter because
I think Somalia was then like them out
of Somalia, there's more there's a lot of people
in in Minneapolis that are Somali which is pretty cool but
darn that stinks. Uh huh.
I don't think we've been on here for 25 minutes at least.
this was very nice. Thank you anne for participating in this with me.
Yeah, it's a good first experience.
Um, Good luck with everything and
thank you. Yes. Okay. You have a nice day now.
I guess. I think so.
Should be okay.
You want double check? Double check?
Mm.
It was nice talking to you Andy.
Have a good day. Bye.