SPEAKER_R: Hello? Oh hi, can you hear me? Are awesome. My name's Grayson.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Emma, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: I am a nice to meet you too. All right. Is this your first, your first time doing this or have you done this a couple of times?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've done this a couple rounds. What about you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this is my I guess my sixth that
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: actually showed up. I think there was two others that didn't didn't show up. Yeah. So how have these, how have these chats been going for you?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty variable. Oh, how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah. You get people from all different parts of the country. All different walks of life. Yeah, it's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What part of the country from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from California. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Massachusetts, but I'm going to school in California one where not online.
SPEAKER_R: No. Okay. What school,
SPEAKER_L: U. S. C. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Okay, what
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: you're what year are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a junior,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so at least you got some college before it started online? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, awesome. How do you like it out here? Um It must be a little different than East coast
SPEAKER_L: It's, the weather is great. Um I know
SPEAKER_R: and,
SPEAKER_L: that's so cliche but like it really is such such a difference
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: because Matthews
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: is cold and depressing in the winter. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: But yeah the atmosphere is great like people are are just really kind and welcoming.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I guess it is a little cliche but I completely understand because when I was choosing, well I went to a junior college first and then I was choosing what university to go to and I went to visit a school in Kansas in february and it was knowing and disgusting. And then the very next week I went to visit university. Redlands was, you know, probably like an hour east of us. See and people were out tanning in the quad in february
SPEAKER_L: Block.
SPEAKER_R: and I was like, well I think uh I think maybe I'll stick close to home. That's all right now.
SPEAKER_L: What did you get your degree in?
SPEAKER_R: Math. Yeah. What
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: are you, what are you studying now?
SPEAKER_L: I'm studying biochemistry so it's fine. Didn't have to take too many math classes, which is Uh huh. I'm not, not great enough but.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was not great at math either. It was, but I'm a glutton for punishment so I decided to do it. Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So are you actually going to do something with biochemistry or are you gonna be like me and get a completely unrelated degree?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm pretty mad right now, so hopefully it's it's within the realm yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. That's at least two will use at least you'll use your degree a little more. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: what are you currently doing
SPEAKER_R: Um, I coach american football
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: in europe. Yeah. So I'm home for the home for the holidays and kind of coronavirus made
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: made sports difficult this year.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Were you an athlete growing up or did you just sort of fall into this?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was an athlete. I was an athlete growing up. I played I played basketball when I was young and then I started playing football in high school and university and then after university and when I was thinking about wrapping up playing, I figured I would just start coaching. It was kind of the natural natural progression.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I thought I was going to go the more traditional graduate university and then teach high school math while coaching at the same high school. I thought I was going to go that route, but
SPEAKER_L: you're,
SPEAKER_R: didn't I decided to play one season in Serbia and that one season is you know, six years later I guess I'm still there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, wow, it's really cool. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So how how are things, is it difficult doing school online or is it just boring or is it the same?
SPEAKER_L: a little bit of both, it's just it's really hard to socialize with anyone um like when I'm in class I'm I don't really talk a lot, but before and after class like I'll introduce myself to the people I like I sit near and you don't really get any of that, so it's hard to meet people um beyond really tiny discussion groups, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel I feel bad for students now because my favorite part of university was the fact that you could, you know live in a dorm and it would be the only time in your life where literally everyone around you is kind of the same age and kind of in the same situation
SPEAKER_L: good morning.
SPEAKER_R: as you. So you could literally just like sit out in the lobby of the dorm and make friends your age. That doesn't really happen
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: any
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: other time of life.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely, and the friendships also help learn because like if you need help with homework and you have a support system it's much easier and you can explain it to your friends and that's a form of you studying too, which is great. But we kind of lose that with this online format.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Especially being a math major, I was not that smart. I don't think I would have survived if we didn't all uh study well, I went to a small liberal arts college and so there was like eight of us in my graduating class that did math. So we ended up naturally becoming close. So we all just studied together. So that was a big, I wouldn't I don't think I would have survived without them. Honestly, it was a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: big
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: help. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And obviously like there's cheating scandals that are going on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No but there's I think there's always been that though, I think we just here we just hear about it more.
SPEAKER_L: easier now to and people are
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: being more blatant about it. People are uploading the entire test on like check dot com, which is like a study place where you can ask experts questions and they're uploading
SPEAKER_R: you can.
SPEAKER_L: the fire exam and a key words it in so you can do a google search and look for it. So it's just yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: much easier now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's you know it's kind of college is an interesting thing. Which, well I mean I guess for a doctor it's very
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: important that you learn things but in in the real world I mean our teachers learning math, they, on the test, they would just give us all of the formulas we could need, they didn't ask us to memorize anything because they said, well you can google certain things. You just need to understand the process of proving something or the process of solving a problem
SPEAKER_L: The capital.
SPEAKER_R: because you get and even as a doctor in the real world, you probably won't use google, you'll probably have something more sophisticated. But you can look up answers. You're not stuck out on your own. Sorry, you're going to die because I don't know what you have. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: So what kind of, what kind of doctor do you want to be?
SPEAKER_L: I'm right now, I know it's like it's kind of early to be thinking about specifics, but I'm really interested in cancer and genetics. Um So kind of research focus but also some patient involvement which interests me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And those are two important important things uh sadly cancer is not, doesn't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon, sadly
SPEAKER_L: important. And we're learning more about the genetic component of being predisposed to cancer, which could be a preventative
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: measure as opposed to having to then go and treat
SPEAKER_R: ST
SPEAKER_L: it. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Have you have you thought about med school yet? Do you have to think about med school in your junior year or is that a senior year thing?
SPEAKER_L: we have to start now. Uh Well we
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: really had to have started you know in the beginning to do all the pre recs and to do like the volunteering and shadowing. But this year we're really starting to think about it and then you start studying for the entrance exam. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: How hard is the interest exam?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's gonna be very hard, a lot of people find it extremely challenging. Um But we'll see like I'm I'm just I have the set of study books, I'm working through it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you, how does it work? Do you have to major in something science related to go to med school or do you just have to pass the entrance exam?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just passed the entrance exam and then take any of the courses that the specific med school requires. So it's usually like a year biology, your chemistry, your organic chemistry, stuff like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So it's more strict than like law school because I know law school, as long as you get in and pass whatever their entrance exam is, it doesn't matter what you majored in undergrad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but you can you can be like an art major but have taken those prerequisites and still get in as long as you do well. Right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Did you ever think of something else, or did you know you were going to be a doctor from a young age?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really interested in finance and investing and economics really. So I strongly thought about that, but I just thought being a physician would be more fulfilling like personally. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because you can never have too many doctors, you can have you can have too few but you can't have too many. And there's there's a lot of finance, men and women out there. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: And so yeah and you're in the U. S. It's a good place to be a doctor. I was
SPEAKER_L: Stock line.
SPEAKER_R: I spent a lot of time um I've spent a lot of time in the last couple years in Serbia and with coronavirus there really I guess kind of having to pay the price for their medical system because they don't pay doctors very well so they all leave and go other countries and so that's been a real drain on their a brain drain on their system.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that must be tough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but in the US at least they sort of I mean they'll work you ridiculous hours but at least they compensate you relatively well. Yeah. Okay. So do you do you know if you want to let's say you become a doctor, do you know if you want to stay on the West Coast or do you do you miss home?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know like I it's a good question. The thing about med school is it's not like law school where you have to decide the state in advance, which is really nice. Um So I guess just wherever it takes me, but I know I want to be on one of the coasts just not the midwest. So
SPEAKER_R: What is it what is it about the midwest?
SPEAKER_L: um I have some family out there and I've spent some time there and it's just it's great for chunks of time but after a while it gets pretty monotonous and boring so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: But who knows? You might change your mind when you're old. I used to like I used to like big cities to and now now I've gotten old and I don't mind the quiet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think suburbs are good. Like suburbs new york big city get a good balance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Which is I guess kind of how I feel because I live in Fontana right now, so like 40 minutes from L. A. So I'm not really, I'm not really in L. A. But I could always go anytime. I have a lot of friends that live in L. A. I could always just make that drive. Vegas is only three hours. Mexico is like two hours. I kind of like being close to everything but not necessarily in everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And so what is it? Okay. It's november. So you're still in, this is the middle of a semester, right?
SPEAKER_L: Uh We're doing like shortened semesters this this semester so last week this is finals week coming up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are you are you stressed or is this an easy
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: semester?
SPEAKER_L: it's easier than I've had in the past. Um But I am I'm obviously stressed because that's just who I am as a person like stressed about grades so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah, I guess it's different because I always knew well I incorrectly knew that I was going to be a teacher and so I wasn't that stressed about my grades because well they don't actually care as long as you pass. You
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: can be, we have really low standards for teachers which is probably not a great thing. But I guess med school you do have to pre med. You have to at least somewhat care about your grades because that will affect where you get in.
SPEAKER_L: If you get in right like the Most school that's 50% of lower like acceptance rate And the average across the US. I think the average G. P. A. is like a 3.7 so standard there. Why?
SPEAKER_R: That doesn't that doesn't leave a lot of room for error. Yeah. 3.7. Yeah. I I was only able to pull that off because I transferred. And I got really lucky that when you transfer, your grades don't follow you. That's which worked out for me because I got to restart when I went to university.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: one of the few benefits of transferring
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What made you initially decided to go to to your college? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh football. I was going to go I I kind of got screwed at the last minute because I was supposed to go to UC Davis to play football and the coaching staff got fired in the middle of the summer. And so they were like oh well we you know you don't fit what we're looking for so we're going to give your scholarship to someone else. And I was like yeah I don't have U. C. Davis kind of money like right
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: now. So I thought okay I'll just go Junior College for two years. And That was back in the day it's gotten a little more expensive but when I went it was $20 a unit and that was I was like OK cool a couple 100 bucks a semester. No problem. I can I was working at cold stone at the time. I was like all right I could I could handle that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's crazy. That's yeah it's really really good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think now it's over 100 or
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: maybe even 200. It
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: went up every semester Since then. But 2028 unit. Great. That's much better than you
SPEAKER_L: Too loud.
SPEAKER_R: see prices. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But what made you choose sc was that your number one choice or was that you were kind of thinking? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Not one choice because I liked um like the campus it was beautiful. It is beautiful. Um And just the atmosphere the guy I visited um you see yelling and U. C. Berkeley which
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: didn't love overall feeling of it. It was more spread
SPEAKER_R: More spread.
SPEAKER_L: out less in the city too. Uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: In san Berkeley is up north. It's I didn't really love but yeah. Uh huh terms of academics USC was also I thought the best fit for me.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. It's a really it's a really great school. I did want to go there at some point but I was not I was not quite good enough um That academic I wasn't quite good enough football wise. They they wanted me to go and walk on there, but I was more looking for a scholarship. I was just not quite, not quite at that level. Um, but that's probably good. I think a little little failure is good for us sometimes keeps
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: my ego in check. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What was your, did you have a second or third choice of school or was it always you knew you were gonna go to s c
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was kind of like
SPEAKER_R: click
SPEAKER_L: if I don't
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: get into USC, I'm kind of screwed, like I didn't really have much of the backup plan, but it's not like I was super confident that was going to get in either. I was like, there's no way I'm getting in. Like I'll probably just wait a year and then reassess and try to reapply or something. But it worked out, so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, good. Glad it worked out for you. Yeah. I always feel like I, I guess as I get older, I realized, yeah, not everybody has the same experience as you. Everything is different because I was an athlete and I always knew I was going to play football because, you know, free school. But so I never even, it never even occurred to me like, oh yeah, people kind of choose where they apply or where they might like to go to school. I was just always oh whatever coaches came
SPEAKER_L: Greenway?
SPEAKER_R: and talked to me like I would pick from those but it never even it never even occurred to me to pick a college I guess I missed out on that a little bit. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: How does that work like with recruiting for um colleges, do they require you to have a certain GPA or S A. T score here? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: there's well there's minimum
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: requirements for like to get an athletic scholarship but they're a complete joke. It's like a two point oh in academic classes and I don't remember what the S. A. T. Score. But the S. A. T. Score was on a sliding scale. So the higher your G. P. A. Was the lower the score you needed. So if you had above a 3.0 you basically just needed to spell your name right that was about. But then individual schools have higher standards than others. So I got lucky because I don't know I I feel me and saying bad things about athletes, but the dumb jock stereotype happened for a reason. And so they always tell you if you have over a 3.0 and like, you're good at a sport, you can go anywhere because a lot of schools have a hard time finding if the school has a higher standard, then
SPEAKER_L: Simple.
SPEAKER_R: the minimum, they have a hard time finding athletes like stanford and Berkeley and UC. Davis. To to an extent, they have a hard time finding people who can play a sport and have the grades. So it worked out for me because ironically, I had straight A's other than Math, Math was my one had straight A's and then seasoned math. So I was, you know, I had a lot of coaches that would call, it would be, it was a little weird because a lot of coaches would you know call and then I would get like a financial aid package to a school and then they would ask me oh can you send us some film of you plain go wait shouldn't you know if I suck or not before you give me a bullshit but if you have good grades and you're an athlete it makes it kind of a joke. It's super easy. Which I don't know if that's a good thing or not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So if coach recruits you, do you automatically get in or does the university have to review it?
SPEAKER_R: I think you have to get in. I think it probably makes it easier and I don't know this for sure. But yeah and it also depends on the school. I think some schools will just accept you but those aren't good schools
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like the one schools might have more.
SPEAKER_R: no D. One D. One schools you have to actually you have to actually get in a lot of N. A. I. A. Schools and division two schools will just accept athletes. Like they would be they would just ask for your information and you would get an acceptance package and financial aid package like two days later. Um But yeah most of the good schools and you know first of all sc sc doesn't mess around. You have to really apply and get into the school. U. C. L. A. Stanford all of them you have to actually get accepted in the school. They have they do okay but they do sometimes run into problems where they really want someone who doesn't get accepted and they have to go to their second or third option.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's true I'm sure they could probably push them in a little bit. Help them out.
SPEAKER_R: Well if they have rich parents they could just pay their way in. But.
SPEAKER_L: No but I have some friends who got into like some I. V. S. But they it was basically for a cross country. Um But they basically they got their stats and they're like mile splits and then they were like you're in as long as you have like a 3.1 or above and like they completely got and they didn't have to get in on their own merits. Didn't even have to write the essay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it's I think it's pretty similar. Well I think you have to write the essay
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: but I think it's pretty similar Like, if you, if you meet the minimum standard,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you're in like,
SPEAKER_R: you're in. Yeah, as long as you're not terrible. And I mean, there's always weird exceptions. I had a friend that went to Berkeley that he didn't even know that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: he told us all he was going to cow and I was like, oh, that's awesome. You got into Berkeley and he's like, no, I'm going to cal I was like, dude, those are the same thing. He was not he was not the brightest bulb in the bunch. Great
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: guy though. And he's still he's still playing in the NFL to this day. So it worked out, but there are definitely some exceptions that make you kind of think, wait, what?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah some sometimes the coaches do have a probably a tiny bit
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: of pole.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think they save that. I was not good enough for that kind of pull. I think they save that pull for some, uh, generational athletes or something. Yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: it's fascinating. Are you enjoying, I mean, before coronavirus? So you enjoying university though? Because it really is a really cool, I'm sure you've been told before, but there's a really amazing time of your life. You should enjoy it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely. It's been a blast so far.
SPEAKER_R: No. And I still, I still always want to go back until I remember how expensive college is for non athletes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what, how are things with coronavirus there? Are you able to go out and do stuff or is everything closed?
SPEAKER_L: Uh We're kind of like half open, half closed so there's there's some
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: things to do
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: they close pretty early. Um But there's some daytime options which is nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you live with your parents when you're at home? Do they let you go out or the super
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: concerned
SPEAKER_L: that's not me, they were fine with it. Yeah, they know that I'll wear a mouse and that I'll use good judgment so that's always good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. When I came home to, you know, I always, I'm in europe most of the year, but always come home kind of november through New Year's is always the plan. And that was a real adjustment. was my mom is really paranoid about coronavirus. I'm just like, I can't, I can't stay home forever. But California is a little more restrictive. They haven't, there's a lot of stuff they haven't reopened yet. It's kind of frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Seems to have been a surge in L. A. Recently. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: which is, it's interesting. Every, every country is different. I got, I thought it was hilarious in, in Poland, They closed the entire country, they shut the borders because they had 400 cases a day. And then today was actually the polish american football championship, which they played And there's 3500 cases in a day. And I was like, wait, what is either you overreacted before or you're under reacting now? Like something is happening.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. People are like trying to play catch up or not really knowing what to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was kind of, well, it was interesting because I think when coronavirus started and there was a lot of people really freaking out and then there was a lot of people are like, oh, it's just the flu. And I remember thinking to myself, okay, just like everything else in life. The answer is somewhere in the middle, but we're all going to spend all this time arguing before we before we realize it. And sure enough, Whatever. eight months later or whatever it's been. It seems like the answer was somewhere in the middle. It's not just the flu, but it's also not necessarily the end of
SPEAKER_L: four
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: continents.
SPEAKER_R: world. Never leave your house type
SPEAKER_L: Quick.
SPEAKER_R: of situation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah wearing Hazmat suits. Right, yep.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I think are 25 minutes are up. We started right at right on the Okay, good. Well, it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was great to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was great to meet you too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have a good rest of your day. And I hope you get to get back to school soon.
SPEAKER_L: All right, thank you. Have a great weekend. Last weekend. Right.