I'm Emma, nice to meet you.
Yeah, I've done this a couple rounds. What about you
that?
Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty variable. Oh, how about you?
Yeah. What part of the country from?
I'm from Massachusetts, but I'm going to school in California one where not online.
U. S. C. Oh
what,
I'm a junior,
Yeah.
It's, the weather is great. Um I know
that's so cliche but like it really is such such a difference
because Matthews
is cold and depressing in the winter. Um
But yeah the atmosphere is great like people are are just really kind and welcoming.
Block.
What did you get your degree in?
Yeah,
I'm studying biochemistry so it's fine. Didn't have to take too many math classes, which is Uh huh. I'm not, not great enough but.
Yeah.
Um I'm pretty mad right now, so hopefully it's it's within the realm yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
what are you currently doing
but
one
definitely. Were you an athlete growing up or did you just sort of fall into this?
that's nice,
you're,
Yeah, yeah, wow, it's really cool. Yeah
a little bit of both, it's just it's really hard to socialize with anyone um like when I'm in class I'm I don't really talk a lot, but before and after class like I'll introduce myself to the people I like I sit near and you don't really get any of that, so it's hard to meet people um beyond really tiny discussion groups, but
good morning.
it's
like
absolutely, and the friendships also help learn because like if you need help with homework and you have a support system it's much easier and you can explain it to your friends and that's a form of you studying too, which is great. But we kind of lose that with this online format.
I
guess.
Yeah. And obviously like there's cheating scandals that are going on. Yeah.
easier now to and people are
being more blatant about it. People are uploading the entire test on like check dot com, which is like a study place where you can ask experts questions and they're uploading
the fire exam and a key words it in so you can do a google search and look for it. So it's just yeah,
much easier now.
What?
The capital.
definitely.
I'm right now, I know it's like it's kind of early to be thinking about specifics, but I'm really interested in cancer and genetics. Um So kind of research focus but also some patient involvement which interests me. Yeah.
important. And we're learning more about the genetic component of being predisposed to cancer, which could be a preventative
measure as opposed to having to then go and treat
it. So
we have to start now. Uh Well we
really had to have started you know in the beginning to do all the pre recs and to do like the volunteering and shadowing. But this year we're really starting to think about it and then you start studying for the entrance exam. Yeah
I think it's gonna be very hard, a lot of people find it extremely challenging. Um But we'll see like I'm I'm just I have the set of study books, I'm working through it. Yeah.
Yeah. Just passed the entrance exam and then take any of the courses that the specific med school requires. So it's usually like a year biology, your chemistry, your organic chemistry, stuff like that. Mhm.
Yeah, but you can you can be like an art major but have taken those prerequisites and still get in as long as you do well. Right. Yeah,
I'm really interested in finance and investing and economics really. So I strongly thought about that, but I just thought being a physician would be more fulfilling like personally. So yeah.
Thank you.
Stock line.
Yeah, that must be tough.
I don't know like I it's a good question. The thing about med school is it's not like law school where you have to decide the state in advance, which is really nice. Um So I guess just wherever it takes me, but I know I want to be on one of the coasts just not the midwest. So
um I have some family out there and I've spent some time there and it's just it's great for chunks of time but after a while it gets pretty monotonous and boring so.
mm.
Yeah. I think suburbs are good. Like suburbs new york big city get a good balance.
Yeah that makes sense.
Uh We're doing like shortened semesters this this semester so last week this is finals week coming up. Yeah.
Who
it's easier than I've had in the past. Um But I am I'm obviously stressed because that's just who I am as a person like stressed about grades so. Yeah.
What?
If you get in right like the Most school that's 50% of lower like acceptance rate And the average across the US. I think the average G. P. A. is like a 3.7 so standard there. Why?
Yeah that's nice. Yeah.
Yeah. What made you initially decided to go to to your college? Yeah.
Why?
Yeah. That's crazy. That's yeah it's really really good.
What?
Thank you.
Too loud.
Yeah.
definitely. Not one choice because I liked um like the campus it was beautiful. It is beautiful. Um And just the atmosphere the guy I visited um you see yelling and U. C. Berkeley which
I just
didn't love overall feeling of it. It was more spread
out less in the city too. Uh
In san Berkeley is up north. It's I didn't really love but yeah. Uh huh terms of academics USC was also I thought the best fit for me.
All
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I was kind of like
if I don't
get into USC, I'm kind of screwed, like I didn't really have much of the backup plan, but it's not like I was super confident that was going to get in either. I was like, there's no way I'm getting in. Like I'll probably just wait a year and then reassess and try to reapply or something. But it worked out, so.
Greenway?
How does that work like with recruiting for um colleges, do they require you to have a certain GPA or S A. T score here? Mhm.
No.
Simple.
Yeah. So if coach recruits you, do you automatically get in or does the university have to review it?
Yeah like the one schools might have more.
Yeah it's true I'm sure they could probably push them in a little bit. Help them out.
No but I have some friends who got into like some I. V. S. But they it was basically for a cross country. Um But they basically they got their stats and they're like mile splits and then they were like you're in as long as you have like a 3.1 or above and like they completely got and they didn't have to get in on their own merits. Didn't even have to write the essay.
What?
Yeah you're in like,
No.
what
Right. Yeah some sometimes the coaches do have a probably a tiny bit
of pole.
Nothing.
Yeah definitely. It's been a blast so far.
Yeah. Yeah that's true. Yeah.
Uh We're kind of like half open, half closed so there's there's some
things to do
they close pretty early. Um But there's some daytime options which is nice. Yeah.
No
that's not me, they were fine with it. Yeah, they know that I'll wear a mouse and that I'll use good judgment so that's always good.
Seems to have been a surge in L. A. Recently. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. People are like trying to play catch up or not really knowing what to do.
four
continents.
Quick.
Yeah wearing Hazmat suits. Right, yep.
What?
Yeah, it was great to meet you too. Yeah.
All right, thank you. Have a great weekend. Last weekend. Right.