Hello? Oh hi, can you hear me? Are awesome. My name's Grayson.
I am a nice to meet you too. All right. Is this your first, your first time doing this or have you done this a couple of times?
Yeah, this is my I guess my sixth that
actually showed up. I think there was two others that didn't didn't show up. Yeah. So how have these, how have these chats been going for you?
Yeah, yeah. You get people from all different parts of the country. All different walks of life. Yeah, it's interesting.
I'm from California. Right.
No. Okay. What school,
Okay, what
you're what year are you?
Okay, so at least you got some college before it started online? Yeah.
Okay, awesome. How do you like it out here? Um It must be a little different than East coast
and,
but
well
I'm
Yeah, I mean I guess it is a little cliche but I completely understand because when I was choosing, well I went to a junior college first and then I was choosing what university to go to and I went to visit a school in Kansas in february and it was knowing and disgusting. And then the very next week I went to visit university. Redlands was, you know, probably like an hour east of us. See and people were out tanning in the quad in february
and I was like, well I think uh I think maybe I'll stick close to home. That's all right now.
Math. Yeah. What
are you, what are you studying now?
Yeah, I was not great at math either. It was, but I'm a glutton for punishment so I decided to do it. Right. Mhm.
So are you actually going to do something with biochemistry or are you gonna be like me and get a completely unrelated degree?
Yeah, that's good. That's at least two will use at least you'll use your degree a little more. Okay.
Um, I coach american football
in europe. Yeah. So I'm home for the home for the holidays and kind of coronavirus made
made sports difficult this year.
Yeah. I was an athlete. I was an athlete growing up. I played I played basketball when I was young and then I started playing football in high school and university and then after university and when I was thinking about wrapping up playing, I figured I would just start coaching. It was kind of the natural natural progression.
Yeah. Yeah. I thought I was going to go the more traditional graduate university and then teach high school math while coaching at the same high school. I thought I was going to go that route, but
didn't I decided to play one season in Serbia and that one season is you know, six years later I guess I'm still there.
So how how are things, is it difficult doing school online or is it just boring or is it the same?
Yeah, I feel I feel bad for students now because my favorite part of university was the fact that you could, you know live in a dorm and it would be the only time in your life where literally everyone around you is kind of the same age and kind of in the same situation
as you. So you could literally just like sit out in the lobby of the dorm and make friends your age. That doesn't really happen
any
other time of life.
Yeah. Especially being a math major, I was not that smart. I don't think I would have survived if we didn't all uh study well, I went to a small liberal arts college and so there was like eight of us in my graduating class that did math. So we ended up naturally becoming close. So we all just studied together. So that was a big, I wouldn't I don't think I would have survived without them. Honestly, it was a
big
help. Yeah.
Yeah. No but there's I think there's always been that though, I think we just here we just hear about it more.
I'm
you can.
Yes.
Yeah. It's you know it's kind of college is an interesting thing. Which, well I mean I guess for a doctor it's very
important that you learn things but in in the real world I mean our teachers learning math, they, on the test, they would just give us all of the formulas we could need, they didn't ask us to memorize anything because they said, well you can google certain things. You just need to understand the process of proving something or the process of solving a problem
because you get and even as a doctor in the real world, you probably won't use google, you'll probably have something more sophisticated. But you can look up answers. You're not stuck out on your own. Sorry, you're going to die because I don't know what you have. Uh huh.
So what kind of, what kind of doctor do you want to be?
And those are two important important things uh sadly cancer is not, doesn't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon, sadly
take
ST
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Have you have you thought about med school yet? Do you have to think about med school in your junior year or is that a senior year thing?
What?
How hard is the interest exam?
Okay. Do you, how does it work? Do you have to major in something science related to go to med school or do you just have to pass the entrance exam?
So it's more strict than like law school because I know law school, as long as you get in and pass whatever their entrance exam is, it doesn't matter what you majored in undergrad.
Did you ever think of something else, or did you know you were going to be a doctor from a young age?
Yeah because you can never have too many doctors, you can have you can have too few but you can't have too many. And there's there's a lot of finance, men and women out there. Okay.
And so yeah and you're in the U. S. It's a good place to be a doctor. I was
I spent a lot of time um I've spent a lot of time in the last couple years in Serbia and with coronavirus there really I guess kind of having to pay the price for their medical system because they don't pay doctors very well so they all leave and go other countries and so that's been a real drain on their a brain drain on their system.
Yeah but in the US at least they sort of I mean they'll work you ridiculous hours but at least they compensate you relatively well. Yeah. Okay. So do you do you know if you want to let's say you become a doctor, do you know if you want to stay on the West Coast or do you do you miss home?
What is it what is it about the midwest?
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Um
But who knows? You might change your mind when you're old. I used to like I used to like big cities to and now now I've gotten old and I don't mind the quiet.
Yeah. Yeah. Which is I guess kind of how I feel because I live in Fontana right now, so like 40 minutes from L. A. So I'm not really, I'm not really in L. A. But I could always go anytime. I have a lot of friends that live in L. A. I could always just make that drive. Vegas is only three hours. Mexico is like two hours. I kind of like being close to everything but not necessarily in everything.
Okay. And so what is it? Okay. It's november. So you're still in, this is the middle of a semester, right?
are you are you stressed or is this an easy
semester?
Well yeah, I guess it's different because I always knew well I incorrectly knew that I was going to be a teacher and so I wasn't that stressed about my grades because well they don't actually care as long as you pass. You
can be, we have really low standards for teachers which is probably not a great thing. But I guess med school you do have to pre med. You have to at least somewhat care about your grades because that will affect where you get in.
That doesn't that doesn't leave a lot of room for error. Yeah. 3.7. Yeah. I I was only able to pull that off because I transferred. And I got really lucky that when you transfer, your grades don't follow you. That's which worked out for me because I got to restart when I went to university.
one of the few benefits of transferring
Oh football. I was going to go I I kind of got screwed at the last minute because I was supposed to go to UC Davis to play football and the coaching staff got fired in the middle of the summer. And so they were like oh well we you know you don't fit what we're looking for so we're going to give your scholarship to someone else. And I was like yeah I don't have U. C. Davis kind of money like right
now. So I thought okay I'll just go Junior College for two years. And That was back in the day it's gotten a little more expensive but when I went it was $20 a unit and that was I was like OK cool a couple 100 bucks a semester. No problem. I can I was working at cold stone at the time. I was like all right I could I could handle that.
Yeah. I think now it's over 100 or
maybe even 200. It
went up every semester Since then. But 2028 unit. Great. That's much better than you
see prices. Yeah.
But what made you choose sc was that your number one choice or was that you were kind of thinking? Okay.
What
I
More spread.
huh.
Okay. Yeah. It's a really it's a really great school. I did want to go there at some point but I was not I was not quite good enough um That academic I wasn't quite good enough football wise. They they wanted me to go and walk on there, but I was more looking for a scholarship. I was just not quite, not quite at that level. Um, but that's probably good. I think a little little failure is good for us sometimes keeps
my ego in check. Yeah.
Okay. What was your, did you have a second or third choice of school or was it always you knew you were gonna go to s c
click
bye.
Oh, good. Glad it worked out for you. Yeah. I always feel like I, I guess as I get older, I realized, yeah, not everybody has the same experience as you. Everything is different because I was an athlete and I always knew I was going to play football because, you know, free school. But so I never even, it never even occurred to me like, oh yeah, people kind of choose where they apply or where they might like to go to school. I was just always oh whatever coaches came
and talked to me like I would pick from those but it never even it never even occurred to me to pick a college I guess I missed out on that a little bit. Mhm.
there's well there's minimum
requirements for like to get an athletic scholarship but they're a complete joke. It's like a two point oh in academic classes and I don't remember what the S. A. T. Score. But the S. A. T. Score was on a sliding scale. So the higher your G. P. A. Was the lower the score you needed. So if you had above a 3.0 you basically just needed to spell your name right that was about. But then individual schools have higher standards than others. So I got lucky because I don't know I I feel me and saying bad things about athletes, but the dumb jock stereotype happened for a reason. And so they always tell you if you have over a 3.0 and like, you're good at a sport, you can go anywhere because a lot of schools have a hard time finding if the school has a higher standard, then
the minimum, they have a hard time finding athletes like stanford and Berkeley and UC. Davis. To to an extent, they have a hard time finding people who can play a sport and have the grades. So it worked out for me because ironically, I had straight A's other than Math, Math was my one had straight A's and then seasoned math. So I was, you know, I had a lot of coaches that would call, it would be, it was a little weird because a lot of coaches would you know call and then I would get like a financial aid package to a school and then they would ask me oh can you send us some film of you plain go wait shouldn't you know if I suck or not before you give me a bullshit but if you have good grades and you're an athlete it makes it kind of a joke. It's super easy. Which I don't know if that's a good thing or not.
I think you have to get in. I think it probably makes it easier and I don't know this for sure. But yeah and it also depends on the school. I think some schools will just accept you but those aren't good schools
no D. One D. One schools you have to actually you have to actually get in a lot of N. A. I. A. Schools and division two schools will just accept athletes. Like they would be they would just ask for your information and you would get an acceptance package and financial aid package like two days later. Um But yeah most of the good schools and you know first of all sc sc doesn't mess around. You have to really apply and get into the school. U. C. L. A. Stanford all of them you have to actually get accepted in the school. They have they do okay but they do sometimes run into problems where they really want someone who doesn't get accepted and they have to go to their second or third option.
Well if they have rich parents they could just pay their way in. But.
Yeah I think it's I think it's pretty similar. Well I think you have to write the essay
but I think it's pretty similar Like, if you, if you meet the minimum standard,
you're in. Yeah, as long as you're not terrible. And I mean, there's always weird exceptions. I had a friend that went to Berkeley that he didn't even know that
he told us all he was going to cow and I was like, oh, that's awesome. You got into Berkeley and he's like, no, I'm going to cal I was like, dude, those are the same thing. He was not he was not the brightest bulb in the bunch. Great
guy though. And he's still he's still playing in the NFL to this day. So it worked out, but there are definitely some exceptions that make you kind of think, wait, what?
What?
Yeah. I think they save that. I was not good enough for that kind of pull. I think they save that pull for some, uh, generational athletes or something. Yeah. Yes,
it's fascinating. Are you enjoying, I mean, before coronavirus? So you enjoying university though? Because it really is a really cool, I'm sure you've been told before, but there's a really amazing time of your life. You should enjoy it.
No. And I still, I still always want to go back until I remember how expensive college is for non athletes.
So what, how are things with coronavirus there? Are you able to go out and do stuff or is everything closed?
So,
so,
Do you live with your parents when you're at home? Do they let you go out or the super
concerned
yeah. When I came home to, you know, I always, I'm in europe most of the year, but always come home kind of november through New Year's is always the plan. And that was a real adjustment. was my mom is really paranoid about coronavirus. I'm just like, I can't, I can't stay home forever. But California is a little more restrictive. They haven't, there's a lot of stuff they haven't reopened yet. It's kind of frustrating.
which is, it's interesting. Every, every country is different. I got, I thought it was hilarious in, in Poland, They closed the entire country, they shut the borders because they had 400 cases a day. And then today was actually the polish american football championship, which they played And there's 3500 cases in a day. And I was like, wait, what is either you overreacted before or you're under reacting now? Like something is happening.
Yeah, it was kind of, well, it was interesting because I think when coronavirus started and there was a lot of people really freaking out and then there was a lot of people are like, oh, it's just the flu. And I remember thinking to myself, okay, just like everything else in life. The answer is somewhere in the middle, but we're all going to spend all this time arguing before we before we realize it. And sure enough, Whatever. eight months later or whatever it's been. It seems like the answer was somewhere in the middle. It's not just the flu, but it's also not necessarily the end of
the
world. Never leave your house type
of situation.
All right. I think are 25 minutes are up. We started right at right on the Okay, good. Well, it
was great to meet you.
Have a good rest of your day. And I hope you get to get back to school soon.