SPEAKER_R: Okay, Okay. Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Ridiculous. Mhm. Is this the first time you have done this?
SPEAKER_R: um no, I've actually done one chat before this one.
SPEAKER_L: Okay I think this is my fourth since july I am a little confused because they say that you can do it up to four times but it says four times on the same on the same run. So I don't know what is considered a run or not. For example if they come back next week and they say okay so this is a new run or batch or whatever they call it, if I can still participate so I will just keep putting my uh putting my schedule and see if I can anyone because they just basically say after four times if you put your schedule you will simply not be consider for the for the new assignment. So I guess I guess that is okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Hopefully you're able to do it again. I think they have had it like since I have only been on prolific for a few months now, but I do think they've done like two runs so far. I think this is like the second run I've seen, and then when I did the other chat, it was like on the first run, um and I wasn't smart enough to catch on that, I could just keep going back in the system and like rescheduling myself. So uh well, but I signed up to do this for last weekend on sunday, and it was really weird because um I logged in, I could see the person and then like, I guess there was something wrong with one of our web cans or something because I could see her and I guess she couldn't see me, but my webcam was like working perfectly, so it was like we pretty much weren't able to do it. So we got like screamed out
SPEAKER_L: Well but uh did you get paid for it or?
SPEAKER_R: if that happens, they give you like a dollar 50. Yeah, and we were on there for like 20 something minutes. So it was it was really weird. I had I thought because she stayed on for so long, like she came on and stayed on for like 23 minutes. I thought that maybe like that was her style or like her decision was to be on and just like not talk and just get paid. So I was really surprised because it like 22 minutes she logged off. I was like no, we really needed three more minutes and then maybe they wouldn't have paid us anyways regardless if they reviewed the video, but at least if we would have hung in there for a few more minutes, we probably could have gotten something. Um So it was just really weird and it was like a sunday like noon. So who really wants to, you know, spend sunday at noon doing that. But I mean well I survived.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah but uh that is really bad you know investing your time and not be paid for it
SPEAKER_R: It's the worst. I was like in the worst mood because you know, it's just it was like I waited for her for like 10 minutes and then we were on for 22 minutes and the really weird thing was I could kind of sense that she probably could hear me because I would start talking and she would make facial expressions. Uh huh. It was super weird. I was so uncomfortable. But you know, I just said well I'm just going to go with it because I just want to get paid, you know, so maybe I'll just sit here awkwardly in silence for 20 minutes and just get paid, you know? So, but I would talk every once in a while and then you can see like her facial expressions would change. She would look like she was focusing or looking. And I was just like, I have no idea what's going on.
SPEAKER_L: This so it looks like maybe she was a mute or she was just doing something else while she was having the video up. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I don't either. But it was really weird and it was super uncomfortable because it's already weird. I mean it's a little weird to talk to a stranger as it is. And so it was just really like uncomfortable and I was just like, okay, so we'll see and then you go and then I got a dollar 50 for it. So it's like, oh no, it's okay. You can't win it. Everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: this is the first time I actually get a woman by the way. All my other three times he has been with guys
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And what did you guys talk about?
SPEAKER_L: uh the three conversations were different. I remember the first guy we were talking a lot about prolific and you know earning money on the side and that kind of thing how coronavirus has affected us. The second guy he was like studying out and he wanted to know about I. T. Courses and stuff like that and I told him that I actually had a degree a couple of degrees in 90 so he wanted to know a little bit more about it. And
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: and the last person we discussed that he was writing a book and what kind of tv shows we like, video games and that kind of sort.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, those are like really good conversations. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I really haven't had any issues even though I'm not really, I don't consider myself really social or or the right or that I talk too much or anything like that, but I try uh also also talking to me in english is not, well it's not hard, but my native language is spanish, so I'm a lot more comfortable talking in spanish, but
SPEAKER_R: I say,
SPEAKER_L: but other than that I really haven't had any any issues during this conversation. So now that now that this is your first one actually with somebody talking back to you.
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's a lot nicer than the last
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: one. I was
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: like, do I get my phone now? Do I multitask? Do I like do laundry? Like do I clean the room like, you know, because it's I'm not a person that's super good just with like doing nothing and that's something I'm actually working on. Just, you know, sit and be still and just do nothing. So um I was like trying to think of like what's a something I could do simultaneously that wouldn't be just overtly rude, you know? So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean you can do everything, like for example if you're just browsing to a website and reading the news and you can just simply read the news and anything that looks interesting to you, you can talk about that or so that that will be like a way of multitasking. That will be okay I
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: Are you in the U. S. Or U. In another country?
SPEAKER_L: No I I am in texas. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in southern California. I'm in like the Orange County, Los Angeles metro area.
SPEAKER_L: well to me, Los Angeles is California, so I haven't heard of los Angeles in south Carolina so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's um they call it southern California. Like southern cal yeah, versus northern cal it's kind of a different vibe. But yeah, I've lived here most of my life, I mean I did move to florida for several years and lived there, but I've kind of been here for a really long time, so it's kind of like my place, it's always interesting to meet people that are from different states and different places because I haven't traveled a lot in the United States. I mean, I think I've been to texas, like, you know, only passing through like to get your airport connection to somewhere else and I wish I would have traveled more throughout the United States, so I could be more, you know, knowledgeable and just, I don't know, it would have been a nice thing to do.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah that sounds pretty good. Uh before I moved to the U. S. I visited florida many times, most of the times Miami. So I'm kind of kind of familiar with with florida.
SPEAKER_R: the thing that's funny about florida is like Miami is definitely the coolest place in florida. It's like where you're going to see the most ethnic and racial diversity, You're going to see the prettiest things and unfortunately the parts of florida that I was in were more like rural southern florida, you know, very, how do I say it? A lot of people who are, you know, houses or in the woods, you know, and very different type of sentiment over there, you know, like it's a whole another world really compared to where from, I'm used to being from a place where, you know, people speak many different languages and you eat the food of different ethnicities all the time and you have friends from every culture background and where I lived there, it was just like all the same kind of person and they didn't like outsiders and you know, um it was just like really different. It was, I didn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like it is what you could probably intimate what I'm saying is I didn't like it too much because um you know it's if you have a if you're more liberal minded or progressive minded people are really harsh
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: to stuff like that. So yeah I was happy to come back
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: as happy to come back because I mean even there like you turn on the radio and there's like the same songs playing on the radio, there's nothing current you can't listen to like very like a lot of modern music or hip hop music and stuff, it's just like there's not an interest so it's just
SPEAKER_L: Only
SPEAKER_R: like it's very weird. I know
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: when I got there the first thing
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I asked was um hey can you tell me where the nearest thai food restaurant is? And everyone just laughed at me because there was no thai food restaurant and I was just like what do you mean how is this possible? Um And so I said well is there like even a chinese restaurant around? And they're like oh yeah the chinese restaurant is like a three hour drive from here and there was like one. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: so I was just like oh my gosh what have I done, what, what did I do moving here, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm not really too familiar with rural places. I have always lived around the cities. Even in my in my native country always live in big series. So uh but now that you mentioned type places, we have a really good one around here. Um they have one dish called drunken noodles which I really like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, drunken noodles are really good, I like things like I love their noodle dishes but I'm kind of like a really big, I know this is gonna sound weird but I'm a suit person. Yeah, so they have a lot of really delicious soups, like they have a spicy shrimp soup that's like more of a red broth that they make, they have something that's similar to like Guardo Daisetta, Mahrez, have you heard of that?
SPEAKER_L: I have heard about it but I'm not too familiar
SPEAKER_R: It's just like
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: that people,
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's just like a seafood soup but it's kind of cool because a lot of people from latin american heritage love to eat there, because it's similar to the one they serve in their cultures, so
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that's a
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: real popular thing, that's why uh in Los Angeles, you'll see a lot of people of mexican and latin american ancestry at the thai restaurant because they're there to get their suit on and then also they have another suit that's tall called tom car guy and it's a, it sounds weird, but it's a soup made out of coconut milk and lemon grass and it's really good,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: delicious.
SPEAKER_L: actually, you actually pronounce cardo the city matters very good.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Thank you, I've been working on that, I'm trying
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: to, trying to learn another language is very challenging, so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but it was pretty good actually. I was going to suggest if you really like soups. So I am half ecuadorian and that ecuadorian side, they're really like a dish in the Andes region of latin America which mostly comprises of peru Ecuador and they have a dish called ceviche which I think you may be familiar, so you might like that very much.
SPEAKER_R: I do. I love Stevie J, I'm almost, I'm a huge fan of like proven food, like that region of food and there's actually, it's kind of funny in Silver Lake, which is a bit of a drive for where I am. It's like in the Hollywood area and it's a little area called Silverlake,
SPEAKER_L: For yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Excuse me. And so it's like about an hour drive from where I am and there's like this amazing Peruvian restaurant right next to an amazing ecuadorian restaurant and you'll go driving up there intending to go into one or the other, you know, oh, I want to get this at this restaurant. But when you go and you face the entrances to both of them, side by side, it's like a struggle to decide which one to go into because they're both just have fabulous things about them, both of, of the food, the food that offers excellent. And it's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like literally
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: like, well no, we were going into the Peruvian restaurant and like your party that you with is like mad because you want to go into the Ecuadorian restaurant even though you had plans to go to the other one. And it's like a you know it's like a moral struggle to decide like which one to commit to and which one to go inside. Um to
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean you can just go
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: to go
SPEAKER_R: both
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: of them.
SPEAKER_L: both on different days and and that's it.
SPEAKER_R: it's just like you know with L. A. Traffic and stuff it's just like you get lazy so you're like really do I really want to drive like an hour to two hours just to get food. But I mean it is definitely worth it here here where I live we have a plethora we have so many Peruvian restaurants and stuff like that. But many of them are not super good. They're not great or you know they have like one or two dishes kind of that they specialize in and that's kind of why you go there but it's okay. I am very spoiled as you can tell because I have all kinds of delicious food um at my disposal everywhere I go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean here where I am, it's mostly text Mex restaurants and they are okay and we actually have pretty good ones. Uh, but I'm actually missing the food from my country Venezuela and there is not a lot around here. There are plenty of them around Houston and Austin. But I am not in there. I am a little bit north of Dallas. So there isn't enough here.
SPEAKER_R: I see. I have never been to, I don't think I've been to a Venezuelan restaurant, I don't think there are too many, I'm sure if I like look seek it out I could find it, I might I might look since I do want to go get some food tonight
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: should just go to jail for something and find out if you're going to have, let me make you a few recommendations on what you can order.
SPEAKER_R: I'm going
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: to write them down.
SPEAKER_L: so, or most popular street food if you will, is called an arepa.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Oh I've had not Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, these are basically like corn cakes that you cut around the middle and you feel it with meats or cheese or anything like that. So those are usually pretty good. We also have something called Catch aapa catch up is like a pancake but made out of corn. And it's really good. You can put just basically cheese him butter on top of it and it's really good. Ah, if you find those you're in for a treat,
SPEAKER_R: good. I look
SPEAKER_L: we also have like a little bit of snack similar to mozzarella sticks, but much much better. It's called to kenya and it is
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: spelled
SPEAKER_R: hope mhm
SPEAKER_L: mm. Wait, uh, I always have trouble spelling in english, E que you E and oh, but the, but the end is the one that we use that has
SPEAKER_R: The annual
SPEAKER_L: little quickly on top. So they're really good is basically flour its shape in um, it's like a little stick filled with cheese and you fry that and it's really good. Not healthy, but it's really good. And for more
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: complex dishes or main dishes called Pavilion. And what this is is uh shredded meat with white rice,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: black beans and fried plantains.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that sounds great. Called five alien.
SPEAKER_L: Have a young, yes, there is a P A B E L L O N bobby young. And those are really good. So if you find any of those four options that have given you well, you will like it. But if you already had an Arepa, maybe try getting something else. Uh Colombians, they say arepas came from them. We say that arepas came from us. But it turns out that there Arepas are different, they are thinner and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: they usually put stuff on top on it, not in the middle hours are thicker. So you are able to cut them around the middle and and just feel it with stuff inside. And if you get really nice supermarkets around in your area with latin foods, you can make your own repairs, You just have to find the flower and that's it. And the most popular one is called Arena Pang Ban. As in p dot A dot n. It's usually yellow in color and the packet is squared, a little bit rectangular, maybe a little bit taller, more than why. But making a Reppas is really easy. You just mix the flour with water and a little bit of salt and that's it. You make this, you make the shape, the round shape and you put it on the pan and like five minutes each side or a little bit less depending on what you have. And that's it. Of course you can also fry them and they taste better, but.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh that sounds delicious. So yeah, I'm I'm seven months pregnant so I am obsessed with good right now. I'm not normally like this bad but I was so happy because my doctor the other day said you know you know you really haven't gained enough weight, like I need you to pack on the weight so I was like this is perfect for me, I just want to go eat constantly now so I know I'm supposed to stay healthy but I'm gonna probably try it out because the foods you describe sound really good. I have had an arepa before but I think like you said, I think it was more of a collapse at a Colombian restaurants so I think I should spend some time going to Venezuelan restaurant because the things you describe down so good and I love corn, like cornmeal, corn maze, I love all of that. Um it's really like satisfying to me, so thank you for in my food talk because
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: I'm just hungry
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: at a time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're you're in for a treat and it doesn't really have to be unhealthy. I mean if you get the power young, Okay, so depending on how they cook the meat, it can be okay. But and of course, yes, they have a little bit of frying plantains, but it's not really really
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: bad for you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: pretty healthy. Like I think it's pretty healthy compared to the stuff that we eat as americans, you know what I mean? Like the french fries and the burgers and stuff, I think what you just described as pretty healthy and I think it's all in moderation, as long as you're not just eating fried stuff all day long, you know, you're ok.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the rape as if they are big or not really big, but just not fried. It's very simple. It doesn't even have fat. They have, it has calories of course being floor where there's not really too bad. It's all about what you put in the middle. Uh and you can even get them vegetarian like with avocado and cheese or something like that. So it's there are like the possibilities are endless. You can put whatever inside. I have seen actually a rape us with pavilion inside. I don't know how they managed to feed all of that inside. But you can do it and or you can do it with just beans and cheese. Uh We have one called the Arepa domino, which is basically with that uh beans and and white cheese.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, it sounds so good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that that
SPEAKER_R: I've never
SPEAKER_L: there's about
SPEAKER_R: been,
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: I've never been like this in my life, I'm normally just so
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: I like to eat, but I normally I'm just so healthy, but now I've just been given the green light to just go ahead and do what I need to do, so I'm so excited. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you might you might as well get a little bit of uh advantage uh just use this time to and your yourself a little bit because after the baby is born, then
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: be tar
SPEAKER_L: life. If it's just if it is your first, I bet that is going to completely change your life. I don't
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: I don't have I don't have kids of my own, but I do understand uh what people go through. I mean my sister had two of them and so I know everything that she went through.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and I've always been like the type where I count calories and I monitor my fat and all of that stuff. So it's kind of weird to be in a different situation where you're just like, okay, I can have this, I can have that, I don't have to choose between the two, which I will have and I could have a beverage, I could have all kinds of things that I didn't have before, so I'm going to just take advantage of it and enjoy it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is a myth that you will not get your your old body back. You can definitely can. And I have actually seen a few cases where the woman actually is thinner after the pregnancy. So that's actually you you need to actually take care of yourself and and it is what you do, what you need to don't don't go overboard.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: My, even my boss, she's like thinner than she's ever been after, she had her baby because she's just so active, you know, she's breastfeeding and she's so active that she's doing even better. And for me I was just kind of happy because before I got pregnant, like I lost like £15 so I kind of was putting myself in a situation where I could kind of afford to gain some, so I thought it was a good strategy that way. I don't feel too big, so we'll see how it goes
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I hope that you and your your dinner today and it was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: okay. It was nice meeting you take care of yourself.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Bye
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: bye.
SPEAKER_R: for the thanks for the great food advice. I'm going to take your advice. Okay, bye.