Hello, how are you?
Ridiculous. Mhm. Is this the first time you have done this?
Okay I think this is my fourth since july I am a little confused because they say that you can do it up to four times but it says four times on the same on the same run. So I don't know what is considered a run or not. For example if they come back next week and they say okay so this is a new run or batch or whatever they call it, if I can still participate so I will just keep putting my uh putting my schedule and see if I can anyone because they just basically say after four times if you put your schedule you will simply not be consider for the for the new assignment. So I guess I guess that is okay
Well but uh did you get paid for it or?
Oh yeah but uh that is really bad you know investing your time and not be paid for it
This so it looks like maybe she was a mute or she was just doing something else while she was having the video up. I don't know.
this is the first time I actually get a woman by the way. All my other three times he has been with guys
uh the three conversations were different. I remember the first guy we were talking a lot about prolific and you know earning money on the side and that kind of thing how coronavirus has affected us. The second guy he was like studying out and he wanted to know about I. T. Courses and stuff like that and I told him that I actually had a degree a couple of degrees in 90 so he wanted to know a little bit more about it. And
and the last person we discussed that he was writing a book and what kind of tv shows we like, video games and that kind of sort.
Yeah, I mean I really haven't had any issues even though I'm not really, I don't consider myself really social or or the right or that I talk too much or anything like that, but I try uh also also talking to me in english is not, well it's not hard, but my native language is spanish, so I'm a lot more comfortable talking in spanish, but
but other than that I really haven't had any any issues during this conversation. So now that now that this is your first one actually with somebody talking back to you.
Thank
you.
Well, I mean you can do everything, like for example if you're just browsing to a website and reading the news and you can just simply read the news and anything that looks interesting to you, you can talk about that or so that that will be like a way of multitasking. That will be okay I
guess.
No I I am in texas. What about you?
well to me, Los Angeles is California, so I haven't heard of los Angeles in south Carolina so.
Okay. Yeah that sounds pretty good. Uh before I moved to the U. S. I visited florida many times, most of the times Miami. So I'm kind of kind of familiar with with florida.
I
part
I know.
Only
I
but
Yes.
Yeah I'm not really too familiar with rural places. I have always lived around the cities. Even in my in my native country always live in big series. So uh but now that you mentioned type places, we have a really good one around here. Um they have one dish called drunken noodles which I really like.
I have heard about it but I'm not too familiar
with
them.
and
that
you
actually, you actually pronounce cardo the city matters very good.
so
yeah, but it was pretty good actually. I was going to suggest if you really like soups. So I am half ecuadorian and that ecuadorian side, they're really like a dish in the Andes region of latin America which mostly comprises of peru Ecuador and they have a dish called ceviche which I think you may be familiar, so you might like that very much.
For yourself.
It's
like,
yeah, I mean you can just go
to go
to
both on different days and and that's it.
Yeah, I mean here where I am, it's mostly text Mex restaurants and they are okay and we actually have pretty good ones. Uh, but I'm actually missing the food from my country Venezuela and there is not a lot around here. There are plenty of them around Houston and Austin. But I am not in there. I am a little bit north of Dallas. So there isn't enough here.
it
should just go to jail for something and find out if you're going to have, let me make you a few recommendations on what you can order.
So,
so, or most popular street food if you will, is called an arepa.
yeah, these are basically like corn cakes that you cut around the middle and you feel it with meats or cheese or anything like that. So those are usually pretty good. We also have something called Catch aapa catch up is like a pancake but made out of corn. And it's really good. You can put just basically cheese him butter on top of it and it's really good. Ah, if you find those you're in for a treat,
we also have like a little bit of snack similar to mozzarella sticks, but much much better. It's called to kenya and it is
spelled
mm. Wait, uh, I always have trouble spelling in english, E que you E and oh, but the, but the end is the one that we use that has
little quickly on top. So they're really good is basically flour its shape in um, it's like a little stick filled with cheese and you fry that and it's really good. Not healthy, but it's really good. And for more
complex dishes or main dishes called Pavilion. And what this is is uh shredded meat with white rice,
black beans and fried plantains.
Have a young, yes, there is a P A B E L L O N bobby young. And those are really good. So if you find any of those four options that have given you well, you will like it. But if you already had an Arepa, maybe try getting something else. Uh Colombians, they say arepas came from them. We say that arepas came from us. But it turns out that there Arepas are different, they are thinner and
they usually put stuff on top on it, not in the middle hours are thicker. So you are able to cut them around the middle and and just feel it with stuff inside. And if you get really nice supermarkets around in your area with latin foods, you can make your own repairs, You just have to find the flower and that's it. And the most popular one is called Arena Pang Ban. As in p dot A dot n. It's usually yellow in color and the packet is squared, a little bit rectangular, maybe a little bit taller, more than why. But making a Reppas is really easy. You just mix the flour with water and a little bit of salt and that's it. You make this, you make the shape, the round shape and you put it on the pan and like five minutes each side or a little bit less depending on what you have. And that's it. Of course you can also fry them and they taste better, but.
Your
work.
Yeah, you're you're in for a treat and it doesn't really have to be unhealthy. I mean if you get the power young, Okay, so depending on how they cook the meat, it can be okay. But and of course, yes, they have a little bit of frying plantains, but it's not really really
bad for you.
And
Yeah. And the rape as if they are big or not really big, but just not fried. It's very simple. It doesn't even have fat. They have, it has calories of course being floor where there's not really too bad. It's all about what you put in the middle. Uh and you can even get them vegetarian like with avocado and cheese or something like that. So it's there are like the possibilities are endless. You can put whatever inside. I have seen actually a rape us with pavilion inside. I don't know how they managed to feed all of that inside. But you can do it and or you can do it with just beans and cheese. Uh We have one called the Arepa domino, which is basically with that uh beans and and white cheese.
Yeah, that that
there's about
this
when
yeah, you might you might as well get a little bit of uh advantage uh just use this time to and your yourself a little bit because after the baby is born, then
it's
your
life. If it's just if it is your first, I bet that is going to completely change your life. I don't
I don't have I don't have kids of my own, but I do understand uh what people go through. I mean my sister had two of them and so I know everything that she went through.
Yeah. It is a myth that you will not get your your old body back. You can definitely can. And I have actually seen a few cases where the woman actually is thinner after the pregnancy. So that's actually you you need to actually take care of yourself and and it is what you do, what you need to don't don't go overboard.
I've
Okay. I hope that you and your your dinner today and it was great talking to you.
You too. Bye
bye.