Okay, Okay. Hello? Mhm.
I'm good, how are you?
um no, I've actually done one chat before this one.
Yeah, definitely. Hopefully you're able to do it again. I think they have had it like since I have only been on prolific for a few months now, but I do think they've done like two runs so far. I think this is like the second run I've seen, and then when I did the other chat, it was like on the first run, um and I wasn't smart enough to catch on that, I could just keep going back in the system and like rescheduling myself. So uh well, but I signed up to do this for last weekend on sunday, and it was really weird because um I logged in, I could see the person and then like, I guess there was something wrong with one of our web cans or something because I could see her and I guess she couldn't see me, but my webcam was like working perfectly, so it was like we pretty much weren't able to do it. So we got like screamed out
if that happens, they give you like a dollar 50. Yeah, and we were on there for like 20 something minutes. So it was it was really weird. I had I thought because she stayed on for so long, like she came on and stayed on for like 23 minutes. I thought that maybe like that was her style or like her decision was to be on and just like not talk and just get paid. So I was really surprised because it like 22 minutes she logged off. I was like no, we really needed three more minutes and then maybe they wouldn't have paid us anyways regardless if they reviewed the video, but at least if we would have hung in there for a few more minutes, we probably could have gotten something. Um So it was just really weird and it was like a sunday like noon. So who really wants to, you know, spend sunday at noon doing that. But I mean well I survived.
It's the worst. I was like in the worst mood because you know, it's just it was like I waited for her for like 10 minutes and then we were on for 22 minutes and the really weird thing was I could kind of sense that she probably could hear me because I would start talking and she would make facial expressions. Uh huh. It was super weird. I was so uncomfortable. But you know, I just said well I'm just going to go with it because I just want to get paid, you know, so maybe I'll just sit here awkwardly in silence for 20 minutes and just get paid, you know? So, but I would talk every once in a while and then you can see like her facial expressions would change. She would look like she was focusing or looking. And I was just like, I have no idea what's going on.
I don't either. But it was really weird and it was super uncomfortable because it's already weird. I mean it's a little weird to talk to a stranger as it is. And so it was just really like uncomfortable and I was just like, okay, so we'll see and then you go and then I got a dollar 50 for it. So it's like, oh no, it's okay. You can't win it. Everything. Yeah.
Yeah. And what did you guys talk about?
that's good.
Oh, those are like really good conversations. That's cool.
I say,
Right. It's a lot nicer than the last
one. I was
like, do I get my phone now? Do I multitask? Do I like do laundry? Like do I clean the room like, you know, because it's I'm not a person that's super good just with like doing nothing and that's something I'm actually working on. Just, you know, sit and be still and just do nothing. So um I was like trying to think of like what's a something I could do simultaneously that wouldn't be just overtly rude, you know? So. Uh huh.
Okay.
Are you in the U. S. Or U. In another country?
I'm in southern California. I'm in like the Orange County, Los Angeles metro area.
Oh, it's um they call it southern California. Like southern cal yeah, versus northern cal it's kind of a different vibe. But yeah, I've lived here most of my life, I mean I did move to florida for several years and lived there, but I've kind of been here for a really long time, so it's kind of like my place, it's always interesting to meet people that are from different states and different places because I haven't traveled a lot in the United States. I mean, I think I've been to texas, like, you know, only passing through like to get your airport connection to somewhere else and I wish I would have traveled more throughout the United States, so I could be more, you know, knowledgeable and just, I don't know, it would have been a nice thing to do.
the thing that's funny about florida is like Miami is definitely the coolest place in florida. It's like where you're going to see the most ethnic and racial diversity, You're going to see the prettiest things and unfortunately the parts of florida that I was in were more like rural southern florida, you know, very, how do I say it? A lot of people who are, you know, houses or in the woods, you know, and very different type of sentiment over there, you know, like it's a whole another world really compared to where from, I'm used to being from a place where, you know, people speak many different languages and you eat the food of different ethnicities all the time and you have friends from every culture background and where I lived there, it was just like all the same kind of person and they didn't like outsiders and you know, um it was just like really different. It was, I didn't
like it is what you could probably intimate what I'm saying is I didn't like it too much because um you know it's if you have a if you're more liberal minded or progressive minded people are really harsh
to stuff like that. So yeah I was happy to come back
as happy to come back because I mean even there like you turn on the radio and there's like the same songs playing on the radio, there's nothing current you can't listen to like very like a lot of modern music or hip hop music and stuff, it's just like there's not an interest so it's just
like it's very weird. I know
when I got there the first thing
I asked was um hey can you tell me where the nearest thai food restaurant is? And everyone just laughed at me because there was no thai food restaurant and I was just like what do you mean how is this possible? Um And so I said well is there like even a chinese restaurant around? And they're like oh yeah the chinese restaurant is like a three hour drive from here and there was like one. Yeah,
so I was just like oh my gosh what have I done, what, what did I do moving here, so.
Yeah, drunken noodles are really good, I like things like I love their noodle dishes but I'm kind of like a really big, I know this is gonna sound weird but I'm a suit person. Yeah, so they have a lot of really delicious soups, like they have a spicy shrimp soup that's like more of a red broth that they make, they have something that's similar to like Guardo Daisetta, Mahrez, have you heard of that?
It's just like
that people,
yeah, it's just like a seafood soup but it's kind of cool because a lot of people from latin american heritage love to eat there, because it's similar to the one they serve in their cultures, so
that's a
real popular thing, that's why uh in Los Angeles, you'll see a lot of people of mexican and latin american ancestry at the thai restaurant because they're there to get their suit on and then also they have another suit that's tall called tom car guy and it's a, it sounds weird, but it's a soup made out of coconut milk and lemon grass and it's really good,
delicious.
Uh Thank you, I've been working on that, I'm trying
to, trying to learn another language is very challenging, so.
I do. I love Stevie J, I'm almost, I'm a huge fan of like proven food, like that region of food and there's actually, it's kind of funny in Silver Lake, which is a bit of a drive for where I am. It's like in the Hollywood area and it's a little area called Silverlake,
Excuse me. And so it's like about an hour drive from where I am and there's like this amazing Peruvian restaurant right next to an amazing ecuadorian restaurant and you'll go driving up there intending to go into one or the other, you know, oh, I want to get this at this restaurant. But when you go and you face the entrances to both of them, side by side, it's like a struggle to decide which one to go into because they're both just have fabulous things about them, both of, of the food, the food that offers excellent. And it's
like literally
like, well no, we were going into the Peruvian restaurant and like your party that you with is like mad because you want to go into the Ecuadorian restaurant even though you had plans to go to the other one. And it's like a you know it's like a moral struggle to decide like which one to commit to and which one to go inside. Um to
to
both
of them.
it's just like you know with L. A. Traffic and stuff it's just like you get lazy so you're like really do I really want to drive like an hour to two hours just to get food. But I mean it is definitely worth it here here where I live we have a plethora we have so many Peruvian restaurants and stuff like that. But many of them are not super good. They're not great or you know they have like one or two dishes kind of that they specialize in and that's kind of why you go there but it's okay. I am very spoiled as you can tell because I have all kinds of delicious food um at my disposal everywhere I go.
I see. I have never been to, I don't think I've been to a Venezuelan restaurant, I don't think there are too many, I'm sure if I like look seek it out I could find it, I might I might look since I do want to go get some food tonight
so
I'm going
to write them down.
Okay. Oh I've had not Okay.
good. I look
I
hope mhm
The annual
What?
Well
Oh wow, that sounds great. Called five alien.
What?
Uh huh that sounds delicious. So yeah, I'm I'm seven months pregnant so I am obsessed with good right now. I'm not normally like this bad but I was so happy because my doctor the other day said you know you know you really haven't gained enough weight, like I need you to pack on the weight so I was like this is perfect for me, I just want to go eat constantly now so I know I'm supposed to stay healthy but I'm gonna probably try it out because the foods you describe sound really good. I have had an arepa before but I think like you said, I think it was more of a collapse at a Colombian restaurants so I think I should spend some time going to Venezuelan restaurant because the things you describe down so good and I love corn, like cornmeal, corn maze, I love all of that. Um it's really like satisfying to me, so thank you for in my food talk because
I'm just hungry
at a time.
nope.
I'm
pretty healthy. Like I think it's pretty healthy compared to the stuff that we eat as americans, you know what I mean? Like the french fries and the burgers and stuff, I think what you just described as pretty healthy and I think it's all in moderation, as long as you're not just eating fried stuff all day long, you know, you're ok.
Oh my gosh, it sounds so good.
I've never
been,
I've never been like this in my life, I'm normally just so
I like to eat, but I normally I'm just so healthy, but now I've just been given the green light to just go ahead and do what I need to do, so I'm so excited. Yeah,
it's
gonna
be tar
it is,
yeah, and I've always been like the type where I count calories and I monitor my fat and all of that stuff. So it's kind of weird to be in a different situation where you're just like, okay, I can have this, I can have that, I don't have to choose between the two, which I will have and I could have a beverage, I could have all kinds of things that I didn't have before, so I'm going to just take advantage of it and enjoy it.
yeah, I agree.
My, even my boss, she's like thinner than she's ever been after, she had her baby because she's just so active, you know, she's breastfeeding and she's so active that she's doing even better. And for me I was just kind of happy because before I got pregnant, like I lost like £15 so I kind of was putting myself in a situation where I could kind of afford to gain some, so I thought it was a good strategy that way. I don't feel too big, so we'll see how it goes
okay. It was nice meeting you take care of yourself.
Thanks
for the thanks for the great food advice. I'm going to take your advice. Okay, bye.