Okay. Yeah. Oh yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. For young professionals, close quarters combat. Yeah, A complimentary. All right.
Hello there
I guess. Uh huh
I'm julie.
I am from Wisconsin
quite a way. Uh huh. How
are you enjoying the pandemic?
yeah.
I
don't,
I
haven't
planned what?
Uh no, actually really none at all. Which is kind of the way I prefer it.
I mean I feel kind of the same people ask me and I'm like, it's not that different from my regular life. In fact, it's given me a lot of time to really kind of reevaluate things and I just quit my job this week,
right. It's like I'm just, I've realized that I, you know how much I really hate it and how much stress it causes me. And so it's like, you know what, this is a perfect time to explore a little bit and figure out my passion again, you know?
inside
it's a tapestry on the wall.
Thank
you. It's
an elephant.
I was.
and it's one of those looks different, you know when you're standing up close you can't really help you have to be further away. So trying to get my
I have a cat. One
cat.
so it might be a while. A long while,
I am divorced, I got divorced I guess about 2.5 years ago And after 23 years. Uh Yeah wow. Is right a shitty marriage for the most part. I mean
exactly, I'm super proud of myself. I mean everyone's like oh you poor thing and it's like oh my God no It's one of the best things I ever did and I have a 15 year old daughter who is with me. She we adopted her from Guatemala. She was a baby. So, um,
it's
very
very nice. I'm, I'm happy. You know, I'm,
I
mean,
I won't say a 100% happy because like who is right?
But it's such a better change for me. Um
uh no, I'm not dating at all. I haven't even attempted to date. Uh you know, I
said
to someone
like the last time I had a first date was 1991, like put that in perspective, You know what I, and I've been really shitty at small talk and how's the weather and all that stuff, you know?
right now, I don't know, I run the gamut some days I think that I will want to partner again and something they think, you know what, this is all nice just being, you know,
he was
very he was very emotionally abusive and verbally abusive. So I mean
every
day
it was
like, you're a bitch, you're we are worthless, you suck at this, you're so stupid, you know, and I'm not stupid. I mean I'm very educated and I'm I'm a good person, you know, I have a good heart and I mean what I've read is that narcissists attract em paths and that was, that was our dynamic. You know, everything was all about him. And um I was just like, oh well here let me help you with this or let me do this or you know, um it took a long, it took a long
time for me to admit even that I was in an abusive relationship because you just you don't
want to get
yourself.
Exactly. And when I came here, it was like we moved to a small town about three hours from where we lived before um my brother and my nephews are here, so that's really helpful
for
my daughter especially. But it was like I could come in the house and the same full of dishes and there was no one screaming at me, you know, it was fantastic. Like nice. Can't you even load the dishwasher for christ? You know? It was like I had to like recalibrate to be like I can learn how the hell I want. It can be a total mess or it can be totally clean and that's all okay.
So
How on a
daily,
how long have you been married?
no.
but it has its ups and downs, you know?
But.
No.
box.
Cash.
Well yeah. And work that many hours. The pay is even worse if he's salary,
very
Well, and I wonder what the pandemic, I mean I wonder I hope been a lot of have realized that they not have the resources to survive something like this because you know like my daughter and I were driving down the road and she said something
about
getting the car and I said look at all the cars passing us. How many of those people do you think actually own their car? You
know like people are complaining, oh I have
no money, I have no money and I get it. But it's like has this impacted your thoughts about saving money
and preparing that emergency fund so that I mean right now, I mean, I quit my job and it's not like I'm rich, but I I'm going to figure it out, you know? But I have enough to pay my bills right now. And I, a lot of people are like, oh, give me money, give me money, give me money because I have nothing, You know?
And they're working for a hell of, a lot more than I make.
Where
everything
costs something?
What?
And we're told over and over get this product the more you buy
the better. I mean, what I'm in the midst of right now during this pandemic, I have de cluttered, oh my gosh, I had all this stuff in my garage from my marriage, you know, I didn't ever sort through it because I really didn't want to look at it at the time. It was too upsetting, you know, And I literally went out there, I spent two entire days
And I took six carloads of stuff. Two good war. I didn't, I just like looked at all my wedding china and all that and I'm like, screw it, I don't want that. II plan to retire within about four years and I want to travel and I want to live like, let's say six months in san Diego and a year in Oregon and like, I don't need any of that crap.
I'm not going to take that with me on my next leg of the journey. And I tell my daughter all the time like our thing is travel and experiences. And I said, I will spend money on that. I will not spend money on buying a bunch of shit that we don't need, I won't use or I'll get rid of three years later. You know it's like I mean I'll sometimes by like original
artwork, I like art a lot if I go to art galleries and such. I mean I maybe we'll buy something that really resonates but like all this stuff that we buy, I mean it's our
culture
is just like we shot for fun, you know we don't even shop for need.
And you know in America I mean really
most of us are
quite spoiled because we have space so we have all this empty space and we feel like you know one of my friends said to me that her husband wants
a bigger house and she said to him what we actually need is a tiny home because
the amount of space you have is the amount of space you feel like you need to fill. So it's like, yeah.
we just, I don't know.
Love
it.
And I love that. I mean if I were younger I would totally want to do that.
My I mean I would like to convert, like I've seen school bus conversions and stuff like that. My knees are bad. I can't be crawling around in a van. I'm too fat, too old for that. But you know what I mean? Like I want that kind of a
of a freedom of a interest not accumulating all the stuff and you know, I tell my friends like Some of them think
I'm kind
of
crazy in
that regard. But I said like I would rather go out and drop $100 or $200 or $200 on a tasting menu
from a sheriff.
It's san Diego. Then I would to buy shit from
TJ Maxx or you know, like it's not that I don't want to spend the money, but I want, I just don't want the stuff and
I'd like to be mobile. I mean that's kind of what I'm working on now, that I've quit my job. I'm taking a class in psychic development
and I'm trained in raking and stuff and I want to like develop a passion for something that I can do
from anywhere so that I can travel around and do whatever I want. I mean, I've got
three more
years until my daughter graduates
from high school,
so I
am
homebound. Until then I tried to talk her into home
schooling
from a tiny home, but she didn't want to do that.
So
I, and I think she's there. I mean in her adult life I will see her as a wanderer. But it's hard when you're a teenager, you know and you want
like real friends and a boyfriend and all that stuff. Um So we are we are in, I don't want to say stuck,
we are choosing
to
be in Wisconsin
for another three years. But after that I've told her like don't plan, I'm at home to your bedroom because there's not going to be any bedroom, There may be a foldout couch or you know,
it
is to me, I mean my family thinks I'm crazy. They think I've lost my marbles, you know.
But
so many people are trained to just, you work your whole life 8 to 5, you
know,
blah blah
blah and you by the house, you're married, you have the kids, you have the mortgage, you have the brand new cars, blah blah blah and I don't want that.
and
you die. Uh huh. You know and a lot of people die before they get to enjoy
much
of anything at all. You know I mean I think it's amazing that you found that your husband has similar ideas. You know That's amazing all.
Off.
How
old how old are you?
Mhm.
I didn't become a mom
until I was 37.
I started trying to get pregnant
when I was 30
and um
I mean yes it was damn near impossible Party at 35.
I decided
what the hell am I doing?
Like why am I trying so hard and then and then we adopted we decided well I decided we were that thing And I went that road and I'm so glad that I did. But I mean I wasn't ready at all to even think about kids until I was 30 and early. It was like,
let's just see what happens kind of thing. By the time I got to like 33 or 34 it was like, Oh my God, I want to be a mom. Um,
it
has to happen, you know.
I mean, yeah, everyone thinks you're going to run out of options and it's like you really don't ever run out of options. There's always, there are always options. I mean even if I couldn't adapt that could have fostered or you know, there's always, well and it's, it's important to understand other people's wants and needs from your own, you
know? Okay.
Yeah. I mean.
It was a long process. I mean it was a year and a half. It is more paperwork than you can possibly imagine.
You
know,
you need police reports, you need local, you need to stay, you need federally be fingerprinted, you
need a whole study, you need classes, you need doctor's notes, you need original birth certificates, marriage certificates, ask for it. I mean it's a lot of stuff
and
then it's a long process
on the other country too. You know, um,
of what they need to do and of course Guatemala being a latino country, you know, everything's manana, manana manana so nothing moves quickly. Ever. Uh, but you know, I mean, I wouldn't trade it for anything and you just have to know going in that. It's that it's a long process adopting from the States. I mean if you're open to a um, biracial child or a latino or african american, it can be relatively quick. I mean, I know people who got all their stuff done and then were chosen and
like a month later the mom was having the baby and you know, they would go down to like texas and you're required to stay for like five days with the baby and you head on home
with your with your newborn. You know,
we didn't choose that. I mean we lived in a very, very small town. Um
and I don't know, I guess my husband, I mean my ex husband, he wasn't racist or anything. I didn't think that raising like an african american child in a tiny little town
would be a good idea. You know, if I had it to do over again, I probably wouldn't have cared. But but yeah,
So we got my daughter when she was 10 months old. And
it's
it is. But you know, you get into a place where it's like once you see that picture of that baby, that's your baby. So it really doesn't matter. I mean in one hand it's excruciating. But on the other hand, it's also like, okay, this is my baby. It really matter when she comes. So if she came when she was 10
months or if she came and she was too,
it's still my child, you know? So you can kind of let that anxiety go a little
bit I guess.
I mean the good
thing about most of our lives being in such a tiny little town that everybody already knew our story. So in that town we really didn't get that. I mean every once in a while now it will be like, that's like, hi I'm celeste mom and they'll look at me and look at her like, huh, what's that I hear from here, You know? Uh
huh. And there have been some older friends that we've had that have made some racist comments. Um not about her but in general and I just say to them like I can't tolerate that. I mean I have a biracial child so that just isn't funny to me. Um
it's funny because
she is so much a part of me that like I kind of forget that she's adapted. Like people have said to me when was her first smile and I'm sitting there like uh huh and then I go well shit why am I thinking about that? I have no idea. I wasn't with
her then, you know? But it's like I don't know you
you love them. Just like you would
a biological child you almost
forget.
well
yes. That's
the worst thing
you can do is hide it. I remember when my daughter was like three and she came home from daycare and she said Tori says that you are not my real mommy and daddy is not my real daddy. And I kind of just went oh shit okay
wasn't ready to have this conversation yet. But I said to her,
I said so here's the thing you have another mom Who were you in her tummy. And so I went and got the picture and I said that this woman Olivia is your mom but I am also your mom, I'm the one who raises you. And so I said the same thing like you have another dad but we are your real mom and dad because we are the ones who love
you, we are the ones who tuck you in at night, we are the ones who whatever. And I mean my my ex husband was
like oh my God what are you doing? Like why are you telling her that and why are you showing her pictures? But for me it was like yes you have to be 100% open. She didn't understand everything that I said. She looked at me in a way that she needed me to tell her like and I said I am your real mommy but you also have another mommy. You know she was looking to me for that reassurance and um
I never lie. I'm one of those people who's so freakin transparent that I mean I
actually
I you can oh
look I mean some people are like how can you be like that? But I just believe in honesty and it's someone if someone likes me or doesn't like me or whatever, it's like they at least need to make a decision based on knowing me the actual me, not that, that we project to other people, you know?
So
I mean, yeah, some people think it's a little crazy again, but I don't care, you know?
Exactly. In our country, we pride ourselves so much being open
and
it's
like we totally aren't, you know, we're
judging everything and everyone all the time and it's so ridiculous. I mean,
no,
me
neither.
Forever.
Yeah. I mean there's a part of me that thinks that I will when I quit my traveling that I will move to another country, like the central America where I can retire cheaply and not have to deal with any of the bullshit. You know, America is a melting pot and that's a wonderful thing. But we don't accept, we don't like it. We it's in our, you know, bring us your poor your tired, your huddled masses on the statue
of liberty and all that stuff. But we don't actually believe it, you know? And like I mean I do, I totally do. Um
but it's it's ridiculous. Part of me thinks that I'll retire to a country like Panama, you know like live deeply beautiful weather and just forget all the bullshit. You know,
I know I'm trying
to hit my fight. It's called fire, you know financial retire early. I mean I don't think there's a chance in hell that I'll hit my number, but I'm
trying like crazy and if I can go somewhere else at least
for a while, that will help a lot, you know.
That
sounds so
anything.
Yes. I am a member of that too.
we should friend each other on facebook and we can talk
to the FBI.
I'm going to write this down
here. I got paper. What is your name?
R Y N
A N N E
Yeah.
yeah, I know.
Call.
Yeah. I don't know. Do you want my name in case you activate your facebook account?
first name is julie J U L I E. My last name is a tough one. Its blade. Oh it's B as in boy Alice in uh I don't know. Light. Oh
E. He is in dog. Oh
W so B
B
L O E
D O W is
pronounced. Yeah, it's pronounced blade. Oh, but
it smells
like blow dough. Yeah.
Uh or blow edo or whatever.
So
yeah, we should definitely an act,
I don't know how we end this chair. It's
new but in the end it what the hell?
Well maybe you just minimise that screen and then take the survey. I don't know.
Yeah. It says,
All right. Sounds good.
Nice to meet you too. Yeah.
Bye.