Hello
are we to start now?
Hi I'm Catherine.
Nice to meet you julie. I'm sorry my my dog is scratching and it's. Uh huh. Come on baby girl, come on go to your bed, go to your bed. So are you from Julian?
Oh wow. Uh I don't know how far that is from New Jersey.
Oh
um Not really enjoying it, it's like you're one of the first people that I talked to since the shutdown. So um yeah I mean I don't we don't really go out because we're living with my in laws right now and they're old so we try to minimize the going out stuff with my husband. Yeah.
So yeah it's been a while since I talked to another person side phone family. So I kind of like practice. So ah
it
plans
for
the weekend.
Yeah. Any plans for the weekend?
Yeah. Yeah it's uh my I'm talking to my husband and I was like you know what this pandemic is actually doing good for my mental health because I have a lot of anxiety and so being an introvert, it's uh it's a blessing for me, I'm not forced to like socialize and be out there and you know.
Nice. I mean, I don't know if it's a good news for you.
Yeah. I like the is that a paint painting in uh
in the background?
Oh yeah, it's really cool. Is
it like
is that
elephant? Huh? That's interesting. Oh now I see it, I thought it was a snake, like a cobra
with the ears. That's
yeah, the eyes and the ears. I I see it now. Yeah. So uh sorry, my my dog is really um distracted me. You have any dogs? Animals?
that's
good to hear. Yeah, I want to have a cat but my husband is allergic to cats and my dog doesn't like cats so
way so um if you don't mind me asking are you married kids?
Yeah. Well congratulations you got out of it? Yeah.
that's
so
cute. Yeah.
Are
you
dating?
Yeah.
Yeah. Well that's good to hear. Are you dating currently?
Well
it takes
time.
me too. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah like after 23 years I can't imagine not
wanting.
that's
worse than
physical
abuse.
Isn't,
You
loved
yeah you love that person and sometimes it's just you're you're blind too what he does and it's just it's hard.
Most of
family
Mhm.
Well that's that's really good of you, I'm so happy to hear that. Yeah, well
I am,
what was that?
Right Um actually it's our third-year anniversary next week to
uh yeah July 20 yeah three years. Um we're still not tired of each other not yet. Ask me again in seven years maybe but
mhm, yep, yep, I mean we we came from two different cultures so that's definitely um has two sides of the story, so sometimes it's a good thing because it keeps the relationship interesting but sometimes I'm like I'm so sick of your shit, I don't want to talk to you so yeah it definitely has its ups and downs. But I I got lucky because um I couldn't have backs for a better husband than my husband because it's literally like a saint. Like I feel guilty because how you're describing your husband, I'm like am I like that like emotionally abusing my like sometimes I would find myself blackmailing my husband to do things for me, but you know it's like okay baby can you do this for me because I am doing this and this, you know it's like sometimes I would force him to fold the clothes like the laundry because I hate doing that
but like you know it's we gotta do it something some someone has to do it. But yeah uh currently I'm busy preparing for um it's actually also his birthday Next week, so our anniversary is the 20th and then Um his birthdays on the 23rd. So it's uh Yeah. Yeah, I'm actually thinking what am I going to give to him? It's like you know every year I am reading out of ideas of what to give to him because it's like he's not
really into material things. So most of the time it's uh the experiences that he wants or likes more than you know, the the gifts that I give to him. So um this year I am surprising him to a
stay in upstate new york, so just the two of us and the dog for a couple of days just to unwind. And he works for amazon and he manages the building Which is like they literally work them 8200 hours every week every day.
Yeah. Yeah and I'm like well no wonder your boss is the richest man in the world. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you would think that having or working for a company like Amazon would command a really good salary but it's not which is like really surprising because with the amount of work that they give to them it's pay shit.
Yeah. Yeah. I would find myself complaining at two a.m. Because his phone is going off because there is a problem in the building and I'm like at you at least like you know four hours silence your phone is like if something happened and I'm not there or they can't contact me, I'm going to be in big trouble. So. Yeah. Yeah it's uh it's been promoted actually proud of them three times in less than two years which is which is a huge deal. And um recently he just got another it's a lateral move. But um he'll be working online so he's going to be working from home. None of those crazy um stuff working at the warehouse.
Um He manages yeah he manages extra large building, so mattresses, TVs, you know these big stuff and during the pandemic you would think who would order, you know those stuff like tv but they're still shipping like 1000 packages every day every day and that's like really really crazy for me. And yeah like where are these people getting money from? I thought you know the economy is down, people are going out of jobs but that people are still spending thousands of dollars for these things, so.
Something
about,
that's
you can.
That's true.
Mhm. That's true.
Yeah, that's true, yep. It's like I'm an immigrant, I just moved here like three years ago before I came here. Um I'm from the Philippines. So back home, my idea of America was free, health care, free education. And Diana came here. The first, the first thing that I did was um to uh Atlanta new york JFK and then I tried using one of the cards and I'm like, why is it locked, why can't I take one? And then the uh the the what if the janitor said, oh you have to pay for it. I'm like, what? I said 4 95 and I'm like, I've traveled a lot and this is the only country that I have ever been that I have to pay to use a card. I mean even in my country it's free. And I said to myself, I must be really in America because yeah,
and
I,
you you have to pay for this and it's just and then living here for quite some time. Uh it made me realize that um well this is America for me, I guess. It's, it's not as land of the free as I thought it is. You have to, everything, everything has a cost and consumerism here is embraced so much that even though I have a, I have a neighbor who has this huge houses so many luxury
cars, then how, how do you know that they're not in credit? Yeah. So
I mean,
Well,
Thanks.
it's
Because
it,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like my um, well, my in laws here, um, they would buy stuff because it's on sale like, so why do you have a six person tent? And like, well my parents thought if it's a good deal. Yeah. How many times do they use it once? And how many, how many, how long has it been stored at the garage? I don't know since I was a kid. Yeah. That's that's exactly the conversation that happens all the time here. They've got like a bunch of stuff sword everywhere around the house. And it's just crazy to me how you have all of this stuff that you Haven't used and there are stuff that haven't been used in 50 years and they're still there because it was a good deal at that time. Yeah.
No,
but.
Help.
fiber.
No. Oh
yeah. Yeah. My husband and I are talking about, it's either a tiny house for us or a van, like a converted van.
So
yeah so we could travel around, I've always wanted to travel around the States but because of his job and we're tied to one place but now that is also working from home I'm like you know what why don't we just build that Vanda we've always wanted to and it's really that much It's like I've seen a couple we can build one for like 20,000 25,000 and be your house we have you know all we need is a solar and an internet and a Porta potty.
and
Freedom
But
I
was
no.
It
mhm
What?
it's
allow
It's not
With
the official
kids
on
your
own.
I
mean yeah.
Or
not He'll get there eventually.
what?
it's
was
also
you know. Mhm.
Uh huh. That's that's exciting.
I
How we
get that do but
At
six
ft.
Yeah. Yeah. And at 60 or 65 you retire and then you go on cruises and uh
you
Of
the.
He's talking of kind of working I mean working 100 hours a week really tire you out. So right now he wants to get a certificate uh for I think program management or something so you can actually apply to other companies that okay we'll pay him more. Um Right now we're working
towards that but eventually his ultimate goal is to become a house husband, which I don't blame him. Yeah. Um but yeah, we don't have any kids not pointing on having any anytime soon. It's just, you know, it's expensive to have a kid and it will take a lot of your time. And um right now it's just for for my generation, it's just a, not a thing to do at our age is it's
like,
31 Yeah, yeah,
husband is 30. And
what
you had a hard time getting pregnant or when you were
different?
Well, Uh huh.
And Mhm,
Do
you like
yet?
And
Yes.
And
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know that's what my mom has been telling me because I grew up in a culture where 28 is almost considered a spinster. Yeah, yeah, so I've been, we've been married for three years and I'll tell you, my mom and dad has been asking me every couple of months, you know, when when am I going to see a baby from you? And I'm like, I don't know, maybe not ever. And they're like, yeah, your your room will expire and you know, the genes it's going a waste. And I'm like, the reason why I'm going to have a baby is because, you know, we're mentally financially emotionally ready, not because of the pressure of my parents. I mean, I understand that they're not getting younger. Yeah. It's just sometimes the pressure from them, it's just sometimes it it makes me think, you know, this is what they want for me, Maybe it's signed. But then I would list the cons of why we don't want to have a baby right now. And it's just okay. Maybe not, maybe not not right now. And I meet women who are like, like you, for example, who Haven't had Children until they were under later years and if I decide to, okay at 35, maybe I want to have a kid, I'm, I'm tired of traveling and I can't have a kid I'll adopt. Yeah. So
Basically.
Everybody,
yeah, every one of us has their own journeys. So yeah, how was it hard for you to adopt? Like what's the process?
Was
it
expensive?
for
Yeah. Yeah. And just
the
avoid.
He was
No.
It's
so what? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I understand.
Uh huh.
yeah it's just the emotional
toll of waiting for a year that sets of such weight. Yeah.
Well
Well. Uh huh.
Well
yeah and um I hope you don't mind me asking this was it hard racing an adopted child? I mean she she's different from, she looks different from you is like do people question you, do you get weird? Looks
what?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
What?
So
hope.
hold
up. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's that's really that's really nice because um I I had a I have a cousin who was adopted and um it's like in my family adoption is not really not exactly acceptable, it's not the word that I'm looking for but nobody told the child that she was adopted, its like taboo to tell the adopted child that you were adopted. So when um some of her classmates in school were teasing her oh you're you're adopted
it some mean word to taunt her that she was adopted and she came home crying everybody is saying that I'm adopted and my my aunt went to school and she actually berated the Children for for for yeah. Yeah and I was like why couldn't they just sit her down and tell her the truth because there's no use for them to hide these things because eventually she would know and God forbid she will you stop that.
They would
What?
You
Absolutely.
What?
Hello?
What?
I can sense
that.
Yeah.
Yeah, yep, yep, I got what you mean
and
if you if you always listen to what others are thinking about you, that's that's not how you live your life. I've ever had heart um hardest. Yeah, it's it's like for so long I've been a people pleaser and I'm still am sometimes I find myself wanting to impress the other person because I want her him to like me. But then I would realize why am I doing this if he or she likes me or she or he doesn't like me and so be it. It's like I don't want to live a life where I am limited by what other people might think about me before. Used to be so afraid of being criticized, especially after moving here. It's like I speak the language perfectly. But there's still this, um, this image of me in my head that I am inferior to everyone else because I did not, um, I wasn't born here. It wasn't raised here. We're still like when my husband and I got married, I, I received a lot of racist shit from his friends and that was really hurtful. I was like, why am I being, why why am I even here? It's like I didn't even choose to be here. It's just a certain circumstances, circumstances or situation just calls for for me to be here. But you know what I'm like, I forgive, I forget. That's it, I move on. But it's been a learning process for me because before um moving here, I never really experience any, any of those racist attack, but it happened to me and it just devastated me and then eventually you realize, you know, you either um lament on it for so long and it just affects you for so long or you just move on and just don't, you know, let those people prove that you you are what they say that you are dope.
well all
the
people
I bet.
Yeah. It's like I don't even watch the news now recently
just
as
I it should be called instead of United Divisive and I've been telling my husband, oh my gosh, I'm like, do you see what's happening right now? And like these people have come out of their caves and just spewing all that is hateful hateful stuff and it's not just from one side it's both sides are I think in my opinion are to be blamed. It's like no one backs down. No one wants to I'm not saying everyone but it's just you know
everyone has their own opinion. If your opinion doesn't agree with mine it's false news. So it's like it's crazy. Yeah. It is it is so
Please.
huh.
Really? Exactly. Like I eventually that's that's our plan to to move out outside of the U. S. Um Right now it's the only thing that's holding us back is his job. But once we hit that number that we need to retire outside of the US like bye bye. America
bit locker.
first.
But.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean even just lean fire. Have you also heard of that? Yeah that's right now that's what we're targeting. So as soon as we pay off the student loans of God the student loans um Yeah. Um as soon as we do that we can always go back home to the Philippines and not pay, you know a lot of money to live to actually enjoy life. Um But you know right now We're stuck here for I would say 3-5 years and then afterwards it's wherever
that's
them.
Yeah that's that's the plan. And I think what you're also doing is actually really great. I I haven't really talked to someone in I mean in person or in video call who uh knows about the fire movement. Yeah. Yeah. You're like the first person who I actually talked to. I am in I'm a member of the groups, you know facebook groups. Have you also heard of joseph? I
that too. So I'm a member but I don't I'm not really active. So you're you're the first person who actually heard? Yeah. About
would
I would love to. It's okay. Uh huh.
great.
Uh My name is Katherine, K. A. T. H. R. Y. N.
Uh huh. And then an with a double N. And E.
Mhm. And then uh
Villi R. V. As in Victory. And then I L. L. A. R. So right now my facebook is deactivated but I will activate it soon. Yeah. Yeah, it's just uh I'm protesting about uh what's happening with facebook right now. And I'm like, you know, fuck you, Mark Zuckerberg,
I temporarily deactivated it. But I can give you my email. Listen kate won't you can shoot me an email if you need someone to talk to just,
you know, rent about it. Or if you ever go here in the Northeast, we're also planning on visiting Oregon. If you happen to go to Oregon and you know, your tiny house and our bus, we could totally meet each other. Anyway. My email is D 80 D. As in dog. Okay. A as in apple Tsn table and then Catherine my first name at gmail. Yeah.
Yes. Let me get my Uh huh. All right. Ready. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Blue. Uh huh.
Blue.
Blue.
wow.
Well,
you
don't
Yeah.
That's the first time I heard last thing like it's
interesting.
Okay. Oh I've gained a friend today I guess. Thanks to this pandemic. Yeah. All right. Um So do we just, thank you Hang up?
there's
yeah we did a photo.
I guess so. I mean once we're done I guess we just move on. Just click the next page. Is that what it test?
Okay please return to this browser tab. Yeah just uh click the next um the link. I'm going to click it now. Oh if uh it disconnects. Um I hope to talk to you again.
Okay you have a great day. It's nice meeting you julie.
Yeah. Okay bye bye.