Hello. Okay,
you're good, you're good.
I know, I was I was just I think you're probably 10 minutes try not to click it early and being like what do I talk about now? What?
Yeah, we'll do the basics. Uh my name's Izzy.
live in Washington. Hello, I'm 22. I go to college and I work at my college.
Yes.
I'm setting an integrated design, which is a weird title. I really describe it as like the process of making anything but my like sub degree in that is multimedia.
marco
it's like a different sector of making stuff
thing,
but like a little more
physical
stuff and so Huh,
The real stuff.
I've lived in, I just recently moved
of my parents house Um but they live in the same city as me, so I'm like 10 minutes away of the general area. Forever about you
job,
get
it
out.
You have like a future plan set out now and you're like at least I know where I want to live experiencing
all that
working.
Yeah
I have
I only have like I think five classes left but they're all classes that I know right? But
they're all classes that are very like specialized so they're only like one a quarter to a quarter to quarter. I just want to get them all done now.
you're looking
at
the screen. I got you. What's that strange? I don't think I've seen
the truth.
What
kind is it?
You
bring
you one an hour. Uh huh.
Pretty recently it was
are
it was like not like super super. It was so because of all the covid stuff so So starters I'm a type one diabetic, so I'm in that one Category of Extra Carefulness.
And so I live with my parents and my dad was he's also diabetic, but he's also like, I don't know, he has a lot of health stuff, it was also kind of depressed, he's also Gotthard issues. Um So
he was
Mhm. You're like, it's just uh it's a good mine fun stuff, but so he we also think you have undiagnosed bipolar disorder,
there's just a lot of stuff going on that you have never thought about, you know? And so things at home were just getting really like to be a lot and I was kind of done being my parents counselor and a they weren't being careful
about covert stuff that made me nervous. I'm saying guys I kind of want to live. So my my older sister invited me to come stay at their house for like a couple of months was the first agreement. I was like, yeah, okay, I'll take a little vacation away from the house. And then
after that I was like, I will be like not living at home. Oh my gosh, it sounds
like,
Yeah, because
thank you. Uh Yeah, so through college I was able to like, Yeah, out of the house like 90% of the time, so I didn't have to be at home a lot and then go good, you know, the colleges don't remote learning and all that. So now I'm home all day. So, so then yeah, when I was like, I'm just gonna move in, this is much
better.
Mhm. She's been like my best friend since we were
kids,
You
please,
Dude,
I know.
I like exact
same. I never understand when people are like,
sibling or whatever and I'm like, what?
Not
out with them anymore.
Please.
So, Yeah.
It is, it's so weird being, yeah, like you're saying being out of the situation looking in and being like, whoa, right.
Uh
Yeah.
He just speaks
this month. Yeah.
your mental health matters.
Who's
crazy?
Yeah. It's like it runs the whole body and everything weird.
Mm hmm. It's crazy to think about like just a generation
ago,
how different things were and then a generation ago before that. And it makes me wonder like what the next generation is going to be like, I'm like, it's such a like we're such a like good generation here. But then I'm like, what problems are they going to find that we have? Uh
great.
Yeah. Oh my God.
And man,
it's so hard because everything is covered in them too, and
you're like,
you want
to buy
stuff
Vegas.
It's a lot. It's crazy that Covid and the elections are like simultaneous,
so
it's true. You can't just go to work,
come home and like forget about
issues when they're directed at you now.
You know, this is so change. Yeah. I haven't seen like a like let alone people. I don't always see them like every so often
meeting
someone right now. It's so, it's so
weird.
Like
it's been holding back.
Have you thought about
on the
computer?
Well, but sorry,
cousins uh through Covid, it's been, it's been kind of weird. I don't know, it's weird because there's like, navigating it
through Covid and then also navigating
it through. I'm paying for all of it myself now
from ripping
out. It's it's quite
strange.
Stupid.
Yeah. You're like, wow. There's so many things I pay for now that I got
my parents paid for it. Oh yeah.
Yeah. So it hasn't, well I can mail order everything that I never have to like go pick, step up or I don't know really how as much for any of that, which is nice. That's been pretty good. Um What else? It hasn't
been terribly different than normal. I just need to like monitor my carbs
better
because I bore them eat more. I'm like okay, I should probably start counting what I'm eating currently looks okay, but let's see. Yeah,
not bad,
thank
you.
Perfect.
I want to be surprised
like while we're talking, I was like, I wonder what they're like pinpointing in conversations.
Like
because I feel like how could anyone not get to it at some point? Just both pretend that you're both.
I've been hanging out a particular reason.
Look here.
true.
Safety's
being,
Come on.
Put on my little get out my psychologist arm jewelry. So I could psychiatrist named
today.
That's an expert on these kind of things, you know?
War
Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. That one is well, it's technically the Squire but my dad like gutted it so it has the in insides of offender. Huh? When
I shut
up,
you're
like,
well,
hi.
just now I was
like,
God imagines it. Mhm. Now
I have to
play.
that's what they're actually looking for, how long it takes. Justine 18 minutes fascinating.
How
did they move in. Mm That's trying. Yeah.
Oh, that's
great.
Hold
on
1
2nd.
I Gotta okay, here is proud staff. Yeah, it's not good.
Well
this is mochi,
nothing's
out there.
she's
like, that's the thing. Why should I think mom, hey? Hello? Running,
relax.
What sticking away up
here? Lean on.
I've only had many dogs.
I've
only had your dogs by far the smallest I've ever had.
When I was Really little, I had, well when I was little until I was 16 I had a big malamute and I love her. Um
and then I had a giant black lab and now currently alive at my mom's house. It was a uh what is he like? A spotty mix? Oh,
he's like a bone short hair and a springer. And he's only and they now have like a plot hound named lulu. Uh huh
They're all quite large. So when she goes over she gets chased like uh huh.
I mean we're not like
But most seem like it's such a strange concept of being like you will be my pal,
Here's
$500.
Or
I buy one, you should be eating
You will love me because I bought you from a young age and
you know, nothing else. Mm You wouldn't stop. Yeah.
Um let's see.
Oh that's where we're headed. Yeah. Big on guitar.
I've been playing 11 years now.
Our
it's just
over a decade. I I just recently had a birthday so it's now decade.
Thank you.
This is I like the electric a lot but I like my fix a lot more and this is my favourite one. Hook. Yeah.
fine.
Yeah, I love guitar, I most of my hobbies are music
and like
laden those were the like
factory
uh one so music, I play, I mainly play guitar. Um but I I play UKulele and piano kind of on the side and I do a lot of singing uh and my older sister things also actually, so we do a lot of like movies and
songs.
it's super fun that stuff and then art wise I do a lot of digital art um
and I paint, draw about whatever stuff. Um What else do I do for fun? Um
Played
write
a play to switch a lot that's up there.
Home
animal crossing for
so
good. I was so like critical, I was like
uh everyone's playing animal crackers and let's see if
this is anything, then I was like okay.
No I've had which
ones?
game
that's
like my favorite.
it's so
good.
The control the look of it.
United.
Out brilliant.
I used
to play um How old are they? D.
S. S. I feel like they're like 2000 and seven inch actually.
let me grab it. I can see it from right here.
This one there is this one. Uh huh. Uh huh. Out of my spot Doug. But yeah my boyfriend at the time let me borrow animal crossing and when we broke up I forgot about it a year later I was like mhm.
Bit late now.
All
So
practical.
Prison.
This
is uncomfortable.
Uh huh That's a couple levels of of weird like
No.
Yes go for
it.
twit
you
can't
remove,
hey,
it's
smoking for what
noise
more?
and
I
got this.
that's such a hobby to like you
directly get stuff from it
and
please.
It's crazy.
I
was because I love reading, I was like, yes
and
huh
Space
Cowboy.
the way people have been.
not good.
I
feel
like
um I read a lot of kind of stuff I like mm
gosh, maybe I'll just take you in my bookcase. Let's tickle. Why not travel. Okay. It's just a really cute birthday card my friend made recently. It
wow, it says no admittance to click on party business like
from The Hobbit. My dogs don't have to put her down. Okay.
I like a lot of classics We've got easter even is probably my favorite
book. I'm
john
steinberg.
Okay. Well, well, if it's actually pointed there, we got this is like the classics
shelf
and then that actually
I think
thanks. And then let's see, I used to be like super into it, a lot of murdering with these. So I liked
Christie a lot.
Whoa.
Do a quick another skin. Okay, let's see. So here we have, what is this like doing? Okay, Like childhood books on the left. There's, let's see. So I'm a christian. So I have like spiritual books at the end here and then in between Yes, Lewis, because there's some childhood books and then spiritual
books because you wrote both. I was like
segue. Mhm Okay, Chronicles of Narnia. So I was like, well that's a nice little segue right into it. And then let's see another little segue. This is a rock painted by someone who was
in the living tribe, which is the tribe that I'm form.
Yeah, the Lummi
traffic
l um I Yes. All right. Let's
see.
Yeah, yeah, very locally based. I think just about everyone from when we are still in this general area of being, let's see,
thanks. My dad's white. And then my mom is native manner, native american, Panamanian and then there's like some white in there somewhere.
it's a fun
little
no, like that's been melting pot lately. Okay. I think I'm almost done because the bottom shelf is like miscellaneous stuff.
We've got horror stuff going into like kind of thriller drama, like Gone Girl World Wars and um and then it goes into
like
adults, hard fight Runner and it goes into a kind of
random because this is a book about the parts of the caribbean and then we go into like documentary slash informative. There's like some books about native american stuff.
There's these uh these products are super cool. These are these comics called
out.
I love them. That's just great.
it's
so expensive. It's
like
Yeah that's what I have one specific book in there somewhere. That's
very
I was going to say let me find it. Okay let's see. There it is. It's a book that was my very first college professor gave me. She was really cool.
It is Kathleen Alcala. Alcala.
It was her favorite book. Not her
favorite but Castres, it's called mrs vargas in the Dead naturalist. This is the cover,
it is Kathleen with a K. And then Alcala with an accent
under the last A. So it's felt like A. L. C. And then L. A accent
clean cut.
It's fairly old if it says anything over here because I know it was my professor's favorite for a long time also and she is old.
She
was right took her class was the very last quarter she was teaching at all and I was like oh
It's super fun I think is published.
Ah Let's see.
I'm pretty sure the first version was published in 1985 And later
versions
early 90s.
Got
a hit you know everything.
At that like creator the fireflies feeling like
is my. Okay.
No.
Two
I know
I'm trying to down
like I'm curious
prodigy.
love that there's like
us. We don't
agree with that. You'll know when referring to this best friend.
All
That rings eight bill.
Well,
well, well,
you want,
You know that genre
capitalism?
Yeah,
mm
We've
been,
mhm No, I'm
good to talk longer. It's just weird.
Like, like we both set
the sticks were like the first new person each other's met in a long time. So I think
we're both
like, yes, new blood.
Okay. I guess
you underestimate how long I've been in here. Mhm. Let's
see.
I'm
like, anyway, the weather now. No, I so right now
my work at school is I'm the
the editor in chief at the school newspaper. So I do a lot of little flippy things bugging me so much go down.
I wanted
to flip all the way over though. I'm like if you're really slip. But so so I've been doing that for almost four years the whole time I school. And so I really like writing stories and reporting and interesting and stuff like that. Doing that a lot. So I'm thinking about about applying
for newspapers after this or just online writing or but then
I also like I also really enjoyed videography and photography and stuff related to multi editing
something.
really.
Yeah. Cool. I'm just about to start a photography in friendship with my best friend's mom because I need to
do an
internship
to finish my degree. They did like a quarter of internship in the show. Like you have experience in the real world. So I just asked her,
I asked my best friend's mom. I was like, you know like just got to shoot with. I think he's like,
she does portraits, weddings, micro nature. She does like a
lot.
You're good. Yeah, she does like everything be
nice because then I can learn like everything
I heard every single thing ever. Like
done. Yeah.
Mm And just being here.
Me too. I did like,
I don't
know.
It's just
mhm. Because then like it's really different. Like I like the ones where you can follow
up
and get more information about the study that they're doing and then they they're like, yes, the results of this and you're like, whoa, they gathered
more
um on this specific site just over a month. I'm prolific. Yeah.
I've
gotten this one but I thought it was cool. So I guess
jones
Yeah.
My mom. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What?
it's cool.
that's like super useful for online career or freelancing
you feel like?
what
do you think?
thank you.
Glenn
I can totally read this at the same time as listening. Yeah,
it's
not
good.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. I don't understand how so my college is, well, it's not complete, it's almost completely remote except for the classes where they like need to be in person, like nursing for
like,
But the fact that tuition is the same price right now as it would be in person is it's
if you weren't already certain my college was a scam before, like
lemonade problems.
Cruz,
And you're admitting the initial scam.
And
just and all of us like we are going to school so
the fact that they can get away with it, I feel like it's just they're like, well everyone
is
still going to school.
They're just being dead. So
The
act.
There
good
is
What?
What? No, it's true though like and I don't, I don't understand how there's still people being like, it's not that bad. I
Yeah. And a lot
of like,
nah, we're chill.
I
was
definitely earns $10 million on my own.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like even like the like good millionaires that you know are for, you know, like like buildings, he's a pretty around Washington who could probably like well seeing figure,
but
it's so complicated. He has such
Yeah. Which it's so weird. I always wonder like if I came into that amount of money, like what would happen, You know, it's almost like becoming a celebrity where you're like now I am under the public eye now I have these resources. I
feel
like if I want like the lottery, I think I would want to give
it away like right away because there's so many problems with having money like
What?
Arabian melissa starts I don't know
who's to say
That's
so funny.
Me, me and my sister talked about starting to commune like away from the world because
we're like,
I just so
tired.
Most
individuals.
Yeah, you can still do like healthcare, you're like
Well
it's
how
Oh that's
science.
They
particular
studies on it.
Do it in your heart
count?
huh
Go for
it.
Ooh.
I I am so confused. So I
I'm always so conflicted, conflicted because I hate the two party system. But also yes,
also white. Like it's still not changing, although there are more third party voters, which I think is good because it means people are actually eating through pamphlets and being like, oh I
actually do end up with whoever, which is nicer. So chances of the third party voting are pretty high because obviously not trump and and biden is such a slime bag that I
Back to you. This is my brother Nate. Now, we just checked
my gosh. Mm
I got you got boxes of Gertrude's again from boys and young boys and girls confuse them later. Sorry, what's your name again? I totally blanked out
asking
shy. This is ty we did like uh I'm going
in the right place and it's for this one you get linked up to a random individual and we hit it off so we're still chat.
Yeah.
I for one am voting for Kanye.
got it.
You're
oh my gosh,
you're,
there's gonna be a percent in there.
Yeah. My theory is like if it's big enough they might think of being like, hey maybe we need a third option.
Police
officer.
this is vice yet? Did he choose his vice yet?
You know everything
says
so quotable?
what?
says nothing and then is president Okay.
Nothing. Okay. Well here, see how that plays out
that.
yeah, if
you hit
him,
you don't
have
to him.
Following
my heart.
It's yeah. It's it's weird who you see on like republic. I I would they didn't have to pick like this or
that. I feel like there's any like, it should just be like,
are you voting for this
person or this person not republican or democrat? Yeah.
Versus and you're like, why
can't I just look at the issues that they actually care about what
they've
actually asked.
No.
I whatever,
The
glass came out for that one. Really? Okay.
yeah. She's coming
back.
shit.
She doesn't.
yeah. Actually, um, those new parents, I haven't worn them around you, you know?
Oh,
that's right, styling.
Shoes are there, um, this is the same two boxes and I got, yeah, I got a box slots
for everything. I'm fine. That was it volunteers at the boys and girls club. And so sometimes they
give him every thursday they give them groceries to just because they
get
a lot of donations. There's too many food bank is there? The food bank? So they have like, instead of people going and grab grabbing what they want. It's like boxes of like pre made things. Yeah. And they just put in the back of their car and then they go off. So
it's
like
Let's see. Last week we got language. Yeah. We got a bunch
of fruits and veggies, just a bunch of dairy. And we're all
we're all not financial boil off here. So we're like groceries.
Mhm. Building a lot of my card. Okay.
Yeah.
it
was
Well, exactly
the plan while. Yeah. I
I I can I feel very much the same. I can't
vote for someone that I like. Don't
support
connect.
I
feel
like I'm selling my soul
like
getting up there. Mm hmm.
That
look.
just let it lie in over. It's fine.
you
wake
up everything set up? True.
Yeah. You too. No, you
That's all of them.
Just
uh cool. Sharpening a knife. Yeah. What was that Future and Deborah.
Thank you as you wish.
Like I do wish you like a mhm
thanks.
Thanks you too.
And with your moving.
Yeah, me too. I was okay. Just a quick will sign. I was so worried. I was like, I don't know if I'm gonna get matched with. I don't Know what they're like. I don't like how am I going to 45 minutes? What if we like, don't click at all? This is like a nice
fries.
huh. Mine
too.
Something very Yeah. If you want to trade programs or anything like that.
I think
that's
good because
I
have to reinstall instagram.
Um, I'd say number is better.
Don't listen shooting
up.
one, Okay.
Oh, just a warning very
fast.
I'm holding. Yeah.
that is very fancy.
Okay. Here, let me copy and send you a type so you can find who I am.
huh.
It is.
I
think. Okay. Good. Okay. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah.
Mm hmm. I don't know. Mengel, I hear you down there.
Like
I'm
already
ready.
I already mentally prepared to meet a stranger. Yeah.
All right. See you later. Good luck.