Very much. Okay,
so no prompt? Huh?
I guess like how old are you? Where are you from, What do you do?
Hi. Yeah.
Okay. Well I'm try Um and I'm 23 and I currently live in Connecticut, but I'm actually moving to Pittsburgh tomorrow um
and I'm going there for grad school. Yeah, so my work is my school, but yeah, What are you studying?
cool. Got it. I do um Material science Engineering, which is like
also the process of making things,
making the thing, but the steps and making
it.
I have
and I'm
I'm like not digital.
Are you from Washington? Oh,
hi. Okay.
Um So I'm from Brooklyn new york. Um
and then I went to Pittsburgh for undergrad and returning to my undergrad, so I had like it was actually really nice, I fucking hate new york, but I didn't
know how much I hated
me
until I left new york. Um But I've found like right now I live in a really rural area um and it's just like filled with trees and I go foraging and it's really nice. So I'm a little fun to be going back to like a city type area, but At least I know where I'll be living. Like my 50s. Yeah.
I didn't.
Do you
know what you're, so are you entering your senior year? Okay.
Got
it.
Yeah.
Got it. Also just by the way, like my cameras in a really stupid place. See it's like right by the keyboard so it's gonna look like looking at you. But I'm looking at you
like
champions.
So bad. Don't get the laptop. Like
I don't recommend
it. Not.
It's a dull, it's like I can find out the specific brand if you're shopping for laptops and want to
avoid like you can buy
the bottle.
But I guess that wait, so how recently did you move out of your parents
like good recently
or like.
Okay. Got it.
dad
kind of depressed too, but no physical.
Yeah. Okay. Got it.
Not
Have
you looked
at it at college? Oh,
okay.
That's
very, Yeah. A few things. one. I'm happy that you have like uh what seems to be a good big sister. He's like,
it
makes such a difference. Like I love my big
brother
so much and everyone else is like, I hate my sister, I hate my brother
and work. I
love my daughter and it's made my life so good like. Yeah.
Hello?
Over the back.
Just
what? Yeah.
It's so sad that like because you have to be around you can't escape your sibling for so long. So like a lot of people go home to just a fucking asshole like every day. So yeah, but I'm happy you have your sister and that she's like
watching out for you. Very good. Um And also like they congrats on moving, there's like a little black somewhere, congratulate moving out of your house too because I feel like it's such a I also think it's kind of crazy like I remember like I have a good really, I have a very good relationship with both of my parents but my dad's like depressed and like moody and whatever the fuck and like so growing up I kind of like play counselor to him which like the shit to your emotional development.
Super weird. Not appropriate. So I remember when I was leaving for college, my mom is like, I'm so happy that you're going to be like leaving home. Like I think that you'll see so much more about the family dynamics. And for a while I didn't really like, I was like, no, I basically got it down but it was really interesting being a little more removed from my household and just seeing like I'm like, oh shit like now that I'm not like a part of it, it's fascinating seeing the interactions between different family members and stuff like that. So I think it's like it's a huge learning experience. Like emotionally and then like personally you're like, oh shit to reflect that
Uh
huh.
Yeah. And then also like I feel like um when I talk about like my mom's like aunts and uncles, like my older like aunties and stuff. I feel like they're like so many undiagnosed mental health things because like it was just a time period where they're like, oh no, he's just fucking insane. Whatever that means. We're like, oh no, he's just moody. And it's like,
no.
So I do think it's interesting seeing like the level of recognition of mental health problems and like older generations and how a lot of that was just kind of like explained away. But in fact it's like you can be diagnosed and there's like treatment and shit like you should check it. Yeah.
Yeah. I know it's
like important. It's
part of your whole existence kind.
So yeah, funny people try to ignore that one for. So
come on
here.
I know. It is kind of fun playing that game. Also like thinking of like what are like the things that we do now that future generations assuming that there are future generations you like will be like hat was so fucked. Like just a fun game. Single use
plastics that I'm gonna be on. Like
sometimes like I get in like these swings where it's like every time that like I like buy something it's like in plastic and like okay. And then I'm like wait, I'm like stuff like millions like so long to like a
like
I
know.
I
just
yeah, it makes me so
mad. It's like I wish I had the option to like that's something oh man, jeez, I'm about to get because it's like, it's like capitalism and like things I've been thinking about during covid with capitalism and then like how people are forced to be like estranged from like their food and shit and just so much stuff. Oh my God. Like America is so much like.
Yeah. I think
it's kind of good though just because I think that like Covid has done such a good job at like making people think about their lives and like work and family and the government and I think that those are good things to be introspective about before an election comes up.
Vision.
No.
Yeah. And I also love that like people have been working less and when that happens like there's more time to think and that's like such a big thing like people being like too busy to like think and like take a step back. But yeah. Oh but I haven't it's also fun. Like I haven't spoken to like anyone knew it so long.
You
but
you'll
have to excuse like all of like the social and societal critique that's just like coming out of my ports.
Like it's just like,
it's been like building inside of me for so long. So like everything anyone says, I'm like actually,
yeah. How has it been navigating covid with the type one, diabetes? I have some cousins
who have
type one. Yeah.
had some great,
Mark.
Like,
You
know
that's
the shitty shitty part
of moving out. It sucks so why can't hate that?
It's like
huh.
Over.
but
the trouble.
I've noticed for me yet.
Yeah. I've notice it hasn't been that huge of a switch for me. Like I think that while I've been here, I spend most of my times in the woods and in some ways it's like kind of fortuitous because I'm switching um graduate programs because I don't like I
don't like my advisor.
Um Yeah, so like I didn't have to see her for like the last like two months
and us and like I Oh good. And like I also didn't have to do like lab research that it was just like and then I got to like just like live with my boyfriend for months, and like that was nice and but it also makes I don't know, it also bothers me because it's like it was so nice spending quality time with someone for that long, and I'm like, fuck, like hopefully you can like save up a vacation, like a vacation days or some shit, I can have a free schedule and have vacation days and then we can hang out for a month. Like what a treat. Just like people should be able to do this all the time. Not fair. But anyway, it hasn't been too thick. I think the most stressful part was um like back at home. Also side note, I feel like a part of the study is just like how long does it take for people to mention, go
I mean it.
Yeah right. And like cove, it's got to be on there. I think everyone's like
conversations started.
basically I
normal you know?
But I shit, I can't remember what I was gonna say. Oh yes. The most stressful part is that like my brother's girlfriend is a nurse and my family like lives in new york city. She lives with my father and my mom
was, my parents are divorced but they're super tight and like my mom is living there during a woman and she like didn't want to leave the house and I was like um could you fucking go like I
love you. But like
It's like my mom also like was recovering from pneumonia. My dad's in his 50s and I'm just like girl and he doesn't like charge them friend and he buys all their food for them. Like I'm just like, so that part sucks. But it was nice like being able to advocate, being able to be like an advocate for my mom being like the ship cast. That was some cool like family dynamic stuff
that was like, wow, I'm so happy and not there and I can really see how everyone's failing in different ways. Uh huh.
Well,
mother.
huh. Also I see your guitar back there. You got
what? Uh huh.
I don't
know what
that means, but it
sounds. What
did you find?
What
did he want? You said I have.
Are
you? Yeah.
thank
you.
My jazz. And it's got to come out at some point.
mm hmm. It's the longest it's taken
seven. Hello.
My school actually like not totally remote. Which is fucking stupid hype.
Just fucking dumb because I have to go to Pittsburgh and
pay rep. What can I like stay at home because you all are going to close that chin up anyway. So like they're closing it after things.
Oh, you got to pay for their, you need to
turn
to your
pepper.
What's
in the morning?
I'm Ot.
Good afternoon. Uh huh. Yeah.
Well, you don't know.
Thank you.
Evans,
he loves them. Is that a leg? leg or arm? That
I
would think you getting a dog? I've never had one before. Uh
You've
had money?
What other kinds of dogs have you had? Mhm
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
was thinking like a dog would fix a lot of my quarantine problems.
Like moving to Pittsburgh and we have one friend there probably gonna have to quarantine, I can hang out with a couple day long. I want to go hiking. I'll have like a buddy slash bodyguard. And like it just sounds cool. It sounds weird though because I'm like, I'm just gonna buy a fret.
I know
it's like
it is really straight, just like, like I should just make breath
now so
much easier. It will have to love me.
What?
Are you big on guitar?
We are hobbies. That's the next next line of questioning, obvious.
It
That's a good
amount of guest over
the weekend.
Happy belated birthday.
Very well.
I've always wanted to I wish I could play an instrument but I can't. I never like we didn't have like money for like lessons and stuff growing up. I guess my brother is not a guitar and he managed to like, I don't know, he pulled it off when I was in middle school. I had the opportunity to find a car but like my fingers are like fucky and weird so it's like I couldn't like, I don't know, there's some shit where you gotta move your pinky. And I was like, I think you can't do that. It's like I was like 1/7 grader, so it's like a very uncomfortable right now and I can't, I was my guitar experience, but I think it's so cool. Like so beautiful. And then it's just like vibrations and like that's so funky and cool and like you've been cool. I think that's so cool. It's like they're like masters of air or like to sending you like
sound waves shit. It's so like super fancy.
Well,
what?
tell
me that.
harmonize
and shit. Yeah.
Oh.
It's
okay. That's that's a good amount of stuff
of
game, what switch game do you have a big one or you just
do it? But
I was I was going to assume that when I hear
just like my family crossing. Yeah.
Back
No.
Have you played, is this the first version you plan? Yeah.
again
a few buttons. She
was
so,
I love the game cube. It's like weirdly the best gaming
system
outside.
so perfect. The cute the game
cute, So good intended. I also had a Nintendo 64 though and that was also a fucking dope, but like game Cube.
Yeah, divine. But I played animal crossing on. Thank you. That's
you.
cheap.
That feels right. I have no idea though.
All
Whoop
it. It's so nice. The things that I've forgotten after the breakup, like small one is like I dated a korean girl and she had like an ear
cleaner and like
it was my first exposure to
like community here cleaner, and it was like, mine. And yes, and then recently this one fucking annoying. I was hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend and her boyfriend let her a sweater and I was cold, so she lent me the sweater and then I drove home. Those motherfuckers have broken up and I'm not going to see this girl and like, God
knows how long. So like, now I have a fucking ex boyfriend sweater, like, I don't want that shit, like,
I do
like a nice gesture, but like, I don't want that, like, too many levels.
many, too
many weird levels. Um As far as I'm gonna do my turn with hobbies.
So
I while I've lived here, I've been really into foraging for mushrooms has been really good um and just like plants and stuff like that, and that's been a really really great experience. I feel like it's changed my perspective on a few things. Like I think especially growing up in new york like when I went outside and I saw plants just like yeah whatever plants great. But like
plants, no
one even knows
who you
are. Yeah. But like these now like I see a player and it like has so much it can do through sometimes and like especially like native americans note so much motherfucking shit
about
all the shit.
please
thank you your ancestor.
But like and it's it's made the world like so much more dynamic in a way. Like instead of they're just being like houses and like plants, it's like houses and then a whole bunch, it's like a museum of like a bunch of like different beautiful unique things and
it's like made life so much richer that way. And then it's also been really nice to just be able to like have foraged meals and I'm like like
any ocean.
Yeah and it like feels nicely to eat something knowing that like there was no like soy flavor or like wage that like any of that bad stuff and it's like, so that's been really nice. Um plants are just beautiful. My boyfriend is a gardener. So I dated him and I learned a lot about plants. But before that I was into like foraging mushrooms and stuff. So that's been really nice and that's been like my favorite new hobby.
It's
I know it's fucking
insane because like for me with the mushrooms and like there's free food on the ground like where
is everybody?
I don't, whenever I find anything, I'm always like so surprised it's there and like why aren't people just like, it's free and like very nutritious and like lots of protein, like some of them have anticancer properties, like aren't you digging it like anyway, but like so for James a big one and then they used to be a huge reader, but then school happened and then I was not a huge reader. But um and getting back into reading again. What the classic?
What?
It's nice. Nice. Well well we can poke into the literature shortly.
And um other than that, I like I like drawing a lot. I always have like some art random RT thing happening. And recently when I was living in Connecticut, I got really into doing collages. So I've been doing like weird. I have some I just got them laminated, but it's really weird because they're like multiple collages on one page, but it's like that's a
collage, so they're like freeform
kind of
collage be taken through.
Like, so just like a bunch of a bunch of those. So like I've been doing it just got them laminated because they're fucking pain in the ass to me. I've been like taping them on my wall and like, I can't do this. You're too fragile.
Uh Yeah. So I think that foraging has taken up most of my time and then the collage ng and then rename. And I think those are my, I used to play a fuck load of video games, but I don't play video games anymore because I played too many video,
so no
more. How our video doing some latin.
Yeah, tone it down a little bit. So yeah. What kind of stuff do you read?
of course.
that's so nice.
Yo
Here.
What?
it.
I'm
looking, I'm looking at him. Just do a slow pad
you've
got
oh, they dig
your classic shelf?
Got it.
Okay. I'm just getting into like noir.
Like that's been like refueling my new, so like I'm really excited to get into that genre because I think for, well anyway, show me your books and then I'll talk about uh huh
But
I got it. Okay.
work.
Oh, what's it again?
What?
Let me
Was
that different washing, like in the Washington area or?
And just for ancestry facts, My mom's jamaican and my dad's jewish. He's from boston makeup.
combos. Uh,
you're
getting so many fun racial combos nowadays.
Okay. Got it.
they want
to help. yeah.
No.
Oakland.
if
it's no good. I know. Mt
I'm pretty well versed in my like adult graphic novel section. Really digs graphic novels so they're fucking expensive. So he buys them.
But I read,
for
me to otherwise I think that like, yeah, I've traditionally really liked surrealism, like magical surrealism. And I started, I think that like some point in high school, I started kind of like going by region a little bit. So like I bring a lot of like latin and south american a magical serialism which is like they're like the best of that in my opinion. Um
What is
that?
Calvino.
I don't know. It.
What?
And what's the name of the author again,
But
Okay. Got it.
Yeah. I haven't heard of her, do you know when the book was published? Yeah.
Okay. Got it. All the all got
it.
lucky. It's so nice. Like the last Yeah.
It
Okay. You don't have to you don't have to trouble yourself.
about
it.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna check it out. Because like one thing I found like a lot of um south american surrealist like fucking love like talking about all the other surrealists in their books like I know like there's you know Melania Mhm. He's one author and like I swear to God he has had like pages like three full small text, full pages just listing authors and I'm like what the fuck? So I was surprised I had it. It was good at shirt at first. It's great because I was like, oh infinite authors for me to read. And then I'm like, okay we get it. You like you're being balon,
you know?
So I went there and then I was like reading, I really like, like japanese stuff, especially like things from just after World War two London got like a special kind of sadness going on. Like
yeah, you know, like sadness is a part of existence. Like I'm so sad. It's just like I am living. It was crushing.
Yeah, so I've liked that stuff a lot and then
I've just read like other shit sprinkled in between. I've been really fortunate that like my dad has a friend who's like forget what the word is, but its whatever the word for like a self taught geniuses, you know? Remember when it's, but he's like red
fucking do you know, are you thinking the word? Do you know
it?
You
know it? But I can't remember.
It looks No, it's not a prodigy. It's like a wait, can I ask? Ask my dad really fast. Uh huh.
How
are you?
Here we'll have a speaker adventure.
Hi dad. Wait, I have a really quick question. I'll call you back shortly. But what's what do we call john again when you've caught yourself all this stuff like when you like taught yourself all this stuff that you know and you're like a genius. What's that called? Oh thank you. Okay, great. Thank you dad. I'll call you soon. Bye. Fine. He's an auto data. There we go. So
she's very taking everything. So he just like turns out book recommendations. So I've never had to like it's been I've just been really fucking like he's like read this, it's good to read this. It's going like, wow, that's really good. Really good. That's really
good. So
Yeah. So and then I'm gonna get into a noir. And then I also feel like lately
I've been wanting to read more like black history um Like why America's evil like capitalism, evil stuff. The next that's like the next.
Thank you.
Yeah. Uh Yeah, that's what I'm interested in. Yeah. Um
Yeah. So
we've been talking for more than our a lot of time we can
continue
talking. Yeah. If you want. But if you like got shit you want to do, you can go and do it
hey.
What do you want to talk about?
The stakes are low.
I
know.
Fuckers are gonna be like damn. I have to listen to three hour line conversation. Lonely.
We are.
You
know what you want to do after school? No pressure. If you just want to change the topic, just change it.
You know, you don't want to.
Yeah.
Hi.
I think you like it a little bit. It's a little fun, isn't it? Just doing
little
Believe.
What?
My
dad's a photographer. Yeah.
He does. Um interior photography. Like interiors and facades and shit.
Take
your
pick.
What?
what kind of photography does she do?
Sorry,
dropping my ring.
you
all the things. Yeah.
professional photographer finished check next please.
I think it's because those are also things that you can like pursue and parallel to like. And I think that that's really nice. I think that people forget that like now your career, but you can also have a bunch of other shit you do. It's something that can make money. You cannot make money. But like it's nice. My mom recently pitched like an interesting idea of like uh because I've been looking for online shit because I'm like, I would like to have some money please.
Yes. Hello. This is a part of that scheme. Um I do like taking surveys and shit ball. I think they're so fun.
I'm
little
weird
and I'm like,
I
believe you.
How
I haven't heard, how long have you been doing it for?
Okay. Okay. Cool. So I've been thinking about the same amount of time. I haven't gotten any follow up. They won't follow us. I'll
get some
Yeah. Cool. Got it. Um Dammit. I was talking about something I don't like
jobs. Yes.
So my mom is like you should like think about my mom's like very wise and smart and graceful and beautiful. Perfect. And I love her but
mother isn't really um And she was like you should like also think about like an online career. She's like you have like your viral career and then like you can also like have something that you can like level up like for online stuff like mother that is very good advice. I don't know how to actualize it, but thank you. I love it. I'm like probably I can do some like
data analysis or some shit like I just know how to do like stuff. I can do stuff like if someone's like in program and do this thing and stuff I'll be like okay whatever like I can work it out. Yeah,
But
I don't normal. I have to get like certifications and stuff and I hate thought, you know, there's
so rose
I it
becomes like a challenge to be like, can I get the certification while I watch multiple movies? I think there's a problem with online. Like I can't, I'm so bad at online classes. I feel like I am aggressively trying to get in the way of my own progress. Like
it's like, I'm just like, well, I could have this window open and a Youtube video, but I'll have that on mute so I can listen to this music. Well, they scroll through this other page.
I hate it so much.
But
also
just another note. I think that the reason why my school is doing a hybrid model, like some other schools are doing it is just because they don't want to lower tuition because they're assholes.
I'm
like massage therapy class. Uh huh.
It's ridiculous.
I know. I think that one problem. Sorry, in lemonade, this is some
Always think that one thing is like for them to cut the costs, they would have to justify the cost in the first place. Like how do you cut something that's already way
more expensive than it needs to be or should be? You can't because then you're just like we decided to cut by 50% and it would be like, why fucking why? Like is that how much?
Yeah, exactly. So I can see the difficulty and reducing tuition because like, what the fuck am I paying for? Not
blow
All
And
what?
I'm
so tired of this shit, man. Like I talk to my boyfriend recently and I feel like it's such like a typical early twenties, like early, early mid twenties thing to be like meaning like some kind of like social or political revolution, but like I'm like, I can like feel, I'm like, I would say like I can feel myself like scoffing at myself from like the past and the future, but it's like this is the age where we learn how things work and before we have economic stakes in anything. So like the most unclouded eyes like before we're invested in how in the system that's like completely fucked. We're just like, wait this is horrible and deranged and cruel. Maybe we should change it like right now by a lot like how to do that. I am not so sure, but
I know
that have the feelings in my heart not allowed to do and uh I
don't know, I feel like part of me is like I just want to fucking burn everything down and start
over. Like I recently
my boyfriend sent me an article called afro pessimism and it's the idea, it's like it's like a relatively new thing, the boot, but it's like the idea
that like the possession like black people can never like truly progress in society because it's like american society in particular is like founded on the inferiority of black people and brown people. And that the only way for progress is to just like burn that shit down. Start over again, it's like we're not gonna get anywhere with like the current dynamic and I'm like like that like I'd rather have like a kind of devastating house fire and then like a really nice house than live in like a really shitty leaky house until I die. That's the way I'm thinking of it, but I'm a little bit of radical so
Great. Yeah, I think once again it's just like people who, once you're benefiting from it, I can see how addictive that is and then once you've like, I feel like if you're like in your 40s, it's difficult to completely renounce the system that has like helped you grow, reach where you are. Like even though it's also like set you back in so many ways, you're like no, I have a house because I worked hard, like I have like I met my husband because of whatever the fuck and it's just like too many steaks people get too invested in as they get older.
Were
you here? If they're very successful Yeah, fucking money. By the time you're like 24 you'll be like no americans, cool,
so
you
like it, I like it
on on your own and it's like what was it? I remember it wasn't that long ago when I first heard like someone was like if you're if you have like hundreds like tens of millions of dollars or if you're a billionaire like it is impossible to earn that money like you have it's only possible to like steal that money from other people like and like Yeah that sounds pretty true.
the complicated
motherfucker, that man
problematic but done good things but really fucking problem. Yeah.
and
then
no.
yeah. I mean I think one thing is that like so many wealthy people aren't in the public eye so they can just do whatever the fuck they want without like any repercussions. But personally I was recently talking about if I won the lottery right? And like honestly like my game plan going forward is like finished graduate school, I want to work at a national lab and then like I want to buy land in upstate new york and basically started a fucking commune like because I'm
just like the climate's fucked like socially and economically we're fucked, we're all just fucked. So like I would like to have a nice sustainable like self sustainable little community just chilling with my friends and fam and that sounds pretty fucking dope. Like so I think that if I had a lot of money I'd be like okay like advice and land, make nice house, get a woodworking studio, fucking forgery going like be very nice and then the rest of it like I think put some aside if my Children want to reintegrate into society and then the doctor good, I'm just like I'm gonna maybe like forming armed militia to start right?
I don't know.
Let's
just
work.
do
it.
I
just
I know
I just want to fucking commune like and I know it's hard and I know that like home setting, that shit is like fucking hard and you work from sunup to sundown and like don't fucking do it though. Like at least I'll know where my food coming from, I'll be surrounded by people who I love and like we got to find a way to get like vaccines on my motherfucking commune but like once we do that, I'm like Rachel. Yeah,
I know I can't have over commune babies dying of smallpox. It's so sad. Come with
babies, ridiculous
movies. Also commune
babies are the cutest babies.
They
think that science they just like don't have clothes on
and they have like long hair with sticks in it and they're just running
around.
He's close. Why can you to do a study? It's like one of those core facts. It's like humans need to breathe to live.
How many
babies are cute. Yeah.
Also I can't help but ask and I hope you don't mind my asking what
are your
plans for the election coming up?
You don't have to go there if you don't want to. But I'm just, I'm just curious. I just want to know what people are thinking about it. Right.
Do you know?
correct.
All
No. Oh my God. Like I think that I'm probably in the same boat. I know that I'm not going to vote for vitamin, like I can't fucking do that. And then like I got annoyed. Like I was talking to my friend about it like well that's like a vote for trump. I'm like actually it isn't voting for trump, it's a vote for like that's not an actual vote for trump is I think that like the lesser of two evils bullshit is like why we're in the situation we're in today.
Hi. Oh
What?
prime
time chai
all
we were just chatting. Yeah,
Just still chatting. We have things to talk about. We're going into the 2020 election now, so make it a little spicy cheese.
Oh there we go. That's what I like to hear.
I'm
so many,
so
many people are going to actually vote for not so many, but like people are most definitely going to vote for him.
Yeah, it's gonna get it's gonna get in the process
Okay. Yeah, I'm kind of hoping that
like, I
didn't like die or something and then like like well it has to be Bernie I guess. I don't be like oh oh. Mhm
Oh oh no I'm so I'm gonna be so pissed when he does it. I just know I'm gonna fucking hate whatever he does. If he if he picks Harris I'm gonna be so pissed off dr I just don't even like I can't he hasn't like even said anything in months because they're like they're gonna see how you can't do sentences all
created
patient. You know
I'm fucked up how it's like his strategy is just like staying completely silent is working.
Everyone's like just don't say anything so we can't vote for you like motherfuckers. That's a reason to not vote for somebody like
congratulations.
right? But like I feel like right
now like bite with minus track record like that's not who I want an office for like any chance of meaningful social change or like Mhm. I'm just like, I don't want you. So I think like I'm just tired of like the two party system. I think like the lesser of two evils rhetoric is like why we have to Yeah,
like
why
you have this
And
like
the democratic party party is just like filled with moderates and I'm like, I'm not fucking with that anymore. Like I'm not voting for moderate democrat. I'm finished, I'm done. No more moderates.
Not a lot.
Yeah, because they've just been like sliding over to the right ever since I think like the 80s or something. It's like could he stop please please.
What?
no
couple,
you know? Right? Yeah.
Angel.
Hey
now.
Yeah. And it's frustrating
to see people like anyone who's a democrat 2020 I'm like really, really anyone who's
you might want to talk and think about that for a little bit
like
serious business.
I think
there's oh
emojis
like you are not my true over
well. Oh are
they white on the back? They change color again. Tri color colored. Uh
finally. Very fun. Yeah. Yeah.
The.
you wish.
Thank
you.
But you
got
some sweet sometime. Sometimes you get some treats in there, you have the keys and stuff.
What?
I
know that isn't when I think about grad school, there's somebody, oh shit, it won't be like this anymore because no one can be able to hang out, but like last year was like there's a meeting and there will be provided. Wcha
you all right? Yeah.
But yeah, that's where I met. And I also think that like,
I
know that not voting for biden makes it more likely that trump will win. But I'm just like trump, winning will be a part of my burn it all down and build it up again. So I'm like, either
way.
Um
Go on.
No.
So I
fucking I did it with Hillary clinton and I hated it. I was like, I hate this. I
hate
this.
I know. And then she fucking lost cause she sucks
sort of my goddamn it.
Um, I forgot that I actually about moving tomorrow and I have to go get some more box. So
I'm
gonna, yeah. That little, my life milestone coming up the way they just like turning my brain off. I'm just gonna let it happen to me,
wow. Two weeks later, I'm all moved in and unpacked. Would you look at that?
Thank
you.
All right. Yeah. But it's been really nice talking to you. It's been really fun.
Okay. I wish you the best of luck in all of your future endeavors. As long as they don't include hurting other people,
you're like about, you know, do you like I said,
I could
Great. What you want, biden to die. Okay,
literally. Okay.
But yeah, this is nice. Like my cheeks are hurting from all the smiles and like I just, I wish you the best and um, I hope you stay safe for the rest and everyone keeps you safe for the rest of the pandemic.
And good luck to school.
Thank
you. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm taking all of the like moving encouragement. I can get so yeah, thanks. I'm happy we got matched with each other.
It is
easy. This is just like a little treat in my day. I'm like, oh nice.
Isn't
that lovely?
I don't have an instagram or any social media. I know
it's going
to come up
with
you.
I can get the high phone number if you want or like my email. I don't know if you even want to ball. It's fine if you don't want to bother because it's like fucking weirder that way. So up to you.
Okay, my number researchers close your ears. This is not for you.
listen.
Oh my God. So like you need I'm on trump. Okay, so 917 975 1257.
mind you, it's felt very fancy
letting
you know so you don't fall off your fucking chair. Um
T. X. Hey? Hi. Mhm.
Consequences.
Very nice.
Nice.
All right. Uh My son, fucking fucking sorry. I
curse
texting.
I know, right? I was thinking like if no one shows up and like maybe I'll just you just gotta medical even though it's been years,
I'm like,
I want
to talk to
you so hard. Yeah. Right.
Piece up.
Bye. Thanks you, too.