SPEAKER_L: Okay, fix the problem. 222 I recorded. You need this working now. All I need is my chad part. No chat partner. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Come on, chek body if you want. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Third time's a charm but I would really like to have a chat partner today. Check uh Mhm. Yeah. Right here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Looking to be recovered. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hopefully they were having the same problem as me. Yeah. Okay. She did you do did you do? I'm here. Oh yeah. If anybody is gonna listen to this from better up labs, maybe not. But um how we used to get an email before our chat sessions, but I'm not getting any emails. I'm just getting the mail through prolific through the assistant and it doesn't even show up with a red dot when you send a mail. So um like it normally would through our through our prolific assistant. So I thought I'd let you know if you're watching this for future studies that might be a thing. Mhm. Mhm. One of three. No chat partner. Mhm. Okay. See this weed. Mhm. Here's the at once. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. One of four stomachs valid but he's here he bummer. Okay. Oh yeah I can't hear you. Yeah. Are you having problems with your microphone? I can't hear you if you can hear me check your settings to make sure it's on your microphone and not your speakers. A few windows setting sound. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah that's right yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah you said. Mr mhm wow we're looking for yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah it's okay don't panic I'll wait did you find the settings? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think changing rooms is gonna help. Different locations. Yeah. Yeah. New Windows, you right click the Windows symbol on the left bottom go to settings. Uh huh. Do the same thing so I can see you're looking at and then um sound and then go down to uh input. And so right now I have my microphone but my other one is a speaker array so it should have whatever your microphone is array. Do you ever had set plug in your earphones? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. You're welcome. Mhm. I have a question. You have headphones, plug those in. Yeah it won't detect it until you plug in your headphones. Yeah yeah yeah yeah put your headphones on. Oh bluetooth do you have wired? No? Okay. Mhm. Hello? Oh man and in your sound is it detecting your headphones? No it's not reading on the settings. I don't know they didn't especially to buy that Bluetooth wouldn't work. Um And your your computer speakers don't work. Like if you if you change the setting to your computer speaker, will it work? No? Yeah check check. Okay so you can hear me but I can't hear you. Mhm. Uh Well this will be a problem. Can almost read your lips. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Have you had this problem before talking with anybody else? See I had an issue yesterday too but it had switched my microphone right like my input on my sound settings I'm looking at right now, it's switched it to the mic at my front panel and so mine wasn't working yesterday but I don't think anybody showed up anyway, but I'm not sure. Mhm. This is not what I want. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I'm working so no old wired things sitting around. Mhm. Bummer. Too bad. I wanted to ask you about the num chucks hanging behind you. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Can you troubleshoot your earphones? Did you already try? Mhm. Trying to think? Yeah, yeah. Have you talked to anybody recently on the computer? No, if this would be and um in the top right hand corner of your screen for prolific the sound is on mm hmm it's just weird sea and your volume. I mean you can hear me so it wouldn't be the volume. Uh huh Oh now you're gone. Oh hey,
SPEAKER_R: I just tried to
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: sing
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: the link. I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I had keep talking to me so that you're there. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I really don't know what happened. Like I did one of these yesterday just with my laptop and then it was like not giving me the option to change my microphone. So I tried to go get some earphones and I don't know what it still is.
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: well hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: my nickname's fire
SPEAKER_R: where I'm Jackson.
SPEAKER_L: jennifer. Hi, Jasmine. Oh man, you have the name I wanted when I was younger, child of the seventies,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I just thought that was a cool name,
SPEAKER_R: Four
SPEAKER_L: Jasmine, Jessica anything but my name.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: Of course, that's always the way it is.
SPEAKER_R: state witness. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So you you in school? You're right, it's
SPEAKER_R: Frustrated
SPEAKER_L: okay, we're hooked up now.
SPEAKER_R: with all of that. I don't know what he was. I check your words and I was like, I'm just gonna try clicking the link again and see if I can.
SPEAKER_L: that was the next thing I was gonna suggest, like just try reopening it. Um
SPEAKER_R: or what?
SPEAKER_L: so I just timed it from like quarter after one, so we're good.
SPEAKER_R: Talk.
SPEAKER_L: High doing. Besides frustrated.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah. Pretty pretty good. Just working on coding stuff and being frustrated
SPEAKER_L: girl.
SPEAKER_R: with that. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: What do you, what do you coding?
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to get all of the tasks to work for my dissertation data collection and it's a pain in the circus.
SPEAKER_L: Oh where do you go to school? Do you mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Uh University of Arizona into something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in southern Oregon, Is it hot down there?
SPEAKER_R: It's finally starting to cool off. I think we're below triple digits today.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just heard that you were going to have a hate street, Like hotter than normal for this time of the year down there?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like it's usually a lot cooler than it is right now, but it looks like in the next couple of um like in the 10 day forecast it's gonna drop down to like in the seventies and it's been like you know 102 days ago so I don't know if I believe it, but fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we had like three months solid of 100 degree plus temperatures here and that's not normal for here, usually just like a month and a half or so of that And um but I've been in your region, I have lived down there for a little bit. Did you, were you, did you grow up there?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've lived in cooler places though, like in northern California and in Flagstaff and other mountaineers places. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's where my cousin lives up and flags that well in uh parks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same diff
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, pretty much.
SPEAKER_R: we love them.
SPEAKER_L: It's a 17 mile drive, I think if I remember correctly, I don't know how I remember that, but yeah, it's pretty much the same place. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, but I was in California for 16 years, so I had san Diego weather um and then I traveled, I've traveled all over the United States. How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: uh 28 breach point where you stop counting for short.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? I was gonna say 47 but I just turned 48 beginning of october Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: know there
SPEAKER_L: it's a, it's a pain in the ass. You remember your birthday, remember it all year long and then you forget it and then they have to re memorize it just like when it changes years, it's just a pain in the ass, and then maybe like when you get in your thirties, you'll be like me and um say you're a year older than you are, and then somebody have a birthday party with you and then someone will call you up and be like, no, no, fire. You're 35 or not, 36. I'm like, okay, cool, I have an on birthday party now problems
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: tangled.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: Um So you're busy with school? What's your major?
SPEAKER_R: Now
SPEAKER_L: Is it computer science or?
SPEAKER_R: it's clinical psychology but because of covid I have to try to collect my data remotely so I'm having to figure out how to like use python so I can make an online study instead of like being able to do it in person and it's taking me forever because I don't know how to do it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. Did you try to reach out to anybody to give you a hand on the coating?
SPEAKER_R: I mean the thing that I'm using like has uh an experiment builder like gooey and whatever, but I'm trying to, so there's a lot of point and click and very little um actual coding except
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: for when it won't do what I wanted to do, but
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: it just has like I have to get a whole bunch of different systems to talk to each other for like uh anonymity of my participants and stuff like that, and then granting credit for stuff. And then I have to have a whole bunch of different like tasks that people are doing that have a whole bunch of different iterations with different stimulus a and time, but it often needs to randomize um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like across participants
SPEAKER_L: It's a very tight.
SPEAKER_R: to end like across blocks and all sorts of things. It's like loops on loops and all kinds of things. I'm going crazy. But
SPEAKER_L: I do not envy your position, I would never be able to do that, I don't think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's not it's not great. It was intending to be like, like ready with my study, like september 1st to start being a collection, and I'm like, I'm still trying to make it go. I think it's like two steps forward, one step back, like every time I touch it and break something, but I think I'm still making a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Uh like I don't I don't do anything as intense as you but I do software testing on devices and uh you x texting for websites and stuff and um I also build websites and you know I do a little bit encoding for that but not anything major, but I know like I'll have like simple problems, I mean I'm a little M. A. D. D. So I kind of have, I'm like learn by repetition
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: and having everything out laid out in front of me, so having several screens open at the same time so I can constantly reference
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: and stuff,
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: but um if something is not clicking, like I know that there's one puzzle piece missing and I might even already know what it is, but it's just like kind of hanging in the ethers and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: been driving me crazy lately, like just you know, I test a lot of different platforms and I signed up for G suite, which is supposed to like help me organize all the business stuff that I do, but I can't even find out how to make sure that my files from my phone go into my business G drive, like what the hell is driving me bonkers? And I call like I keep calling and and I'm one of those persons that our research the crap out of something, but even people online are saying this is stupid. Yeah, I'm like what's the point? Like right now basically I have G suite and I have unlimited drive drive space that I'm paying for, but I don't really see any benefit of it beyond that for somebody has a small business like me, like I don't it's just driving me batshit crazy and I know that has nothing to do with like what kind of level of stuff that you're doing, but yeah, that's got to be really frustrating. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have several times reached the point where I'm like, okay, if I don't get unstuck with this, like by the end of tomorrow, like I'm going to offer somebody real money to help me do that, even though I'm like, clearly in grad school and I don't have real money, like I'm going
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: to offer one money to help me. And then that's where I've avoided it because I like, you know, I'll get myself unstuck usually by breaking something else, but then at least have like I'm not at an impasse anymore.
SPEAKER_L: like my girlfriend used to say a force push, that's why I guess some things like I'm like, I'm gonna force push it, just give me a minute. So is this your last year grad school or?
SPEAKER_R: while I was supposed to be applying for internships this cycle, which is like, I don't know like what doctors do for residency, like they apply to programs all over the country and then you go and you work there full time for a year and then they'll give you your diploma. I was supposed to be applying for that this year and going to do it next year. I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: delaying because of covid and because I'm just slow, like uh being a real a real bad spot if I was trying to apply for internships this year and I was still not collecting data yet. So
SPEAKER_L: you can't be that slow if you're in grad school, just Yeah, I think you just skate into grad school without doing work,
SPEAKER_R: the imposter syndrome is strong uh like
SPEAKER_L: what would you say?
SPEAKER_R: so the imposter syndrome is strong, like where your belief that you just like faked your way into it somehow. Like uh
SPEAKER_L: I guess I'm never mine fake it till you make it girl, you make
SPEAKER_R: sometimes
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: if if the imposter syndrome is strong enough, I'm like heck yeah, I'm the best imposter, like I tricked all these my fault. Huh? Yeah, it's a rough one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you live with other people in school to or you who for
SPEAKER_R: I just live just live with my partner, but he's you know a real person, he's like at work right now.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I literally I literally at like a
SPEAKER_L: girl I'm at work right now and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm home,
SPEAKER_R: had um I had a beaten great thing one time and uh psychologist asked me are you a grad student or a real person? Like grad student? Um So now I just say that all the time, like those are the two categories of humans is like grad student and real person. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think the only thing, I mean, I wasn't really making fun of them, but like a few of my girlfriends they're they're just, I feel like their students for life, they just keep going back to school, going back to school, like my girlfriend just got her masters and uh english and whatever the hell else that she has been doing for all these years while raising three sons
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: on her own
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: like and I just like I don't even know like I I don't even, I can't even fathom doing the amount of schooling that she's done and teaching and
SPEAKER_R: They broke
SPEAKER_L: raising
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: three boys like what the hell? And
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: yeah she had grandma and grandpa for quite a few years but wow that's hard core and I don't I don't have kids, I don't have anything like that um I mean my life hasn't been easy but um you know when I think about people like that I'm just like if I had that amount of energy, just like from their pinky finger, it would be so awesome. Alright, so now can I ask you about the nunchucks?
SPEAKER_R: Uh They're the boys practice with those kids phone ones and then he has like these are there like light ones that will like
SPEAKER_L: differently.
SPEAKER_R: the colours that he made to like make fun displays of none. Check in the dark. I think it's like his way of like emulating like fire poi without burning himself or something like.
SPEAKER_L: Because I've seen a lot of girls set their hair on fire, so you're probably better off. Never was very good with nunchucks. I'm a staff person. I'd practice kung fu. So,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah, we did that
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: for a little while if.
SPEAKER_L: my personally t shirt. The back is way cooler though, but you can see it
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: personally.
SPEAKER_R: is a god. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's my favorite. Actually met. Uh Well,
SPEAKER_R: What do you
SPEAKER_L: I kind
SPEAKER_R: think?
SPEAKER_L: of stalk the girl, but I was in Ocean Beach in san Diego and she had this exact painting of Bruce lee tattooed on her entire back. I was like, I saw her from across the street and I just kind of like, oh my God, if only I had the balls. Do you have any tattoos? That's so personal.
SPEAKER_R: My sister
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: has like a pavilion, like she turned 18 last year and I swear she's going to run out of skin before. She's like uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I ever would have gotten tattooed that young. I thought about it.
SPEAKER_R: Latino,
SPEAKER_L: I thought about getting a little pot leaf, like on the back
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: of my neck. Like it was like me and my friends
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: with the brain both through it. Um, And so glad I didn't. I don't know. I'm a liberal. Like I changed my moods every day. So it's just, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. She's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: don't,
SPEAKER_R: way too. But somehow she thinks that putting tattoos on her is gonna not make her very disappointed at some point. Like she cuts and cuts and dyes her hair like every two seconds, you
SPEAKER_L: Oh, the people,
SPEAKER_R: know? And I'm like, bro, like this is not like a sticker, like what are you doing? But
SPEAKER_L: Well, is she gainfully employed?
SPEAKER_R: She was and then she quit and then she's gonna be starting at a place that's like a restaurant that's supposed to be opening in november in Tempe because she goes to ask you and I'm like, all right, well, good luck with that during covid times, like being a server, I don't know. Uh
SPEAKER_L: So is it, has it been like, super rough on you not being able to go to university? Have to do everything from home?
SPEAKER_R: um I mean, I've mostly been home since like March and I'm kind of at the point in my program where most everything I have to do, I can do from home anyways. Um which is nice because like I like to be at home with the dogs and we live kind of far out of town. So it's nice to not have to commute a whole bunch. But it was hard when I was like at the beginning I was still doing therapy so I was having to figure out how to convert all of my clients to like zoom like to to finish up sessions with people. And then I got furloughed from my sai kama tree job like doing assessments with people for like dementia and autism and all of those kinds of things because I can't really do that remotely. Um
SPEAKER_L: Can I, can I ask you another question in the question? What's Tycom? A tree?
SPEAKER_R: So it's it's like psychometric sits like measuring psychological factors stuff. So it's mostly like cognitive testing. Um
SPEAKER_L: And that's what you were doing with the clients?
SPEAKER_R: So I was doing to like two X turn ships at a time like 2 20 hour week things because I am that way. Um So one of it was like doing therapy with individual clients and the other one was doing um like neuro psych assessments with kids and elders for different things. Um And yeah so I had to transition to telehealth for the therapy and just didn't have anything to do for the neuro psych for a couple of months. Um And now I'm transitioning out of that. As of this week, I have nowhere to go ever. I was still doing two days a week of in person and now I'm just like home. Um
SPEAKER_L: Have the case has been bad around where you are?
SPEAKER_R: It's been touch and go, I mean where I am in particular it's been, I feel like I've noticed it more because like on the nation there are a lot more protective about things um and we live just like a block or two away from the reservation. Um So just being aware of things that way. And most of my friends have been very quarantined um have like lots of friends in public health and that work in the hospitals and stuff like that, so everyone's kind of in their own zone, definitely getting a little fatigue, David all I'm like why can't I just go play at restaurants and things like stupid heads like.
SPEAKER_L: Like the other people that aren't grad students.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well just like the other people that are like basically just like over coronavirus where they're like whatever, I'm just gonna go do all the things that I want to do anyway, like,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think a lot of people are starting to get like that around here and now all of a sudden we have a spike in cases here and I know it's coming from the agricultural, uh, spots
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: as well. I know we had a big thing in Klamath Falls, um, with agricultural workers, but they also aren't protecting the, you know, the, it's the people who run the thing, It's not them if they're not being given what they need. And um, you know, I don't know what we're going to see an end of this and site honestly. And I mean, I'm, I'm kind of a home body and like when I go out, I usually leave the state of the country. So it's been really hard for me and my immediate families in pennsylvania. So I can't, I, you know, had to cancel my spring trip to do that. It's just killing me because when I came to southern Oregon, all my people, all my closest girlfriends are in san Diego. So I'm here. Like I have like a few girlfriends that I talked to every once in a while, but I don't have anybody that I hang out with regularly here. Like I go away away. So, and yeah, I have, I'm in second life, so I have like virtual, like friends too. So that's cool. But yeah, I almost thought about signing up for college courses online just to occupy myself with something new. Um, I mean, I had plenty to do, like,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I work
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: so much like, I don't know, I don't know if I want to throw myself back into someone telling me what I have to have done at a certain due date. Uh It's hard enough to keep that discipline myself um but I didn't go to college so I was 36
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I wish more of these undergrounds did not come to college until they were ready to give a hoof. Oh
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: smart, why waste the money? You know
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: what stuff I'm still paying off,
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: don't worry, I'm fighting for you girl. Get rid of college tuition, get rid of student debt. I'm sure
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: you've racked up quite a bit of it by now.
SPEAKER_R: of it thus far as from undergrad, thankfully they're paying me to do school or I would never be able to afford it in my life.
SPEAKER_L: Uh That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's not, it's not, it's not for free. It's an exchange for, you know, teaching and stuff, but I don't have to have any loans and they send me a paycheck every two weeks and you know, Yeah, I've never been able to do grad school if you had to pay for it. If it was like one of those things like how people go to med school, get like 200 grand in debt, but nope. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's so great. I don't think you're faking it girl, I don't think they had any money for nothing, I was lucky enough to teach. Um uh I taught disabled people
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: autistic people um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and such gymnastics program, not gymnastic, sorry? Um just
SPEAKER_R: Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: physical therapy and and such like that and and we had a big pool at Grossmont College in san Diego. So um I got to teach swim aerobics and things and um so I did get I was able to get money for
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: friends.
SPEAKER_L: too while I was teaching and still getting my credits and everything, so that
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: totally different level than you. But um But yeah, I've taught um like you do therapy, I
SPEAKER_R: Coming
SPEAKER_L: teach,
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: I've taught kids with disabilities and adults and for a very long time, not so much anymore, but I'd like to offer classes here, but I can't because the corona I have all the room in the world and now I can't really do anything. And so I went back to my writing and I'm really enjoying that, I just, you know, um Yeah, would be nice to like hug some more people and shit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, like everything has been canceled like they tried,
SPEAKER_L: Everything.
SPEAKER_R: they tried to make Burning Man virtual and it was like, this is not the same, this is not acceptable.
SPEAKER_L: my.
SPEAKER_R: Not not okay.
SPEAKER_L: we have a burning man in second life
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: and that's actually pretty fun. Bands aren't as great, but I mean some of them, I'm not going to say that like over the over the board. Across the board. But um But it's super fun, you know? At least it's like I do have that outlet like where I can be around a bunch of people like about a concert. Um And we're all talking to each other, it's like a total social good time and everyone's got their crazy avatars like I'm a giant dragon like hanging out, you know
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty fun. But yeah the whole reason I started an online business and you know finally like started my dream of writing and doing all those things uh was to be able to have the money to go around and hug the people I love and now that's like oh just fucked and I don't know like how long this is gonna go on and it's pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_R: We're
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: collectively on time out, like
SPEAKER_L: I know right? It's weird. I'm glad I live rural like you, so I'm really glad we just escaped like the Alameda Fire. Alameda fire. I don't know if you heard about that one, but I literally watched two towns burn from my back porch and it was like literally right, like almost came up over the hill towards us and yeah, this year has just been super exciting anyway. Okay, so basically we started 1 15.
SPEAKER_R: trying to math in my head.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just tried to matter one
SPEAKER_R: Wait,
SPEAKER_L: more minute. No, or six more minutes.
SPEAKER_R: 49 is 15, is 25 says the Internet one minute. We got it way.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, I don't want to keep you any longer just because you sound very busy and I should get back to it too. Especially since we went over time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sorry about my dumb way.
SPEAKER_L: girl, don't worry about it. Like I said, I do technical shit all day long and then I can't even figure out like part of my job is figuring out new platforms and shit and like G suite just like the pain of my existence right now.
SPEAKER_R: You'll get it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I hope so. You'll get it too. I was trying to read some of the stuff on your board.
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Is that
SPEAKER_R: this a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Pablo? What's the quote, Neruda? Yeah, I recognize the quote. That's what I was asking. Was that you were the man?
SPEAKER_R: About me. That's been on there for a long time. It's probably burnt in there.
SPEAKER_L: What does it say?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Love love. Here we are. Mhm. Nice
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, that's a good way to end things. Nice to meet you too. I wish you much strength and love and blessings
SPEAKER_R: I get to be well,
SPEAKER_L: be well, honey. Goodbye.