Okay, fix the problem. 222 I recorded. You need this working now. All I need is my chad part. No chat partner. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Come on, chek body if you want. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Third time's a charm but I would really like to have a chat partner today. Check uh Mhm. Yeah. Right here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Looking to be recovered. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hopefully they were having the same problem as me. Yeah. Okay. She did you do did you do? I'm here. Oh yeah. If anybody is gonna listen to this from better up labs, maybe not. But um how we used to get an email before our chat sessions, but I'm not getting any emails. I'm just getting the mail through prolific through the assistant and it doesn't even show up with a red dot when you send a mail. So um like it normally would through our through our prolific assistant. So I thought I'd let you know if you're watching this for future studies that might be a thing. Mhm. Mhm. One of three. No chat partner. Mhm. Okay. See this weed. Mhm. Here's the at once. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. One of four stomachs valid but he's here he bummer. Okay. Oh yeah I can't hear you. Yeah. Are you having problems with your microphone? I can't hear you if you can hear me check your settings to make sure it's on your microphone and not your speakers. A few windows setting sound. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah that's right yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah you said. Mr mhm wow we're looking for yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah it's okay don't panic I'll wait did you find the settings? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think changing rooms is gonna help. Different locations. Yeah. Yeah. New Windows, you right click the Windows symbol on the left bottom go to settings. Uh huh. Do the same thing so I can see you're looking at and then um sound and then go down to uh input. And so right now I have my microphone but my other one is a speaker array so it should have whatever your microphone is array. Do you ever had set plug in your earphones? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. You're welcome. Mhm. I have a question. You have headphones, plug those in. Yeah it won't detect it until you plug in your headphones. Yeah yeah yeah yeah put your headphones on. Oh bluetooth do you have wired? No? Okay. Mhm. Hello? Oh man and in your sound is it detecting your headphones? No it's not reading on the settings. I don't know they didn't especially to buy that Bluetooth wouldn't work. Um And your your computer speakers don't work. Like if you if you change the setting to your computer speaker, will it work? No? Yeah check check. Okay so you can hear me but I can't hear you. Mhm. Uh Well this will be a problem. Can almost read your lips. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Have you had this problem before talking with anybody else? See I had an issue yesterday too but it had switched my microphone right like my input on my sound settings I'm looking at right now, it's switched it to the mic at my front panel and so mine wasn't working yesterday but I don't think anybody showed up anyway, but I'm not sure. Mhm. This is not what I want. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I'm working so no old wired things sitting around. Mhm. Bummer. Too bad. I wanted to ask you about the num chucks hanging behind you. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Can you troubleshoot your earphones? Did you already try? Mhm. Trying to think? Yeah, yeah. Have you talked to anybody recently on the computer? No, if this would be and um in the top right hand corner of your screen for prolific the sound is on mm hmm it's just weird sea and your volume. I mean you can hear me so it wouldn't be the volume. Uh huh Oh now you're gone. Oh hey,
we're
in
yeah, I had keep talking to me so that you're there. Okay.
The
well hi,
my nickname's fire
jennifer. Hi, Jasmine. Oh man, you have the name I wanted when I was younger, child of the seventies,
I just thought that was a cool name,
Jasmine, Jessica anything but my name.
Of course, that's always the way it is.
So you you in school? You're right, it's
okay, we're hooked up now.
that was the next thing I was gonna suggest, like just try reopening it. Um
so I just timed it from like quarter after one, so we're good.
High doing. Besides frustrated.
girl.
What do you, what do you coding?
Oh where do you go to school? Do you mind me asking?
I'm in southern Oregon, Is it hot down there?
Yeah, I just heard that you were going to have a hate street, Like hotter than normal for this time of the year down there?
Yeah, we had like three months solid of 100 degree plus temperatures here and that's not normal for here, usually just like a month and a half or so of that And um but I've been in your region, I have lived down there for a little bit. Did you, were you, did you grow up there?
That's where my cousin lives up and flags that well in uh parks.
Uh huh. Yeah, pretty much.
It's a 17 mile drive, I think if I remember correctly, I don't know how I remember that, but yeah, it's pretty much the same place. Um
So yeah, but I was in California for 16 years, so I had san Diego weather um and then I traveled, I've traveled all over the United States. How old are you?
Okay? I was gonna say 47 but I just turned 48 beginning of october Yeah,
it's a, it's a pain in the ass. You remember your birthday, remember it all year long and then you forget it and then they have to re memorize it just like when it changes years, it's just a pain in the ass, and then maybe like when you get in your thirties, you'll be like me and um say you're a year older than you are, and then somebody have a birthday party with you and then someone will call you up and be like, no, no, fire. You're 35 or not, 36. I'm like, okay, cool, I have an on birthday party now problems
tangled.
Um So you're busy with school? What's your major?
Is it computer science or?
Oh, wow. Did you try to reach out to anybody to give you a hand on the coating?
So
true.
Yeah.
It's a very tight.
I do not envy your position, I would never be able to do that, I don't think. Yeah.
Uh like I don't I don't do anything as intense as you but I do software testing on devices and uh you x texting for websites and stuff and um I also build websites and you know I do a little bit encoding for that but not anything major, but I know like I'll have like simple problems, I mean I'm a little M. A. D. D. So I kind of have, I'm like learn by repetition
and having everything out laid out in front of me, so having several screens open at the same time so I can constantly reference
and stuff,
but um if something is not clicking, like I know that there's one puzzle piece missing and I might even already know what it is, but it's just like kind of hanging in the ethers and
it's
been driving me crazy lately, like just you know, I test a lot of different platforms and I signed up for G suite, which is supposed to like help me organize all the business stuff that I do, but I can't even find out how to make sure that my files from my phone go into my business G drive, like what the hell is driving me bonkers? And I call like I keep calling and and I'm one of those persons that our research the crap out of something, but even people online are saying this is stupid. Yeah, I'm like what's the point? Like right now basically I have G suite and I have unlimited drive drive space that I'm paying for, but I don't really see any benefit of it beyond that for somebody has a small business like me, like I don't it's just driving me batshit crazy and I know that has nothing to do with like what kind of level of stuff that you're doing, but yeah, that's got to be really frustrating. Yeah,
correct.
like my girlfriend used to say a force push, that's why I guess some things like I'm like, I'm gonna force push it, just give me a minute. So is this your last year grad school or?
but
you can't be that slow if you're in grad school, just Yeah, I think you just skate into grad school without doing work,
what would you say?
I guess I'm never mine fake it till you make it girl, you make
it,
do you live with other people in school to or you who for
and
girl I'm at work right now and
I'm home,
Oh,
I think the only thing, I mean, I wasn't really making fun of them, but like a few of my girlfriends they're they're just, I feel like their students for life, they just keep going back to school, going back to school, like my girlfriend just got her masters and uh english and whatever the hell else that she has been doing for all these years while raising three sons
on her own
like and I just like I don't even know like I I don't even, I can't even fathom doing the amount of schooling that she's done and teaching and
raising
three boys like what the hell? And
yeah she had grandma and grandpa for quite a few years but wow that's hard core and I don't I don't have kids, I don't have anything like that um I mean my life hasn't been easy but um you know when I think about people like that I'm just like if I had that amount of energy, just like from their pinky finger, it would be so awesome. Alright, so now can I ask you about the nunchucks?
differently.
Because I've seen a lot of girls set their hair on fire, so you're probably better off. Never was very good with nunchucks. I'm a staff person. I'd practice kung fu. So,
see
my personally t shirt. The back is way cooler though, but you can see it
personally.
That's my favorite. Actually met. Uh Well,
I kind
of stalk the girl, but I was in Ocean Beach in san Diego and she had this exact painting of Bruce lee tattooed on her entire back. I was like, I saw her from across the street and I just kind of like, oh my God, if only I had the balls. Do you have any tattoos? That's so personal.
I mean,
I don't think I ever would have gotten tattooed that young. I thought about it.
I thought about getting a little pot leaf, like on the back
of my neck. Like it was like me and my friends
with the brain both through it. Um, And so glad I didn't. I don't know. I'm a liberal. Like I changed my moods every day. So it's just, I don't know.
I
don't,
Oh, the people,
Well, is she gainfully employed?
So is it, has it been like, super rough on you not being able to go to university? Have to do everything from home?
Can I, can I ask you another question in the question? What's Tycom? A tree?
And that's what you were doing with the clients?
Have the case has been bad around where you are?
Like the other people that aren't grad students.
Well, I think a lot of people are starting to get like that around here and now all of a sudden we have a spike in cases here and I know it's coming from the agricultural, uh, spots
as well. I know we had a big thing in Klamath Falls, um, with agricultural workers, but they also aren't protecting the, you know, the, it's the people who run the thing, It's not them if they're not being given what they need. And um, you know, I don't know what we're going to see an end of this and site honestly. And I mean, I'm, I'm kind of a home body and like when I go out, I usually leave the state of the country. So it's been really hard for me and my immediate families in pennsylvania. So I can't, I, you know, had to cancel my spring trip to do that. It's just killing me because when I came to southern Oregon, all my people, all my closest girlfriends are in san Diego. So I'm here. Like I have like a few girlfriends that I talked to every once in a while, but I don't have anybody that I hang out with regularly here. Like I go away away. So, and yeah, I have, I'm in second life, so I have like virtual, like friends too. So that's cool. But yeah, I almost thought about signing up for college courses online just to occupy myself with something new. Um, I mean, I had plenty to do, like,
but
I work
so much like, I don't know, I don't know if I want to throw myself back into someone telling me what I have to have done at a certain due date. Uh It's hard enough to keep that discipline myself um but I didn't go to college so I was 36
so
it
smart, why waste the money? You know
what stuff I'm still paying off,
don't worry, I'm fighting for you girl. Get rid of college tuition, get rid of student debt. I'm sure
you've racked up quite a bit of it by now.
Uh That's awesome.
that's so great. I don't think you're faking it girl, I don't think they had any money for nothing, I was lucky enough to teach. Um uh I taught disabled people
autistic people um
and such gymnastics program, not gymnastic, sorry? Um just
physical therapy and and such like that and and we had a big pool at Grossmont College in san Diego. So um I got to teach swim aerobics and things and um so I did get I was able to get money for
that
too while I was teaching and still getting my credits and everything, so that
totally different level than you. But um But yeah, I've taught um like you do therapy, I
teach,
I've taught kids with disabilities and adults and for a very long time, not so much anymore, but I'd like to offer classes here, but I can't because the corona I have all the room in the world and now I can't really do anything. And so I went back to my writing and I'm really enjoying that, I just, you know, um Yeah, would be nice to like hug some more people and shit.
Everything.
my.
we have a burning man in second life
and that's actually pretty fun. Bands aren't as great, but I mean some of them, I'm not going to say that like over the over the board. Across the board. But um But it's super fun, you know? At least it's like I do have that outlet like where I can be around a bunch of people like about a concert. Um And we're all talking to each other, it's like a total social good time and everyone's got their crazy avatars like I'm a giant dragon like hanging out, you know
like
it's pretty fun. But yeah the whole reason I started an online business and you know finally like started my dream of writing and doing all those things uh was to be able to have the money to go around and hug the people I love and now that's like oh just fucked and I don't know like how long this is gonna go on and it's pretty crazy.
I don't
know.
I know right? It's weird. I'm glad I live rural like you, so I'm really glad we just escaped like the Alameda Fire. Alameda fire. I don't know if you heard about that one, but I literally watched two towns burn from my back porch and it was like literally right, like almost came up over the hill towards us and yeah, this year has just been super exciting anyway. Okay, so basically we started 1 15.
Yeah. I just tried to matter one
more minute. No, or six more minutes.
All right. Well, I don't want to keep you any longer just because you sound very busy and I should get back to it too. Especially since we went over time.
girl, don't worry about it. Like I said, I do technical shit all day long and then I can't even figure out like part of my job is figuring out new platforms and shit and like G suite just like the pain of my existence right now.
Yeah, I hope so. You'll get it too. I was trying to read some of the stuff on your board.
Is that
Pablo? What's the quote, Neruda? Yeah, I recognize the quote. That's what I was asking. Was that you were the man?
What does it say?
All right. Well, that's a good way to end things. Nice to meet you too. I wish you much strength and love and blessings
be well, honey. Goodbye.