I just tried to
sing
the link. I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. I really don't know what happened. Like I did one of these yesterday just with my laptop and then it was like not giving me the option to change my microphone. So I tried to go get some earphones and I don't know what it still is.
But.
Hi
where I'm Jackson.
What?
Four
How
state witness. Mhm.
Frustrated
with all of that. I don't know what he was. I check your words and I was like, I'm just gonna try clicking the link again and see if I can.
or what?
Talk.
Um Yeah. Pretty pretty good. Just working on coding stuff and being frustrated
with that. Okay.
I'm trying to get all of the tasks to work for my dissertation data collection and it's a pain in the circus.
Uh University of Arizona into something. Yeah.
It's finally starting to cool off. I think we're below triple digits today.
Yeah, I feel like it's usually a lot cooler than it is right now, but it looks like in the next couple of um like in the 10 day forecast it's gonna drop down to like in the seventies and it's been like you know 102 days ago so I don't know if I believe it, but fingers crossed.
Yeah, I've lived in cooler places though, like in northern California and in Flagstaff and other mountaineers places. Um
Yeah, same diff
we love them.
Mhm.
uh 28 breach point where you stop counting for short.
know there
You
know,
Now
it's clinical psychology but because of covid I have to try to collect my data remotely so I'm having to figure out how to like use python so I can make an online study instead of like being able to do it in person and it's taking me forever because I don't know how to do it.
I mean the thing that I'm using like has uh an experiment builder like gooey and whatever, but I'm trying to, so there's a lot of point and click and very little um actual coding except
for when it won't do what I wanted to do, but
it just has like I have to get a whole bunch of different systems to talk to each other for like uh anonymity of my participants and stuff like that, and then granting credit for stuff. And then I have to have a whole bunch of different like tasks that people are doing that have a whole bunch of different iterations with different stimulus a and time, but it often needs to randomize um
like across participants
to end like across blocks and all sorts of things. It's like loops on loops and all kinds of things. I'm going crazy. But
it's not it's not great. It was intending to be like, like ready with my study, like september 1st to start being a collection, and I'm like, I'm still trying to make it go. I think it's like two steps forward, one step back, like every time I touch it and break something, but I think I'm still making a little bit.
you're
Got
that.
I
don't know.
Yeah. I have several times reached the point where I'm like, okay, if I don't get unstuck with this, like by the end of tomorrow, like I'm going to offer somebody real money to help me do that, even though I'm like, clearly in grad school and I don't have real money, like I'm going
to offer one money to help me. And then that's where I've avoided it because I like, you know, I'll get myself unstuck usually by breaking something else, but then at least have like I'm not at an impasse anymore.
while I was supposed to be applying for internships this cycle, which is like, I don't know like what doctors do for residency, like they apply to programs all over the country and then you go and you work there full time for a year and then they'll give you your diploma. I was supposed to be applying for that this year and going to do it next year. I'm
delaying because of covid and because I'm just slow, like uh being a real a real bad spot if I was trying to apply for internships this year and I was still not collecting data yet. So
the imposter syndrome is strong uh like
so the imposter syndrome is strong, like where your belief that you just like faked your way into it somehow. Like uh
sometimes
if if the imposter syndrome is strong enough, I'm like heck yeah, I'm the best imposter, like I tricked all these my fault. Huh? Yeah, it's a rough one. Yeah.
I just live just live with my partner, but he's you know a real person, he's like at work right now.
I literally I literally at like a
I
had um I had a beaten great thing one time and uh psychologist asked me are you a grad student or a real person? Like grad student? Um So now I just say that all the time, like those are the two categories of humans is like grad student and real person. Uh
Yeah.
go
on.
They broke
out
what?
Uh They're the boys practice with those kids phone ones and then he has like these are there like light ones that will like
the colours that he made to like make fun displays of none. Check in the dark. I think it's like his way of like emulating like fire poi without burning himself or something like.
Nice. Yeah, we did that
for a little while if.
There
is a god. Um
What do you
think?
My sister
has like a pavilion, like she turned 18 last year and I swear she's going to run out of skin before. She's like uh
Latino,
no,
what?
yeah. She's
not
way too. But somehow she thinks that putting tattoos on her is gonna not make her very disappointed at some point. Like she cuts and cuts and dyes her hair like every two seconds, you
know? And I'm like, bro, like this is not like a sticker, like what are you doing? But
She was and then she quit and then she's gonna be starting at a place that's like a restaurant that's supposed to be opening in november in Tempe because she goes to ask you and I'm like, all right, well, good luck with that during covid times, like being a server, I don't know. Uh
um I mean, I've mostly been home since like March and I'm kind of at the point in my program where most everything I have to do, I can do from home anyways. Um which is nice because like I like to be at home with the dogs and we live kind of far out of town. So it's nice to not have to commute a whole bunch. But it was hard when I was like at the beginning I was still doing therapy so I was having to figure out how to convert all of my clients to like zoom like to to finish up sessions with people. And then I got furloughed from my sai kama tree job like doing assessments with people for like dementia and autism and all of those kinds of things because I can't really do that remotely. Um
So it's it's like psychometric sits like measuring psychological factors stuff. So it's mostly like cognitive testing. Um
So I was doing to like two X turn ships at a time like 2 20 hour week things because I am that way. Um So one of it was like doing therapy with individual clients and the other one was doing um like neuro psych assessments with kids and elders for different things. Um And yeah so I had to transition to telehealth for the therapy and just didn't have anything to do for the neuro psych for a couple of months. Um And now I'm transitioning out of that. As of this week, I have nowhere to go ever. I was still doing two days a week of in person and now I'm just like home. Um
It's been touch and go, I mean where I am in particular it's been, I feel like I've noticed it more because like on the nation there are a lot more protective about things um and we live just like a block or two away from the reservation. Um So just being aware of things that way. And most of my friends have been very quarantined um have like lots of friends in public health and that work in the hospitals and stuff like that, so everyone's kind of in their own zone, definitely getting a little fatigue, David all I'm like why can't I just go play at restaurants and things like stupid heads like.
Yeah, well just like the other people that are like basically just like over coronavirus where they're like whatever, I'm just gonna go do all the things that I want to do anyway, like,
Mhm.
just
like
that.
Hey,
I mean, I wish more of these undergrounds did not come to college until they were ready to give a hoof. Oh
no,
no,
all
all
of it thus far as from undergrad, thankfully they're paying me to do school or I would never be able to afford it in my life.
Yeah. I mean it's not, it's not, it's not for free. It's an exchange for, you know, teaching and stuff, but I don't have to have any loans and they send me a paycheck every two weeks and you know, Yeah, I've never been able to do grad school if you had to pay for it. If it was like one of those things like how people go to med school, get like 200 grand in debt, but nope. Mhm.
No.
Mhm.
Whatever.
my
friends.
Thank you.
Coming
up.
Yeah. Well, like everything has been canceled like they tried,
they tried to make Burning Man virtual and it was like, this is not the same, this is not acceptable.
Not not okay.
Hey.
That's
it.
We're
all
collectively on time out, like
trying to math in my head.
Wait,
49 is 15, is 25 says the Internet one minute. We got it way.
Yeah. Sorry about my dumb way.
You'll get it.
I think
this a lot.
About me. That's been on there for a long time. It's probably burnt in there.
Uh Love love. Here we are. Mhm. Nice
I get to be well,