mm. Mhm. You are for me?
Can you hear me okay?
Cool. What is up
definitely? I'm a headache.
Yeah.
You quiet? Don't say that. I feel like it's so weird because now if I don't sleep before like one a.m. in the morning
I get a headache even though I wake up at like 11. So I don't know why it's.
I know. Are you a gamer? What do you play?
Cool, cool. What do you play on?
I have the next box. Oh yes boy.
Uh I just don't like how the PS four control. What is I like? Like, well there's symmetrical but I don't like how the tuning knob whatever is always right.
Yeah, I don't like it. My thumbs. Yeah.
Well or whatever.
I haven't run, right? I'm playing because like I have an xbox and I feel bad. Okay, so we got xbox and my brother, he's like 16. So he put so much more so than like whenever I would want to play, you know? Well, so you're like fight my parents, they just got me an xbox. But like then
that's something that got me an Xbox and then I went to college and I didn't bring it. So like I just barely used it and I just use it. But I'm like I played buying crafts and my friends, I'd like Fortnite very little. But it's not really fun anymore.
Yeah, it was like
fun when it first came out.
Yeah, like the crazy builders now and like all that stuff I just haven't played. It's fun to play with like cousins though.
Yeah, like that's about it. But I would never really take it seriously. Yeah, but that's about like I play called Duty, but I don't really play that anymore.
Oh yeah. Yeah, that's very true.
We I played it. Stop. What's that game? It's like the little cars. You're the little car ng and you push the ball. What is it called? It's only like course it's not a car, but you can push the ball and push into the hoop or like the goal. I don't know.
Yes, that is what I like. Do I do? I do it. Yeah. So
yeah. That's fun to play with your friends and stuff on a Minecraft. This one to play by yourself sometimes because I just feel like it's so calming.
Yeah. But my Xbox in my brother.
My expenses and my brothers in the not too easy. Go upstairs. So I I just don't use it.
Yeah. But I don't know.
Whoa.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. I got my exports during black friday. I don't want to pay for place. What is uh
I really look up what what what is the the xbox for the new 1? What does it look like?
But
not
all here, what I mean like? Oh my gosh, I've seen this.
so much for now. Are you in school or anything like?
Oh cool, cool. I'm 19, so I'm going to be a sophomore in college, but I'm not going back. Are you like what's your school doing for like?
I'm doing that too. Okay.
Yeah. My brother's school is doing that. They do every other week you go.
Yeah, but I'm not going back because I don't feel pain.
Yeah. So for me, for my spring semester when we all got sent home because they folded, I didn't have any classes. Like all my classes are online, but I didn't have any that I had to go into a zoom class four. So like I don't like I didn't mind because everything I mean it was just like there but now this because so many of my classes for the semester or like scheduled on a certain time so I feel like I'm gonna not like it as much because before I could just do things like on my own terms. Uh huh.
You
know
the nice where do you want?
yes I just got a job to. But this month yeah with my school schedule I can't work Tuesday, Wednesdays and Thursdays because I work at the mall. So The mall hours are 11-7 p. m. and my classes started 11 and end around six. So there is no shift that I cannot be.
No.
Yeah that's what I like.
Me too.
Oh it's not bad.
That's fun. Oh I specific paid today. I just I just like hate working like Okay I just despise it so much. My first job I got it. I think when I was 17 I did like babysitting before but like my sister. Oh just it not that much slow because I only get like four hour shifts because like the hours but my job was at chick Fil a and like they overworked me like for a new employee that they had me working every day, it was like eight hour shifts and like I would
and
I did get paid good but then I quit after two weeks since I was not, I was not doing that. So um
Thanks.
yeah. That's nice. I feel like it's better, is it your first job? Yeah. Like I feel like it's better to lean into a job rather than like just start doing eight hours because it's gonna make you hate it because like you're not going to be used to be like standing for that long and like,
yeah, my feet.
Yeah, that's nice. Mm.
Yeah, exactly. Like you, you don't have to where I'm assuming you don't have to pay run or anything like, right, you don't have to pay,
right? Okay. Like you don't have any like legit pills.
but I don't know because everyone is different, but
that's what I feel like. So right now, I'm just like, I keep spending my money, but, but, but, but I know I have a job and then I do like the surveys, but it's like not that much money.
I like really like the website compared to other websites, like other reports just look so sketchy. Like
they have like add
Yeah. No, I like prolific. I started only in March so I don't really
like um
that's like it's like a good amount like you're not actually working. People always ask me when I tell them they're like well how long did it take you to get that much money? And I'm like, it's not really like
an everyday thing. Like it's just
when you feel like
it. Yeah.
Yeah just like
talk to somebody. But that's
not.
Well yeah I did. This
is my second name
Then
I have this really good one. But I missed it. So
It was like this survey and it took about 30 minutes when you get $15 every uh
And I you have to was it the one where you have to take it at the same time?
I met
humble frame because I was working,
I was working and then I got home. I forgot I had to do it. And then when I got home from work I did Instacart which is like grocery shopping for people and then I forgot about it. But I was already in a different town.
So I missed on like basically
$60. Like 45 9.
you're nice.
It's very good.
Oh, I had one and it was every other day you have, you had to do, it was monday Wednesday friday or Tuesday thursday saturday And you get paid like $1.30 for every survey. But it's like I think every week you make about $8 bucks but I missed one now I don't get
them anymore. Mm
I wo
for me. And like I couldn't do it on my phone. I had to do it from the laptop and I didn't have a laptop. Yeah.
we are.
My real, Yeah.
Yeah. You'll have to do it 10 times. That's nice. I just need to stop spending money. But I just thought because my best friend's birthday is coming up, it's like I spent like 100 bucks on her around there. Which isn't like, I mean it's it's good to know I guess, but I just need to stop spending so I can get that happy bag. But With Incacart I made $98 so I would basically made it back. But now like my bank account is where it was before. It's not like that, that's steadily increasing yet. So I need to just wait two more weeks and I'll get paid, yep,
mm.
So I got, I like getting paid every week, but the paychecks are smaller but I don't know. I just like to know how much I'm getting because I always calculating it and like it's just so long.
It's
the opposite.
that's so
Please.
So. No,
it's high. I just
don't
you're very homes.
You don't do direct deposit or do you?
anyone
with
any make sense. I like I like getting paychecks. Well it's not. I got paid for a chick fil a because I want to bring the account at that bank because you get to see the hours worked and like
I think I didn't look at mine online but you know the afternoon vitamin to make a lot. Because I only worked eight hours the first week and then the second week I worked more because the first thing I was just training.
same with me. But it's like I I don't know I wouldn't want to work at a grocery store because like I just prefer because I don't work in like I work at a smaller store in the mall so like you just don't need to know as many things as like basis or like at a grocery square where there's like more possibilities, you know? Just
It's nice.
What?
Yeah, that's uh at my workplace, we don't have cash register as we use like ipods and they have like a back thing and if we only take like cards, so it's nice because I don't have to deal with cash. Yes.
Oh my god. I hated it. I hated
them.
It was
no one
wants
it.
Long.
I hated that when I worked at Macy's and I always miscounted, I always counted wrong, I like fixed it towards the end, but when I first started working, I always gave people the wrong about uh
that's nice to know. Yeah. I don't know. I like
everyone at my workplace, but it's like a much more
like young.
Yeah, that's good. I just liked it more because I think I like it more because I only work like 4-5 hours a day.
I worked an eight hour
shift. I was so tired by the end. Like I was just I was done. I was Oh
Mhm. That's good.
So we don't
have them chairs
warm.
Yeah, I didn't there like the only that is she's still that has changed.
Yeah, that's one thing that I wish I did. Like I think my brother when he turned 16, I think he's going to get a job because like that's just like a really good resume builder. And the younger you start, the like the more experience you have like a stick. Yeah, that's a problem. I had like when I was applying for colleges and like any job like I just got really nervous because I was teaching flip for only two weeks because then I did babysitting because I was I was making more money doing babysitting and then
I worked at Macy's only for like as a seasonal employment. So like I worked like three months but I was surprised I got hired up. Rabbit, that's his forward.
That's
the
line
with
now.
What's
that?
That's nice. I applied to Home Depot to cause I figured it would be easy and I already got hired at my other job and I was like, so I just canceled my thing. But they keep calling me like I would do it so I can get even more like money because that's two jobs. The thing is like I'm like new at my other job. So like I feel
like and the schedule is always different so I would would be hard to balance the two schedules.
Yeah. It's also nice or just to get out of the house, I feel.
Thanks lines.
thing, my work place, it's like it's like a it's like a yoga like athletic store, but so nice because like I love leggings and for your first like because you have to wear their leggings but they give you like three free outfit so you get like a bottom on top and then ever so I got like two pairs of things for free.
then I got like other stuff and then we have a really good discount, which is nice because then I would like to spend my money on movies anyways. So yeah, I just wish I had a gym membership because I want to go back to the gym. I'm too lazy to get a
membership.
Oh I live in Connecticut. They opened like some games like for 30 hours. My brother went to it. Like my mom doesn't really want him going. But I think if I went with him like she wouldn't care because like they are doing precautions but like I don't know, I wouldn't really want to work out like a mask. But I
do
yeah, I just really don't want to work out in my backyard anymore because I'm just like less motivated. So like because like I have like a bar and weights outside, not like lift or whatever, but I can't like I'll do it for like a week, like really good. Like I'll eat good workout and then the next two weeks I just don't do any things. And all the progress I've made is just like, God. Yeah, I was like trying to work out a lot because my freaking freshman year of college I gained like 10 £15 got the freshman 15, I think I gained like £10 but I did not even notice it when I was like doing it because it's like it's not from eating, that's what it's from freaking excessively drinking or whatever and like you don't
realize. But
I wasn't like I didn't get crazy about the way it's just like I noticed and I was like, oh, that's that's good. Yeah, I'm so funny. Do you want to go to college or do you want to do like a
That's what I wanted to go.
That's fun. I did. Well, it's good that you know like what you want to do because I came in undecided and it is true that you can switch into whatever major you want. You don't have to decide. But no one told me that like, because I go to UConn and um say like because there's a school of Business or school of nursing, all that stuff, like if I wanted to change into a psychology major would be fine, I'd have to get into the school liberal arts, but that's easy to get into. But the school of business, even the business is not hard necessarily
major. The school
Yeah. The school is so much harder when you're at the school because your high school grades, like I did good in high school, but your college grades are what they're going to look at. So like you needed the majority of the people that got accepted and had a 3.7 and that's that's all eight minuses for color. And that's
like,
I was so nervous. I was trying to already get into the school business and then I took a personality test and I realized I don't even want to do business. So, So yeah, I think I'm psychology. But
well, it was a good conversation.
What's meeting