Hello. Mhm. Mhm.
Here he is.
What's up?
Mhm. That sucks.
I'm zack.
That's
weird,
Like Minecraft G. T. A.
P. S. Four. I
had an Xbox but I sold it because I didn't use it.
like you're Yeah,
I
mean I kept my Xbox controller because it's more comfortable than the dual shock but I used it for my pc games. What games do you play?
four
nights so bad
Before
everyone like started going on it and because I was around like season two.
And Friends.
I haven't I have not really a fan of Call of Duty. Uh No not like I mean I like the campaigns but the actual like online is toxic as fuck.
And the uh what else? Yeah. I'm not a huge fan of like FPs like a Rainbow Six siege because I'm bad at it.
Is it rocket leak?
I get really fun.
Just
playing like Survival. H
I mean that's why I sold mine
Plus. I mean PS five Xbox, Sirius X is about to come out. I
don't think I'm gonna buy it because that's a lot of money. Especially on like release day.
It
looks like a freaking like a mini fridge. It's just a
square
box.
and then the PS five looks like a wifi router. You remember I was watching the press revealed and I was so pumped and then I saw, I was like, wow. Yeah,
I'm 18. But I still go to school today is, well, this is my last year. I've been 12.
Oh, I'm doing like online. Mhm
My school Isar has the option of going online like completely or you can go to school for like two days of the week and like,
that's what, that's what my school's doing do. Yeah.
When I had my college class all the way back in like january, it was like a march and we had to do zoom meetings and that sucked.
I think online travel gonna be better for me though because I just got like a job like a couple
weeks
ago,
does a cashier job at a grocery store?
Well luckily what I can do is you can like my school like online you can do like whenever time you want. Like if you can do you can do your work at like midnight for
example
Because I work well today I work at five, I'm on the east coast.
So yeah I work out 5-8. Yeah
I got paid yesterday my first payday so that was cool.
my God you
better got paid good.
I mean working at the grocery
store I worked at is fine. I may only bring like 14 hours a week. H
Yeah I only work like three hours a day
and on Saturday I work five
plus. I mean it's just a little bit of money. Like I could save up.
No
I don't have any bills to pay, I can just save up.
No I don't have any bills I need to pay.
I mean I've been doing surveys for like two years and I've made like 1000 bucks on prolific. Uh
They
disqualify you after everything.
I've
been doing for like two years. H
like
I don't go on every day, but when I have free time I just go on
like
these for example they pay pretty good.
What
though
is that this is my last one because you can only do four. And I've done like four since like March.
It's
my force.
Which
I think.
yeah. I had one of those.
I think
so.
I think
That sucks.
I
was able to do it because I didn't have work so I just I could keep track of when I needed to do it. There's one where I get paid like $10 every week. Like every week they sent out a survey. It's like an hour long.
It's
yes. I think it's on like COVID-19.
That
there. So stringent on that. Like if you miss just one
then.
Like I don't make, I mean the surveys don't pay a lot, but like if they pay like a dollar for only like five minutes and that like save
that, that goes pretty quick. Like I think last month I'm holistic I made like 100 bucks.
because I kept on getting those like the ones where you have to do it like every week and and those ones pay really good.
get paid from work every other week. So twice a month.
Uh
Well I didn't get paid completely because they fucked up on my paycheck. So I
had
message yesterday because I make 8 25 an hour. They only paid me for 7 25. Mhm.
So I miss, so I missed like 20 bucks. I had a message my freaking like the
HR person.
Yeah. So stupid. And they misspelled my name to like,
they pay
in check and on the check. Is that my name was misspelled? I was like, oh my
no
my they don't do direct deposit. They only do check. It's a whole bunch of like old people working the
shot there.
Probably.
I saw that on it was on my pay stub. It said I worked like 21.3 hours. And plus you can see what taxes were taken out of it. Yeah.
They only trained me for only like two days and I'm already on my own. Mhm.
I mean the register is pretty easy though, like all you have to do really is just like scan the barcode and then put it in the bag and most people are really nice to me. But
then there's a couple other few like yesterday where they were really mad at me because I was going slow but
they did like $500 worth of food. Like what?
Yeah. I especially get mad when people, especially all people, they give me checks because uh
checks
are horrible because I have to look at their driver's license and then I have to put the freaking
like
I.
D. Number
and So stupid and
cash because like usually they want cash back and then we can't do cash back our location. So we have to say I'm sorry, we can't do cash back. And then they give me like $100 bill for only like a 30 fuck order. Like And plus we only have like $100 in our register at once. But that's basically all my money. And then I go to the manager. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh there's there's a few people that I don't like and they're usually regulars.
I
mean
all my coworkers are nice.
me too. Like if I was was working way more than like if I was working like an eight hour shift, I'd probably not like it as much. Yeah
I
mean my first week I was really tired because I wasn't used to working that much but now I'm starting to just get the hang of it.
Plus the I have to stand for like like four hours at time.
You
know? I mean freak in the old days. They have a chair that they just
did at. Yeah
I mean at least I can put this job on my resume so that if I want to go to another grocery store already, I have like some sort of experience.
I'm
surprised I got hired to because I mean I applied back in like june and they
and they
got
back
to me
like just like at the end of july so I thought they just completely forgot about me but they wanted me to go in for an interview
and
they hired me on the spot.
like
like I applied to another place, another grocery store too. But I haven't heard back from them and that was before I got hired. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Blood especially get out of the house because I was in that I've been in the house since like March. So it's nice to just get out a little bit plus I mean everything in our grocery store because I work at discount store like everything's really cheap. The first thing I spent my like a little bit of my paycheck money on was cookies because I was hungry and it was only like a dollar.
So first thing I ever bought was my first paycheck was cookies. Uh
That's nice. Mhm
gyms
are still closed where I live. I live in pennsylvania.
That
would get very hot.
You
don't really like think you gain that much, but then when you check it, you had,
I'm saving up for college because
I'm like, I want to do like networking because I know that's a really good job to go down and plus I just think it's interesting. Uh
Getting
into it.
That's
hard. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I see. It's 25 minutes. Good
talking to you.
Bye.