I can't hear you. Uh huh, No, sorry, can you hear me? I can't hear you though.
Hello? I I can hear you now, because how
are you?
Good this your first time doing one of these?
Okay. Yeah, I haven't done it before. Yeah, so we have to talk for 25 minutes, that's a long
time.
Uh I'll introduce myself. My name is gave I live in Silver Spring Maryland, do you know where that is?
Oh, that's funny. Okay, well I have, I'm married and have three kids uh and two dogs. Yeah, I live near Sligo Creek Parkway, I don't know, you
know?
That's funny. They must have matched people based on their zip code or something.
Yeah, I don't remember either,
but
it's fairly close to Yeah. Yeah, that's funny, yeah. Uh huh. How's quarantine going for you
to eat?
Yeah, you're actually going to go back?
Yeah, Yeah, yeah, my son just graduated from high school, so he was going to start college and they decided today that they're going to do it remotely basically basically as Maryland was doing well because he's going to go to ST john's college in Annapolis, Maryland was doing well and now they're not doing well, you know? So it's a bummer. Then my daughter who goes to Ny is still going to go back to new york city even though most of the classes will be remote, she just she needs to leave and we need, you know like it's good for her to be independent
and stuff, you know, especially when you already had the independence, you know, she's ready, she'll be a junior in college. So. Yeah. Yeah. Where's your pharmacy college? A school
our pharmacist
cost
now
and that's high,
it's in Fairfax Virginia. Okay. Yeah. So it wouldn't what do they have dorms if you if that isn't an option, would you have lived there
or?
a little closer. Well that's huh.
Right. And is that undergrad, is that graduate
school
that's high? And where did you go for undergrad?
Yeah. Great. Yeah. They're all remote to write, aren't they? Most of their class is going to be remote. I think so.
And
Colorado.
Okay. Yeah, it's everything changes so quickly. It's hard for people your age who are really experiencing all the most uncertainty about it. Right? I mean, you know, I mean it's not good for anybody but but you know you guys still have possibilities. Right? So yeah, did you go to high school in Montgomery County? You did? Where'd you go?
Okay. Yeah. A lot of my son's friends went there. Uh My older two had to blair and my and my youngest daughter is at Richard Montgomery. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Uh Actually called, do you have summer vacation plans? Right,
Yeah. Some people are going to the beach and stuff I guess. I don't know.
There
no.
Well
Where
in Costa?
Okay. Yeah, we go to one that's um called La Roland which is a little, it's I think it's in Howard County technically or it's just right just right little north of Montgomery county. Um Yeah, but we haven't gone recently went to pick strawberries like a month ago and that was one of the that's one of the first things we did outside. Yeah. But yeah, I've been pretty strict which has been hard because my kids don't want to be as strict but they cooperated
for the most
part.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't know, you know like eventually I was like okay outside is safer. So you know you can go for a picnic with your friend. One friend if you're not like right next to each other or something. Because it is hard to, especially for my youngest daughter, she's found a lot of her friends just like have dropped off, you know, you don't see them every day at school or something. Some of some of them just don't you know, contact you or whatever and that's been hard for her. Yeah and other friends of hers are doing stuff and she can't do it because we won't let her you know. So then that's also tough to but at the same time she's afraid to. So what are you gonna do? I don't know. So your long. So how long is a pharmacy degree take?
Wow, okay, that's a while. And then what is the job market for? It seems like it's probably good right. People take a lot of drugs in the United States?
And
Yeah. Would you get paid for that internship if you did it? Okay. That's good. Yeah. And what would that be at a, just like a CVS type place or somewhere
else?
Okay. Or target, They have them too right or not?
that's right. Right. They they're through CVS now. That's right. Yeah, wow. Hmm. Well it seems like a good career once it all like hands out. Yeah, it seems like one of those things that high in demand, I doubt that. Yeah, interesting. Um do you have siblings or you're an only child or?
Okay. And did you go to Einstein for the program or? Yeah, that's good. Yeah, my son's friends did that too, they were, my kids were on the french immersion program and that's like a creek Elementary and sims. Uh and then a lot of those kids to the program
and
I sign
up.
Yeah. Yeah it was I mean Sligo Creek happened to be our neighborhood school anyway and it happened to have the french. I'm actually Cuban. So we had applied for the spanish immersion, we didn't get in. Yeah it would be better for my kids to learn spanish because my family speaks spanish but I'm glad they speak a second language no matter what it is, you know? But yeah so that's that. Yeah so um What else? 25 minutes what are what have you been watching movies? Are you binge watching any TV shows or?
are they superheroes? What what what is the premise of that
show?
Right it's a little traumatic to,
I mean
so they're raised by a monkey that is funny and then they they are sort of like a league of super heroes that works together.
But they don't even know who their fathers are. It seems like it was all supernatural sort
of
All right. Yeah. Their mother was just the vessel. That
birthday.
True,
And the monkey is still around. Mhm.
Actually
that's a lie.
So
what,
how? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, interesting. I haven't, I've seen the ads for it, but I haven't watched said we've watched, I just watched the stuff with my kids. So we've watched jane the Virgin Parks in Iraq, the Office constantly. Um, The Good Place, orphan Black. Those are the ones we've watched and we watched a lot of cooking shows. We watch great british bake off Top Chef. Uh, There is a new one on Hulu with pot Mahalakshmi called Taste the Nation where she goes to different parts of the US and sort of explores the immigrant food that's popular there. It's really good. It's a good show. Yeah. Yeah. We, we've all been watching much more tv than we normally do. So it's kind of like uh yeah, I don't know. I haven't, I haven't found the interest in reading as much as I normally do.
Yeah, I guess it's, it's harder to forget about the real world maybe. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I mean I do a lot of crosswords to and even that I'm still doing them, but not nearly as many as I used to do. Like yeah, I'll do a few cooking. We've all, we've been into cooking.
We've all been,
yeah, we've all ensure we all enjoy that. And we've all been doing that a lot, cleaning up after ourselves.
Not so
much,
but the cooking part. Yeah. Yeah, that has been good. I mean, I don't know how your family did it, but we were, we weren't going into grocery stores and we still haven't. So I just had, yes,
stuff delivered from Costco, which we never, we never really got our real food from Costco. We would get like their stuff from Costco, but they were one of the few places that was delivery And so we we sort of adapted are our food to that and then eventually, you know, like places like safeway whole foods started delivering. But mm Yeah, that's like a big Planning session every week. Like what are we going to order? You know? And of course you only get like 75% of the stuff you order because you know like the inventory is not completely accurate. So a lot of stuff when they go to shop for it, they don't have. But, and I know it's the card is terrible. I know my kids tell me, so I just give people really huge tips to make up for it, you know, not to make up, not really to make up for it, but to show like my appreciation, you know? But yeah, unfortunately I have not been laid off or anything, so I'm still getting paid and still working. So. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I don't know that, you know, I've gotten used to this just having the food delivered and I used to love to go grocery shopping. I was the one that would go, I've always liked doing even when I was a kid, I would do it for my family and now I'm like, it's not worth it. It's all right to me, there's too many uncontrollables once I get in there, I don't know. Have you got into a grocery store?
specific purpose. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah my daughter says she misses trader joe's she just
wants
to go to trader test.
It's
like a
simple
And I've heard they're they've actually done a good job facing people out and
Because my son I drove by yesterday and I said it doesn't look that the line doesn't look that long. He said well I think what they do is have it go around the back so
it doesn't
that's
how
it doesn't
look.
Exactly. Yeah that's what he was saying to which I mean there's not a lot of space there anyway, you know that that whole parking lot is a disaster to begin with. So uh we're super crowded. I don't know. Yeah. And I like my sister in law, like my sister in law lives down the street from us and she's been going and she says it's fine. Although sometimes when you're like getting produced or something, someone will
come
very close, I'm very close to you to get some other, you know, related producer the same produce or whatever, which I don't want to deal with it. But yeah, the X.
I
or.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And I guess it depends like what their ventilation system is and all this other stuff. You know, I mean the things I miss about trader joe's are the salad mixes at the ice cream. I think their ice cream is actually excellent.
It's
it's just very high quality. You know like now even like the stuff that even like Hagen Daz vanilla occasionally when I've had it on like this doesn't taste doesn't taste good, you know like the trader joe's one is so much I guess it's creamier. I don't know what it is, maybe has more vanilla in it. It just tastes better. I think they do some things very well. Yeah. So do you have grandparents in the area at all or not?
like
Uh
I Okay. Yeah, because I was gonna ask because my in laws and I and my parents, I noticed with a lot of people of that generation, they weren't staying home at the beginning, like like their adult Children had to tell them you can't go out. It's
dangerous.
Yeah. Right. I mean I feel like part of it is older at a certain age, some people are like whatever we've seen everything And also just like at least my in laws, you know like they're 81 and 76, they're like, well we don't have a lot of time left, we don't want to spend it all in our house, you know, So it's kind of unusual but I think it has, I think it has been sort of a phenomenon among older people. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I write down the numbers every day, how many new cases we have,
how many people, how many people for our zip code, you know, it just sort of, I think I do every day. Yeah. Yeah. So
you know.
thanks.
thumbs up or thumbs down. Yeah. I don't know. I mean the rest of my family is in florida. That's where I'm from, from my brother, my brothers and their kids and my parents, I'll live down there. It's really bad. They live in Miami where it's really
bad.
really? Where do you live?
And
yeah, yeah it is. I went to high school in Hollywood florida, which is a Broward county, so I mean it's not as far north as Foca but yeah, yeah, it's a nice place to live for a little while. It's not a very serious place, like if you're serious, you know it's not a serious place. I remember my younger daughter when we went there once, she said why do all the women wear such high heels here? You know like it's a different thing compared to Maryland now. Right. Yeah. Did you ever go back or
I
think
I'm
in
love.
yeah. To Disneyworld.
ERT yeah. Was that your first time at Disney World?
Mm Yeah, I used to go, I mean as a kid I would go
every
year um but my kids, this makes my wife had never been and she thought she was going to hate it, so she didn't want to go and then we went and she left. She's like everything is, everything is so organized, everyone is just like all the employees are so like positive and whatever. She's like everything runs well, you know because then we went to the same trip, we went to Universal to do the harry potter to
the harry
potter
stuff
and this was early on and we we waited in line for the The one big ride for literally three hours. It's crazy. And we were reading up about it I guess at the time Disney had tried to get it. They tried to convince J. K. Rolling too, put the harry potter stuff at Disney but she wouldn't agree. They were like this is they were like this is what you need to do it. You need to have basically for four different versions of the same ride and for all vendors want shops and you know you need a whole bunch of them so not everyone is waiting for the one thing and she wouldn't agree to it. Of course Universal Wanted is like we'll do whatever you want.
But what?
Yeah, that's true.
That's
true. The event they eventually did add a second, all of the vendors one shop. I did see that the second time we went.
good,
good.
That
is good.
That's great. Because when we went you couldn't even get I don't know it's still the same. They're like certain the whole park was divided a different islands sort of or world and they wouldn't let you into the Harry Potter one once it got to a certain once it got filled too much you can't even go in there, you can't even go to like go get some butter beer or whatever. They wouldn't they wouldn't even let
you
in.
So you went this March? Oh wow okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Right. It probably started to die down a little. But then yeah interesting. Quite of course JK rollings not that popular right now so that might have affected it too. I don't know. Yeah that's funny. Did you go with your family or with
friends?
Yeah. Did you drive down or it's
clear?
Okay. All right so that was one of the last planes probably or your parents worried at that point or not? Right.
We're
gonna
we're
gonna
we're
we're going to detox you over here. Yeah. I know I would be nervous to be on an airplane at this point but some people have to do it for work. You know they don't have an option. I guess. I guess if you were if you were already a pharmacist you probably would be working. Right. I mean I assume that's under the essential sort of.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. I know CVS has been um because we you know we do take some medications. They've been doing free deliveries. But they mail them it's interesting
they mail
them
for the
U. S.
Through the post office. So you get this stuff from the post office that it's your medication. But it's funny. I don't know. We've gotten to the 25 minutes yet. Have we is there a time or somewhere
we did? All right. Okay wow. That was that went by quickly.
Yeah. Cool. So now what do we do? I haven't done this before
to the old window. I go back to the old wood so I closed this one off And then go the other one. Okay. Well it's good to meet
you.