Oh
hello.
I'm
good.
I've actually done it once before.
that
is
I love there.
I live near
there too.
Yeah. I don't think I remember putting in a zip code though,
I think I picked
like Eastern time and last time I got paired with someone from pennsylvania.
Um I'm just like board,
so like I'm in um currently in pharmacy school, so I'll be going back to school soon.
No, they actually they're like they want us to go back.
Yeah. It is.
Um It's been
it's in
pharmacy,
I mean it's unfair facts, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm mila.
Hi.
There's
no dorms actually, it's like a it's like a new campus, so like previously it was in um I think around Leesburg, so they moved into Fairfax.
it's kind of expensive to live there, so I'm still going to be commuting
graduate
school
undergrad. I went to University of Maryland in college Park.
like half of the time it's going to be remote,
so they're like alternating um every other week is going to be remote and that's based on the availability of the class base, which we're going to be sharing with upperclassmen And it's only like maybe
two or 3 rooms that they have for classes, so that's the reason why we're doing every other week, but they still they still want us to come.
Um I went to Albert Einstein High School.
Well, originally ahead plans, but that's not going to happen.
Yeah, I don't really think it's safe,
so I
yeah, I've been trying to find other ways. So recently I went to like a peach farm in like a multiple
of Maryland. Poolesville
Maryland, it's like in Montgomery
County.
Yeah, my parents
didn't
even let me leave my house for like two months and my work kept calling me to come in, I'm just like yeah, I can't do anything about it, I mean I'm living with them.
it takes four years, so I just like completed the first year.
Yeah. Um So like right now jobs are pretty bad. Um I've been trying to find um like work opportunities through the school since it's much easier for me to get like a pharmacy intern position compared to a pharmacy technician position, so I've
been working on that, but other than that I've just been like kind of like just going on walks inside a creek park and just like doing that to pass the time.
like
either at CVS or like a grocery store like Safeway or Giant
Target um has it through CVS, so I would apply through CVS.
I have a younger brother, he's like a year younger than me.
Yeah. Yeah, I had a lot
of friends
who did
that to
Um Yeah, I just started watching, I think like a second season of Umbrella Academy got released on netflix today, so I've been I think I only finished like three episodes so far,
so
it's like um so there are these first, it starts with like these women who like became pregnant out of nowhere, like there's no way for them to become pregnant, get a baby all of a sudden and the kids have like certain superhero's powers and then the mothers just die after giving birth. Like it's so random, like it's something supernatural like.
and then um
I think there's like a a monkey that can talk like it has like, I don't know, it's just random, but he adopts the babies and then trains them in this academy.
kind of like that, they're like they kind of trained them like uh like he kind of nurtured them like a family, so they feel like they're siblings in a way even though they're biologically not,
I
mean technically there is no father is just like,
oh yeah, I think
the father is technically the monkey
because he raised them, but but yeah,
um I think, okay, so the last season, the monk, one of the kids like accidentally killed the
killed him by mistake,
they got really angry
and
they're like power kind of like
Yeah, I haven't either.
Oh yeah, I recently
become more involved in that,
not
so
much here,
how have you been getting your groceries then?
Yeah. My friends started letting me leave the house like a month ago but not really. Like leave like go hang out with friends or anything. Maybe like come with them to the grocery store.
my
gosh.
I
go like
every
week. Yeah.
I wouldn't say that about the lines outside the lines outside the store like crazy long and sometimes you can't control people like built sometimes they'll take off their masks. Yeah.
That's
what they do. So you
think
it's short,
you like
look at you, you look at it, you're like excited. Okay. There's no line today. You know if there's the lines like around the corner.
Come behind
you.
I think it's more of an issue with like um like smaller grocery stores
where everything is so close
to each other.
I always go
for the ice cream most of the time.
No I only have um like one grandfather
who's still living, he lives right
now in India.
I had
a total to my parents.
hourly.
Usually I have one
friend in my group will give us updates everything daily, so
I don't even have to look them up.
I used
to live close to Miami before I moved to Maryland. Yeah
I lived in boca
Raton. It's like close to Miami.
Um I think
I went last
year
but
I didn't
go to Boca. I went to I think Orlando for like a spring break sort of trip.
Disney world. Yeah.
Um it was like my second or third time visiting
here
we
My
other
Harry
Potter one.
I noticed
that the employees there, they don't they're not as positive, but that's because they're in a character hilarious,
there was
that too.
I've noticed that their lines are like a lot a lot shorter now. Yeah,
like
I found it possible to do everything in the park in like one day, like it's that short. They so
it isn't
like you're waiting an hour for right, it's like Almost 30 to 40 minutes when most.
I
think
it might have been different because I also went around March, like I think that was when Maryland had its first case, so.
I
went with friends.
We
took the plane,
Well since it was only the first case in Maryland, they weren't concerned, but when I when I came straight home right after the trip was only a few days, like right after then they were just like okay you're not going anywhere. Yeah, because
by
then it
got
tremendously
worse.
Yeah, it's under the essentials.
Mhm. I think
they
started
doing
that recently.
Yeah. Yeah, we got to 25 minutes.
I did.
So um once your daughter and talking you kind of just close the window and then you go to the next um you click on the arrow to fill out the questions.
it's
nice talking to you. Hi.