Oh, I have cats around but they're not they're not currently
here
check.
Oh, it's
fine.
Yeah, I I tried this yesterday but no
one
showed.
I
for me.
I was like, it was like, do you want to talk to a random person? I was like, why not? Let's go
see how, see how other people are handling things right now. Yes.
Yeah, I felt a little, I don't know. It's
like, I mean it's like I want to say like survivor's guilt
kind of thing because my husband and I are both in a central jobs. So we've been, well when it's completely unaffected by anything because you know, we've just kind of both been business as usual. The only difference is now we can't visit family essentially. So
it's
Yeah, I am. I live in a college town. So most people, most of the students didn't come back after spring break.
So
it's
been. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm in pennsylvania. So,
so
we're okay. Yeah. We used to, I used to go down to, I mean Ocean City like a bunch. But yeah, I grew up in philadelphia, but now I'm in the middle of the state, so we're kind of, we're kind of in the middle of nowhere. Like, I mean one of the weirdest things was like my brother was living with us because he was going to school because you know, I'm, I'm graduated and all that and I just, I'm one of those people who went to, went to college and then never left the town. He's got it.
I just got a
job at the university. So um, my brother was living with us and my parents came up from philadelphia to pick him up when you know, they canceled classes and apparently in philadelphia, like it was already, you couldn't buy anything. Like there was no toilet paper, there was no you know like my mom was like I just want hot dogs. She was like you can't buy hot dogs. And so when they were here they just stocked up at our grocery store because like the middle of nowhere none of the students were here and we haven't had any like supply, you know chain issues or anything.
So
it's it's it's it's I mean like there was like a few things it's like oh they're out of like this brand of almond milk but they have this other brand of almond milk you know but like we haven't been a short on any essentials.
My dad uh they couldn't find toilet paper in philadelphia like at all and he was worried they wouldn't be able to get any. And so he ordered like you couldn't buy regular toilet paper online but he ordered like, you know they're like really terrible toilet paper that's in like campground bathrooms.
Yeah he ordered, he ordered like a case of that, so they have this and now they actually managed to get regular toilet paper before they had a resort to it. But my mom is like well now we have the emergency supply.
Yeah and we were we were kind of lucky in that look we we I think we had bought before everyone started buying it, we had just bought you know one of those like mega packs. So you know I think toilet paper is finally back in stock at the walmart, like we only have like six facts. Um But like we we got you know, it was like, oh no we might run low on toilet paper and then we realized we used like five rolls in a month because it's just me
and my husband
sweater.
Mhm. Q. Is
it?
It's
I
get
yeah, I I do it for you. I I mean I just I don't know, I like like doing surveys. I just find them interesting because like I'm always getting asked weird things. I'm like, let's do that. And
I
I
I
I got to do I like the ones where they're like psychological ones and the ones where like you get to the end and they're like, what did you think this survey was about? And they're like just kidding. It wasn't about that at all. You're just like,
oh I want to uh
well we we gotta I can't spend my computer screen down enough. But there's a cat beard. She's leaving. Okay. Where is he? Well, there you go. Now.
The
now whoever
watches this video
for research will get a cat and
Oh, that's a lot. How do you keep up with that many dogs
now?
I
had,
I think if I I think a lot that I I would love to foster, I rent right now so I can, you know, we have max too, so we have two cats. But I always say when we have a house, I was like, I want to foster because the local shelters always like who can foster kittens? And I'm like, I want to foster the kittens.
But uh
Right. Yeah, because they, you have to train them and they don't, they don't,
that sounds like sounds like something I would like to do
when
baby.
So is this for like
general training or?
Gosh,
Wilson
gotta, I've never trained a dog because we had a dog when I was little, but my parents was one of those, my parents had them before I was born and so we've always had cats and I like, you know, we looked at like adopting a puppy and I was like, I just didn't feel like I had the, I I didn't feel like I had the heart to train a dog, it was like, oh, you have to lock them in the crate and you have to do all these other things to train them. And I was like concerned, like I was like, if we have a puppy, it's just going to get really spoiled, like I'll just completely spoil
the
thing.
Yeah. Yeah, Well that's my eight us. It's, I mean I spoil my cats, but at least when you, you spoiled like you don't, they kind of come like litter box trained and stuff like that. Like there's just something they learn as babies and so it's like one of those things where I'm always like, well you know what who cares what their spoiled, they're like rescued him from a shelter they deserve, they're not going to live, you know as
long
as a human just let them let them live good.
No.
No.
The only thing they really aren't they? I I will say I think I talk a lot around them and both of our cats went and got them were very quiet and they are now very noisy. Um
I I think they learned like yelling equals I get stuff so so I have like, you know we got when we got to run the one you saw live lucy and she just like, she used to be so quiet, very reserved, hit all the time. And now she'll just like, she was like when she wants dinner, she'll slowly climb me. Like she'll just climb up my leg until she like me yelling in my face. And I'm just like, Jason's like my husband's like you did this. This is, this
is why.
Yeah. Yeah. Just like you better when she yelled and now she yells to be fed. Okay. But
I only waited the, I think it said you only had to wait five minutes if there was a no show.
no.
You just start like talking to the researchers be like, I don't know if you're going to watch this. But
what?
it's
Oh yeah, I, I had one once where I think I got to the end of the survey and then it glitch before it did the, before you sent your finishing code back to prolific. And I was like, hey, I'm so sorry, Like I swear I did this. I don't know if you've got my results. Like just let me know. And they're like, oh don't worry. We, we, we found you because I was worried that one was gonna get thrown out because that one was like, I think it's like a $4 survey and I was like, so
I have one like that, that's still the waiting because it was no code. And I was just like, hopefully this goes through
I
do. Yeah, I do that as well.
wag books. I normally for a while I was trying to meet the second goal every day,
But
the
same because the more you do, the second also, the higher it gets. So like every
time you do the second it goes from like, you know, 200 and beginning of the month to like 600 at the end. And I'm like there's
not
I do it daily. Just because the
because
I don't
want to I don't want to break the streak.
So.
I know. I know. So like I'm always just like I'm like uh just until I get that $1 when I get that $1 that I'm
done. So
great.
Because because because then on the fifth of the month, like today I got $8
in bonuses and I was just like, this is why I did it every day.
$8. Because I think I hit the second
a couple of times.
I
had
I had a couple of days where I hit the second. I think I think they were all for like a high paying, like I got one remesch study last month. So that hit like it was $10 in a day. So
that
was
No,
mine was for, mine was for pads. So it was just like, do you think this would be comfortable? And I was like, I, I haven't touched it. I don't know what it was like which one looked most comfortable and it looks like uh so
I
got one, I wish I could get another one like this. I got one so I didn't get paid through swag bucks but I got picked for it through swag bucks and it was cat food bags and it was like a zoom chat. So it was like, like they actually called me and gave me a link and I like chatted with a guy for half an hour about which cat food bag I like and then they sent me an
email and was like, what's your, what would you like, Paypal or amazon? And I was like, paypal, here's my Paypal email. And that one was $30 for half an hour of just talking about cat food bags.
Yeah, it was just like, which one do you prefer? What you know, like, do you like blue or green better? Like basically it was that was how it was.
Is
there another survey section?
And
that's what
I do when I'm, yeah, I do the same thing when I get, because sometimes the gold surveys, they run out of ones that give you disqualified points, The theory and research always does. So I'm like, we'll go in the room.
Mm I don't know if I've ever had one of those credit, which is I sort of gave up on them.
I started, so I I did one of those ones where you get all the information in and then you get to the end and then it's like great now to get your sample, you have to like, And and then it will be like, you have to download this game and spend $10 and I'm like, oh, so I I think I I completely gave up on doing those ones. Those ones were were frustrating.
I started doing this is this is not earning, unfortunately this is spending, but I'm using the money. I'm using like my prolific money to buy discounted samples from ads on like instagram now. So I keep getting like, you know, it's like you want to try this protein bar, like just pay shipping and I keep doing those.
I actually okay, so I ordered I get I go into I guess I could I get obsessive about things and so I guess my current addiction is now to like instagram ad samples for food. And I ordered so many of them, I had to build like a spreadsheet so I could track them and I was like so I've got ratings in there and like have I tried it yet and like how much would it cost if I wanted to actually order it? Because some of them will be like you know just pay shipping so you'll pay like $2 To get like six protein bars. But then if you want to order more of them, they come out to like $3 a bar and you're like they were good but not that good
so far. Um All the ones I've ordered have been through like websites that have like a like a Shopify checkout. So they actually go like I order them and then they go straight to I have the app for it and they go straight to the app and actually like get the tracking right away and everything
so I can see that there. So the ones I don't have yet, I can see that they're coming and I've already gotten a lot of them.
I go through, I I normally pick ones that have like there's been a couple that I've clicked on where the website is a little shady and I'm like I don't think I trust this, but the ones I trust them if they have like basically like, like a lot of them have the exact same check out because they all use like a third party like service for the checkout system and I'm like okay they have a real check out, they seem legit, but they do do they do the thing that always creeps me out where like sometimes I'll put stuff in the cart and see how much shipping is. And because there's been times where I've like, you know, it's like, oh, $20 for, you know, this big box of chocolate and you're like, great, and then shipping $10 and I'm like, no, nope. And
so
all the
like,
Yeah, I'll believe so I'll delete my cart and then you get an email later and it's like, Hey, I noticed you have something in your car,
here's
20, coupon if you come back and buy it. He just like, mm
I'm like, oh you want me to buy these cookies, but I'm not gonna do it
great,
So
they
yeah, they did say there'd be a timer and it was like, you'll see a timer, you can use that time to track your chat time,
but
don't move to the next page until you've opened the conversation in a new tab. You will not be able to go back to this page and you will not be able to begin your conversation, the said note once you open the chat window, a timer will appear here,
but
I do not have a timer. I had this yesterday and I was wondering about it,
but
All right, see I have my mike, I don't know. I figure If we just go to like 55 after then we're definitely at 25 minutes. Um Yeah,
so
We have a very large walmart, so I think they have a sign on the door of how many people are allowed in, and it was like 1000 people are allowed in this walmart. So there were there were, I will say it was frustrating
because we
were there uh, lucy going to the window. Uh we're kind of frustrating because you know, they had, does your walmart have all the like stickers on the floor for like me to make all the aisles? One way, people were not following that
at all at ours.
And
there were some people not wearing masks, and which was weird because they were checking for them at the door. So I think people were actually like coming in wearing a mask and then taking it off. So it was a little little annoying because our state at least pennsylvania's on mandatory mask laws right now.
Yeah, so I go into work part time now. Um and when I do go in our job, like you have to wear a mask because
so um I I do research, but it was deemed essential by the um by like our governor and stuff so I can do some of it from home. But some of it I need like laboratory resources and stuff at my work. So it's kind of weird where I'm like working half days in the office and then half days at home. And they only want so many people in the office at that time. So we actually have like an online calendar where we can pick up and drop hours in
the office. So I've been picking up I would rather be done earlier in the day. So I've been picking up shifts at like six. a.m.
So I've been I've been getting up at like four.
I know I was like I was like I was like oh yeah I will come in at all come in at six and like leave at 10 and then work from home the rest of the day. Like I like that a lot. And I normally I used to commute to work by bus um which they are still running and they're free, but it's I don't know, it just seemed better since the gym was closed to, so I've just been walking to work because it's about two miles, so I just like walk in every morning then like you know, work for four hours and then come home.
You're
It's
like
I'm
working.
Uh The only the only I guess the only thing I kind of upset about is I just I had a lot of co workers who were students and so they're all graduating this summer so I might not see them again before this is over because they haven't allowed students into our lab. Um
So that's that's kind of sad because they're they're all going to be like leaving before they allow students back, but we've been having virtual like virtual happy hours and we have enough, you know, I have I have a lot of online games that can be played like, you know, across, you know, computers and stuff like that, so all extremely game and be like let's go,
Mhm, I didn't I didn't have many for a long time, and then I, this past year I met one coworker who kind of pulled me and sucked me into the group with a bunch of other coworkers, and we've become this like just grouping of people, so it's like I only have one group, but this
at least it's been making this kind of fun.
So
I feel
like sure sure for sure, we'll see. Uh but I'm getting used to it isolated, I always find myself looking down to myself, I'm like, do I look okay?
But
no, you're fine if you like, I like your window shutters, The background showed
up, it just looks like a nice dairy room. I don't I don't like my house very much. We're moving this summer, which
I
don't
know,
sad stuff. We never unpacked because we moved in and we're like, we don't like it, we just left stuff. So
No, it was we when we did the show how, because it's a it's an area of town homes and we did, you know the walk through one of their model homes and it was very nice and then when we moved into this one um like I said, we live in a college town and this building shows the wear and tear er having been lived in by college students. Like there's a lot
of like, I mean there's like soft spots in the floor where you know you step in your foot sinks in and the
walls
are
poorly patched and yeah and I I that's okay, I cannot wait until I can afford to buy a house because I am ripping up all the carpet. Like I have allergies too, so carpet just like it's gross, but every rental has carpet and you can't do anything about it.
well I told, I told my husband, I was like we're having no carpet in the house and he was like no, no no we're having carpet in the bedroom and I would like explain your position to me because carpet is awful and he was like, I don't want my feet to be cold when I get out of the bed in the morning. That was his only argument. And I was like, we will get you an area rug on your side of the bed because
then we can take it out and clean it because I want to, I'm
sorry.
Oh yeah, it's everywhere. And we were both long haired cats, so it's just we have to vacuum constantly and I still don't trust that everything comes out. Yeah. And then there's just, oh, they think like there's just so many things they like painted over. I don't think I could show you because I don't probably wouldn't show up in the lighting, but like all the ceilings have those like glow in the dark stars on them that they just
painted
over.
They just
paid
well, I like them, but it's just the fact that shows how rushed this house was when they prepared it because they didn't take them down. And I think they literally painted over them. So like the ceilings are all painted over stars. And I'm like,
I was like, honestly, I was like, could you have just left? I would rather have had the
star
Still glowing. Then these painted over one. Mm hmm.
No, no, they don't show up. There's I mean there's a lot of stuff where it's like, I'm pretty sure you've just been painting over this crack every year. And that because it's like, you know, we moved in and all the walls started like cracking apart, you know, at the door frames. And I was like, you've just been painting over this. So
yeah, we found a new place. So we and we got really lucky because last time when we moved into this place, we actually had 10 days between leases and we had to live in a hotel for 10 days and
we
had to put all
of our stuff in storage and it was just this huge thing, it was expensive. And then this time around we actually found a place we actually don't have to be out of here until the end of july and we can be in our new place at the beginning of july. So we have a whole month to move our stuff so that's going to be nice. And we we found a place that was having they were running a special so it was first month rent free.
So we're not paying for that month of july nice.
it will be a nice move and we're excited about it. Right. Well there's the other cats, mm There is
bingo
he
thinks
Yeah they're both tuxedos bingo is about twice the size of lucy though. He's about £16 and she's only about eight or so.
Thanks.
Yeah, he's a he's a big chunk er you know, pick him up come here. But yeah.
Yeah. His face, his face always looks so weird mirrored because his face looks like it's symmetrical normal. And then when you hold them up to a mirror, you realize that the black comes further over on one side of his face. So my husband are always like mirror cat. Mm hmm.
And
yeah. Oh, he's always cute is just startling because his face looks so different in reverse. Uh uh Because it's just one of those things, it's funny because like my family members who can't tell them apart and we're always just like one has a white face and one doesn't
Well, I mean you're gonna pass because they're like off in the distance but like like it's like if you look at both, their faces were like okay these are different cats. Right?
All right.
I think
I think we're just uh I think we just go through the survey but I guess say goodbye and then do this.
Uh Let's see how do I do that. I'm on a Mac and I always forget the command for screenshot. I'm sorry. I just have to like search it.
Yeah, I have it over in the corner.
I
mean I have one different yeah I have I have um I have two monitors so I have one on each.
So you mean you're on you're on two different computers?
I don't
think at all. I don't think that will matter.
All
Uh Well too. Uh huh. Come on. I mean I just started the survey and it just starts asking like did you have a good video? I mean yesterday because they didn't they didn't have any proof that I did Um waited for the five minutes. No. Right.
then it
just
starts and
it's
Well I just click next just to see if it would have any other instructions and it just says like, hey how was your chat line? So I think it will.
I think I think we just like say our goodbyes and then we go through our surveys.
Yeah, I think I came in at, well in my time I came in at at For like 20. I think I came in at almost 4:30. It was like 4:28. Mhm.
So
it's been it's like been like 35 minutes.
Right.
Mhm. And then I think, yeah. And then I think we just say goodbye and go through our go through our surveys,
It
was great.
It's very nice. But nice meeting you.
I'm I'm melissa.
So,
they, they did say like we might send you more of these and I was like, go for it. Why not?
All right.
Bye.