SPEAKER_R: Hey Burner,
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: You're doing really well. My name is Ryan.
SPEAKER_L: My name is jay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, j nice to meet you. Uh
SPEAKER_L: to meet you and
SPEAKER_R: what what part of the country in
SPEAKER_L: um I'm in Alabama
SPEAKER_R: Alabama? Okay. Before I've done a couple of these and they seem to be normally pairing people that are from the same region so far, but you're the furthest away I've had, I'm in Chicago, I've done a couple in Chicago and uh somebody last week in uh colorado Springs, so that was a little bit interesting as well Alabama,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: Pat.
SPEAKER_R: been there in years. How are things going down their, given the state of everything or everything going pretty well or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah things are things that are fine. Um I mean they are not back to normal yet, there are some places that still not functioning I guess some places have shut down permanently, but other than that things are quite under control
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: thank you getting back to normal
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: are people, are people there reacting pretty well as a kind of a 50 50 things, Some are mad and some are trying to follow what they're supposed to be doing or?
SPEAKER_L: it's a 50 50 thing I would say. Some people are like this is something I've seen some people but like this is like all the hoax and you know they're trying to hijack
SPEAKER_R: you can
SPEAKER_L: the elections and like no
SPEAKER_R: find,
SPEAKER_L: they are, this is all the way. Um Yeah, some people are really following it to the t and making sure that you know everything is going on also.
SPEAKER_R: it's tough. I understand. I just, you know, if everybody would stick to it for just a little bit longer, we could get ahead of the thing and unfortunately just doesn't seem to be part of our culture. I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: the deal is. Oh well how long how long have you been down there? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I've been here for three years now so yeah
SPEAKER_R: Part of what part of the country you're from originally? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually from India to start with, but I've been here for three years. Um So
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's it's been a fun experience.
SPEAKER_R: you came right from India to Alabama. Well that's different that's different. I grew up in Arizona and I never I never cared very much for the heat down there and so I visited Alabama and I think 14 and my grandmother lived there a good part of her life there in Mississippi and that heat and humidity. I don't know how you can do it man. That that is harsh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: august in september I feel are the worst two months in donkey. Uh So yeah, we are in the prime of heat and humidity time.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Have you were you there during any of the latest storms? I can't remember when the last big hurricane came through there.
SPEAKER_L: Um No, not really. I mean there was one I think in april or may, I don't remember but it wasn't, I mean the part of the state I'm in, it didn't hit very bad. So it was like it was a downpour you couldn't go out because it was raining heavily but doesn't that it was just fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's good. So how are you liking it there? You think you'll stay a while or you just,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will stay awhile. So I'm quite a rooted work wise now. And especially with Covid 19 I'm like, I don't want to lose my job. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: don't even
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: want to go outside so. I know.
SPEAKER_L: as I have it, I'll be like, okay, this is that I can, you know, sit back and keep working and doing stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good. You have a family with you?
SPEAKER_L: No, I do not have time with.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: quite an adventure.
SPEAKER_L: are it is not so much an adventure if you stuck inside during the summer because of the pandemic. But otherwise yeah, it's, wait a minute. What about him? Do you have family?
SPEAKER_R: Uh My best friend and I lived together so we you know that's nice to have something built in but we're here we're taking it pretty seriously because we're writing not in the heart of the city but we're really close just a little bit from downtown nana. You know I don't know how much news you watch but with a lot of the riot stuff when it first started what's happening down. In fact they had another police shooting day before yesterday so they had to close down in town last night and so with all that going on and Covid on top of that, we've taken a pretty serious and we just tried to keep to ourselves until it's over. Um, there's a huge park right across the street and it's kind of watch people out there on the weekend since they opened it up again gathering and playing volleyball and soccer. And I'm going, oh, you guys, you know, I don't have a problem going to the park, but if you could just wait a little bit longer, you know, before you start getting that close, because when you got nine million people on top of it just spreads so fast and, you know, they're not sending the kids back to school that's smart and you know, they're trying to do the best they can with restaurants and bars and those things keeping them limited occupancy. So they're doing a good job. But it's just like, I think it's everywhere is pretty much 50 50 right? There's 50% of those people that just say, oh you're invading my, you know, personal rights and this, that the other thing and well, you know, that's part of living in a society is we have to give up some of those rights if we want everybody to be healthy and and I care about everyone, even if we're a little bit different, I care, care that you're healthy, so, but you know, I said I each to their own to I respect that, so I just kind of do my part and I hope it will be over eventually. So what are you, what are you kind of missing? You must have gotten used to kind of, you know, a routine over the first couple of years and now you end up stuck in the house, what what kind of things you're looking forward to once it's over?
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, once it's over, I definitely plan to travel. Um So I did not travel, he drinks, the last time I traveled was in fact but that was working late to travel. So yeah I think I went to Jan and early five I don't remember. So I went to Dallas Dallas this for a conference and all. So yeah, I mean we had
SPEAKER_R: correct,
SPEAKER_L: two days extra. So the conference center on friday we were like okay we'll see dollars for like, you know the weekend. Uh And then it wasn't Dallas isn't a very touristy city, I would say there isn't like what to do as tourists, so
SPEAKER_R: man,
SPEAKER_L: it was fun. But then I was like okay this year we have to plan like in the summer either a proper proper hiking trip uh in colorado or you know go down to the beach and then we're thinking december or you know thanksgiving post thanksgiving time basically uh to go to florida in sense of to visit Disneyland because it's so close from her and I was like if I don't go to Disneyland and Disneyworld from her, it wouldn't just make sense once I move
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: somewhere else and lie down and yeah I'm looking forward to the things opening up and like I mean they are open right now but you know more comfortably opening up, you go and not be afraid of falling in and making others will. Um And I'm looking forward to actually having some fun time with you know traveling with friends especially so yeah there.
SPEAKER_R: I'm the same way here because you know, one thing I missed quite a bit is the mountains and there's no close range mountains to Chicago, so that's at least a day's drive to get anywhere decent and I just, I'm not willing to spend that time in and out of hotels and in and out of gas stations and in and out of restaurants and that kind of stuff, it's just, it's now we seem to think the same way on that, it's just not worth the risk right now and there'll be time for it, you know, there'll be time for it, so
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: the colorado, that's interesting. So yeah, so you've, you've only seen in the three years, you've been here, you've only been Alabama in Dallas, that's it,
SPEAKER_L: No no no no but I plan to travel a lot each year. Uh But that was my last one and I was
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: hoping I could go somewhere in the summer. I think the year
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: before was much lighter because I did a trip to India to visit family and all and so that that was a big chunk of money so I did not travel, where did I go? I think I went to san Antonio. Yeah in 2019 I went to san Antonio. Um But that was all san Antonio and your rings but all for like fun trip and those are those aren't super long or anything so I was like okay 2020 is my other to explore you know other parts of your say. Uh But yeah but I've I've traveled I've traveled to Chicago, that was 2018, I think. Yeah, 2018 Chicago that I went to new york. I haven't been anywhere on
SPEAKER_R: Look,
SPEAKER_L: the East Coast and
SPEAKER_R: what, what did you think, what do you think of Chicago in new york?
SPEAKER_L: so new york and really, I felt it was it is, it's an ideal place for someone super young to live, but at the same time, I think it's a little too fast for me personally, I'm like, that's that's going way too fast. I think I would like things to slow down just a little bit. Um you know, perhaps suburbs of New york or something that New Jersey, that would be great. But I haven't traveled a lot, I haven't visited or spend time in New Jersey Chicago was on the contrary, I, and I think this, I don't know as a the person who was living there, you might have a better opinion, I was just scared, but thinking like retrospectively,
SPEAKER_R: thanks
SPEAKER_L: I don't think that was enough to, there was anything to be scared about, but I think just the news
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and everything makes it like Chicago is, you know, you're gonna get killed any moment. Um but thinking of the retrospectively, I don't think it was something that uh
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: funny,
SPEAKER_L: cold because I've visited lee november or late november sometimes, and I was like, oh god, this is
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like really cool and uh right, so
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and I'm from like one of the harder parts of India, so I don't think like growing up, I think one builds a sense of how to deal with cold and how to deal with heat, like while growing up, you know how you dress and what you eat and what are you doing? Those things make a difference. So when I came to Alabama I was like okay this is this, I mean yeah it's annoying but it's not bad, I can manage the seasonally, but I think when I traveled north each time it's a bit of a learning experience. Like the first thing I learned was you have to go layers on. Um and I know it it comes like yeah it's about it's common sense that if you put layers on. But then I also realize back home and I used to travel to cool places. It used to be layers that you really can't remove because it's gonna be cold all the time. But when I travel to cities like new york and Chicago and winter, I realize that you're going to be outdoors, but then you're also going to be indoors so you can't have layers that you can't pull out once you you have to have these jackets that you can remove. So yeah it is a learning experience. Uh
SPEAKER_R: different.
SPEAKER_L: Another nine. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: weird
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: hauling all that stuff around with, it gets to be a pain in the neck after a while. That's funny because I think just naturally I'm built more for the cold. I had going back several generations. I have family that are from cold places and I have a family that are from hot places and I was born and raised in Arizona where it's always hot and I never liked it. And so everybody kept warning me, oh, you know when you moved to Chicago you're going to hate it snows all the time and it's cold and it is that we have some really cold and it's really bad when the wind picks up, then it can really get cold. But I still find it better than the desert where you can't, I don't know if you've had people talk to you about this, but the layers you can take off, right? If you're hot somewhere out there is nothing you can do is find a, you know, a lake to jump into. That's about all there is. Uh, that was tough growing up in a place that was that hot with no water. But I don't know, like said everybody is a little bit different. I had friends that were from indiana uh and they moved out to Arizona and I told him I said it's gonna be a little bit different, you know in Indiana there's a whole lot of humidity you guys get a little hot, but there's a whole lot of humidity in Arizona, it's really dry, but it's going to be super hot. They loved it, they absolutely loved it. They're like, oh this is kind of what we grew up with. Okay, no problem. I'll go find some mountains. You can stay here. What?
SPEAKER_L: One. Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Good. So one thing good about Alabama is I think there are like at least about I am in there are a lot of tiny mountains so it's like hiking is never uh difficulty. You drive like in about 30 40 minutes drive radius you have like four or five parts that you can just visit. And
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: so that that's helped me during the pandemic because you know if you're getting bored and you want to go out but you don't want to go into places where you might come across people then you just drive and go and these places are huge to accommodate these crowds.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that. I might, So when I visited Alabama as a, as a kid, we drove through the southern half, right along the coastline. When my mom was a kid, she lived for a couple years in Huntsville, which obviously a lot further north. But when she described Huntsville, you know, I never heard, I didn't even know there were mountains there. I didn't know they had that
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: type of stuff. I thought she always described it as farmland and I thought I figured that's all there was.
SPEAKER_L: I mean these are not like very huge mountains but these are like I would say huge hills. Yeah. And they provide like an ideal um hiking kind of you know it's not like a genius. You won't be painting but it's a huge long walk and waterfalls here and there and these streams that you can cross and sometimes you can even go like initially I was afraid when I got here because I used to do a lot of fighting back home, but I was like I don't know these places, I don't know the animals around that. I don't know what to do in in case things go wrong. So initially for a year or so I went around with anyone else who was going and you know like the roots and uh got used to it and now I'm like ok yeah I want to go pretty attend in the God and just go and you know it's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: sure you heard that saying most of the animals are more scared of you than you are
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: of them anyway. So, so back home, what major city are you closest to? I know I know Hyderabad, I know Mumbai. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm from Mumbai,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. I used to work with some people in Mumbai and they used to describe the heat of the summer. That that can be pretty brutal. I was surprised though last time I talked to them, they were in uh in the middle of winter and I was surprised actually how cold it can get there. That I didn't know, I thought it stayed kind of mild all the time but they said they have winter days that actually get really chilly so that's that surprised me. Um So hiking there did you? I mean were there forested areas when I think of hiking, I don't know why because not all hiking is in the forest but that's always what I think of when I think you have forests by where you can go hiking or was it just kind of a different type of, I don't know what I'd call it, more leafy trees as opposed to like pine trees? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Um so uh Mumbai comes very close to the equator so most like all of the forests in and around is evergreen. So uh that is a benefit and yes there are some forested areas um it's a further drive like 23 hours drive and you will go or you will arrive to a forester areas India having such a huge population. Um There is always a village here and there Sprinkle about. So you would walk for like three or four hours and you will come to the next village um like that. But yeah there are some forested areas and Mumbai was the seat of the Murata Empire uh in the 17 hundreds before the 17 hundreds, 18 hundreds before the british got to us. There are some beautiful force build on tops of hills and that provides as like a good touristy or weekend destination where you know you hike up to the ford, you have this amazing view, you get to see a little bit of history, explore the fourth around and then yeah you get down from there so that that's I think where I did most of it. I also went up like yeah you know already summers are miserable like Alabama summer is nothing. It's a joke in front of him by somewhere. Uh huh. So I used to uh like once I was old enough, I used to work summers in the way I used to
SPEAKER_R: place.
SPEAKER_L: go up not in
SPEAKER_R: Mr
SPEAKER_L: the Himalayas because that's where it's cold and you know pleasant and the best time so that I used to do these long tracks where you would track in the snow for days and things like
SPEAKER_R: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: that. so
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: beautiful, that's something I would like to do. And then my niece um during her schooling she was uh I don't know what they call it. Hydro engineer. Water engineer and I don't exactly know what that means but and they spent some time in Nepal helping them build water systems and sewer systems, irrigation systems and what have you. And she was absolutely fast. They got to travel across northern India and Nepal and everything and she said she was just absolutely blown away. She said you know the nicest people you'll ever meet, most beautiful scenery you'll ever see. She said it's unfortunate it's fortunate for the people there that more tourists don't get there. But she said it's unfortunate that not everybody gets to see it. She said it was just absolutely spectacular. So one of the one of these days.
SPEAKER_L: it's very beautiful. Uh no doubt and uh yeah it's fun and especially it's a relief to avoid the heat um in the south. So yeah, there
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: are some places
SPEAKER_R: everybody,
SPEAKER_L: like the last one and I, I like that place so much that when I went to India in 2019
SPEAKER_R: On the way
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I'm still like I'm here for a limited number of days where I'm still going to go up north for a track. Um and I've been doing here like during christmas over here 2018 christmas basically 2019 jan um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it was, it was there is this one place that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But right now.
SPEAKER_L: opens up only in the winter and it shuts down in the summer and you would think in the Himalayas it would be the other way around there in the summer it would open up. But the thing is that this city of 1000 people or so whatever is only connected to the rest of the world for um
SPEAKER_R: I mean, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like the three or four months of winter. It's the prime
SPEAKER_R: Let me tell
SPEAKER_L: winter
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: because the river that flows from that city all the way down trees is and
SPEAKER_R: Welcome
SPEAKER_L: that's the
SPEAKER_R: doc.
SPEAKER_L: only way to actually
SPEAKER_R: I'll
SPEAKER_L: cross the mountains. Uh
SPEAKER_R: be dark.
SPEAKER_L: You have a helicopter or something which of course the people in that tiny city don't have the funds to do any of that. So you have to like do a glacier track to go and these people keep going up and down throughout the winter to try and collect all the resources that they will need for the next.
SPEAKER_R: This spring. What holy smoke? How much have you recall? How many people give or take it there?
SPEAKER_L: sorry for
SPEAKER_R: Do you recall what the population was about town? Give or take?
SPEAKER_L: I think the your
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: visited there was like 1000 57 or something that
SPEAKER_R: Still that amazes me that you know the disparity in the ways that we live. You know, we end up taking for granted and it doesn't take too long to get used to some of these things and it's absolutely
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: fascinating. Do you still do you still pay attention a lot to the news back home or do you find yourself more engaged in what you're doing here?
SPEAKER_L: I think I don't actively seek news from back home, but social media and you know friends they keep posting and that's how I think I'm still quite updated in terms of news. Um, but other than that I don't actively seek for like it's happening kind of yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We just had a conversation not too long ago with a quaint. I wouldn't call him a friend, an acquaintance here and you know, all the trouble. It depends on your political views. But he was talking about modi and how worried he was about family and the way the politics are going there, you know, similar here and similar in brazil that the direction they're going with that stuff and he said he was just worried because he's so far away and he's trying to establish things here at the same time, things are going south there. He's trying to bring all the family out to, it's just a word. So except but I guess, you know, it depends it depends on your viewpoint. Some people, some people think trump is great. I don't but some people do. That's all right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean body has his ways. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would say that he is a progressive thinking leader in terms of economics and things like that. Um, he's done some big blunders no doubt on those fronts. But I think the biggest criticism I have for him is how he is kind of made in a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: battleground for religion, which wasn't the case before he came in. So I feel that he has fueled the fire a lord and uh, if it doesn't stop with his stone then it could be like, you know full fledged
SPEAKER_R: This one
SPEAKER_L: rights and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny because that's exactly the discussion we had. that was the concern of our acquaintance was the same thing he said. You know, he wasn't even sure that we could say it was on purpose. He said, you know, he's just trying to do these populist things that are sometimes backfiring and then this is what it's turning into. And I equate that to trump because I look at it and say to be honest with you, I don't think trump is a religious person. I really don't think he cares One way or another. I think he's just using it to stoke the politics. And I think if it doesn't stop here, I think we're headed for bigger trouble than we're already in. And it's depressing. It's it's I find myself sometimes ignoring the news. I watch enough to keep up to date and make sure there's nothing major I'm missing. But boy, it gets so depressing. After all. They do those studies where they say it can affect your psychology if you read too much of the negative information. So I'm trying, I'm trying.
SPEAKER_L: And new for example, I feel news only sells if it's negative for some reason and that's why the news news for the new house is just talk about the negative stuff. There is very little positive news that you get to your not that positive events don't happen. It's just I guess it doesn't sell them probably so
SPEAKER_R: we need and I don't know if you know, I haven't traveled enough abroad kinda in Mexico that doesn't really count to know, you know, if it's a cultural thing here in the United States, but we need for some reason this culture needs drama. You know, and you look at the news, you look at the television shows that you watch the reality shows and uh that they even even aren't necessarily so much reality, right? They even kind of script those shows for the drama that they create out of them. Um at least sports to a certain degree is a, is a sort of a natural drama. You know, we've been engaging in that for, you know, Millennia I suppose.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: Um, it's sad to see that we need to create so much of this television and this, uh, I agree there is fake news out there. There certainly is. But it's, you know, coming from all sides and other countries and it's just, uh, it's gonna come a nightmare if they don't get a, get a hold of it. It's, I don't know how people buy into it, but they do and it makes things tell us. Yeah, I agree, though, that, I don't know what it is. I don't know. I said, I don't know if it's natural if it's just something about the culture that we've created here, but we definitely do. We love to see the negative and we love to see the drama we love to see, for some reason people suffer and, you know, we like to see him overcome it too. But when it comes to the news they'd rather see people suffering than than the good stories. I don't get it. I really don't
SPEAKER_L: yeah, in India also I think uh I think Southeast Asia especially because I know South Korea is known for its uh reality shows which are of conscripted but there are some really good reality shows from there. And South South Korea is known in the world to have produced the best reality shows um of course scripted. But yeah, it's like the drama and even in India um I feel news or television and things like that drama is very much a part of the daily living. So Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know, I didn't know that about South Korea. I didn't know, I knew they had some reality shows. I didn't realize they scripted him. I thought there's we're kind of supposed to be more realistic than
SPEAKER_L: no the the industry has been criticized over there much more strongly because they scripted uh down to um like and sometimes they use kids as actors but they scripted down to like the lives of kids. Um and they choose participants. So initially they used to make participants live a certain way, but then they were like this is very too much work too, and the acting isn't good if you take them out of the national element. Um And they were also criticized because some studies showed that after because if the show goes on for like five or six years, that's the formative viewers of a child or whatever. And they felt that you know, just acting in a way for like four or five hours in a day just to make the show the child's psychology or mental, you know, whatever we're looking to that, which wasn't good because a reality show has to have a within that um if a kid's ends up being super villainy in real life, that isn't good. So yeah, then they were like, okay, we're just gonna choose characters. So they do thousands and thousands of auditions until they can find a perfect person that switch their character so that they don't get the blame, that it was affected the child certain ways.
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: sure just since you've been here, you know, you pick up on these, they're always telling these tragic stories of Hollywood child actors, right and all
SPEAKER_L: The Commission
SPEAKER_R: that. They're always end up that are doing drugs or you know, divorce
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Robin Stores about. So it really does. I mean that industry really does affect people. I think if you get them to young it's bad. Doesn't um I know they do. Obviously Bollywood is huge but just in India also has some very long running soap opera type shows like I thought I thought I had heard
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: do video. That's why I said India is known, I mean not known worldwide, but India has a lot of drama and so forth kind of shows. Uh there are like series that have been running every like five days a week, basically 20 minutes episodes each for like 10, 12 years.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I thought, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's a lot of episodes like you know, 3000 episodes for a series and something like yeah, No.
SPEAKER_R: And Bollywood in general um so what I'm used to or what I know only because I'm kind of a theater fan is most of the Bollywood I know is kind of the upbeat happy love stories and usually a lot of music included in dancing. They always seem as I grew older, they always seem upbeat to me and now I've heard recently that they're starting to do more darker stuff, more dramatic stuff as well. Do you feel it's changed over time to
SPEAKER_L: Yes, and I think in the past couple of years especially, I think the the darker stuff of that audience was never taught tapped into by the ball, a word in the old Bollywood industry per se. But that genre or that child is being explored heavily by netflix and once network started and then people realize, oh wait, people like this
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: and we
SPEAKER_R: different.
SPEAKER_L: can produce this and still make money. I think it's slowly everyone else is trying to realize, okay, we can do this and that's how, so I think netflix was the big game changer in that scene.
SPEAKER_R: You know that's funny because I just noticed in the last month or so we'll watch a lot of netflix and a lot of mostly series, but occasionally a good movie comes on and I all of a sudden noticed all these we we suggest this for you and it was a lot of not the traditional Bollywood or the stuff I consider treasures from Hollywood but a lot of action films. Uh probably what actually from time thinking to myself why in the world are all these coming? That's why I started doing a little research and they have always suggesting, you know that they're finally tapping into this. Hey, everybody loves it. You know, it doesn't matter what culture you're from. They enjoy it. So
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: they started making more. That's interesting. That's really interesting. Well j we have hit our mark.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, we have.
SPEAKER_R: It was uh thank you. Yeah and again I'm due somewhere about five minutes but very nice talking to you. I hope now did you come for work? Like you finished school and then you came right for work or did you mm
SPEAKER_L: I came here for school actually,
SPEAKER_R: for school? Okay. Theater school and then Okay, awesome. So do you intend on staying if if that's not too personal or you want to go back home eventually? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well I don't want to go back home in tons of work opportunities. Um but I also, I'm since now that I have the freedom to move around with the kind of work I do, I am waiting for the pandemic to kind of roll over across the globe and yeah, I don't intend on staying in north America. Um overall, I think I might go to uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Australia because europe, I think language is the biggest barrier for me. I don't know a lot of european languages, so Australia I think is uh you know, I'm I'm hoping that I can find something there. Is that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well good luck to you. I think that's awesome. You're gonna end up having a living a good life. I like that. We should get out more often and like said visit more cultures and do some more travel and I wish people in the United States would do some more of that. They might begin to get a different perspective on life. So but
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: very nice to talk to you. Good luck all your travels and stay safe while you're doing it.
SPEAKER_L: you do. Bye!