Hey Burner,
how are you doing?
You're doing really well. My name is Ryan.
Yeah, j nice to meet you. Uh
what what part of the country in
Alabama? Okay. Before I've done a couple of these and they seem to be normally pairing people that are from the same region so far, but you're the furthest away I've had, I'm in Chicago, I've done a couple in Chicago and uh somebody last week in uh colorado Springs, so that was a little bit interesting as well Alabama,
I've
been there in years. How are things going down their, given the state of everything or everything going pretty well or?
Good,
good.
How
are people, are people there reacting pretty well as a kind of a 50 50 things, Some are mad and some are trying to follow what they're supposed to be doing or?
you can
find,
it's tough. I understand. I just, you know, if everybody would stick to it for just a little bit longer, we could get ahead of the thing and unfortunately just doesn't seem to be part of our culture. I don't know what
the deal is. Oh well how long how long have you been down there? Yeah
Part of what part of the country you're from originally? Mhm.
What
you came right from India to Alabama. Well that's different that's different. I grew up in Arizona and I never I never cared very much for the heat down there and so I visited Alabama and I think 14 and my grandmother lived there a good part of her life there in Mississippi and that heat and humidity. I don't know how you can do it man. That that is harsh.
Well
Right. Have you were you there during any of the latest storms? I can't remember when the last big hurricane came through there.
Yeah that's good. So how are you liking it there? You think you'll stay a while or you just,
I
don't even
want to go outside so. I know.
Yeah. Good. You have a family with you?
Well that's
quite an adventure.
Uh My best friend and I lived together so we you know that's nice to have something built in but we're here we're taking it pretty seriously because we're writing not in the heart of the city but we're really close just a little bit from downtown nana. You know I don't know how much news you watch but with a lot of the riot stuff when it first started what's happening down. In fact they had another police shooting day before yesterday so they had to close down in town last night and so with all that going on and Covid on top of that, we've taken a pretty serious and we just tried to keep to ourselves until it's over. Um, there's a huge park right across the street and it's kind of watch people out there on the weekend since they opened it up again gathering and playing volleyball and soccer. And I'm going, oh, you guys, you know, I don't have a problem going to the park, but if you could just wait a little bit longer, you know, before you start getting that close, because when you got nine million people on top of it just spreads so fast and, you know, they're not sending the kids back to school that's smart and you know, they're trying to do the best they can with restaurants and bars and those things keeping them limited occupancy. So they're doing a good job. But it's just like, I think it's everywhere is pretty much 50 50 right? There's 50% of those people that just say, oh you're invading my, you know, personal rights and this, that the other thing and well, you know, that's part of living in a society is we have to give up some of those rights if we want everybody to be healthy and and I care about everyone, even if we're a little bit different, I care, care that you're healthy, so, but you know, I said I each to their own to I respect that, so I just kind of do my part and I hope it will be over eventually. So what are you, what are you kind of missing? You must have gotten used to kind of, you know, a routine over the first couple of years and now you end up stuck in the house, what what kind of things you're looking forward to once it's over?
correct,
man,
Great.
I'm the same way here because you know, one thing I missed quite a bit is the mountains and there's no close range mountains to Chicago, so that's at least a day's drive to get anywhere decent and I just, I'm not willing to spend that time in and out of hotels and in and out of gas stations and in and out of restaurants and that kind of stuff, it's just, it's now we seem to think the same way on that, it's just not worth the risk right now and there'll be time for it, you know, there'll be time for it, so
the colorado, that's interesting. So yeah, so you've, you've only seen in the three years, you've been here, you've only been Alabama in Dallas, that's it,
got
it.
Look,
what, what did you think, what do you think of Chicago in new york?
thanks
What?
that's
funny,
that's
true,
different.
It's
weird
hauling all that stuff around with, it gets to be a pain in the neck after a while. That's funny because I think just naturally I'm built more for the cold. I had going back several generations. I have family that are from cold places and I have a family that are from hot places and I was born and raised in Arizona where it's always hot and I never liked it. And so everybody kept warning me, oh, you know when you moved to Chicago you're going to hate it snows all the time and it's cold and it is that we have some really cold and it's really bad when the wind picks up, then it can really get cold. But I still find it better than the desert where you can't, I don't know if you've had people talk to you about this, but the layers you can take off, right? If you're hot somewhere out there is nothing you can do is find a, you know, a lake to jump into. That's about all there is. Uh, that was tough growing up in a place that was that hot with no water. But I don't know, like said everybody is a little bit different. I had friends that were from indiana uh and they moved out to Arizona and I told him I said it's gonna be a little bit different, you know in Indiana there's a whole lot of humidity you guys get a little hot, but there's a whole lot of humidity in Arizona, it's really dry, but it's going to be super hot. They loved it, they absolutely loved it. They're like, oh this is kind of what we grew up with. Okay, no problem. I'll go find some mountains. You can stay here. What?
Go ahead.
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that. I might, So when I visited Alabama as a, as a kid, we drove through the southern half, right along the coastline. When my mom was a kid, she lived for a couple years in Huntsville, which obviously a lot further north. But when she described Huntsville, you know, I never heard, I didn't even know there were mountains there. I didn't know they had that
type of stuff. I thought she always described it as farmland and I thought I figured that's all there was.
I'm
sure you heard that saying most of the animals are more scared of you than you are
of them anyway. So, so back home, what major city are you closest to? I know I know Hyderabad, I know Mumbai. Um
Okay. All right. I used to work with some people in Mumbai and they used to describe the heat of the summer. That that can be pretty brutal. I was surprised though last time I talked to them, they were in uh in the middle of winter and I was surprised actually how cold it can get there. That I didn't know, I thought it stayed kind of mild all the time but they said they have winter days that actually get really chilly so that's that surprised me. Um So hiking there did you? I mean were there forested areas when I think of hiking, I don't know why because not all hiking is in the forest but that's always what I think of when I think you have forests by where you can go hiking or was it just kind of a different type of, I don't know what I'd call it, more leafy trees as opposed to like pine trees? Uh
place.
Mr
Beautiful.
That's
beautiful, that's something I would like to do. And then my niece um during her schooling she was uh I don't know what they call it. Hydro engineer. Water engineer and I don't exactly know what that means but and they spent some time in Nepal helping them build water systems and sewer systems, irrigation systems and what have you. And she was absolutely fast. They got to travel across northern India and Nepal and everything and she said she was just absolutely blown away. She said you know the nicest people you'll ever meet, most beautiful scenery you'll ever see. She said it's unfortunate it's fortunate for the people there that more tourists don't get there. But she said it's unfortunate that not everybody gets to see it. She said it was just absolutely spectacular. So one of the one of these days.
All
everybody,
On the way
to
do
it.
Yeah.
Yeah. But right now.
I mean, Yeah.
Let me tell
you.
Welcome
doc.
I'll
be dark.
This spring. What holy smoke? How much have you recall? How many people give or take it there?
Do you recall what the population was about town? Give or take?
Come
on.
Still that amazes me that you know the disparity in the ways that we live. You know, we end up taking for granted and it doesn't take too long to get used to some of these things and it's absolutely
fascinating. Do you still do you still pay attention a lot to the news back home or do you find yourself more engaged in what you're doing here?
We just had a conversation not too long ago with a quaint. I wouldn't call him a friend, an acquaintance here and you know, all the trouble. It depends on your political views. But he was talking about modi and how worried he was about family and the way the politics are going there, you know, similar here and similar in brazil that the direction they're going with that stuff and he said he was just worried because he's so far away and he's trying to establish things here at the same time, things are going south there. He's trying to bring all the family out to, it's just a word. So except but I guess, you know, it depends it depends on your viewpoint. Some people, some people think trump is great. I don't but some people do. That's all right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This one
that's funny because that's exactly the discussion we had. that was the concern of our acquaintance was the same thing he said. You know, he wasn't even sure that we could say it was on purpose. He said, you know, he's just trying to do these populist things that are sometimes backfiring and then this is what it's turning into. And I equate that to trump because I look at it and say to be honest with you, I don't think trump is a religious person. I really don't think he cares One way or another. I think he's just using it to stoke the politics. And I think if it doesn't stop here, I think we're headed for bigger trouble than we're already in. And it's depressing. It's it's I find myself sometimes ignoring the news. I watch enough to keep up to date and make sure there's nothing major I'm missing. But boy, it gets so depressing. After all. They do those studies where they say it can affect your psychology if you read too much of the negative information. So I'm trying, I'm trying.
we need and I don't know if you know, I haven't traveled enough abroad kinda in Mexico that doesn't really count to know, you know, if it's a cultural thing here in the United States, but we need for some reason this culture needs drama. You know, and you look at the news, you look at the television shows that you watch the reality shows and uh that they even even aren't necessarily so much reality, right? They even kind of script those shows for the drama that they create out of them. Um at least sports to a certain degree is a, is a sort of a natural drama. You know, we've been engaging in that for, you know, Millennia I suppose.
Um, it's sad to see that we need to create so much of this television and this, uh, I agree there is fake news out there. There certainly is. But it's, you know, coming from all sides and other countries and it's just, uh, it's gonna come a nightmare if they don't get a, get a hold of it. It's, I don't know how people buy into it, but they do and it makes things tell us. Yeah, I agree, though, that, I don't know what it is. I don't know. I said, I don't know if it's natural if it's just something about the culture that we've created here, but we definitely do. We love to see the negative and we love to see the drama we love to see, for some reason people suffer and, you know, we like to see him overcome it too. But when it comes to the news they'd rather see people suffering than than the good stories. I don't get it. I really don't
I didn't know, I didn't know that about South Korea. I didn't know, I knew they had some reality shows. I didn't realize they scripted him. I thought there's we're kind of supposed to be more realistic than
Well I'm
sure just since you've been here, you know, you pick up on these, they're always telling these tragic stories of Hollywood child actors, right and all
that. They're always end up that are doing drugs or you know, divorce
Robin Stores about. So it really does. I mean that industry really does affect people. I think if you get them to young it's bad. Doesn't um I know they do. Obviously Bollywood is huge but just in India also has some very long running soap opera type shows like I thought I thought I had heard
about
that's what I thought, yeah.
And Bollywood in general um so what I'm used to or what I know only because I'm kind of a theater fan is most of the Bollywood I know is kind of the upbeat happy love stories and usually a lot of music included in dancing. They always seem as I grew older, they always seem upbeat to me and now I've heard recently that they're starting to do more darker stuff, more dramatic stuff as well. Do you feel it's changed over time to
I'm
different.
You know that's funny because I just noticed in the last month or so we'll watch a lot of netflix and a lot of mostly series, but occasionally a good movie comes on and I all of a sudden noticed all these we we suggest this for you and it was a lot of not the traditional Bollywood or the stuff I consider treasures from Hollywood but a lot of action films. Uh probably what actually from time thinking to myself why in the world are all these coming? That's why I started doing a little research and they have always suggesting, you know that they're finally tapping into this. Hey, everybody loves it. You know, it doesn't matter what culture you're from. They enjoy it. So
they started making more. That's interesting. That's really interesting. Well j we have hit our mark.
It was uh thank you. Yeah and again I'm due somewhere about five minutes but very nice talking to you. I hope now did you come for work? Like you finished school and then you came right for work or did you mm
for school? Okay. Theater school and then Okay, awesome. So do you intend on staying if if that's not too personal or you want to go back home eventually? Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Well good luck to you. I think that's awesome. You're gonna end up having a living a good life. I like that. We should get out more often and like said visit more cultures and do some more travel and I wish people in the United States would do some more of that. They might begin to get a different perspective on life. So but
very nice to talk to you. Good luck all your travels and stay safe while you're doing it.