Hey,
I'm doing good, how are you?
My name is jay,
to meet you and
um I'm in Alabama
and
Pat.
Yeah things are things that are fine. Um I mean they are not back to normal yet, there are some places that still not functioning I guess some places have shut down permanently, but other than that things are quite under control
and
thank you getting back to normal
and
it's a 50 50 thing I would say. Some people are like this is something I've seen some people but like this is like all the hoax and you know they're trying to hijack
the elections and like no
they are, this is all the way. Um Yeah, some people are really following it to the t and making sure that you know everything is going on also.
it's
I've been here for three years now so yeah
I'm actually from India to start with, but I've been here for three years. Um So
yeah, it's it's been a fun experience.
Yeah. I mean
august in september I feel are the worst two months in donkey. Uh So yeah, we are in the prime of heat and humidity time.
Um No, not really. I mean there was one I think in april or may, I don't remember but it wasn't, I mean the part of the state I'm in, it didn't hit very bad. So it was like it was a downpour you couldn't go out because it was raining heavily but doesn't that it was just fine.
Yeah, I will stay awhile. So I'm quite a rooted work wise now. And especially with Covid 19 I'm like, I don't want to lose my job. So
as
on.
as I have it, I'll be like, okay, this is that I can, you know, sit back and keep working and doing stuff.
No, I do not have time with.
So
are it is not so much an adventure if you stuck inside during the summer because of the pandemic. But otherwise yeah, it's, wait a minute. What about him? Do you have family?
So yeah, once it's over, I definitely plan to travel. Um So I did not travel, he drinks, the last time I traveled was in fact but that was working late to travel. So yeah I think I went to Jan and early five I don't remember. So I went to Dallas Dallas this for a conference and all. So yeah, I mean we had
two days extra. So the conference center on friday we were like okay we'll see dollars for like, you know the weekend. Uh And then it wasn't Dallas isn't a very touristy city, I would say there isn't like what to do as tourists, so
it was fun. But then I was like okay this year we have to plan like in the summer either a proper proper hiking trip uh in colorado or you know go down to the beach and then we're thinking december or you know thanksgiving post thanksgiving time basically uh to go to florida in sense of to visit Disneyland because it's so close from her and I was like if I don't go to Disneyland and Disneyworld from her, it wouldn't just make sense once I move
somewhere else and lie down and yeah I'm looking forward to the things opening up and like I mean they are open right now but you know more comfortably opening up, you go and not be afraid of falling in and making others will. Um And I'm looking forward to actually having some fun time with you know traveling with friends especially so yeah there.
now.
No no no no but I plan to travel a lot each year. Uh But that was my last one and I was
hoping I could go somewhere in the summer. I think the year
before was much lighter because I did a trip to India to visit family and all and so that that was a big chunk of money so I did not travel, where did I go? I think I went to san Antonio. Yeah in 2019 I went to san Antonio. Um But that was all san Antonio and your rings but all for like fun trip and those are those aren't super long or anything so I was like okay 2020 is my other to explore you know other parts of your say. Uh But yeah but I've I've traveled I've traveled to Chicago, that was 2018, I think. Yeah, 2018 Chicago that I went to new york. I haven't been anywhere on
the East Coast and
so new york and really, I felt it was it is, it's an ideal place for someone super young to live, but at the same time, I think it's a little too fast for me personally, I'm like, that's that's going way too fast. I think I would like things to slow down just a little bit. Um you know, perhaps suburbs of New york or something that New Jersey, that would be great. But I haven't traveled a lot, I haven't visited or spend time in New Jersey Chicago was on the contrary, I, and I think this, I don't know as a the person who was living there, you might have a better opinion, I was just scared, but thinking like retrospectively,
I don't think that was enough to, there was anything to be scared about, but I think just the news
and everything makes it like Chicago is, you know, you're gonna get killed any moment. Um but thinking of the retrospectively, I don't think it was something that uh
it was
cold because I've visited lee november or late november sometimes, and I was like, oh god, this is
like really cool and uh right, so
yeah, and I'm from like one of the harder parts of India, so I don't think like growing up, I think one builds a sense of how to deal with cold and how to deal with heat, like while growing up, you know how you dress and what you eat and what are you doing? Those things make a difference. So when I came to Alabama I was like okay this is this, I mean yeah it's annoying but it's not bad, I can manage the seasonally, but I think when I traveled north each time it's a bit of a learning experience. Like the first thing I learned was you have to go layers on. Um and I know it it comes like yeah it's about it's common sense that if you put layers on. But then I also realize back home and I used to travel to cool places. It used to be layers that you really can't remove because it's gonna be cold all the time. But when I travel to cities like new york and Chicago and winter, I realize that you're going to be outdoors, but then you're also going to be indoors so you can't have layers that you can't pull out once you you have to have these jackets that you can remove. So yeah it is a learning experience. Uh
Another nine. But yeah
it was
fun.
One. Sorry?
Good. So one thing good about Alabama is I think there are like at least about I am in there are a lot of tiny mountains so it's like hiking is never uh difficulty. You drive like in about 30 40 minutes drive radius you have like four or five parts that you can just visit. And
so that that's helped me during the pandemic because you know if you're getting bored and you want to go out but you don't want to go into places where you might come across people then you just drive and go and these places are huge to accommodate these crowds.
All
I mean these are not like very huge mountains but these are like I would say huge hills. Yeah. And they provide like an ideal um hiking kind of you know it's not like a genius. You won't be painting but it's a huge long walk and waterfalls here and there and these streams that you can cross and sometimes you can even go like initially I was afraid when I got here because I used to do a lot of fighting back home, but I was like I don't know these places, I don't know the animals around that. I don't know what to do in in case things go wrong. So initially for a year or so I went around with anyone else who was going and you know like the roots and uh got used to it and now I'm like ok yeah I want to go pretty attend in the God and just go and you know it's
fun.
That's
yeah I'm from Mumbai,
Um so uh Mumbai comes very close to the equator so most like all of the forests in and around is evergreen. So uh that is a benefit and yes there are some forested areas um it's a further drive like 23 hours drive and you will go or you will arrive to a forester areas India having such a huge population. Um There is always a village here and there Sprinkle about. So you would walk for like three or four hours and you will come to the next village um like that. But yeah there are some forested areas and Mumbai was the seat of the Murata Empire uh in the 17 hundreds before the 17 hundreds, 18 hundreds before the british got to us. There are some beautiful force build on tops of hills and that provides as like a good touristy or weekend destination where you know you hike up to the ford, you have this amazing view, you get to see a little bit of history, explore the fourth around and then yeah you get down from there so that that's I think where I did most of it. I also went up like yeah you know already summers are miserable like Alabama summer is nothing. It's a joke in front of him by somewhere. Uh huh. So I used to uh like once I was old enough, I used to work summers in the way I used to
go up not in
the Himalayas because that's where it's cold and you know pleasant and the best time so that I used to do these long tracks where you would track in the snow for days and things like
that. so
happen.
it's very beautiful. Uh no doubt and uh yeah it's fun and especially it's a relief to avoid the heat um in the south. So yeah, there
are some places
like the last one and I, I like that place so much that when I went to India in 2019
I
was
like
okay, I'm still like I'm here for a limited number of days where I'm still going to go up north for a track. Um and I've been doing here like during christmas over here 2018 christmas basically 2019 jan um
So it was, it was there is this one place that
opens up only in the winter and it shuts down in the summer and you would think in the Himalayas it would be the other way around there in the summer it would open up. But the thing is that this city of 1000 people or so whatever is only connected to the rest of the world for um
like the three or four months of winter. It's the prime
winter
because the river that flows from that city all the way down trees is and
that's the
only way to actually
cross the mountains. Uh
You have a helicopter or something which of course the people in that tiny city don't have the funds to do any of that. So you have to like do a glacier track to go and these people keep going up and down throughout the winter to try and collect all the resources that they will need for the next.
sorry for
I think the your
I
visited there was like 1000 57 or something that
and
I think I don't actively seek news from back home, but social media and you know friends they keep posting and that's how I think I'm still quite updated in terms of news. Um, but other than that I don't actively seek for like it's happening kind of yeah.
Yeah, I mean body has his ways. Um,
I would say that he is a progressive thinking leader in terms of economics and things like that. Um, he's done some big blunders no doubt on those fronts. But I think the biggest criticism I have for him is how he is kind of made in a
battleground for religion, which wasn't the case before he came in. So I feel that he has fueled the fire a lord and uh, if it doesn't stop with his stone then it could be like, you know full fledged
rights and things like that.
And new for example, I feel news only sells if it's negative for some reason and that's why the news news for the new house is just talk about the negative stuff. There is very little positive news that you get to your not that positive events don't happen. It's just I guess it doesn't sell them probably so
and
yeah, in India also I think uh I think Southeast Asia especially because I know South Korea is known for its uh reality shows which are of conscripted but there are some really good reality shows from there. And South South Korea is known in the world to have produced the best reality shows um of course scripted. But yeah, it's like the drama and even in India um I feel news or television and things like that drama is very much a part of the daily living. So Yeah,
no the the industry has been criticized over there much more strongly because they scripted uh down to um like and sometimes they use kids as actors but they scripted down to like the lives of kids. Um and they choose participants. So initially they used to make participants live a certain way, but then they were like this is very too much work too, and the acting isn't good if you take them out of the national element. Um And they were also criticized because some studies showed that after because if the show goes on for like five or six years, that's the formative viewers of a child or whatever. And they felt that you know, just acting in a way for like four or five hours in a day just to make the show the child's psychology or mental, you know, whatever we're looking to that, which wasn't good because a reality show has to have a within that um if a kid's ends up being super villainy in real life, that isn't good. So yeah, then they were like, okay, we're just gonna choose characters. So they do thousands and thousands of auditions until they can find a perfect person that switch their character so that they don't get the blame, that it was affected the child certain ways.
No,
The Commission
Hi.
We
do video. That's why I said India is known, I mean not known worldwide, but India has a lot of drama and so forth kind of shows. Uh there are like series that have been running every like five days a week, basically 20 minutes episodes each for like 10, 12 years.
That's a lot of episodes like you know, 3000 episodes for a series and something like yeah, No.
Yes, and I think in the past couple of years especially, I think the the darker stuff of that audience was never taught tapped into by the ball, a word in the old Bollywood industry per se. But that genre or that child is being explored heavily by netflix and once network started and then people realize, oh wait, people like this
and we
can produce this and still make money. I think it's slowly everyone else is trying to realize, okay, we can do this and that's how, so I think netflix was the big game changer in that scene.
I mean,
Yes, we have.
I came here for school actually,
well I don't want to go back home in tons of work opportunities. Um but I also, I'm since now that I have the freedom to move around with the kind of work I do, I am waiting for the pandemic to kind of roll over across the globe and yeah, I don't intend on staying in north America. Um overall, I think I might go to uh
Australia because europe, I think language is the biggest barrier for me. I don't know a lot of european languages, so Australia I think is uh you know, I'm I'm hoping that I can find something there. Is that
what?
you do. Bye!