SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Oh yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. No. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: doing? Well,
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not really sure what to expect here. Have you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: done this
SPEAKER_L: actually have, this is my fifth one. I've done. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: jeez Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: they had they had limited it to four and now they've increased it to six. So this is my fifth one. So well my name is linda. You don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have to give
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: your name if you don't want to.
SPEAKER_R: Hi linda. I'm Sheila.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's fine. I just the same. I just kind of heard a prolific and so forth through read it and then, you know, I heard about this study. Uh so yeah, I'm doing it now and like uh priest follow up, I'm going to win
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you done under other prolific studies that don't require like this face to face
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's, there's a lot of other ones that are just like little circus. One was like a group thing where you had to do a game with other people,
SPEAKER_L: My house
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: mark. Yeah I've been doing on for about a year. Um I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: try to look at them every day and you know good as many done as I can each day and there's a couple other same type of things. Um Kind of surveys and stuff you can do. Um You don't get rich off of it but it's a little bit of money so yeah
SPEAKER_R: Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: it's good. But um yeah I had conversations with three women and a man before. Um Yeah just talk about general stuff. I'm in pennsylvania near Hershey. Well
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: I appreciate it yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So uh so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: yeah go ahead. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's all right. I am in massachusetts. I'm uh boston area, just a little south of boston. Ah I don't know, what else can I mention? I'm kind
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: of, I guess I'm in between jobs or yes, I'm still young and you know, I was, I'm trying to think. I had been doing a little freelance
SPEAKER_L: Three.
SPEAKER_R: sort of writing. I didn't do a ton. It's very hard to, you know, find
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: sort of work. And that I had also done retail in fine jewelry. I done fundraising in a coal center. Yeah, I get tutoring were, you know, kids in boston. I'm trying to think of some of the other stuff. Yeah. So I am uh kind of excited. I'm getting a new job next week. I'm gonna have you heard about contact tracing?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I have yes I had all.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm doing that with um there's a group, um, you know, a sort of non profit organization that the state is contracting here to do the covid 19 sort of contact tracing. And it's going to be good. It's going to be, you know, full time, it's remote and so forth. Uh We just, you know, I needed something.
SPEAKER_L: Can can you work the hours you want or do you have like set hours that you work then?
SPEAKER_R: It was for, I don't know, like what's going to happen in the, after this week or whatever for this week. I think the first day of training next week, actually, you know, this coming week, first day of training is self paced. So I guess that's pretty struck unstructured for just whatever you want. And then the, yeah, the rest of the four days for that week are like, I think one day is like 95 most is identified
SPEAKER_L: minute.
SPEAKER_R: except for one day is like 9 to 4 30 I think. But yeah, after that week, um, I don't know. We'll have to see what my schedule is. I think it's gonna be, you know, some what kind of like stable, that's what I've wanted for a while is a job with just normal, like, you know, daytime to evening hours. Because, you know, in retail, of course, I would get a lot of like you know occasions where I would work mm like you know 5 to 6 days a week and I would just get one random weekday off
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: hard,
SPEAKER_R: of the time I did towards the later on I did mostly get you know like 49 at night. I did used to have, I used to have more day shifts but I don't know for some reason later on and get his money. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm retired so I unfortunate that I didn't have a job loss or anything like that in the past year and then my husband retired in january as well so so we're retirees. We just got back last friday from a three week trip out west to like Yellowstone and um Mount Rushmore and some of the other parks out there. So we just got back last friday two Fridays ago from that. So
SPEAKER_R: What's button? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know we kind of got a little antsy because he had just retired. We did spend
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the month
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: of january
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: in florida but then after that we didn't have much time to do anything. So I finally
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: said to him and so let's just take a trip out west. So we were on the road for three little just 22 days. 33 weeks. Yeah. So it's nice to get away. It's nice to get a little while
SPEAKER_R: Which,
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't know my family. I'm still, I'm still with, you know my parents and so forth. We kind of wanted to go. But I don't know my mom and my dad too there are a little like nervous about travelling about you know trying to stay safe especially you know staying in a hotel or whatever. We
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: usually we usually just do like road trip, never at least us with you know big kids. My my sister, I'm 20 for my sister is 23 my brother is 19 and uh the three of us, we've never flown. I think my parents
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: they did do you know some travel some flight travel back before we were we were born. But since we've been around they haven't flown in by, I have in the past I applied to study abroad and so far I've got accepted two different I think they were both in Dublin in Ireland but I checked you know the bill and so forth. And I was like oh I can't afford this so I had to you know reject it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My daughter actually studied in Dublin for a semester and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: yeah Maynooth was the one, I don't know what the name of the places you have looked at but she was in she was at Maynooth which is just outside the Dublin. And then my husband, I went, flew over and visited for 12 days and got to go around the country and spent some time with her. So. So yeah, she was really fortunate have the opportunity to go and do that. And she got to go to a lot of different countries because it's so inexpensive once you're in europe to travel to the other countries and now she so yeah, she really, she really enjoyed that. And she she's uh 24 she's still home. She just graduated in May and is studying to take her boards to be an occupational therapist. So she's she's going to stay home hopefully for years. She was a job lined up. So so she's just studying every day now to take her boards at the end of the month. So
SPEAKER_R: It was clear.
SPEAKER_L: it will be good for her. Have you always, you've always lived in massachusetts? Yeah. Yeah. I grew up about 10 miles from where my husband and I live now and he's maybe 30 miles from here, so we didn't go very far, you know, after we left home and stuff. So um is your weapon and chilly up there getting colder?
SPEAKER_R: mm. It's, it was actually pretty warm up today. We took, we have a dog, we have Jack Russell. Uh she's can we took her to that. At least my mom and I went my sister, she usually does tend to go on our walks with us. She wasn't feeling it today. She was, you know, she had like a migraine. So yeah, that's uh mhm. That was good. You know,
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: he loves
SPEAKER_L: weather years been
SPEAKER_R: stick
SPEAKER_L: perfect.
SPEAKER_R: around.
SPEAKER_L: We've had perfect weather here in the last last week or so. Yeah. High sixties, low seventies and the trees are certain to change and um
SPEAKER_R: It is, yeah, it's good for, you know, teething leave taping now. Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh,
SPEAKER_L: it's been really nice. I I've spent five days at a pennsylvania state park with a friend, friend of mine rented it, I rented a cabin in a state park and it's right where the Appalachian trail crosses through, it's actually the halfway point, depending whether you go from north to south or south to north. So we got to see some hikers and um we took our bikes and kayaks and our daughters came and uh stayed with us a couple of days and we got the fish and hike and stuff, so it was really nice, really nice weekend so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: so it was great. Have you ever been to pennsylvania?
SPEAKER_R: no, I've thought about actually in middle school, uh in middle school, The big trip for eighth graders used to be in Gettysburg.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, we're about 30 miles from there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but the year that I was in eighth grade, they actually changed the trip we went to, there were a few ideas being tossed around, but we finally settled on new york city, which was fun. And they had done, I don't know, probably like three or four years prior to when I was in eighth grade. They had done that before. But yeah, I was kind of, you know, through 6th and 7th grade, I was kind of like looking forward to going to Gettysburg. We didn't end up going. But you know,
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hair.
SPEAKER_R: still raped new york. I thought, you know, I thought about like um mhm the Hershey Park. Of course I,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: big,
SPEAKER_R: kids, they went there when I went to Gettysburg, I had a few friends who are, who are a year older than me or so that's where they went. Um Also, you know, like philadelphia seems fun. I don't know if they want philadelphia with celebrity, but it seems kind of, I don't know similar. Yeah, I got this, you know, they have of course the big like history angle that
SPEAKER_L: worry.
SPEAKER_R: boss have.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah philadelphia is about an hour and 15 minute train ride and you can drive it in about an hour and a half from here, you can catch the train and it takes you right into downtown philadelphia. My daughters have done it a couple times. My one daughter has a college friend in philadelphia says she would we take the trained our of friday night and then bring it back on a sunday and there's a lot meaning there was a lot of good museums there and some theater and things like that. It's a, I worked there for a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: little while and one of my jobs. But um yeah it's a it's a good city. I mean this is living in pennsylvania were close to new york, were close to the beach, close to philadelphia 3.5 hours from Pittsburgh close to D. C. So there's a lot of places you know you can do over the weekend from here. Our airport, it's not real
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: big, not like the boston airport Atlanta but um but you can fly to some places from here get to Nashville and the Disney area and um you know some other places so it just took a place to live. It really
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: is, it's not far from, you know we're Harrisburg which is our capital city is not very big. Um But it there's a lot offered around here
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: truly so you've never come to Hershey Park there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I thought about it. Um I think, yeah, my parents actually, they took some brochures or whatever to see because sometimes we like to like try somewhere new for vacation. They did, you know like walk into it a little bit, but I don't know, my dad was like, it's a lot of driving and I don't as she's gotten older, it seems he doesn't like bringing as much monopoly my sister, she does a lot of co piloting because she's like directions or whatever. None of us, the three of us we do not drive. We actually um I don't know it might just be something because we live near the local train station in our city so I don't know. Um But my sister has her permit, I had my permit before but it expired. My brother wants to get his unfortunately that I started doing um the permits you know because of the pandemic of course they you know put them um Like I'm trying to think what you do, you basically apply for it online of course and then you still get you know the I. D. S. You need I
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: think I have like my credit card statement. Uh My passport something else when you go to like the triple A. Or the R. M. V. And you pay for the ticket you know the exam uh Annual. So
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I think you get your picture taken and then they give you like some log in information with like a password and username so you can
SPEAKER_L: Well?
SPEAKER_R: take the test online now which
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's it's pretty you know it sounds pretty sweet. I think they should they should have started that years ago and I'm sort of sort of glad in one aspect that this happens to sort of you know give that kind of alleviation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah where we live probably the closest bus stop is post six miles away.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So it kinda
SPEAKER_L: like our buses don't run on
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: Sundays here because the city just doesn't have the that the people to to use it. I mean it's just we're just not I mean even the Harrisburg capital city, it's not that big when I did work in this city. I I wish I could have taken the bus but I would drive halfway to work to park somewhere to get the bus to take the other half to work. And it just it just wasn't feasible to do it because our our public transportation just because we're so spread out, it's just it's just not public transportation, I mean, Amtrak comes right through Harrisburg. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I mean if you want to take that to philadelphia in new york city or Pittsburgh um Amtrak's good for that, but as far as like local public transportation, it's not it's not you can't rely on it. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I mean some people will take um
SPEAKER_R: Okay
SPEAKER_L: the bus into the city for work because it's expensive to park in the city and then you're not using your own car and your gas um you have to pay the park then, so then there's some people, they have parking right places where you can park and then ride the bus in, but like I said, our buses don't run 24 hours a day. Um they don't run on sunday, some holidays that they don't run, so it's not it's not good. They've talked about trying to put some kind of a trolley in her. She but you literally can walk from east to west through the main part of her. She probably in 15 to 20 minutes. So to me it doesn't seem feasible to put any kind of trolley trolley would be nice if people are willing to use it that are staying at hotels and stuff right in downtown Hershey to maybe help with traffic because they would have them this year. But they've had a lot of really big concerts that can draw 15 to 18,000 people. So the city is just her she's just not equipped to handle that kind of volume. It takes hours after a concert to get people out and it's just it's just not good. But but yeah and then Hersheypark it's unfortunately they didn't open
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: till july 4th weekend this year. We normally they're open weekends in april and May and then Memorial Day through labor days you know seven days a week but they didn't open till july 4th weekend and they do a Halloween weekends and then right around thanksgiving they start their christmas um christmas and her shoe park as well so I guess all that's going on but I worked at Hersheypark as a kid in both my daughters but I said it's kind of a rite of passage A few grew up in this area to work for Hersheypark I mean it's just it's it's you know it's good employment for kids if you play a sport over the summary of practices usually the pretty flexible with the kids to continue with doing their sports in school and things like that so it's it's actually a pretty good place to work, doesn't pay great, it's minimum wage but it all fits, it's there for the kids who want to do it so.
SPEAKER_R: I thought about working in a theme, not that there's a ton that are close by around here, the one I think I had a few friends and so forth who worked at Canopy Lake Park which that's in Southern New Hampshire, so a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: lot of them, a lot of my friends at least they would only work there during summers. Um And probably you know 2 to 3 days a week just because the drive is kind of long. Uh And that was you know a big field trip for I think like fifth grade to fifth grade. Did we go in six? No we didn't go in sixth grade but yeah it's um Mhm What's a good theme park and I don't know it's what's a tough job, I mean it's service.
SPEAKER_L: dealing with the service workers are dealing with tourists and cranky tourists and um how
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: far are you like from Martha's vineyard? And is that north you?
SPEAKER_R: itself I'm I'm not like five
SPEAKER_L: Fuck.
SPEAKER_R: miles south of boston I think so that's further itself I think. Yeah that's probably like I don't know 30 40 maybe like 50 miles post. I've actually never I've never been to Martha's vineyard to my memory. I have been to some parts of the cave I've been to like how Diana's yar meth um What are the other?
SPEAKER_L: That's a paper card is there? Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I might have been two Mashpee. Okay uh what's the other one? Orleans? I don't know I it's hard to remember all the because it's several towns in the cave and I'm trying to remember which ones. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: to Cape Cod and Martha's vineyard and then we've gone
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: up to
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Maine and did a week up there two different summers with my daughters and did a is a KT is up there I think um the Katya state or national parks we've we've done now already and did some lobster fishing and ah it's beautiful up there.
SPEAKER_R: I noticed
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: we've been to several parts we went to like york beach Maine a couple which you know it's an okay trip it's kind of short anyway um we went to this place, you know, Kennebunk in kennebunkport, if you've heard of it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have.
SPEAKER_R: this particular era, they seem to me like I know main likes lobsters, but like they really take it up a notch just like and the blueberries to on all the menus, there's lobster this blueberry there. I mean fortunately I do like blueberries, but lobsters. Well first of all, my dad and sister, they actually used to really like lobsters so much that they became allergic after when they were teenagers. Uh And my mom and I were both like my brother, he's now he only liked probably like five different foods, five different like he'll eat like pancakes, plain pancakes though. Uh plain or chocolate chip. Um I'm trying to think peanut butter sandwiches, pizza, like french fries, potato skins. Uh But yeah, I don't know the locks shipping were we obviously aren't really like a lobster sort of family. Um
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: would rather I'd rather eat crab than lobster. But we went out on the boat and the guy that should bring the pots in and let my daughters pick out lots which lobster
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: they wanted
SPEAKER_R: person,
SPEAKER_L: to eat and they cooked them read on the boat for us and stuff so it was pretty cool, cool experience. I take crab of a lobster any day but
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: am.
SPEAKER_R: too much about crap, I mean
SPEAKER_L: Well what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: know I used to like crab cakes, but like I don't know if it's because of the crab or just because of like the herbs and seasoning and so forth, and I'm not sure if that's because I I've also had fish cakes, they kind of crab between crab cakes and fish cakes, they taste kind of the same to me, I just kind of like the I don't know the urbi doughy mess of it. I don't know if it's the actual like fish, it's um like doing anything I do like like clam chowder, of course.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Uh Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: kind of a thing here uh in New England, uh legal seafood, that's where you know, weeks to go there, there's a couple locations um There was one in
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Braintree where it's like um it's right next to my city, I'm in Quincy, but yeah, I don't know. My mom used to take us there, my sister and I when we were little for I forget like I think it might have been like after we did swimming lessons or something, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It's called legal Seafood, it's a restaurant like or places.
SPEAKER_R: it's sort of a low key chain around here, There's samel um But yeah, clam chowder isn't, you know, and then there's there's looks orbis chi I don't really I'm not really into that, but.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah. Yeah. Yeah Baltimore is about an hour and a half from the south of us and they're big for crab down, a
SPEAKER_R: Fresh.
SPEAKER_L: lot of crabbing down there and the Delaware Delaware you can crab um not like the big Alaskan king crabs but more the soft shell crabs I guess is what you can get in Maryland. And Delaware not far from us so. Well good luck with your job next. When do when do you start next monday? Yeah. I just downloaded an app on my phone. Um It's about contact tracing. I haven't even looked at it like I don't know how it works or um I don't know if that's related to the same type of thing you're going to be doing. But I did download it um Like I said I haven't looked at it, I haven't done anything
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: with it.
SPEAKER_R: have heard, I have heard some communities have done that. They do like a sort of it takes the Gps connection to
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: think it is called covert alert to, so it's just I guess it's just for pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. I didn't know. I I I had I think there was kind of talk about getting that in massachusetts, I don't think.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you gonna do? Yo if somebody is tested and their positive then it's like put in this bank type of thing and then you can track where these people are and stuff or
SPEAKER_R: it's no I don't think we're not really using GPS, we're using more like interviewing um just asking them where they've been, who they've been with and then asking those people and then, you know, sort of checking, verifying actually applied back in, I think like april or or april may or june, I don't really remember. Uh and they, you know, sort of had had hired folks from then and they said we're keeping your file active so they did and now for we're kind of getting a new surge at the moment faces,
SPEAKER_L: we were.
SPEAKER_R: oh, they said oh we're going to start hiring again and yeah, it was kind of a lengthy process, but I, you know, finally got uh got the word and.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you actually talked to people who have tested positive then and get some information? Is that is that the
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds like
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna
SPEAKER_R: haven't
SPEAKER_L: work?
SPEAKER_R: started yet of course. But that's what what we're intending to do. But I have heard I didn't know anywhere in the U. S. Started doing the gps tracking. I had heard that I think communities in like India maybe china to had like a GPS kind of app to um to you know like make connections as to who passed by who with the with the virus. But yeah. I don't know they started doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I thought there was some way that you would know if you were an area with somebody who had tested positive. Like I didn't read that closely up on it but I thought I had heard so I don't even know what this app is about it. It must have popped up on something. I thought I look
SPEAKER_R: Might
SPEAKER_L: at at night.
SPEAKER_R: have seen it on the news or.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't I don't know what, can't recall what made me download it aware. I probably saw an ad somewhere in federal. I'll just look at it. But I haven't I don't know anything about it what it's about or so. So well good luck to you. I think we have our 25 minutes in and I hope you do some more of these are we're not too bad
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: and think um I
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: was glad when they update from 4 to 6 actually was supposed to do it last night and the person didn't show up so then they re scheduled me for tonight. So um sometimes that happens I think they went to to wait five minutes and then so it's it's not too bad, it's a little intimidating I think the first time you do it but yeah but it's it's not everybody everybody has four people I've talked to have been very nice for the most part very easy to talk to. I think the one girl I talked to Shoes from san Francisco, we like got caught off because I think we went like too long or something. So that's why I'm looking at like 8 38. I think we were cut off after 40 minutes. So I don't know if they automatically cut you off or have a handle that, but well, good luck to you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: because I was talking with you, Sheila. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: talk to you too linda.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. We'll see you. Bye bye
SPEAKER_R: Take care.
SPEAKER_L: bye