Hello?
What
doing? Well,
I'm not really sure what to expect here. Have you
done this
jeez Yeah,
I'm
I
don't
know.
Hi linda. I'm Sheila.
I
no, it's fine. I just the same. I just kind of heard a prolific and so forth through read it and then, you know, I heard about this study. Uh so yeah, I'm doing it now and like uh priest follow up, I'm going to win
it.
Yeah, there's, there's a lot of other ones that are just like little circus. One was like a group thing where you had to do a game with other people,
but
Yeah.
Sorry.
me
What?
I
no, it's all right. I am in massachusetts. I'm uh boston area, just a little south of boston. Ah I don't know, what else can I mention? I'm kind
of, I guess I'm in between jobs or yes, I'm still young and you know, I was, I'm trying to think. I had been doing a little freelance
sort of writing. I didn't do a ton. It's very hard to, you know, find
sort of work. And that I had also done retail in fine jewelry. I done fundraising in a coal center. Yeah, I get tutoring were, you know, kids in boston. I'm trying to think of some of the other stuff. Yeah. So I am uh kind of excited. I'm getting a new job next week. I'm gonna have you heard about contact tracing?
yeah, I'm doing that with um there's a group, um, you know, a sort of non profit organization that the state is contracting here to do the covid 19 sort of contact tracing. And it's going to be good. It's going to be, you know, full time, it's remote and so forth. Uh We just, you know, I needed something.
It was for, I don't know, like what's going to happen in the, after this week or whatever for this week. I think the first day of training next week, actually, you know, this coming week, first day of training is self paced. So I guess that's pretty struck unstructured for just whatever you want. And then the, yeah, the rest of the four days for that week are like, I think one day is like 95 most is identified
except for one day is like 9 to 4 30 I think. But yeah, after that week, um, I don't know. We'll have to see what my schedule is. I think it's gonna be, you know, some what kind of like stable, that's what I've wanted for a while is a job with just normal, like, you know, daytime to evening hours. Because, you know, in retail, of course, I would get a lot of like you know occasions where I would work mm like you know 5 to 6 days a week and I would just get one random weekday off
most
of the time I did towards the later on I did mostly get you know like 49 at night. I did used to have, I used to have more day shifts but I don't know for some reason later on and get his money. Okay.
What's button? Yeah.
I
just
don't know.
Thank you.
Which,
yeah, I don't know my family. I'm still, I'm still with, you know my parents and so forth. We kind of wanted to go. But I don't know my mom and my dad too there are a little like nervous about travelling about you know trying to stay safe especially you know staying in a hotel or whatever. We
usually we usually just do like road trip, never at least us with you know big kids. My my sister, I'm 20 for my sister is 23 my brother is 19 and uh the three of us, we've never flown. I think my parents
they did do you know some travel some flight travel back before we were we were born. But since we've been around they haven't flown in by, I have in the past I applied to study abroad and so far I've got accepted two different I think they were both in Dublin in Ireland but I checked you know the bill and so forth. And I was like oh I can't afford this so I had to you know reject it.
that's
It was clear.
mm. It's, it was actually pretty warm up today. We took, we have a dog, we have Jack Russell. Uh she's can we took her to that. At least my mom and I went my sister, she usually does tend to go on our walks with us. She wasn't feeling it today. She was, you know, she had like a migraine. So yeah, that's uh mhm. That was good. You know,
he loves
stick
around.
It is, yeah, it's good for, you know, teething leave taping now. Uh
huh,
Yeah, that's good.
no, I've thought about actually in middle school, uh in middle school, The big trip for eighth graders used to be in Gettysburg.
Yeah, but the year that I was in eighth grade, they actually changed the trip we went to, there were a few ideas being tossed around, but we finally settled on new york city, which was fun. And they had done, I don't know, probably like three or four years prior to when I was in eighth grade. They had done that before. But yeah, I was kind of, you know, through 6th and 7th grade, I was kind of like looking forward to going to Gettysburg. We didn't end up going. But you know,
I
still raped new york. I thought, you know, I thought about like um mhm the Hershey Park. Of course I,
the
kids, they went there when I went to Gettysburg, I had a few friends who are, who are a year older than me or so that's where they went. Um Also, you know, like philadelphia seems fun. I don't know if they want philadelphia with celebrity, but it seems kind of, I don't know similar. Yeah, I got this, you know, they have of course the big like history angle that
boss have.
Yeah.
All
Well,
no,
I thought about it. Um I think, yeah, my parents actually, they took some brochures or whatever to see because sometimes we like to like try somewhere new for vacation. They did, you know like walk into it a little bit, but I don't know, my dad was like, it's a lot of driving and I don't as she's gotten older, it seems he doesn't like bringing as much monopoly my sister, she does a lot of co piloting because she's like directions or whatever. None of us, the three of us we do not drive. We actually um I don't know it might just be something because we live near the local train station in our city so I don't know. Um But my sister has her permit, I had my permit before but it expired. My brother wants to get his unfortunately that I started doing um the permits you know because of the pandemic of course they you know put them um Like I'm trying to think what you do, you basically apply for it online of course and then you still get you know the I. D. S. You need I
think I have like my credit card statement. Uh My passport something else when you go to like the triple A. Or the R. M. V. And you pay for the ticket you know the exam uh Annual. So
I think you get your picture taken and then they give you like some log in information with like a password and username so you can
take the test online now which
it's it's pretty you know it sounds pretty sweet. I think they should they should have started that years ago and I'm sort of sort of glad in one aspect that this happens to sort of you know give that kind of alleviation.
Yeah. Yeah. So it kinda
my,
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay
Well.
I thought about working in a theme, not that there's a ton that are close by around here, the one I think I had a few friends and so forth who worked at Canopy Lake Park which that's in Southern New Hampshire, so a
lot of them, a lot of my friends at least they would only work there during summers. Um And probably you know 2 to 3 days a week just because the drive is kind of long. Uh And that was you know a big field trip for I think like fifth grade to fifth grade. Did we go in six? No we didn't go in sixth grade but yeah it's um Mhm What's a good theme park and I don't know it's what's a tough job, I mean it's service.
Yeah.
itself I'm I'm not like five
miles south of boston I think so that's further itself I think. Yeah that's probably like I don't know 30 40 maybe like 50 miles post. I've actually never I've never been to Martha's vineyard to my memory. I have been to some parts of the cave I've been to like how Diana's yar meth um What are the other?
Yeah I think I might have been two Mashpee. Okay uh what's the other one? Orleans? I don't know I it's hard to remember all the because it's several towns in the cave and I'm trying to remember which ones. Mhm.
Thank
you.
I noticed
we've been to several parts we went to like york beach Maine a couple which you know it's an okay trip it's kind of short anyway um we went to this place, you know, Kennebunk in kennebunkport, if you've heard of it,
this particular era, they seem to me like I know main likes lobsters, but like they really take it up a notch just like and the blueberries to on all the menus, there's lobster this blueberry there. I mean fortunately I do like blueberries, but lobsters. Well first of all, my dad and sister, they actually used to really like lobsters so much that they became allergic after when they were teenagers. Uh And my mom and I were both like my brother, he's now he only liked probably like five different foods, five different like he'll eat like pancakes, plain pancakes though. Uh plain or chocolate chip. Um I'm trying to think peanut butter sandwiches, pizza, like french fries, potato skins. Uh But yeah, I don't know the locks shipping were we obviously aren't really like a lobster sort of family. Um
I mean,
This
person,
I don't
know
too much about crap, I mean
I
know I used to like crab cakes, but like I don't know if it's because of the crab or just because of like the herbs and seasoning and so forth, and I'm not sure if that's because I I've also had fish cakes, they kind of crab between crab cakes and fish cakes, they taste kind of the same to me, I just kind of like the I don't know the urbi doughy mess of it. I don't know if it's the actual like fish, it's um like doing anything I do like like clam chowder, of course.
that's
kind of a thing here uh in New England, uh legal seafood, that's where you know, weeks to go there, there's a couple locations um There was one in
Braintree where it's like um it's right next to my city, I'm in Quincy, but yeah, I don't know. My mom used to take us there, my sister and I when we were little for I forget like I think it might have been like after we did swimming lessons or something, you know?
it's sort of a low key chain around here, There's samel um But yeah, clam chowder isn't, you know, and then there's there's looks orbis chi I don't really I'm not really into that, but.
Fresh.
I
have heard, I have heard some communities have done that. They do like a sort of it takes the Gps connection to
sort
of.
Right. Right. I didn't know. I I I had I think there was kind of talk about getting that in massachusetts, I don't think.
it's no I don't think we're not really using GPS, we're using more like interviewing um just asking them where they've been, who they've been with and then asking those people and then, you know, sort of checking, verifying actually applied back in, I think like april or or april may or june, I don't really remember. Uh and they, you know, sort of had had hired folks from then and they said we're keeping your file active so they did and now for we're kind of getting a new surge at the moment faces,
oh, they said oh we're going to start hiring again and yeah, it was kind of a lengthy process, but I, you know, finally got uh got the word and.
Yes, that's uh
that sounds like
I
haven't
started yet of course. But that's what what we're intending to do. But I have heard I didn't know anywhere in the U. S. Started doing the gps tracking. I had heard that I think communities in like India maybe china to had like a GPS kind of app to um to you know like make connections as to who passed by who with the with the virus. But yeah. I don't know they started doing that.
Might
have seen it on the news or.
Just
true.
All
talk to you too linda.
Take care.