Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Oh yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. No. Oh yeah.
Hi
how are you?
Good.
I
actually have, this is my fifth one. I've done. Yeah
that
they had they had limited it to four and now they've increased it to six. So this is my fifth one. So well my name is linda. You don't
have to give
me
your name if you don't want to.
Okay. I'm
in. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Have
you done under other prolific studies that don't require like this face to face
My house
mark. Yeah I've been doing on for about a year. Um I
try to look at them every day and you know good as many done as I can each day and there's a couple other same type of things. Um Kind of surveys and stuff you can do. Um You don't get rich off of it but it's a little bit of money so yeah
it's good. But um yeah I had conversations with three women and a man before. Um Yeah just talk about general stuff. I'm in pennsylvania near Hershey. Well
I appreciate it yeah. Um
So uh so
yeah go ahead. I'm sorry.
I'm
Three.
What?
Yes I have yes I had all.
Can can you work the hours you want or do you have like set hours that you work then?
minute.
Yeah it's
hard,
I'm retired so I unfortunate that I didn't have a job loss or anything like that in the past year and then my husband retired in january as well so so we're retirees. We just got back last friday from a three week trip out west to like Yellowstone and um Mount Rushmore and some of the other parks out there. So we just got back last friday two Fridays ago from that. So
you know we kind of got a little antsy because he had just retired. We did spend
the month
of january
in florida but then after that we didn't have much time to do anything. So I finally
said to him and so let's just take a trip out west. So we were on the road for three little just 22 days. 33 weeks. Yeah. So it's nice to get away. It's nice to get a little while
so.
All
What?
Yeah. My daughter actually studied in Dublin for a semester and
yeah Maynooth was the one, I don't know what the name of the places you have looked at but she was in she was at Maynooth which is just outside the Dublin. And then my husband, I went, flew over and visited for 12 days and got to go around the country and spent some time with her. So. So yeah, she was really fortunate have the opportunity to go and do that. And she got to go to a lot of different countries because it's so inexpensive once you're in europe to travel to the other countries and now she so yeah, she really, she really enjoyed that. And she she's uh 24 she's still home. She just graduated in May and is studying to take her boards to be an occupational therapist. So she's she's going to stay home hopefully for years. She was a job lined up. So so she's just studying every day now to take her boards at the end of the month. So
it will be good for her. Have you always, you've always lived in massachusetts? Yeah. Yeah. I grew up about 10 miles from where my husband and I live now and he's maybe 30 miles from here, so we didn't go very far, you know, after we left home and stuff. So um is your weapon and chilly up there getting colder?
Your
weather years been
perfect.
We've had perfect weather here in the last last week or so. Yeah. High sixties, low seventies and the trees are certain to change and um
yeah,
it's been really nice. I I've spent five days at a pennsylvania state park with a friend, friend of mine rented it, I rented a cabin in a state park and it's right where the Appalachian trail crosses through, it's actually the halfway point, depending whether you go from north to south or south to north. So we got to see some hikers and um we took our bikes and kayaks and our daughters came and uh stayed with us a couple of days and we got the fish and hike and stuff, so it was really nice, really nice weekend so
so it was great. Have you ever been to pennsylvania?
Okay, we're about 30 miles from there.
My
hair.
Oh yeah, that's
big,
worry.
Yeah, yeah philadelphia is about an hour and 15 minute train ride and you can drive it in about an hour and a half from here, you can catch the train and it takes you right into downtown philadelphia. My daughters have done it a couple times. My one daughter has a college friend in philadelphia says she would we take the trained our of friday night and then bring it back on a sunday and there's a lot meaning there was a lot of good museums there and some theater and things like that. It's a, I worked there for a
little while and one of my jobs. But um yeah it's a it's a good city. I mean this is living in pennsylvania were close to new york, were close to the beach, close to philadelphia 3.5 hours from Pittsburgh close to D. C. So there's a lot of places you know you can do over the weekend from here. Our airport, it's not real
big, not like the boston airport Atlanta but um but you can fly to some places from here get to Nashville and the Disney area and um you know some other places so it just took a place to live. It really
is, it's not far from, you know we're Harrisburg which is our capital city is not very big. Um But it there's a lot offered around here
truly so you've never come to Hershey Park there. Yeah.
Well
what
Well?
Well
Yeah where we live probably the closest bus stop is post six miles away.
like our buses don't run on
Sundays here because the city just doesn't have the that the people to to use it. I mean it's just we're just not I mean even the Harrisburg capital city, it's not that big when I did work in this city. I I wish I could have taken the bus but I would drive halfway to work to park somewhere to get the bus to take the other half to work. And it just it just wasn't feasible to do it because our our public transportation just because we're so spread out, it's just it's just not public transportation, I mean, Amtrak comes right through Harrisburg. Um
So I mean if you want to take that to philadelphia in new york city or Pittsburgh um Amtrak's good for that, but as far as like local public transportation, it's not it's not you can't rely on it. Um
I mean some people will take um
the bus into the city for work because it's expensive to park in the city and then you're not using your own car and your gas um you have to pay the park then, so then there's some people, they have parking right places where you can park and then ride the bus in, but like I said, our buses don't run 24 hours a day. Um they don't run on sunday, some holidays that they don't run, so it's not it's not good. They've talked about trying to put some kind of a trolley in her. She but you literally can walk from east to west through the main part of her. She probably in 15 to 20 minutes. So to me it doesn't seem feasible to put any kind of trolley trolley would be nice if people are willing to use it that are staying at hotels and stuff right in downtown Hershey to maybe help with traffic because they would have them this year. But they've had a lot of really big concerts that can draw 15 to 18,000 people. So the city is just her she's just not equipped to handle that kind of volume. It takes hours after a concert to get people out and it's just it's just not good. But but yeah and then Hersheypark it's unfortunately they didn't open
till july 4th weekend this year. We normally they're open weekends in april and May and then Memorial Day through labor days you know seven days a week but they didn't open till july 4th weekend and they do a Halloween weekends and then right around thanksgiving they start their christmas um christmas and her shoe park as well so I guess all that's going on but I worked at Hersheypark as a kid in both my daughters but I said it's kind of a rite of passage A few grew up in this area to work for Hersheypark I mean it's just it's it's you know it's good employment for kids if you play a sport over the summary of practices usually the pretty flexible with the kids to continue with doing their sports in school and things like that so it's it's actually a pretty good place to work, doesn't pay great, it's minimum wage but it all fits, it's there for the kids who want to do it so.
huh.
dealing with the service workers are dealing with tourists and cranky tourists and um how
far are you like from Martha's vineyard? And is that north you?
Fuck.
That's a paper card is there? Right
to Cape Cod and Martha's vineyard and then we've gone
up to
Maine and did a week up there two different summers with my daughters and did a is a KT is up there I think um the Katya state or national parks we've we've done now already and did some lobster fishing and ah it's beautiful up there.
Why?
Yeah I have.
I
would rather I'd rather eat crab than lobster. But we went out on the boat and the guy that should bring the pots in and let my daughters pick out lots which lobster
they wanted
to eat and they cooked them read on the boat for us and stuff so it was pretty cool, cool experience. I take crab of a lobster any day but
I
am.
Well what
what?
Oh yeah. Uh Yeah that's
good.
What?
It's called legal Seafood, it's a restaurant like or places.
Well yeah. Yeah. Yeah Baltimore is about an hour and a half from the south of us and they're big for crab down, a
lot of crabbing down there and the Delaware Delaware you can crab um not like the big Alaskan king crabs but more the soft shell crabs I guess is what you can get in Maryland. And Delaware not far from us so. Well good luck with your job next. When do when do you start next monday? Yeah. I just downloaded an app on my phone. Um It's about contact tracing. I haven't even looked at it like I don't know how it works or um I don't know if that's related to the same type of thing you're going to be doing. But I did download it um Like I said I haven't looked at it, I haven't done anything
with it.
I'm trying
to
think it is called covert alert to, so it's just I guess it's just for pennsylvania.
So what are you gonna do? Yo if somebody is tested and their positive then it's like put in this bank type of thing and then you can track where these people are and stuff or
we were.
Yeah. So you actually talked to people who have tested positive then and get some information? Is that is that the
Yeah.
How
it's gonna
work?
Yeah. I thought there was some way that you would know if you were an area with somebody who had tested positive. Like I didn't read that closely up on it but I thought I had heard so I don't even know what this app is about it. It must have popped up on something. I thought I look
at at night.
Yeah. I don't I don't know what, can't recall what made me download it aware. I probably saw an ad somewhere in federal. I'll just look at it. But I haven't I don't know anything about it what it's about or so. So well good luck to you. I think we have our 25 minutes in and I hope you do some more of these are we're not too bad
and think um I
was glad when they update from 4 to 6 actually was supposed to do it last night and the person didn't show up so then they re scheduled me for tonight. So um sometimes that happens I think they went to to wait five minutes and then so it's it's not too bad, it's a little intimidating I think the first time you do it but yeah but it's it's not everybody everybody has four people I've talked to have been very nice for the most part very easy to talk to. I think the one girl I talked to Shoes from san Francisco, we like got caught off because I think we went like too long or something. So that's why I'm looking at like 8 38. I think we were cut off after 40 minutes. So I don't know if they automatically cut you off or have a handle that, but well, good luck to you
because I was talking with you, Sheila. Uh huh.
Okay. We'll see you. Bye bye
bye