All right. All right. Uh huh, mm. Mhm, mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. This is great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was crying. That's true. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Perfect. What? Okay. Mhm. Mhm, enjoy No, mm hmm. Oh. Uh No, I'm sure. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Right. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. All right. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to. Mhm. That would, mm hmm. And there was no way. Hi. Yeah. Hello.
And Mhm. Yeah. Nice to meet you to be my chart pattern. Er Yeah. Yeah.
I can hear you very clearly.
Yeah. That's a no,
no. And yeah. Sound issue. Yeah. I can you hear your voice.
think that we should go probably at 8:30 PM.
Okay. Uh we we just talked any anything
thank you, your life, how's it going for you?
Mhm.
Yeah, I'm in florida florida.
Where are you? Uh
Oh north Carolina, not not
too far away. Yeah,
you
how is the weather in north Caroline?
we
have,
you
now
in
the
hurricane season we need some,
I think some,
you know, we'll go to north
to here
now
like uh
is a little bit of stormy, it's ringing. No, you know what
mhm, mhm.
Yeah,
No,
I'm not
doing
that thing, I'm only, you know uh
probably yeah,
it's uh
I think I didn't do a lot, just feel
you really
dream, you know uh I'm not staying by the computer all the day so yeah just uh well my job is just click you've been not nothing just close, that's what I you really do or you were kind of home or you you know
lot.
you mainly do the online
work or.
Yeah that's
that's
what you really people do. You know we use a lot of computer internet stay a lot so we look for the U. S. So I think it
is true for everybody. Me too I just uh you know and we can and I have nothing to do just browsing. I feel really borrowed. You know if I don't have anything uh
you
know especially
when you're using the internet you make
a little bit manny is really nice. So that's why I go to prolific. They still the only thing I have. Yeah,
no. Oh actually I uh because I heard about it write it, but yeah, I did a lot better not get accepted into the program, so.
for the um the uh work is uh you you really have a lot of thing to do, you can do as many as possible, right?
It's just
the
I
only do two things. When is this prolific and the other I just do some, you know, sometimes when I have time the survey and junkie survey
junkie
Norwegian clear
I think if, you know you can, but it's sometimes it's okay, but it's caused a lot of, you know. Yeah.
sorry, junkie. Yeah, it's a good good website uh is really true. That's a lot of survey. But Mosul time uh and it's beginning you've got more and more better over time, you get the less less, you know, got disqualified. You know? They just closed you. Yeah. Sometimes really
to keep very long, you know, about 20 minutes each. You uh
30 cents, 40 cents, that's not our west, you know? But when you really afraid no, nothing to do, you can try, you know? Yeah, that's uh that's basically you know these two sides
when I really
afraid uh I try I didn't try the other work because yeah, I have work to do so just great time. Uh
probably yes, I'm been here about 15 years already. Yeah, I think it's a good place. The weather is is okay.
It's nice though. I
I I didn't feel too too hard to heal me. I
like it
actually. Yeah. Yeah. But still, you know, I before I came here florida I was in new york are Bernie. Yeah. So I still, you know miss the winter out there, you know you can do a lot of snow activity. You know, you
can go to uh gaining something that's my favorite uh bars you know, I can do uh Yeah. Mhm.
We
Between
between new york city and the buffalo, you know?
It's the
capital. The new Yeah, that's the state government there, you know. Uh
Isaac is it's nasty. It's really
big, you know,
therapeutic uh It's really different failure when I first get into the new york city, you know that high buildings you know there you know you really cover the sky, you know, you you couldn't see the sun so you know.
You have a family are your
Well
No.
Too much. Yeah.
Okay. You know sometimes they come down Rory it's really nice place
you
know?
Yeah. Time for Tampa is a lot of water, a lot of raining you know. Yeah.
drink you know for you if you're not working, you're not on internet, you're not problem. Uh What else you do you really?
It's
that's nice. Uh You know how how many years I was I
was in school.
Uh You see let me come from the primary school five years Promise I was originally in china. You know I got uh five years uh Primary school, the middle school, three years, high school, three years, that's the 11 years I go to college, four years. Uh That's 15 years and then I go to I went to graduate school in china uh Three years. Okay.
I got a chance to uh
study in United States over in new york. Yeah So I stayed there eight years
you know? Yeah
for PhD study. Yeah
I'm the chemistry. Yeah
I think
I think if you go down a mess you really need to go to the your your interesting chemistry chemical engineer is a really good good you know
I
think in down future here uh I think uh United States need a lot of engineering. Yeah. Engineer.
It's really take quite some mess for the chemical engineering I I think I mean in Sudan a university is really a good one.
yeah if any possible you should really am anti it, you know get into the program, you
know.
basically at this this time it's really good time to prepare, you know for anything for the future, you know to uh don't you know, let this uh special period, you know, get passed by by do nothing. I think you don't think I need too much time on the, so the online works in, you know, you need to focus more on study.
Uh get into,
you know, graduated program, you you've got a few years you come out with a really good pay job. Okay. I I think uh here I need a lawyer to engineer, engineer, you know, right?
You know the trend, right? The policy is bring brain work back home, you know? Yeah,
I need
a lot actual, you know, doing industry drop.
No,
I got
master.
PhD
and
restart our yeah. You know, usually here you got the four year college, you can go to the PhD program directly, you know, so you you don't you don't need a master degree to go to get the PhD program. Yeah.
You
know,
yeah. Even you
and the grad school you you do some side side work to support you financially, you know, but really, really focus on more
important things in the future.
Even
I think if you go and I think that I did, you know the story junkie, you know, particular
loss is really, I don't think online work, you know, uh well get you, you know that the end me meet every
month.
No, no. Even you try hard even you you you don't sleep. No, no way, no. Yeah, no way. You know the trends, they want the outsourcing the same thing because the micro work.
No, No I mean this type of work is called micro worker. Yeah. Yeah. You know what's that mean? Right.
Yeah.
You some opinion where we're so we're jobs you know. Yeah.
You know
you if you go to the science program you know I'm suggesting you do the engineering program if you want to go to go to school that program looking for that you know for the real related to interest rate. You know the things he was here you know?
Yeah. Uh It take a lot of work. Uh You need to really prepare your you know I'm not How do you need the GRD
something like that? Probably right.
Gr graduate you know. Uh
That's
the donations. I don't think right now. That's the that's the you know 20
years ago. Thin. Uh huh.
er uh Some.
Mhm.
record
examination. Mhm. Yeah that's the for the graduate school you know uh for the law school you need to take the T. Mat. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I in china back in china, you know.
something
I can, you know, suggest you really not for focus, you're your full time, you know on the online uh this type of micro work, be a micro working, you know? You know what I mean? Right. The because they can anybody else can do it. Yeah.
that's
why
you know it's the so cheap so cheap so
get
no
no no I don't know each program you don't you need to look at the program program. They have requirements specific requirement. Youtube University have their own, you know, specific requirement.
Yeah. 1 1 good thing in the you know uh graduated program. Usually you got uh assistantship, most of them, I think
sister ship.
Yeah, they pay or situations they pay your living expenses, you know? Yeah,
it's
far, it's really, yeah, I think there's
no,
you think, uh um no age, no age limitation, you know, you can go and wow
when you've got uh that's the only hope, get a professional uh
job position, you know? Yeah.
hmm. If you really like that a lot, a lot, you can apply, even computer science, you can, if you like physics, you have no problem understanding
computer,
the
color
dan.
I think if
you
can go, you know,
like
you say, the, the Minnesota universe. Really? A good one.
Really? A Good one. College? Yeah,
That's
the
twin city, right? In 20, yeah,
that's okay. You know
what I mean? Yes.
With the
college.
Uh north Carolina. You know they have they have
the
I think north
of south side I'll lay high at some. Yeah.
North
what
do,
yeah. Yeah. You wouldn't see U. N. C. Yeah.
That's
that's an excellent man, you know,
But
what?
No,
no, no, no not at all. Is the rarest suppose.
You know the
herb
province.
The city is you know AIP on a very small town, small handshake and uh it's very close to the capitals of baking. Yeah.
There's a lot of
population
in china. You know you really is really really dance the city, you know, big city you earlier. Lot of lot of people, you know. Mhm. Uh
Yeah. It's really a time for you to consider what what
you plan to do in the future. Is that? Yeah. I
you
know, think seriously okay. Don't not prepare this. The allies small thing. Uh
as a major uh for to consume you to use your time.
Yeah. I hopefully. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. We are. I think we are okay. We definitely get eight Age five and right
we
got our 25 minutes. Yeah. I it's really a nice talking with you.
I really wish you good
luck. Uh Everything.
Good luck. Okay.
Yeah. So yeah. Good luck. Yeah. Yeah. Thank