Hey, I'm sorry, I I'm having internet problems so we'll see what happens. I don't know if this is going to work.
let's see what we have.
You can Okay.
What?
Yeah. What is, this is 25 minutes? Is that what we have to do? Mhm.
Yeah. Okay, let me see you and then mine doesn't say anything about a topic as yours. No, I didn't get any other instructions.
Who?
that's not bad. And uh yeah,
yeah. What were you saying
yourself?
North Carolina?
Gosh.
right now by the mountains, usually I'm over in charlotte,
we're in florida like how? Oh.
up here in the mountain areas. It's really nice and charlotte is hot but it's not like florida hot. It's just I'm not I'm from Minnesota originally saw that used to the heat down here. Yeah, but for me it's hard, I mean, and humid. Yeah,
we're
kind
of show, you
know
with
the
No.
but
I want, yeah, it's just, it's just raining a lot the last week, but
no. Hi,
worse.
Yeah,
was trying different. I I put this on my computer on my bed, but usually I use my phone somewhere else. But I just can't, I can't get the internet to work. No, I think it's just because of the storms. It's been like this all day. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Do you do you do a lot of prolific? Do you ever use a lot of prolific stuff or or any of the other sites like amazon?
No,
I don't have
to.
yeah. Your partner.
How
long?
You
know? Uh huh.
Yeah. Right now. Yeah, I
do this and amazon and that I have something else. Another job too. But that uh they tried to open it up but it didn't work out, it lasted two days.
Well
now for now. Well no, I mean I have the other my other job but they it's all remote now but I'm on vacation until september
september
8th.
What?
I want you to
listen.
I
Finally.
You never did the amazon mechanical
that's weird what you just do it again I guess. But you have to do it a lot longer than prolific to get good stuff prolific is easier. But there's still fun amazon that's really easy once you've been doing it for a while and it's
On
amazon. Yeah, there's tons. But most of it I don't isn't
really worth it. But if you keep it if you use browser extensions and uh scanner like a scanner extension then you can get good stuff. I put one on my phone and if I see something maybe I'll do it for half hour, an hour or something, then it's worth it. But it took me a while to really understand
what to do.
Mhm. What is it? Oh,
survey junkie. Uh
There's another one called Testable Minds,
sir. Is that's the one where it texts you like a survey to do is survey drunk. You're the one that it text you a survey or tells you on your phone. It's surveymonkey, I. Surveymonkey, is that 1? Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
problem.
Mhm.
Yeah. Do you like florida? You've been there your whole life or? Mm,
You
like it?
Thank
you.
You know what?
Albany is that's way north in New york city a few
hours north, so
that's,
that's, they have colder winters
and
I've never been to New york city. I want to go really badly actually. Did you do you like it?
It's
just expensive.
I like Chicago, but Chicago is, you can actually get out of the downtown there, but that's the only, that's the biggest downtown. Toronto is cool too. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Um my family, they were in Wisconsin as someone Wisconsin in Minnesota and then my mom who had cancer, She moved here to the north Carolina.
So I came here, which I'm happy I did. That just the weather alone makes it worth
it to me. I don't like the long winters in Minnesota. It's too much for me.
Just get sick of it.
I've been to
Tampa
Tampa and Orlando. So hot. It's so hot. All right.
Mhm. I don't know what to think of it. It's been a long time since I've been there and there's so many, so populated anyway, florida is, yeah.
Um, I played tennis whenever I can, although I haven't been here to lately. That's one of my favorite things to do. Um and I'm sure I want to go back to school actually, so I just cleared all my deaths for that and I can apply.
But I um, I go next fall next year.
How
many, like in college Do you do? 12 years and
that's what I wanna do, you know?
Yeah.
For
for a work study or like a
cool.
that's awesome. I was, I was going to Minnesota for undergrad and that was chemistry. Chemical engineering was really big, my chemistry teachers were excellent actually that was just some of the best teachers I had there. I just wanted to take physics and mostly math but the cabin teachers really got me. I don't know, they're just good
ones.
Yeah that was
the big thing there.
I want to just do math and then I don't know what kind of a job I'm gonna get. Just some.
they for chemistry Chemical engineering and then I wish I could go back but it's it's too much work for me to go back now there.
now
since I'm here I was looking at the UNC Chapel Hill and that's a good school. But they You know they just got in trouble for a starting school and like 1000 people caught Covid. Can you hear me still? And then they don't know. I mean it's it's a good school academically. It's just they're getting themselves in trouble all the time. I don't.
I agree.
Mr
I see.
Are
you?
me? So when you you were you got your grad degree in china and then they did a work
study
or
I mean yeah. Yeah master. And then you came over to the PhD program
in
Albany.
Helena get back. I just need to save some money to pay my rent for next. I want
to pay my
rent and full what
good?
that's what you think
I just don't
the.
thank you.
No
it's just gonna be the same thing. Uh It won't it won't increase in terms of
Oh that wanna click workers? They I've seen those.
Yeah.
And there
Right. Yeah I noticed that when I go there Chapel Hill is really overpriced. It's so expensive. And the rally the area Raleigh Durham where the university
is.
But I know I've been told that actually. Many. Yeah
Good
would you say?
Oh I haven't yeah I don't what does that? I've heard of it I can't remember what it is. It's
the mathematics.
Never.
But do they still, Yeah.
Uh huh.
I can't remember I had thought about it and I haven't thought about it in quite some time. Yeah I have to I have to work and do it again. Thank
you.
Oh yeah. Okay.
Have you taken the g area here?
Very good. They overhauled in 2011? Yeah
it's just right
Oh it'll get cheaper and you know they don't
provide
any.
So
this do you have to take the G. R. E. Now? Well
some of them.
take it and see if I do well enough that I can use it and if I don't have to take it again I guess. Yeah this is some other thing else. Pay for
you. Get what assistance?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Mhm. This isn't
your single,
thank
you. Mhm.
What?
Mhm.
I like to do some research for a while. I'm going to really want to work under a physicist. Someone in quantum theory.
computers.
Oh it's harder for me though. I didn't
they
didn't
teach us they didn't teach us any of it in high school or I had I learned it in college. Some java and C. Plus you know I do all my UNIX I use Lennox and everything but I'm not everybody else. They learn it when they're young from other countries and all the kids nowadays. They're learning in high school. It sucks. Is difficult. This is like learning a natural language. But yeah it's very it's essential you've been using have used mathematica the computer program. Mathematica.
I don't
know
from
my house.
I know.
I miss it. Yeah it's
so
good.
it's really great. It's just the winners are horrible. They really
no
I did it through
so
many years. Yeah. If I had to
thank
you.
Chapel Hill.
What? Yeah. This
Duke Duke
and
UNC
that's the one Duke
is private.
I know that's why I want to go. It's just I just get kind of annoyed because they are
very big on sports
and they they made the kids go back uh just last week and then everybody they just they give themselves bad publicity over stupid things. I'm gonna go out there anyway but I wish that they would get rid of their dean. Am I freezing here? A lot of my
skip cell? Okay.
Whatever. Where in china were you born? If you don't mind liquid city where you buy?
I
don't understand.
What's the city? What's alert?
Is it? Yeah. All the cities that are so cool looking everything is it's based out like the US though. I mean it's huge. No it can't be it's got to be way more dense though because
67
times.
Mm.
You
know, I
agree.
Yeah.
I completely I agree.
Looks like we're good. But uh
I'm not
opening.
Yeah. You too.
Thanks
you, too. Thank you. You
too. Usually
yeah.