Right. Yeah. Really? Really? Okay. What? Right. Right. Mhm. But creek. Um
I
will. How are you?
My name's Shell,
20
years steve um
Where are you at geographically?
I'm in Birmingham Alabama. I'm
it's the same here, it's very cloudy. Um We've had a lot of rain this week and uh it's pretty hazy and overcast. So are you a Jersey native? Well,
very cool, very cool. Um My oldest has a plan, I don't think, I guess it's the closest thing New Jersey. I know I've never been to Jersey, but my oldest has a friend who lives and Staten Island and where he is in Staten Island. If he goes to the end of the block, he's in Jersey. Um And he's mentioned it a Brazilian times, I should remember. Which part is that Maryland he's in but I'm I'm middle aged and this is what
happens when you become
a mother. Uh huh.
Uh huh. So um uh Oh goodness. How has Covid been in Jersey? I mean you guys are, how close are you to the city? How close are you to new york city?
Well
we're good.
yeah, yeah. Um My in laws, my sister in law, my brother in law live in florida. They was in sex in florida, which is in the panhandle. It's a huge, huge tourist vaccination and my husband wants to go, he's like, let's go and I'm going no, just, just the cross contamination freaks me out. Um
No, for us it would be a 4-hour drive and that means okay, we're going to have to stop for guests once. Um I'm gonna have
to go to the rec stop at least once. Um and you know you've got people traveling from, you know, Kentucky and Georgia Illinois and just across to them it would just freak me out. I'm registered at home.
Well, so
when when your office is open do you usually have a long commute?
Good for will? Yeah you're
yes my my son had we start to take the Staten island theory because his offices in somewhere in Manhattan I don't even know what he does. Um But he's got I want to say it's like a 40 many 40 minute trip on the ferry. Then he's got to do I don't know the subway. It takes him about an hour each way.
So what does your wife do on her commute? Does she read, does she watch videos? Does she try to take a nap?
there
You want,
what to me about crucial thing is crushing cannot be duplicated by a machine. Like they're meeting machines and you know killing machines but just that one. And the yard you can't nobody duplicated that with a Juliet.
Very cool. Very
very cool. So what do you do for fun.
What?
Okay. So I don't know that I've ever had persimmons. What do you do
when they're right,
Um
this here usually. Oh my God, I want to say something about five years for about five years. I know my light is really bad. I'm sorry. We're going to try
to get my life better. It's not
better.
about the past. Uh I want to say five years in the summer. I grow a host garden for butterflies as I usually. Well, I do my best to try to host um monarch um and uh swallowtails last
year, last summer and I've got a friend of mine, you know, we have competing butterfly garden last year. Neither has had any monarch, No monarch, no swallowtail. Yeah, it was it was it was kind of upsetting because, you know, I grump a bumper crop
of
milk. We and
yeah, that's the thing with monarch. See the caterpillars only eat one plant. They only eat milkweed. Um now they're just varieties of milkweed. Um
but that's all the caterpillars. E and I had a bumper crop of milkweed, No caterpillars, None. Not at all. Yeah,
it was, it was really disheartening, especially when, you know, I hear the news it up,
you
know,
you know, these are having a hard time and all of the pollinators are having a hard time. You know, all of the butter and bird said that kind of freaking out.
year
because covid kit right around March when I should have been planting, I got, I got kind of in a funk and um you know, I was ordered to work from home. I'm an educator, uh order to work from home. It's like a great many vacations. I'm not gonna do anything. I'm not gonna do anything. No, you cannot think about your gray. Oh, you got up. It's a very respectable break of but I didn't, I didn't, I was just lazy and I didn't get my seeds in in time. So my milkweed is kind of miss putting kind of
what
kind of poultry? Um I do have genius which are great. Uh, but acquire tractors and one was it last year? Now it was here before left. I noticed that trump was when my business apart. You know, I come home and the pedals would be all over the ground. Like
one x one the pedals have been picked out. I'm like, what? You know, it's not an insect. I know it's not an insect, but what is going on? Well, put me a while to figure out that they were gold finches. Little type bird size was a tear up. And the goldfinch. The beautiful birds of bright yellow with black wings and they said on top of a flower And they pull off the pedal one at a time because attached to the end of the pedal is the seed. And I was coming uncle, what is going on? It looks like a little crime scene. It really did. Somebody was system following my flowers. Um, but I figured out that uh,
that it was
a goal search. And so this year at that lock present genius. Um lots of parsley, um Black swallowtail butterflies like parsley. I'm waiting for you to show up. I got parsley. Um, My milkweed is kind of mess. Um What also what I did this here. Um, I've never done it before. I had some solid, but I got no with started to sprout uh a
document of the lower part. Well now you know
the growing, you know that that big green cops on them. But I don't know what to do with them because with a shallot, you don't use the green part, You use the ballpark. And I don't know if the green part is reflective of how mature the ball babe. So I don't know if my heart is sick. If I cut it back. If I leave it alone, I don't know what could do are,
I don't know. So I, oh man, maybe maybe I'll call my county extension of. We're just something I've never done before. Um, but yeah, did with men, have you, uh, you're drinking man. You could make
mint George
rock
on.
Welcome walk on. So tell me what, you know like the Philly cheese comes from doing and Chicago got depressed the word. I like the three signature dishes that come from New Jersey because I don't I don't know if I know of it,
you're gonna have to
explain.
I've heard of a pork roll.
No.
Ooh.
how will you call it?
Taylor ham and egg sandwich. Why isn't that more popular till Fabulous.
Right. I've never heard of it. And I'm a size 14. I like to eat a sandwich and um
yeah it helps me a spastic. Well here is Birmingham. I'm not a Birmingham native. I grew up in ST louis But I've lived here for God 30 years now and everything was good and barbecue, it's in the middle of the south. Um Also what else is big in Birmingham sweet pig of Yeah, see that's already got the sugar in it and it was so funny. My this is before my husband and I got married. We were going to Chicago. We're going to a conference in
Chicago. And he
we stopped for lunch and he asked the waitress with sweet pea. Well actually he asked me because I wonder if we had 60. I went, no baby. They don't they don't have sweet tea. Um but
you know, I'm quite, I'm not even a wife yet. We weren't even married yet and I'm just getting stupider
every day settle, you know where they had. And he asked to wait for me peace way, just what because we do.
And she goes what sweet tea? And he goes, it's team with the sugar in it. And she looked at him like he had was struck a fire and she goes
sugar
on the table. And I tried I tried to stop them. I tried to do the no stop still. But he wasn't
listening,
he wasn't listening to me. Um Barbecues back here. Uh Sweetie is big here. Um
God, what else I want to say? Those are the two biggest
ones. Barbecuing Police Day.
make your tea. You know, let's brew the tea hot. And while a lot you dissolve sugar in the tea. Um But it's
got to
be actually strong, super strong. A black tea or an orange pekoe to something like this, like a lifting or tattling but double the bag, we want it super super strong.
And
while it was hot we dissolved the sugar in it. Um And then you can become
to concentrate at least to concentrate with water and put it in the fridge
now here. Um
in locally Burningham, there's a little local hamburger joint called Milos. And they're pretty, I want to say this just centrally Alabama. Um Birmingham tuscaloosa Montgomery harmful may be harmful of certain close to lourdes Alabama. But my lung is famous for their sweet tea and you can fight by the jug if you go to the
it
might
get
for that. But
breath of big red letters if it is a success. Um So yeah, in the fridge is uh actually I'm going to tell the truth. There's a half gallon of milk. God Karen of my. Uh huh. Yeah.
Quickly quickly figure this out.
Yeah. Yeah. That's that's why we are the cradle of obesity. Mhm.
I call it
excellent. Excellent. Sounds great. So earlier you mentioned hope open. I know that uh they
cannot
transform.
How how close are you to hope open?
I
Are there any other multiple Jersey native that I might have heard of Like you need a melt in Jersey? So it hasn't
been on MTV.
Very
saw this. It was I was in high school. Oh God. Which was 40 years ago. Um I saw Bruce Springsteen on the darkness on the edge of town tour. Yeah, he was filled with the E street band. That was great. That was great. I didn't even think about Bruce Springsteen. Very cool. Um Well, God, it seems like all of the hot top singers from any era. All from Jersey, what we are. Um There were mails really? The ramones from.
good. Clean young people think of that. I try to rely on my poorest
memory.
Okay. Why not? Well, of course. To the Ebony pack. Your cat?
Well. Part.
Well, that's a good thing because it kind of makes it really easy on housecleaning.
Um Yes I do. Um We have 2.5 cat and 2.5 cats because my daughter goes to school in Savannah and when she comes home she brings her cat with her. Uh
right now we've got one indoor cat. He's sleeping somewhere. He has made shedding a vocation, all constructors shed. And we've got an outdoor cat um
whose dress she's so sweet but the middle Kathy indoor and everybody stayed neutered. Mind you and they've been living like this, it's like living with diva pop star, they can't wear with each other. So I got to like open the door and let you win and you're in the back. I got to open the door and let you out. So you don't have. Yeah, it's crazy, but I kind of love it there. That's good companion.
God yes they do. Uh was a while ago. The indoor cat, he's not supposed to get outside but he gets outside all the time. We don't even fight it anymore. He gets outside, he eats grass and he starts
throwing up on the porch, it kind
of gets stuck. So it's kind of like you know you can't really read but he's kind of losing a football so it's like it's like
a good evacuation. And I said to him jokingly, I bet you'd feel better if you flew up inside. Uh huh. I'm going through the house went the whole it is on the stairs that I queen to complete
basketball. I don't know if you've ever seen a third of all, have you ever seen a pro bowl? Okay. Well you know they're not attractive. Um and
I swear just in the standard and it was and nobody said that me,
I got to clean and you know, so often, especially when we have the two cats inside.
I don't know how several times a week out here, mom, it wouldn't even be mom. It would be. Yeah, I grew up. Okay. All right. I get it. That's like you to go clean it up. Okay. What does cats throw up? Okay. You discovered it,
but you love me to clean up.
Yeah. That's that's my world. Do you have any kids in your life? And is the only kids?
Okay. Good for
you. This is
and
It's rough. Um I had a friend, she passed away some years ago. Um, but she was, she never had kids and she goes, God, you know, I feel so complete as a mother. I'm like, are you kidding? I envy your freedom. You know, whenever you want to, you know, she's going to florida for the weekend or you know, she bought tickets to the Rose Bowl game when I want to say Alabama was in the Rose Bowl. So she went to the Rose Bowl game and whenever she wanted to, she still so a couple of things in the bag and she was off. Yeah,
so and baby cannot get you.
No.
only if you want to. Only 12 we were married five years before we started our family. Now, the first three years we were in graduate school and uh,
you know, it's like academic boot camp. Um, and then, you know, it was two years of where we were. Um,
and then we started our family and uh, man, I loved them. No, I did I by birth, it's, it's become like, it's a lifetime commitment. My oldest, 20, for my youngest just turned 22. And if my
ma,
what I thought engage you the tools to do that by yourself. I say, okay, fine. You're just the fun that I failed as a parent. Okay. I get it. You know what I mean by myself? I'm a 3.5 of this on your father. This is your father's fault.
No,
my, my youngest goes to school in Savannah. Um,
my oldest was in the hospitality industry until Covid shut everything down. Um, He had just gotten his dream job
as a cook and he
wants to do everything except for a culinary school. But again, I'm the mom. What do I know? I'm getting a
great guy
where he had just gotten
his dream job. He had just gotten hired at, um, hired hotel full time benefit vacation, everything. And okay hotel shuts down um before he was laid off The hotel, I want to show you is that over 300 rooms? And they had nine, I want to take nine gaps in the hotel. Yeah.
Yeah it was it was bad and not only that excuse me um
They you know this this hit right before graduation season and now we're missing wedding season and like they miss, they dodged a bullet on Valentine's Day Doctors Alison,
but Valentine's Day Mother's Day are like the two biggest restaurant revenue day in a calendar year. Um Their hotel with that hotel was close to uh a very good um baseball field that hosted the self each the conference baseball tournament. All of the teams would stay at that hotel, they lost all of that revenue and yeah yeah they were even before they laid everybody off and shut the hotel down they were bleeding money. Um So he's at home. Um
Come again
It sounds good in theory. Um So last you know
what I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna lie this past sunday. Uh He did a huge um low country boil and we had a crab, shrimp, corn, sausage, potatoes and
he ate like kings. Um My father in law came over and we did we ate like a king. Yeah.
Where is that the last thing he made? Don't let me lie. Well I think he made was august 2019. He made creme brulee let
come to bed.
No no no no no no good mothers day. What do we do? Mother's Day mother's say oh it's funny we ordered from the restaurant he used to work at um big big restaurant, real popular restaurant called the Fish market. Um There's a huge greek population in Birmingham and um a lot of them, so I swear they're all cousins, they all they all run restaurants. Well one guy has done really welcome for himself. He's done um uh chain called a fish market. And the food is fabulous. Well we hadn't eaten at the fish market in a couple of years because my oldest left. Uh it wasn't on a bad note and he wasn't asked to leave, but we just
haven't
been back since. Um But I want you know, wait a minute. Which really needs to three years, let's start at the fish market and nobody cooked anything that day. Um
It
was great. It was great. But we ordered we uh found in our order my husband went to pick it up and uh that
was great. I haven't signed in
Think March my.
but
so when you order out, what are your two favorite um courses? Certainly let's order out from.
You're talking my pot so sounds really really good. Um
I don't think we've ordered anything. We have not ordered anything for delivery. Um
uh and it's a 20 minute because we picked the meeting up. But look okay
that's all right,
connect sooner. Who's cooking dinner? You're
you're on your high.
Oh my goodness.
It sounds fantastic. I'm so glad you said toaster oven. Um I can't work about my post 11.
Just quick in and out really quick. Well,
my
old land took some beef out of the freezer. It's his turn to cook. I'm not sure
what you're going to
deal
with it, but it's going to be easy.
No, no we
we we I think we're pretty good about taking turns. Um uh when
did I, it was cooking, it was cooking. Um, we sunday Father State dinner was so decadent. I finally went, I got to do the right thing. So we have crab leftovers from monday. Um, I can't remember what we Tuesday. I ended up making a big salad, like a huge chopped salad with chicken and it was so good and so long overdue that we had Salad for two nights. Friday night is our movie night and that's when we eat all the wrong things. Um, and it'll be like, you know, particular choke dip and broken egg roll and you know, it's all frozen, you know, frozen egg rolls, you know, a couple of buffalo wings in a picture of margaritas.
Um, well you know what? I'm an old school girl, I like hitting that networks and the mail, you know that red envelopes with good news and last night I got to pay more attention to my netflix queue. This was something that I bubbled up to the top and it was valerian. It was a teen sci fi, what valerian and the planet of 1000 temples or something like that. It was kind of there. Um it has Clive Owen who I love. Um I don't know who the kids were. A young guy, young girl, usually the super aged Hilarion
and his girlfriend's side pick his name, I can't remember. Um but Herbie Hancock, I don't know if you're familiar with Herbie Hancock jazz pianist,
he had a cameo in it and I can't figure out why. Um Herbie Hancock is a jazz pianist that's what he does, you know, it was perfectly accessible, but I don't know, you know, I don't know if he was the co producer and this or what, but it was it was okay. So we
watched we watched the movie and drink margaritas and it was really missed. Um And we do we watch a movie every friday whether we watch it well oh oh won't you be my neighbor, the mr Rogers documentary?
I cried I cried the whole
thing. It wasn't five minutes into the movie
and I started crying. It was lovely and sweet and nostalgic and um just lovely and charming and warm and fuzzy and all is right with the world and
just delightful. Just absolutely delightful and that was last friday and usually because their drinks involved I cannot remember what we watched before that.
Stevie. Have we have we
have we met
whatever
which was great. This was absolutely delightful. Um It
really was
absolutely
delightful.
I love.
same to you seem to you enjoy your wife um enjoy bitter, enjoy your garden. Um
Peace, love and prosperity.
Bye bye.