how are
you?
Good, good.
I'm steve nice to meet
you
here.
Now I'm in Jersey, how about you?
so the weather appears pretty pretty cloudy and not so nice today, it's supposed to rain but has it really yet,
Hey, I grew up here
they
wouldn't
it wouldn't help me anyway, I don't know much about Staten Island. Mhm.
Um I'm about 20 minutes away and I am the uh the county itself, we one of the hardest hit in Jersey,
thankfully I didn't get hit. My wife hasn't been hit with it and none of our family members which is great,
but everything's been pretty much shut down up until this past week or so. They finally started allowing outdoor dining on monday. Um But still everybody's wearing masks, it's all the same. I hope we don't open up anything anytime soon, especially hearing what's going on in florida and texas.
I hear you
what?
I agree, I agree. The one office we have is in the city itself and they're actually opening up on monday and we're all that work in the New Jersey office are like, you guys can go back, I'm in no rush.
But I think
No, I'm lucky. I've got, it's about 10 minutes Without traffic, I can get there in about seven. It's great.
Yeah, I got really like
Yeah, Yeah, that's, my wife takes her about an hour hour 15 because she works in the city, so she takes the train, which is 10 minutes from our house, Takes her into about 5, 10 minutes outside of New York and Hoboken. And then she takes another train that takes her into the city and then luckily that train brings her about four or five blocks from the office, What do you do?
So she actually crotches. So she brings, yeah, so she'll bring all of her clothes to hang stuff in. A nice bag. I mean she's been making now, she actually started making pillowcases for outside, but
you'll make scarves, hats, gloves, um blankets She started, she actually made, I think a teddy bear for one of our friends kids. Yeah. Yeah.
It's crazy.
that's very true.
What
for fun? Um besides surveys? Because I mean, I love doing them. Um I do work in our garden and garden. I mean right now we just have a bunch of mint. I started growing a persimmon tree
and then at some point we'll actually put some tomatoes and cucumbers. But I've been in this house now for four years and I keep saying every year next spring I'll start doing it and I haven't yet, but one of these days
so
they're similar to a tomato so you can eat them straight off the tree. Um They're a little harder and a little sweeter. I've seen people cut them up and put them in salads. Um They grow them but mainly I'm just gonna take him right off the tree, clean them and eat them like that if I get lucky enough and they actually give me some fruit we'll see. Okay.
Bush.
Didn't
work.
You're fine. Yeah.
What?
But
he didn't
nothing.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Do
you
have if,
No I
didn't mean it.
let me
wake up
my
I don't
know.
Uh huh.
No.
Yeah, I have no idea.
thank you,
yep, that's what I've been doing. Mint juleps, mojitos, regular
team
again.
The I don't know if I can think of three, the only thing I can think of is taylor ham and cheese sandwiches,
the
only one I can think of it um you might know it is pork roll.
Okay, so depending on where you are, it's either taylor ham or pork roll, but basically it's a thin piece of meat that it's either it kind of looks like bologna
or but it's made with the pig parts and we sizzle it on the grill,
put it on an egg and cheese sandwich. Egg and cheese with an english muffin. Okay.
What taylor ham and eggs, taylor ham and egg sandwich?
I don't know, I don't know, I'm surprised because everywhere everything I see online that says well what's the state food and they all say taylor ham and egg, Nobody, nobody hears of it outside of Jersey.
you know it's really good, especially for breakfast.
The
and
Oh
probably
Well
And
he did
you
just gotta power
mm.
if
you think mhm. So how do you guys actually make sweet take if
No,
but,
The
world
Do you think?
it was,
Okay.
I was going to study, don't was going to say, I think, I think they even sell it up
here,
I
think.
Okay. Yeah, I think I've seen it in the store.
No,
sweet tea and barbecue. Well, that sounds great.
And then if you come to Jersey, you'll have every diner, you can find any diner you can think of all the time they're open and there's always at least one or two within five mi of each other.
I was so you can, you can always find some kind of food all day long,
but
we can figure
out how to do it, yep.
Uh huh, It's about 20 minutes. Okay,
I actually went to school in Hoboken. Oh
forget
those that they shouldn't be famous anyway, Bruce Springsteen, that's about the only one I can think
of. What?
I don't know. Let's see what google says.
Thank you.
Mhm. I wouldn't even have that in my memory everywhere. You were close. Their their the ramones were from new york.
No pets,
no pets. My wife is allergic to cats and dogs. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, she'll swell up like a balloon. Mhm,
Mhm. Yes, do you have any pets by you?
Gosh.
Yeah.
I'm sure they keep you entertained, especially during these times,
of
course,
Hey
He
Okay.
Yeah of course.
Well
Good
of course. Loving job of the mother. Yeah.
nope just the two of us, that's it.
Especially
now I couldn't imagine having a kid home and having to teach them and get them through the school work
and then have to keep them entertained. Forget it.
Oh
one of the guys I work with, I actually wished him a happy father's day and he goes, hey are you a father? I go no, he goes what are you waiting for for the grandparents to start bothering or the future grandparents to start bothering you? I said no we're trying to enjoy life still.
He goes come on you got to have a kid. So this way you can have the full spectrum of why you want to be envy of your single friends. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm,
Coming
up,
mm. So are they still at home or they move
out?
That's
And
good?
Of
course.
Calling these criminals,
What is that?
yeah.
But
that's good. So now he can now he can practice cooking for mama.
I said he's gonna practice cooking for you now.
What?
Who?
Nice.
Not even for Mother's Day.
I said not even for Mother's day.
You
think?
Okay, that's
good.
Yeah.
My life Okay.
yeah, we have any, yeah, we've been we've been ordering out at least roughly once a week just to keep up with the locals here,
Right, but we have, we can't get into any restaurants or anything.
Do we have a local tavern called the Railyard Tavern? Because they've got great bar pies, pizza pies, and then we've got a pizza place that actually does great italian subs and italian dishes, pastas and chicken cutlets.
Uh huh.
Yeah, I'll go pick it up, I won't have anything delivered.
Mhm.
mm hmm.
well
I am. So we actually uh actually got a survey set for um korean fried chicken from the freezer,
So so it's it's uh it's a new one, so we'll see what ends up being, but it's hot sauce and and korean fried chicken. So we'll see right in the right in the toaster oven, 10 minutes each side, 20 minutes later, we'll be good to go.
mm hmm. That's right. I love it.
That's
it.
You
know
what?
At least you don't have to cook
what?
Right.
Beautiful. And a movie. That's what more do you want?
Conservation.
Okay. You know?
It's
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. I haven't seen it
Thank
you.
It's
that's nothing wrong with that. Mm hmm. Very nice. Okay.
Me.
I
think we I think we have and it was very nice meeting you and speaking to you. This was great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank
you.
It was. I wish you the best of health going forward and you get through this nonsense safely and everything gets back to normal soon.
Yeah.
That's right. Alright. Stay safe. It was nice talking to you.