Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Like sweeping down timeline. That's the mhm. We're using countless without hope. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. For each All right. Yeah. All these groups. Yeah. First of all please. Yeah. Why? Mhm. People Oh, information on doing the composition. These are people. Which Mhm Oh no. Yeah. You've been talking about. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. The fact that this is district system what the company wants. That's cool. Right. Houston. Hello everybody. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. People. Yeah. He has a kid. Sorry. Seven position of attention. Got it. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Oh my God. Great. Not talking to anyone. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Mhm. Mhm. Thank God. Yeah. Okay. The company for my daughter. Yeah. So why? Mhm. Yeah. With what is happening? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh hey. Oh, I'm sorry. Everybody. So, mm. Thank you. Right. Hey, Google set a timer for 10 minutes, 10 minutes and we're starting now. Yeah. Bring in the period. Okay. Mhm. People. Okay. People. Yeah. Well, actually never happened. Right, wow. Yeah. Popular. Right. Yeah. You want. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Okay. My love I think a lot of work. Okay. Thank you. Okay. And you see that. Thank you. Tiger Woods. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you have to give us today what she do? I mean first and now it's over ST We were better straight by 17, 17 working. Oh great. Okay. That is supplied the book from 350. Okay. That's the least 31 To reach that 800 and now they made me more so that might have somebody else's if we're not careful. Times a woman, it's just we never people. Uh huh. No part who can probably like Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever you say what we have today. Shit. Hi. Oh yeah, this is not your thing. You want for your word. She just loves your parents on. She was already dead when they had nothing. Right growth one black. Okay. Yes she said well Only 350 minutes left. Yeah. God getting close to flying. So what? She didn't tell me that boy. This is between that morning. Just like what are you finding that snow? Thousands of asbestos in there. Yeah. In order not just wasting down. What What you got? That's his. So we had something. Uh huh. She works long. Yeah. I just want to be my friend. Okay. Hey over here of those years old 97. Only 250 stand. I don't like it right Now. There's a whole play this one. Let's take it still at once. Let me have it be supported, haven't you? Right. Maybe. Yeah. No account number. Right. But still the guy we watched the whole again. Not not what? Okay. All right. No. Right. Okay. It's not what you want. But I am trying to right here see frank transparent. Yeah. Oh yeah. What jobs they want? Wait a month back so thanks so much. Yeah. So quickly she got her life on the out. I like horses in our business. About a certain bets. If you offered in the end of the first round of questions given the cops that he was in college, he started A clock 70 hour and itself. Yeah. Yeah. Write an album. Anything you want. We need a little hard work. Okay. Yeah. It's not its shape change. Yeah. I want to change on a diet. Anyone from you think of our patients being human? You agree? Get to watch what Fine. Yeah. Just reading That's exactly. No. Okay. Why didn't you tell us 100 for production? Got to get everything okay that more. Mhm. What? Mhm. Don't speak no more. You'll say one. You know what that was. Okay. Yeah. That's language again. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Take it right with you on that night. Oh do so thank you. So this is what the home because get the fuck out you're talking about. Forget. Hello? Fuck that. Right, okay. Yeah. Well because you have come again about the money. Wasn't there? Use this heart valve phone can do. They were fine. Yeah. Yeah, we don't talk. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good boy. So no one else will money. Uh huh. Yeah.
So we just thought up to the right
please.
Google Stop. I'm working on the volume now. Hello?
Sorry, I was getting my volume cleared and all that good junk. So. And how are you today? Yes.
Okay. Oh, I work a split shift, so the mid day is usually when I'm napping, if you couldn't tell. Yeah.
Oh, absolutely. They work from a cat, they work for me. Step
call,
tell
them
same thing I was having to fiddle with. Yes.
Yes. You're wearing a Hawaiian shirt with a triangle pattern on it. Yeah.
One
I've already gotten the feeling that you're very likely a current or former musician.
Mhm. What do you play?
interesting. By the way, my name is Marie, I probably should be polite and introduce myself. Um But now it's just there's a way that musicians carry themselves and when you spend a lot of time around him, you kind of recognize it and
I wasn't
What?
I'm the most important part of the member of the band, I'm the one who goes out and buys the shit.
What do you play in primarily what?
What
do you enjoy? Let me phrase it that way. Come on.
What?
Are
you
Chicago
blues, delta blues texas?
okay. You know
what?
So you basically just described the entire genre of Americana only you left out waylon Jennings san
did
you get what I'm saying? The Americana is what you basically just described there is available on prolific uh that it
yeah.
but
Watch this.
Thank
you.
yeah, because it's too hard to market, but it's exactly the stuff that speaks to what gram Parsons, gram Parsons called it cosmic american music because it was part of that whole just stall the universal soul, the american spirit. That's why a lot of people prefer the phrase Americana versus like outlaw country because too many idiots took outlaw country. I mean, oh, we're gonna sing about smoking dope and getting laid. And it was more than that. The outlaw label wasn't about the actions you were doing, it was about having control of your masters. And then that became a whole different thing in the nineties with prints and Warner brothers and wow, it seems like I've gone into one of my rants again and I apologize for that.
okay, so with full disclosure, I make a joke that my, I have three favourite for favorite bands. Okay, my favorite band of all time is bon Jovi because the band that you love when you're in high school is always going to have a special place in your heart. Okay. The band I love the most that is currently still recording is the super suckers. Okay, you may or may not have heard of them. Um
they've been around for about 30 years, they were on sub pop, they've done a bunch of uh what can I say, a bunch of, you know, self released stuff there on acetate records now. Um wow, but they are definitely interesting then. My favorite band, sorry, my hair is getting on my nerves. Uh
My favorite band is then lizzie,
well it's Lindsay thursday. So I would be wearing a thin, Lizzy shirt anyway, but my favorite album of theirs is Black Rose, a huge, huge fan of gary moore anyway, but feel like that was so amazing with what he did, it's amazing what he could have done if he hadn't had so many demons. Um and uh so that's my favorite band and then
Mhm, wow. Now, when you say their very first, you mean the one with the big keyhole looking cover you're not talking about.
How can that be shades of a blue orphanage? And then the, I remember the first ones actually called Thin Lizzy or not for some reason, I think it has a different name, but it doesn't matter. Yeah, well, that's actually funny. And when you mentioned Kris Kristofferson, a friend of mine actually has played with Chris uh several times, Kris Kristofferson is the one who got him the gig, playing with johnny cash. And then later with Ray Price, back in the nineties when he was still a young and in uh Nashville. So boy did they do good on matchups here?
I live in Arizona and you? Mhm.
Okay. I have a sister who lives in north Carolina, but she lives in Raleigh Durham area, I believe. I don't really know because I don't really talk to her because I've actually never met her in my life.
no you would think it would be. But if you're originally from the south, which I can tell about your accent, you're not it's not as uncommon as you think. Uh Lots of cases of multiple remarrying parents who oh I'm getting away from them. So in this particular instance my biological father had a daughter a couple of years before I was born and when her mother divorced him she took off for California and basically had her new husband adopt my sister and she wound up finding me online about yeah 12, 10 or 12 years ago. And just because he's in North Carolina and I'm in Arizona are past,
haven't physically crossed even though we talk every couple months, it's kind of interesting.
Yeah I agree. But my definition of family goes far beyond D. N. A. Uh There are people who I am far closer to than anyone I share biological information with and they're still family. I mean they literally our family, you know what's the old saying families where when you have to go there they have to take you in and I have been very blessed in my life that I have managed to build my own tribe essentially. It's
kind of crappy in a way though because as it turns out the majority of my tribe or in four places now I've got scattered. Okay. But the highest concentration is Arizona texas florida in California. Oh you know those four states that just can't seem to stay out of the bad news lately? I swear it's not my fault. It is not my fault. My people are good. My people like
you.
Uh Well my people that are in California before all this uh they'd come out here or I go up there a couple times a year, you know because it's not that far. My folks in texas, most of them are touring musicians so they would wind up coming through Arizona, no problem florida is A few of my high school friends who I see, you know, maybe once every 20 years and my father, my father and I make a point of seeing each other at least once a year. This is my dad, this is not my biological father, that one's long passed away, this was my mother's third and final husband. But even though legally he's not my father or stepfather now that he is widowed, he my daddy period, that's it. And the last time I saw him was last fall when he flew me from phoenix to Miami so that we could go see the who I've never
seen. I've never seen them. They're his favorite band. And actually I was going to say in my fourth favorite because I said there were categories, my favorite of the british invasion bands uh is actually the Rolling Stones, but it wavers between them and the who because again there's always gonna be that debate the Stones or the Beatles and I'm like I would actually put the who in
terms of influence much higher in terms of songwriting, I would put the kinks much higher in terms of marketing. Ain't nobody touching the Beatles in
terms of adaptability, Ain't nobody touching the stones but in terms of impact, I honestly do think it's the who simply because they invented heavy metal, they invented punk rock, they that that rock operas blah blah blah. So much so.
Uh huh, Kenney jones was in an unenviable position because as the saying goes, the keith moon was the best keith Moon style drummer there could ever be, I will say that Zak Starkey is doing a commendable job with the who. But Kenney jones there, there was it was, it was going to be a no win situation. The closer the closest you could have done would have been if joe Walsh could have played drums, don't say john bonham could have done it, he had
the personality but his style was so very different and that was really the spark. There was keith moon. I always thought that.
Well,
I remember when they came out just because I was raised in a radio family and always had over the ear cans, doesn't mean I don't remember the beauty of the portability and the tiny this size versus this size. Oh no, it was a world of difference. Mhm. It was transformative because albums couldn't travel with you. Eight tracks, you really weren't going, there were portables, but they were crappy. The Walkman made music infinitely personal because regardless of what you were doing, you could have it with you. It made it less of a social thing and much more of an internalized thing. Yeah, I'm a little I'm a little older than you might think, let's put it that way.
I owned one, I will also say that the boom box that I own had a short wave radio in it. Uh My first turntable was a portable with the built in speakers given to me when I was five years old. Uh music is the thing with me, but to give you an idea of my age, Sammy, Davis Jr had the number one song in America when I was born. Tricky.
That's threatened.
I love
Dick Gregory's books. Yeah,
And that was an accurate uh statement.
Oh, very simple. My stepfather remember I mentioned my mother had been married three times, my stepfather who passed away in 1989. Um he was a disc jockey In the 80s. See, I'm narrowing it down a little bit now um in the eighties and if you're familiar with the Tv show WKRC in Cincinnati, there's a line town to town up and down the dial. Um I lived that life. Um but one thing that people who haven't lived the radio life don't understand is you're not necessarily going to be in your chosen genre. He went from a christian station to a middle of the road station, which M. O. R. Is a sub classification. We don't even have any more, but it was that housewife rock, the melissa Manchester type stuff. Okay,
Soft rock. Now they have yacht rock, but that actually is even a smaller subset of that because you're not gonna hear john on a yacht rock station, but you did on the M. O. R. Stations. Right? So anyway, he's available on prolific. Oh my computer needs to quit talking to me, not the person behind the computer, the computer itself, but where I was going with that is that so because it was a cool job for a parent to have, I hung around the station a lot. My mother eventually wound up also working at some of the stations that he worked at. So when kids my age were sitting there reading hit parade, er, and circus, I was sitting there reading cashbox and billboard and oh gosh, what was it called? Hold on, Tuesday, Tuesday morning quarterback cale Rodman's tip sheet, that's when hardly anyone has heard of, unless they were in the industry. So I always came across as a, you know, as a kid and a teenager always came across like, oh dude, you want to listen to this band, they're going to be big, and it was like, how do you? And I'm just like, course, I knew it was because they had the marketing behind them, et cetera, et cetera. So, but so being part of a radio family, we moved around a lot, and that's why for me it's not unusual that I've got people here, people there, people here, people there or that I've always affiliated well with musicians because there's a whole different set of benefits and drawbacks to that life. And if you don't understand that life, and you try even to be friends with them much less if you go it out with them or something, right? But even if you're just trying to be friends with them, if you don't understand, hey, this is the temperament, These are the stressors. The factors ain't gonna work. It's like princess and the pea, it ain't gonna work. So
it's
kind of
creepy, actually.
And
and
it was
What?
that's
absolutely accurate these days. You got to Alice cooper, you got your dee Snider, You got little steven's underground garage, you've got Michael Bay Bar, you've got, Yeah. Sorry.
He's
mm
Mhm
Mhm
Which
is
difficult
to do unless you're doing sessions or voice overs or jingles
it's what?
huh
I'm going to get
I think,
Last
night
What?
What
it?
well
that's why I don't live in California, honey
eric down
is a little bit cheaper
then,
you know, you know. Oh.
That is one of two dogs, thankfully the cat is keeping actually, the cat was cool and never said a mumbling word to quote Hoyt accident from the song Della and the dealer. I couldn't resist that one when I realized the cat was being quiet. But yes.
two men pins and one cat, my roommate has the two men pins and then the cat is mine. Her name is cooper. Yes, she's named after Alice cooper because her markings include a black smudgy thing around one of her eyes and it just suits her. Um But you know, it is it is actually very interesting because weird parallels when I lived in England, it was long after you had left, it was not in London. I actually lived in Bury ST Edmunds for several months. So
interesting. Now it's funny too because you went into radio sales and remember I just had grown up around, it wasn't, you know, wasn't in the industry, but get grown up on the perks and stuff, okay, Because there used to be perks, there's not perks anymore. Um but but what was funny was when I started hanging around with musicians and you'll understand this from Your experience as well. People go, how do you know, so many musicians? I go, once, you know, one you wind up knowing the rest of them because their friends and they'll introduce you and the next thing, you know, everything, you know, is a musician, but so there I was and I was talking to some friends of mine who were, you know, they weren't anything big, they were very, you know, adequate sales early two thousands, you know, I'm a little bit older. Like I said that I look, and what happened was they said, oh, you know, we just didn't get this on radio, Everybody loves us. And I said, you, I really think that the listener is a radio stations customer. And they said, yeah. And I was like, no baby. The radio station caters to the advertiser that is their customer. You are just their way of being able to draw the ears that the advertiser wants, and
people don't
get it.
yeah. And their customer
is
or the listener, it is the advertiser, because if you have zero listeners, but you can convince an advertiser that the one person who tunes in is the exact fit for their thing, then you made that sale boom. So, again, it's just funny how, and I was like, shocked. I was like, you guys were on a fairly major label and you don't know that radio isn't about the listener at all. It's about the advocate. How do you not know these things? You know, just beside growing up in that lifestyle, you know, and
money.
Who
was
your 1st concert? It's a
good idea.
Really? Shea Stadium.
good point.
Another
time
they only did a very short block of actual touring once they left the Star Club, you know, there's only a couple of years where they did any touring, so Oh,
that
they
couldn't hear themselves
apparently. Mhm,
Is
it? Thank you. I did see Paul McCartney in 1990, does that count? So uh
but
yeah, I have not unfortunately, because I had to work when they did the big rehearsals for, you know, they rented out a place for like uh two weeks in L. A. A couple of years I guess like five or six years back now. Last time they did a big tour, some of my friends were literally hanging outside the rehearsal studios every day and I'm like, I wanted to go just to be part of it. But no, I've never seen the Stones, never seen the kinks either, but most people have never seen the kinks, so there's
that.
I
know where hams Hampton
he?
College
now.
And his birthday is June 21, if I recall correctly.
Mm hmm. I never can't remember if it's Ray or Dave, that's the 21st, I think it's Ray because I always remember the fact that he's the one who knocked up chrissy hind and uh oh
by the way, Sammy Davis Jr had the number one song in America on june 21st, 1972. It was Candy man from the Willy Wonka soundtrack.
That was a fun little way of telling my age. Originally walked it
go.
But again, I don't carry myself like someone who was born in 72. I one of those people who like robert Highland said the cat who walks through walls, that's me, only
my walls only my walls instead of being Well, I mean, I guess technically the walking through walls was a time space continuum kind of thing too. But in this sense it's the generational continuum because my mother was young when I was born. So I understand so I'm gonna say it the boomer mentality. But here I am, smack dab gen x. But I also understand, I understand a lot of what came after me as well. Again. The cat who walks through walks
I definitely have the view from abroad, to quote Miss Bette Midler.
It was a fresh
chateau.
we're all versus cosmopolitan is always going to be the bigger divide.
Yeah.
We've
been
promising
in
between.
I actually understand that when I have a british customer and I am saying british to include the entirety of great Britain, not just England, let me phrase that clearly. Okay,
again, the average person isn't aware of that. Not here in America. Um As you can tell, I have a bit of a southern accent when I focus on it, I have the standard midwestern yada yada, very smooth. But when I'm working and doing customer service, I'm telling you, I sound like I never set foot outside of Alabama because I can get away telling people that they're idiots and they say thank you for it.
So
I
All right in what you were talking with, whatever
they're correct
Vibe is for the circumstance, by the way, do you realize that we have managed to chew through our 25 minutes and then some
what?
Yeah, I actually worked for a cell phone carrier and I work customer service. I'm the person you call and say, Hey, I can't pay my bill this month. Hey, why aren't my text messages going through that sort of thing? And I've been doing it for 12 years as of next month. I love it because it's a job that at the end of the day stays where it is and I get to live my life.
I
already
worked remotely. I've been a home based agent for about three years now. My company had already been working in transitioning our role to be home based and with this mess, because I don't like to give it a name because when you give something a name you're giving it power over you. Right? So this mess, uh it took three years to get um, Hold on three years to get 1000 employees home in three weeks time, they got 10,000 employees home there. They basically just rapidly accelerated the time frames of what had already been put into motion and many of the people that are working from home now, it won't be a permanent switch. I mean there are still leases and you know like that there are still going to be call centers for a while yet. But this has proven to them that there is a long range benefit to them and that yes, it can be done with less um blowback than they might have anticipated. So I was very lucky that my company was already going that route and I'd already been in it frankly if it weren't for the concern you know and for the fact that I can't just easily, oh I need to go pick up a bag of sugar or whatever. Then that's really the only thing that's changed in my life. I can't go out to shows. But you know it's summer in Arizona most people weren't coming through here anyway. They come in the winter time, secondly I can't just run to the corner store. I might maybe have to order my stuff and wait for a day or two for to arrive. Okay.
And then of course like I said the Alice static load, the generalized worry. Those are the only things that have really changed in my life since this mess started.
Mhm.
is a wonderful way to do it from home.
What
you
have to change
all.
And
frankly her line of work much like mine is one that's pretty critical right now. You know, keeping the telecommunications things going with more people, you know, 30 years ago, the infrastructure was not there for the response that our country has had to have, you know, there there would have been no way even just with the schools you I mean you could send a kid home with, you know, here's a workbook but that's not anyway,
it was a delight best
luck in all of your ventures. Okay.
Yeah.
I actually have a feeling of that already and they may be people that I know personally because you look really freaking familiar is what the problem is. You remember that you carry yourself, there's something about your face that's very familiar to me and again, the genres don't quite, but like I'm friends with Ricky Warwick from the Black Star Riders, it's very possible that you've worked with people that I know, most of the folks that I know tend to fall in the country and hair metal genres just because of your operational, but that doesn't mean I haven't necessarily seen you, like in a photograph with, you know, Tony or Michael Wagner or something like that, you know,
So
well
I will know
soon
enough.
I have a lovely day by