knock, knock.
Hello
now you hear me?
Hello?
So far so good. Yeah.
I'm I'm I'm a big believer in naps.
I would not have been able to do what I've been in my life. Mm
we're not for naps,
I'm just
getting my volume set up here.
my name's mogul, I guess you can see me okay, can you? Oh
and
as you can see how exceedingly answered. Yeah.
Oh how did you guess that? That's very good.
Uh Like guitar, keyboards, Sing and rights.
So
are you are you
also a musician?
All
well I'm I'm mostly retired now uh
but
everything that I do uh beginning
that I write uh flows from the blues, so
if
you're
not
well it's it's not actually pure bred blues if you do you imagine a cross between Cheryl crow staying
and
the stones you'd be somewhere in the vicinity of?
I love love whaling
jenny.
my my friend Jeff who was the drummer in my last chance is Kris Kristofferson's drummer and yeah, it was right before
that I'm having a senior moment. All right, he was with another, you know, one of the country legends with. Yeah,
um and there there's an element of
willie in in what I do too. So
it's
it's very attracted music, the kind of music that radio, The radio stations have record labels. eight, so
yeah, that's fine. So what kind of music do you like to listen to? What kind of musicians do you think?
huh.
That's right,
and that's the day.
very curious coincidence. Their first album, it was produced by a guy called Bad English who was my songwriting partner for a long.
I think it's actually the first two albums that they put out.
Yeah. No, what part of the country do you live in Murray?
I'm in uh, that's Phil, north Carolina.
Oh, that's kind of unusual.
And
Oh, well, it's good that, you know, it's good that you talk, you know, I'm, I, uh, I come from a family, uh, I feel very fortunate, you know, in the, I get along well with everybody. There's a lot of love in my family and I feel very fortunate and, you know, I always think that it's uh, important for people to at least make an effort to and that with family.
Oh, that's good.
immediately
I immediately thought to bring you Marie, I mean, that was the first part that jumped into my mind, but folks in California must be close enough where you can get together with them sometimes. Right,
nine.
Well,
Well,
yeah. Well I lived in London for 30 years. So a lot of the people that I, uh, played with or learn from my mentors, actually british musicians. Um, so Kenny jones, who was the drummer in the hood?
No.
Well Kenny was my neighbor and he introduced me to the white man, I'll never forget. They had never been heard of in Britain And I was down my local club, which was kind of between our houses were about 200 yards apart. And the middle was this
problem where we often used to meet up and Then they're playing space invaders one day and he came in instead, close your eyes, make close your eyes. So it's felt something slip over my ears kind of weird. They kind of felt like headphones but tiny, he hit play and I will never forget that almost threw off my stool, you know I mean to you walkman is ancient, right? That's an antique.
Okay. Because you you look too young to really, you know, I've been into the Walkman, I would have thought that
Mhm. I mean, yeah,
yeah, that is kind of tricky. Uh and their light down, I love that story about Sammy Davis jr when he converted to Judaism, economy, Dick Gregory million and
no.
he told Dick Gregory, hey dick, I'm just converted to Judaism. I'm all excited. The gurgles said to him what you want to get segregated twice for. Yeah,
yeah. Dick ugly all over lipstick. Very good. So now you said you were part of a radio family. What was bad about?
Sandra.
So that we've got lots of coincidences going on here
Marie
before,
when when I left written, I moved back to the state. I was born and raised in new york city, finished high school in London. My parents moved to London and I finished high school there this morning. I was going back to new york city just as soon as that. Bright good. Um, so when I get out of high school, I met always amazing british musicians. Um, and it was very different in Britain and in London, uh, it wasn't so much in industry
and I would
meet all
these, well I met all these war cross players hanging out, you know, and they were there, you know, and um and some of them adopted me and took me into their wing and uh, you know, so that, that was like a certain music, Well, I moved back to the states in 92 is my exit new back here with our daughter and I wanted to be around for my daughter when she grew up. And although I played with a lot of american musicians,
Most of my work, probably 90 my work as a musician had been in europe. So I discovered when I moved back to the States that all musicians never die, they become radio
and
yeah. Except that I wasn't on air.
I started out doing jingles, which I had never done in Britain. The only jungle. I didn't in Britain, I've been booked for some weeks out and it happened to be the day after john Lennon was shot. I'm standing there saying uh,
jingle about Volvo, you know, with a very bad case of the blues because john, and just, and murder. Yeah.
And I swore to myself, I would never do another jingle. And I didn't, until I was no longer making a living for music army, I would have had to start all over again. Uh,
you know, and I just, and plus, you know, I wanted to be present from my daughter,
which
meant
I couldn't,
yeah, and mom was living in Vermont, you know, so I wasn't going to work out. I, you know, I still run into amazing players there and I would go and dig,
but, you know, I was playing bars and, oh,
it's just, and there's nothing like what I've been doing in europe. Um,
so I, uh, started doing radio jingles and then, uh, I very secure this route. I wound up, you know, writing
and producing to start with. And then I got into planning and from there I got in sales, um, uh, and I sold ideas. That was basically why it's not them. What separated me from other radio wraps was that there were sales people, you know, they sold
the
radio stations, I felt ideas, you know, wanted a good idea for campaign. You came to Mexico and I did very well and wound up becoming the director of self funded Differently and just like you, uh my wife and I decided we wanted to leave him on as soon as our kids are in college, we were free to go. So we wound up, we spent a year in midland texas, which, oh my God, that didn't work out so well, not our scene. I mean, I actually enjoyed the there's a kind of hard edged beauty to it, which I kind of enjoyed and I did meet some great musicians there, but the radio stations I went to work for were they had lied to me, okay. When I got there was nothing like what I was heading
not to expect. Then we wound up spending a few years in
Oregon and bend organs
and that was kind of like the pinnacle of my radio career. Then we spent a year in New Orleans.
Love new Orleans, couldn't afford to live there with Stuart's men
and
well,
my my my daughter lives in santa
Barbara.
I mean she lived in a tiny place, but she lives in santa Barbara anyway, so that's how we remember, you're my brother lives in Asheville. So that dog, I hear
they were in a dark area,
I don't know.
We people
sell
ears, radio stations sell ears, you know, so
well they
went years.
Well, you know,
musicians live in this little bubble where we think that everything we do is what matters the
most,
You know,
my
I'm really going to date myself now. The Beatles.
No, no, I was in London. I was in,
I was in,
I was
in high school.
mean, I saw
them, I couldn't hear them so loud,
barely
hear
You know, um, ringer used to say he would, you know, just watch their butts, keep time because he couldn't hear them, you
know?
very cool.
Have you ever seen the Stones? Like
Ray
used to buy me beers when every also lived in that same part of Hampstead where part of London called Hampstead
where
Kenney
jones lived there and so to gray and whenever I used
to see right down the puppy to always buy me a beer.
The nice, nicest guy.
Okay, is that your birthday?
indeed.
Oh, my wife loves Willy Wonka, one of her favorite movies really wanted.
1972. I was,
I was About to have my 21st birthday. So yeah, 51
night.
Yeah. Well, you know, I think it's great to have a uh huh A broad perspective on
uh, there you go. Well, you know, you know, you lived in a part of Britain that is mm, you know, very english when I think it very sent Evidencing. It's very english now. Um, and
where
London is, London is like new york city, it's right Kozma martin enough.
yeah, absolutely. If you want to get to know, you know, I got to know Britain because I played all over the country, you know, so I spent years on the road playing everywhere from clubs to arenas, and uh
and you know, playing with a lot of british musician and um I have something I call multiple accident or you're mad. The short, my my grandfather was the rightful blimey was katatni relax like to lighter all bloody day long, but I mean, your finger about it, I get to write out no problem. Or, you know, if you wanted the queens, I can also
speak
the queen's,
you
know,
Comes quite naturally 80 minutes, alcohol is british accent, and I break into them all the time and not even more. I'm doing it
Absolutely.
And
you just go, bless
your are.
I'll never forget
it.
And then some we have one last question
for you, Murray. What do you do?
No, that's great. Get now are you working remotely or you could
still going
into.
facts.
Yeah. Working from home I think makes a lot of sense. My wife uh
what was a dental hygienist, but she had always wanted to work for a moment and she finally discovered medical coding that
yeah, she loves it. She's been a medical cutter for a few years now. And she started working from home. I want to say to you years ago,
2.5 years ago, something like that. So we're very fortunate, you know, and you know her
her
work.
No, it really hasn't, you
know.
No.
Likewise,
thank you. So listen, if you go to Youtube if you're interested and you type in Mick lee songs, M I C K A L. E
songs, you'll come on my channel and if you look, you'll find a bunch of people that I work with that, I think, you know?
You never
know. No, can tell. Anyway.
You
look
at directing
these ones. You might enjoy the music. We'll see.