SPEAKER_L: Okay. Right. But yeah. Right. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, nice to meet you. I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: Connie
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: Connie,
SPEAKER_L: Canio Deborah,
SPEAKER_R: well, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: I am in the bay area, California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, awesome. Um do you guys still have smoke?
SPEAKER_R: Um No, I haven't seen anything for like probably a week or two weeks, so it's been good for you,
SPEAKER_L: that was so I'm in Portland Oregon right now. So we have,
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: have as much orange,
SPEAKER_R: Kind
SPEAKER_L: beautiful
SPEAKER_R: of?
SPEAKER_L: orange colors as you guys did, but that was crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was really awful. I remember because I'm from so cal originally we had a really bad fire like 10 years ago and it was even worse, like it was red, so yeah, it's it's so scary.
SPEAKER_L: Like a few years ago we had one and it was like raining ash, mm
SPEAKER_R: god.
SPEAKER_L: and you're like, oh, it's snowing and you're like, no, just the fire. But it's crazy because I feel like of natural disasters like fire, I sort of like push out of my mind. I'm like, oh, you know, an earthquake or whatever. And then they just like spring up and you're like, oh that's terrifying because there's nothing that you can do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's probably like that because most of the time it's like in a park or away or in the mountains or something, but once it starts spreading it's so crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Well especially when it gets so close to the city because normally it will be like off over there, look over there and you're like, oh that sucks to all those people have to evacuate and then you're like, oh shit, but what I was telling myself because it was like moving up and like I was never in like an evacuation area but it was like moving up closer and I was like okay, listen if it ever gets to me it's going to have fucked so many people before, like it's just gonna be such a disaster. So I'm like okay because I'm like in the middle of the city, so I'm like okay, you know at least I know that people are going to try to stop it before it gets there. So are you in san Francisco? Are you outside of
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually in mill penis,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: know what
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: it's like? Near san Jose, It's closer to san Jose, So SF is around like 40 miles north. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: is that like where people are moving to now because no one can afford anything?
SPEAKER_R: in san Francisco. Ah yeah, everyone's just slowly like spreading further and further away from SAn Francisco. But now with the whole coronavirus saying there's a lot of companies that are doing permanent work from home and then a lot of people are just like either going home where they originally came from or just like moving permanently. So nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Are you working remotely? Me too, What do you
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: like nice but I am a product manager, my dog is like he's like making noises in your sleep. Um Yeah, I have a product manager at Hitachi.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So are
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: you, so what does that entail?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so um so Hitachi works on like storage, like enterprise storage, um B two B stuff. So mostly I'm in charge of like software and licensing and packaging for the storage systems because there's like obviously like memory on the systems, but there's also software to control and manage and like do all that computer stuff actually non engineer. So it's kind of a new like environment for me to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you work with a lot of engineers?
SPEAKER_R: not I work with a lot of PMS but they all have like engineering backgrounds and they're all like older men so that's one of those things. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So I work for a medical consultant company from a writer for them and it's all dudes like the guy, the two guys that own
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: it, it's there like the bro, easiest dudes and you know, they played football in high school together and then they made this company and everything, you're just like, okay, I fucking get it. Like it's like we have like the Calgary, I mean I've been in the office in a while, but it's like you have all the beer you have like they have video games, they have like a the ping pong table and like it's just they ride their bikes and the forests together. And it was like, oh cool. And it kind of sucks because you're like, I know like you guys are going out
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: and like bonding with each other like all the other boroughs and then you know they're moving up and you're like cool. Yeah. And then some one of the girls who is a designer like complained about it and they were like you're welcome to join us, like you can come ride your mountain bike with us and it's like well I can't because I don't know how to ride a mountain bike but and you're like okay. Yeah, are your are your guys bro? We are they like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: there are like the guys that they kind of just come to work, do their work and go home, which
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I guess is nice, right? Like it is what it is I guess. Yeah. I kind of wish we had more of a culture kind of like that maybe you know as bro we but just like more younger people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's hard. Like my first job out of college was like mostly older people and I remember
SPEAKER_R: When?
SPEAKER_L: I was just like oh I'm going to make all these friends and it's gonna be so great and then you're like oh everyone goes home to their families all. Yeah, but um did you like working remotely?
SPEAKER_R: I do. I hate commuting so much.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's terrible, isn't it? Um
SPEAKER_R: it's literally
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: the worst part of my day.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, well what's crazy is I didn't really realize how much energy I was exerting where he are commuting because like now it's like I walk downstairs and I'm at work and then you're like, oh I'm like not exhausted from
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my day part.
SPEAKER_R: it's so weird and it's like why do we force people to go into the office so
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: often?
SPEAKER_L: it can all be done. Like there's no part of my job that I did better it in my office
SPEAKER_R: I know. Same.
SPEAKER_L: because it's like loud and people come and talk to you, it's crazy. Mm um So like my office, they they're very convinced that it's all going to go back to normal like any day now. So they just keeping which is like nonsense because obviously it's not and like we work it just, it used to be um an auto mechanic building, so it's like totally open, there's no real walls dividing everything so it's like the most unsafe place to possibly be with all these people, but so they just keep talking about how like oh well I'll be back, it'll be so great and then people are like slowly going other places like working remotely from like other states and they're like we really want you to be here, so when we do go back you can come back into the office, it's like No 1's doing that so like I appreciate your optimism but like sure
SPEAKER_R: like even if things go back to normal soon, it doesn't make sense to start bringing everything back to normal, like you're
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: just gonna start it again, like the cases haven't gone down at least
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: in California, so it's like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: not at all. It's like if we rush into it it will be exactly what happens everywhere else where you go and then there's a disaster and then you have to go back
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know what
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the roaches. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly because everyone's doing their job, like I got it because we were when we closed down um someone that we worked with husband tested positive, so they were like okay everyone go home, we're all done and they were like we're gonna be back in two weeks and you're like oh ok, only two weeks sure. And so like everyone only brought like a few things back with them and then obviously it extended and so like I've gone back a few times to get things, it's like people's deaths have like slowly gotten cleared out, like they tell their self home, but I I don't know like I don't really like I don't have an office or anything to work in so I'm just like sort of put a bunch of tables together. Um But it seems like if we had known that it was gonna be forever at the time, it's like I would have gotten a desk would have put energy into making an office because I do miss like how big my desk was in the office and like different tiers of stuff. Uh Do you have like a desert? Like a good designated spot?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so one of our bedrooms is actually in office and it
SPEAKER_L: excellent.
SPEAKER_R: was like that from the start, so yeah, it was really convenient to just start working from there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good. I'm
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: surprised
SPEAKER_R: mean I find
SPEAKER_L: you have. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: I find myself just like working wherever I'm coming to sit on the balcony or I'm gonna whatever
SPEAKER_L: because just
SPEAKER_R: and it's like so chill, just do whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's and I don't know about you, but I work so much faster at home because like no one is talking to me or asking me questions and so then I'm left with all this time in my day and I'm like, like do a task that normally would take all day. I'm like, oh, was I like really slow with this or because it's like, I don't think I got better anything, but it's so
SPEAKER_R: Pretty interesting. Yeah. You start realizing all these different things that it's like so weird to think about because it's like if this hadn't happened, I feel like never in my life would I ever really had an opportunity to be like fully remote. So it's like giving a lot of people so many opportunities to figure out what actually works for them. Like if companies can start seeing that then they can save money. They don't have to pay to rent a building and like pay for all that stuff. So it's like why not?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we like, we had a few people that worked remotely before, but they were like really anti people working remotely, so they didn't have any systems in place. So then when we all went like, have you ever used like the Microsoft teams?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We used to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's great. Like everyone was like, oh, I don't, I don't know, and they're like, no, just everyone needs to use it, and it's like so easy because you're like trying to explain something, just like, I'm just gonna call you, I'm just going to do this, and I'm like, this is what we all needed. There's no reason. Like there's this has not influenced my ability to communicate with people anyway, it's great and I'm shocked, it's a Microsoft product and normally they're not so great, but
SPEAKER_R: It is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: weren't Yeah, well it's like we were using um slack before, but like only certain people in the company would sign up for it and so, but this is like, it's like everyone's there, you just shoot them a message. It's
SPEAKER_R: big
SPEAKER_L: fake.
SPEAKER_R: is your company?
SPEAKER_L: It's like 100 and some change, but there's only about 100 people at work in the office, but we were like running out of room and so they
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: bought,
SPEAKER_R: only one location. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and they just bought the building across the street because they were going to expand into it and then this happens and
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: they're like, so
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: that's also probably why they're like, oh we're going back any day now because it's like your your city. I'm like a bunch of real estate. Yeah. Is your company small?
SPEAKER_R: No, They're probably like 7000. Right?
SPEAKER_L: that's large.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is. Yeah. And this is only like one like part of it. Um Because like Hitachi I think the parent company in Japan, they make like everything like literally everything. They're kind of like Yamaha where they make like instruments and also like a bunch of other random stuff like aren't even related. So.
SPEAKER_L: And you realize that they make it until someone pointed out and you're like, oh you make cars, okay, that's cool. Are you watching any good tv?
SPEAKER_R: Um What I I just finished, what was I watching? I watched Umbrella Academy because it was like number one on netflix for a few days like a month ago, two months ago. I don't know time is like
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. It seems, I
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: feel like that came out like months and months ago. But yeah it probably was only a few months
SPEAKER_R: Did you watch
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: no but it's like with the superheroes right in like school I heard it was really good.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty good. Not bad. Yeah it's like, I don't know what time is like every week goes by fast but every day kind of still drags along so it's like you can't really tell what's going on. It's crazy. Um
SPEAKER_L: my favorite is when you're like oh that was uh two days ago and then you're like oh no that was in july
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's so weird.
SPEAKER_L: no like the most recent one was between the two debates and so like tuned into the v. p. one and I was just like was that only a week? Like I remember watching the presidential one and I was like oh the VPs in a week that's not bad. And it's like the amount of things that happened in a single week and you're like what is time? It's just nonsense. Did
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: you watch
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: any
SPEAKER_R: feels
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: them?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't I didn't want to watch the presidential one because I didn't want to just feel sad and bad. Um Yeah, I didn't watch the VP one either because I just didn't get around to it, but
SPEAKER_L: the same.
SPEAKER_R: I think I'm going to at some point. Oh
SPEAKER_L: they were going to have one what this week and they canceled it. So there's one in a few weeks that's still scheduled somewhere. I don't know I mean it was it just like it makes me like the next day after the presidential one. It just felt like such garbage and like everyone was like really snippy at each other and you're just like I can't believe this is like what the world is right now.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Like everything is so terrible and then you have this terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Like cluster you, Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but at least from the VP when we got the fly and that was entertaining.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, how does that even happen like?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I was like I'm watching it and I'm like does he have a fly on his head? You're like yep. And then it just flew away and that you're just like if we could all just focus on the only funny thing that's happened in a really long time it'll be fine.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. A flying. It's pretty good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but what have I been watching? I just, I've been watching, have you watched shameless?
SPEAKER_R: No, but I've seen ads and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I started watching that and there's They're kind of like the 11th season, so I'm like, oh great, I'll have a big chunk of things and then I've like made it through 10 seasons and then I felt a little bad about myself because I was like that I think I watched too much, like I think that's too much television, but it's like about um just like a dysfunctional family on south side of Chicago and like everyone's an alcoholic in kind of a drug addict and you're like, oh my family is totally fine.
SPEAKER_R: It feels so much better about yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What? I know, I feel like I'm like consuming a lot of media lately just because but like what I do miss about my drive is that I would listen to my podcast on my commute and now I'm like, oh, I guess I'll listen to podcasts. I like wash the dishes and but then I keep falling behind because my commute was so long, but
SPEAKER_R: How along with it?
SPEAKER_L: it's like an hour. Yeah, just because, so I live in Oregon, but I work in Washington, so I have to cross a bridge to get there and like, that
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: get super backed up because it's the only way across. So like, rush hour that would get fun. But I would just sit there and listen my podcast. That was fine. What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's okay. An hour is pretty crazy even if it's like not super traffic. E
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like not that
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: far too, it's just it's all highways and then everyone gets stuck because there's not good public transportation around here, so everyone is in their cars. So, but I would assume there's bad traffic down in your land.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. It sucks like God, awful. It's literally the worst part of the bay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, it's hard when there's like so many people are moving places and they're just not like there's nothing more you can do, you can't build more roads so it's like
SPEAKER_R: Just,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's literally just not in the room were just kind of scary because it's like all these people going and how are all these cars and the wear and tear on like all the public infrastructure is pretty bad and they already can't handle the existing stock so I'm like, they really need to figure something out here.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I really think just the key is making better public transit, that's not buses because I'm not going to sit on a bus if I have a car, like when I didn't have a car, I would, but then I bought a car and I'm like if you had the train that wasn't dependent on traffic, then I feel like then people can do that. But when you're like, oh do you want to send traffic on a crowded city bus and you're like, no I don't.
SPEAKER_R: Actually what, it takes like an hour to go like five miles. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And it's hot, you stand outside in the heat and the rain terrible
SPEAKER_R: We have like a subway system but it's really bad and
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: there are so many issues, they need to revamp everything and there's a so many homeless people and just people who are living in near poverty because it's so expensive here.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: It's like what you have to like solve this whole issue from like the bottom like there's so many issues all tied together um It's just being like exacerbated by these huge tech companies and these software engineers and stuff. It's actually so bad gonna
SPEAKER_L: So um so my aunt lives in The Mission in san Francisco and so She it's like a really tiny house and she bought in like the 70s. So but like she said like behind her it was like all this undeveloped land because it was it's on like a steep hill and so they were all all the people that lived, around they were told that you can't develop it and so it sat there and then these guys bought it up and they're building these little mini mansion things. Um And they're all the people are like well that's not the type of person, We don't want a 5-bedroom house back there and they're like oh no we're solving the housing crisis and they're like you're not doing that at
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: all, this is going to go to a software engineer from google for a billion dollars. And I'm just like it's so insane to think that those are the conversations that are happening instead of like, hey listen, none of these people can afford anything. So why don't we build something for them and not spend all this time on like one house arguing That one family's at 11 and you think cause I make so much money off taxes from these companies that they would have a lot of resources to be able to dump into it. That seems very frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: It's yeah I'm really hoping this whole pandemic thing just drives people away from the bay so maybe in a few years will be able to see the effects of that. But It's like unsustainable for anyone who's not making like $150,000 a year which is all like yeah and it's like how how important is facebook really that you need to pay. You know it's like supporting companies that don't actually add any value to like the world. It's just it's so it's actually so toxic. I can't Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are you from there originally? So
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: few
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: weeks?
SPEAKER_R: from san Diego.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But like that's a feel like that's close enough where like you seen like because with san Francisco less insane Like 10 years ago or has it always been?
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea. Yeah I went to Berkeley so I was there, I was in the East Bay for like four years. But I feel like this is just always impression that I've gotten since 2014. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It just,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I just, I wonder if the people that are making all this money like feel bad about it where they're just like walking around and I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: all the kids that come out of Berkeley or they have their heads up their asses like so far, I swear there like I went to Berkeley, I'm working for like facebook and I have all these stock like restricted stock units and I'm going to sell in like four years for a million dollars and it's like I guess if that's what makes you happy and like I I get it because they're all like a lot of them are like immigrants, they just want to like make money and help their family, but it's like this is so unsustainable, like especially with so many engineers like at a certain point like ways you're gonna start dropping and then you're not gonna, you're like, it's hard to move up because there's so many people and everyone's like so competent, so it's like when is this gonna go? So I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like you're just the only people you probably ever made our engineers. Just everyone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's like every it's always just like a competition. Everything is like a competition, you know? So I don't know, I'm thinking of moving, definitely. This is way too expensive. Like
SPEAKER_L: Where are you thinking
SPEAKER_R: my last
SPEAKER_L: of moving?
SPEAKER_R: uh probably either north California or um maybe like Washington. Yeah, or like yeah, Oregon or maybe like texas, my boyfriend's from like near Chicago kind of, so maybe over there, but just like, I don't know, California is a little crazy, Everyone just comes here and then like it makes money and then dishes in a couple of years.
SPEAKER_L: So like we're in Oregon, they're having a big problem not so much now because no one's moving, but before all the people from California, we're moving with all their money and just like buying all the houses with cash because it was like the amount of house you could get versus what you had in California, it's like you sold your one bedroom condo and then you bought this gigantic house and so then they
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: warn houses for other people and then then everyone got mad and it was like well aren't we just jealous? I wish I wish I had like had all this money from selling a little jack, but everything is terrible. Uh I'm thinking of moving back to boston and it's just like I forgot how expensive everything is and because it's like things are cheap cheaper here significantly and then there's like everything is just a disaster
SPEAKER_R: Why do you want to move back though? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: my family is there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And since you're working remote,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: you're thinking
SPEAKER_L: matters.
SPEAKER_R: just yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: But I like I haven't been in a real winter in a while so that'll be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Do you miss that?
SPEAKER_L: No, but the good thing is is like you don't have to go outside anymore, it's like you just stay it, you just watch your color get covered in snow and you're like, I don't have to drive anywhere, it's fine. No, but Chicago. So if you move to like near Chicago, that, would that be your first real winter? Like?
SPEAKER_R: That's actually kind of funny because yeah, I lost november, I went um and that was my first time in the midwest because I was born in Arizona and then I moved to san Diego and they came to the bay, so it's like I've only ever been on the side of the country, so I went there and I saw like snow for the first time. Yeah, and it was really cold and every like I went to like this one area and it was really freaking cold and there were girls in mini skirts and like wearing like barely anything going to a club and I was like, are you shitting me? Like it's freezing, I was so cold and they were just like wearing nothing or like, okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it gets
SPEAKER_R: but it's weird.
SPEAKER_L: everything is like damp all the time because like, you'll walk in like your pants.
SPEAKER_R: growth, I'm like, why does anyone want to do this?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's a good question because then you move away from it and you're like, oh my God, it's so much better you have to shovel. But I mean it was fun I guess. Maybe. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty cool for like five minutes if
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: you don't
SPEAKER_L: key
SPEAKER_R: have to
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: go anywhere and go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's the key. You don't leave.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I guess. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well our time's up.
SPEAKER_R: it is, that was a fun conversation though. I did enjoy speaking
SPEAKER_L: That was
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: excellent.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: This was the best. Have you done this one before?
SPEAKER_R: No. Have you?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So they like a few months ago they had it and um I find that the people are super nice that you get connected with. Like I haven't had any awkward conversations. Look,
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: that people, these things are like generally like pretty okay, you know, it's like, yeah, all the academic studies and stuff, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And it's like it tells you you're going to have a conversation with a random person. So like if you can't do that, why would you sign up?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are you going to do more of them?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess if they come up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so this one it said like you can do like six and so what happened last time was you'd finish what
SPEAKER_R: just keep signing
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: then you just um you like fill out your availability again and then you get another one. So I think I did like four and one of them didn't show up and then I was like Okay that's enough, but this is real solid. It was nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice to meet you too. Have
SPEAKER_L: good luck with everything
SPEAKER_R: rest of your day. Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_L: erIN vibe.