Okay. Right. But yeah. Right. Hi,
but
what
Canio Deborah,
where are you calling from?
Oh, awesome. Um do you guys still have smoke?
that was so I'm in Portland Oregon right now. So we have,
we
didn't
have as much orange,
beautiful
orange colors as you guys did, but that was crazy.
Like a few years ago we had one and it was like raining ash, mm
and you're like, oh, it's snowing and you're like, no, just the fire. But it's crazy because I feel like of natural disasters like fire, I sort of like push out of my mind. I'm like, oh, you know, an earthquake or whatever. And then they just like spring up and you're like, oh that's terrifying because there's nothing that you can do.
Well especially when it gets so close to the city because normally it will be like off over there, look over there and you're like, oh that sucks to all those people have to evacuate and then you're like, oh shit, but what I was telling myself because it was like moving up and like I was never in like an evacuation area but it was like moving up closer and I was like okay, listen if it ever gets to me it's going to have fucked so many people before, like it's just gonna be such a disaster. So I'm like okay because I'm like in the middle of the city, so I'm like okay, you know at least I know that people are going to try to stop it before it gets there. So are you in san Francisco? Are you outside of
it?
Oh, I don't know
where
that
is.
is that like where people are moving to now because no one can afford anything?
Are you working remotely? Me too, What do you
do?
okay. So are
you, so what does that entail?
Yeah. Do you work with a lot of engineers?
So I work for a medical consultant company from a writer for them and it's all dudes like the guy, the two guys that own
it, it's there like the bro, easiest dudes and you know, they played football in high school together and then they made this company and everything, you're just like, okay, I fucking get it. Like it's like we have like the Calgary, I mean I've been in the office in a while, but it's like you have all the beer you have like they have video games, they have like a the ping pong table and like it's just they ride their bikes and the forests together. And it was like, oh cool. And it kind of sucks because you're like, I know like you guys are going out
and like bonding with each other like all the other boroughs and then you know they're moving up and you're like cool. Yeah. And then some one of the girls who is a designer like complained about it and they were like you're welcome to join us, like you can come ride your mountain bike with us and it's like well I can't because I don't know how to ride a mountain bike but and you're like okay. Yeah, are your are your guys bro? We are they like
just
That's
It's hard. Like my first job out of college was like mostly older people and I remember
I was just like oh I'm going to make all these friends and it's gonna be so great and then you're like oh everyone goes home to their families all. Yeah, but um did you like working remotely?
Oh it's terrible, isn't it? Um
It's
yeah, well what's crazy is I didn't really realize how much energy I was exerting where he are commuting because like now it's like I walk downstairs and I'm at work and then you're like, oh I'm like not exhausted from
my day part.
because
it can all be done. Like there's no part of my job that I did better it in my office
because it's like loud and people come and talk to you, it's crazy. Mm um So like my office, they they're very convinced that it's all going to go back to normal like any day now. So they just keeping which is like nonsense because obviously it's not and like we work it just, it used to be um an auto mechanic building, so it's like totally open, there's no real walls dividing everything so it's like the most unsafe place to possibly be with all these people, but so they just keep talking about how like oh well I'll be back, it'll be so great and then people are like slowly going other places like working remotely from like other states and they're like we really want you to be here, so when we do go back you can come back into the office, it's like No 1's doing that so like I appreciate your optimism but like sure
no
no
not at all. It's like if we rush into it it will be exactly what happens everywhere else where you go and then there's a disaster and then you have to go back
and
like
exactly because everyone's doing their job, like I got it because we were when we closed down um someone that we worked with husband tested positive, so they were like okay everyone go home, we're all done and they were like we're gonna be back in two weeks and you're like oh ok, only two weeks sure. And so like everyone only brought like a few things back with them and then obviously it extended and so like I've gone back a few times to get things, it's like people's deaths have like slowly gotten cleared out, like they tell their self home, but I I don't know like I don't really like I don't have an office or anything to work in so I'm just like sort of put a bunch of tables together. Um But it seems like if we had known that it was gonna be forever at the time, it's like I would have gotten a desk would have put energy into making an office because I do miss like how big my desk was in the office and like different tiers of stuff. Uh Do you have like a desert? Like a good designated spot?
excellent.
Yeah, that's good. I'm
surprised
you have. Mm.
because just
It's and I don't know about you, but I work so much faster at home because like no one is talking to me or asking me questions and so then I'm left with all this time in my day and I'm like, like do a task that normally would take all day. I'm like, oh, was I like really slow with this or because it's like, I don't think I got better anything, but it's so
Yeah. So we like, we had a few people that worked remotely before, but they were like really anti people working remotely, so they didn't have any systems in place. So then when we all went like, have you ever used like the Microsoft teams?
Yeah, it's great. Like everyone was like, oh, I don't, I don't know, and they're like, no, just everyone needs to use it, and it's like so easy because you're like trying to explain something, just like, I'm just gonna call you, I'm just going to do this, and I'm like, this is what we all needed. There's no reason. Like there's this has not influenced my ability to communicate with people anyway, it's great and I'm shocked, it's a Microsoft product and normally they're not so great, but
well
we
weren't Yeah, well it's like we were using um slack before, but like only certain people in the company would sign up for it and so, but this is like, it's like everyone's there, you just shoot them a message. It's
fake.
It's like 100 and some change, but there's only about 100 people at work in the office, but we were like running out of room and so they
bought,
and they just bought the building across the street because they were going to expand into it and then this happens and
they're like, so
that's also probably why they're like, oh we're going back any day now because it's like your your city. I'm like a bunch of real estate. Yeah. Is your company small?
that's large.
And you realize that they make it until someone pointed out and you're like, oh you make cars, okay, that's cool. Are you watching any good tv?
Exactly. It seems, I
feel like that came out like months and months ago. But yeah it probably was only a few months
but
no but it's like with the superheroes right in like school I heard it was really good.
my favorite is when you're like oh that was uh two days ago and then you're like oh no that was in july
no like the most recent one was between the two debates and so like tuned into the v. p. one and I was just like was that only a week? Like I remember watching the presidential one and I was like oh the VPs in a week that's not bad. And it's like the amount of things that happened in a single week and you're like what is time? It's just nonsense. Did
you watch
any
of
them?
the same.
they were going to have one what this week and they canceled it. So there's one in a few weeks that's still scheduled somewhere. I don't know I mean it was it just like it makes me like the next day after the presidential one. It just felt like such garbage and like everyone was like really snippy at each other and you're just like I can't believe this is like what the world is right now.
Like everything is so terrible and then you have this terrible.
Yeah but at least from the VP when we got the fly and that was entertaining.
I don't know. I was like I'm watching it and I'm like does he have a fly on his head? You're like yep. And then it just flew away and that you're just like if we could all just focus on the only funny thing that's happened in a really long time it'll be fine.
but what have I been watching? I just, I've been watching, have you watched shameless?
Yeah, so I started watching that and there's They're kind of like the 11th season, so I'm like, oh great, I'll have a big chunk of things and then I've like made it through 10 seasons and then I felt a little bad about myself because I was like that I think I watched too much, like I think that's too much television, but it's like about um just like a dysfunctional family on south side of Chicago and like everyone's an alcoholic in kind of a drug addict and you're like, oh my family is totally fine.
Yeah. What? I know, I feel like I'm like consuming a lot of media lately just because but like what I do miss about my drive is that I would listen to my podcast on my commute and now I'm like, oh, I guess I'll listen to podcasts. I like wash the dishes and but then I keep falling behind because my commute was so long, but
it's like an hour. Yeah, just because, so I live in Oregon, but I work in Washington, so I have to cross a bridge to get there and like, that
can
get super backed up because it's the only way across. So like, rush hour that would get fun. But I would just sit there and listen my podcast. That was fine. What?
Yeah. It's like not that
far too, it's just it's all highways and then everyone gets stuck because there's not good public transportation around here, so everyone is in their cars. So, but I would assume there's bad traffic down in your land.
Yeah. Well, it's hard when there's like so many people are moving places and they're just not like there's nothing more you can do, you can't build more roads so it's like
what?
Mhm. I really think just the key is making better public transit, that's not buses because I'm not going to sit on a bus if I have a car, like when I didn't have a car, I would, but then I bought a car and I'm like if you had the train that wasn't dependent on traffic, then I feel like then people can do that. But when you're like, oh do you want to send traffic on a crowded city bus and you're like, no I don't.
And it's hot, you stand outside in the heat and the rain terrible
or
What?
So um so my aunt lives in The Mission in san Francisco and so She it's like a really tiny house and she bought in like the 70s. So but like she said like behind her it was like all this undeveloped land because it was it's on like a steep hill and so they were all all the people that lived, around they were told that you can't develop it and so it sat there and then these guys bought it up and they're building these little mini mansion things. Um And they're all the people are like well that's not the type of person, We don't want a 5-bedroom house back there and they're like oh no we're solving the housing crisis and they're like you're not doing that at
all, this is going to go to a software engineer from google for a billion dollars. And I'm just like it's so insane to think that those are the conversations that are happening instead of like, hey listen, none of these people can afford anything. So why don't we build something for them and not spend all this time on like one house arguing That one family's at 11 and you think cause I make so much money off taxes from these companies that they would have a lot of resources to be able to dump into it. That seems very frustrating.
are you from there originally? So
few
weeks?
Okay. But like that's a feel like that's close enough where like you seen like because with san Francisco less insane Like 10 years ago or has it always been?
Yeah. It just,
I just, I wonder if the people that are making all this money like feel bad about it where they're just like walking around and I don't know.
Yeah. I feel like you're just the only people you probably ever made our engineers. Just everyone.
Where are you thinking
of moving?
So like we're in Oregon, they're having a big problem not so much now because no one's moving, but before all the people from California, we're moving with all their money and just like buying all the houses with cash because it was like the amount of house you could get versus what you had in California, it's like you sold your one bedroom condo and then you bought this gigantic house and so then they
just
warn houses for other people and then then everyone got mad and it was like well aren't we just jealous? I wish I wish I had like had all this money from selling a little jack, but everything is terrible. Uh I'm thinking of moving back to boston and it's just like I forgot how expensive everything is and because it's like things are cheap cheaper here significantly and then there's like everything is just a disaster
my family is there. Yeah,
it
matters.
But I like I haven't been in a real winter in a while so that'll be interesting.
No, but the good thing is is like you don't have to go outside anymore, it's like you just stay it, you just watch your color get covered in snow and you're like, I don't have to drive anywhere, it's fine. No, but Chicago. So if you move to like near Chicago, that, would that be your first real winter? Like?
it gets
everything is like damp all the time because like, you'll walk in like your pants.
I mean, it's a good question because then you move away from it and you're like, oh my God, it's so much better you have to shovel. But I mean it was fun I guess. Maybe. Uh huh
The
key
is
that's the key. You don't leave.
Well our time's up.
That was
excellent.
This was the best. Have you done this one before?
Yes. So they like a few months ago they had it and um I find that the people are super nice that you get connected with. Like I haven't had any awkward conversations. Look,
I was
And it's like it tells you you're going to have a conversation with a random person. So like if you can't do that, why would you sign up?
are you going to do more of them?
Yeah so this one it said like you can do like six and so what happened last time was you'd finish what
and
then you just um you like fill out your availability again and then you get another one. So I think I did like four and one of them didn't show up and then I was like Okay that's enough, but this is real solid. It was nice to meet you,
good luck with everything
erIN vibe.