Hi, nice to meet you. I'm
Connie
Connie,
well, nice to meet you.
I am in the bay area, California.
Um No, I haven't seen anything for like probably a week or two weeks, so it's been good for you,
how
about
you?
Kind
of?
Yeah, it was really awful. I remember because I'm from so cal originally we had a really bad fire like 10 years ago and it was even worse, like it was red, so yeah, it's it's so scary.
god.
Yeah, I mean it's probably like that because most of the time it's like in a park or away or in the mountains or something, but once it starts spreading it's so crazy.
No,
I'm actually in mill penis,
do
you
know what
it's like? Near san Jose, It's closer to san Jose, So SF is around like 40 miles north. Yeah,
in san Francisco. Ah yeah, everyone's just slowly like spreading further and further away from SAn Francisco. But now with the whole coronavirus saying there's a lot of companies that are doing permanent work from home and then a lot of people are just like either going home where they originally came from or just like moving permanently. So nothing.
it's
like nice but I am a product manager, my dog is like he's like making noises in your sleep. Um Yeah, I have a product manager at Hitachi.
They
yeah, so um so Hitachi works on like storage, like enterprise storage, um B two B stuff. So mostly I'm in charge of like software and licensing and packaging for the storage systems because there's like obviously like memory on the systems, but there's also software to control and manage and like do all that computer stuff actually non engineer. So it's kind of a new like environment for me to
not I work with a lot of PMS but they all have like engineering backgrounds and they're all like older men so that's one of those things. Yeah. Okay.
Good.
Hey.
No
there are like the guys that they kind of just come to work, do their work and go home, which
I guess is nice, right? Like it is what it is I guess. Yeah. I kind of wish we had more of a culture kind of like that maybe you know as bro we but just like more younger people. Yeah.
When?
I do. I hate commuting so much.
it's literally
the worst part of my day.
I
it's so weird and it's like why do we force people to go into the office so
often?
I know. Same.
like even if things go back to normal soon, it doesn't make sense to start bringing everything back to normal, like you're
just gonna start it again, like the cases haven't gone down at least
in California, so it's like, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't
know what
the roaches. Yeah.
Yeah, so one of our bedrooms is actually in office and it
was like that from the start, so yeah, it was really convenient to just start working from there.
but I
mean I find
I find myself just like working wherever I'm coming to sit on the balcony or I'm gonna whatever
and it's like so chill, just do whatever. Yeah.
Pretty interesting. Yeah. You start realizing all these different things that it's like so weird to think about because it's like if this hadn't happened, I feel like never in my life would I ever really had an opportunity to be like fully remote. So it's like giving a lot of people so many opportunities to figure out what actually works for them. Like if companies can start seeing that then they can save money. They don't have to pay to rent a building and like pay for all that stuff. So it's like why not?
Yeah. We used to
It is. Yeah.
It's
all
big
is your company?
there's
only one location. Okay.
no,
it's like
No, They're probably like 7000. Right?
Yeah. It is. Yeah. And this is only like one like part of it. Um Because like Hitachi I think the parent company in Japan, they make like everything like literally everything. They're kind of like Yamaha where they make like instruments and also like a bunch of other random stuff like aren't even related. So.
Um What I I just finished, what was I watching? I watched Umbrella Academy because it was like number one on netflix for a few days like a month ago, two months ago. I don't know time is like
all
Did you watch
it?
it's pretty good. Not bad. Yeah it's like, I don't know what time is like every week goes by fast but every day kind of still drags along so it's like you can't really tell what's going on. It's crazy. Um
Yeah. That's so weird.
don't know.
It
feels
weird.
I didn't I didn't want to watch the presidential one because I didn't want to just feel sad and bad. Um Yeah, I didn't watch the VP one either because I just didn't get around to it, but
I think I'm going to at some point. Oh
I know.
Like cluster you, Huh?
Oh, how does that even happen like?
Uh huh. A flying. It's pretty good. Yeah.
No, but I've seen ads and stuff.
It feels so much better about yourself.
How along with it?
I don't
know.
Yeah. That's okay. An hour is pretty crazy even if it's like not super traffic. E
that's
Oh yeah. It sucks like God, awful. It's literally the worst part of the bay.
Just,
yeah, there's literally just not in the room were just kind of scary because it's like all these people going and how are all these cars and the wear and tear on like all the public infrastructure is pretty bad and they already can't handle the existing stock so I'm like, they really need to figure something out here.
Actually what, it takes like an hour to go like five miles. Yeah.
We have like a subway system but it's really bad and
there are so many issues, they need to revamp everything and there's a so many homeless people and just people who are living in near poverty because it's so expensive here.
It's like what you have to like solve this whole issue from like the bottom like there's so many issues all tied together um It's just being like exacerbated by these huge tech companies and these software engineers and stuff. It's actually so bad gonna
Hey.
It's yeah I'm really hoping this whole pandemic thing just drives people away from the bay so maybe in a few years will be able to see the effects of that. But It's like unsustainable for anyone who's not making like $150,000 a year which is all like yeah and it's like how how important is facebook really that you need to pay. You know it's like supporting companies that don't actually add any value to like the world. It's just it's so it's actually so toxic. I can't Yeah.
No
I'm
from san Diego.
I have no idea. Yeah I went to Berkeley so I was there, I was in the East Bay for like four years. But I feel like this is just always impression that I've gotten since 2014. So
I don't know
all the kids that come out of Berkeley or they have their heads up their asses like so far, I swear there like I went to Berkeley, I'm working for like facebook and I have all these stock like restricted stock units and I'm going to sell in like four years for a million dollars and it's like I guess if that's what makes you happy and like I I get it because they're all like a lot of them are like immigrants, they just want to like make money and help their family, but it's like this is so unsustainable, like especially with so many engineers like at a certain point like ways you're gonna start dropping and then you're not gonna, you're like, it's hard to move up because there's so many people and everyone's like so competent, so it's like when is this gonna go? So I don't know.
Yeah. And it's like every it's always just like a competition. Everything is like a competition, you know? So I don't know, I'm thinking of moving, definitely. This is way too expensive. Like
my last
uh probably either north California or um maybe like Washington. Yeah, or like yeah, Oregon or maybe like texas, my boyfriend's from like near Chicago kind of, so maybe over there, but just like, I don't know, California is a little crazy, Everyone just comes here and then like it makes money and then dishes in a couple of years.
It
was crazy.
Why do you want to move back though? Okay.
And since you're working remote,
you're thinking
just yeah. Right.
Do you miss that?
That's actually kind of funny because yeah, I lost november, I went um and that was my first time in the midwest because I was born in Arizona and then I moved to san Diego and they came to the bay, so it's like I've only ever been on the side of the country, so I went there and I saw like snow for the first time. Yeah, and it was really cold and every like I went to like this one area and it was really freaking cold and there were girls in mini skirts and like wearing like barely anything going to a club and I was like, are you shitting me? Like it's freezing, I was so cold and they were just like wearing nothing or like, okay. Yeah,
but it's weird.
growth, I'm like, why does anyone want to do this?
It's pretty cool for like five minutes if
you don't
have to
go anywhere and go. Yeah.
Yeah, so I guess. Yeah. Yeah,
it is, that was a fun conversation though. I did enjoy speaking
with
you.
No. Have you?
I feel
that people, these things are like generally like pretty okay, you know, it's like, yeah, all the academic studies and stuff, so. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Yeah, I guess if they come up.
just keep signing
up.
Yeah. Nice to meet you too. Have
rest of your day. Yeah. You too.