Can you hear me?
Of course. I cannot hear you. Sorry. Let me
try fiddling with something.
Uh Yeah. Can you hear me now?
Okay, I can hear you now. All right.
Hi. I'm barren.
No, I switching between like three different video conferences throughout the day. I always like screw up some sort of down so
What um platforms, I guess dues.
Oh, I'm sara. Sorry, I did
this last time too,
In a sense that I am a survey researcher by trade. And so like I am I'm totally selfishly asking because mostly I want to learn um what options there are for like my clients.
Well,
No, there. Right, Sorry.
My partner is yelling at me. I'm on the call. Oh, do you mind if I just run and check something really quick? Sorry.
It's like really? I want my two. Mhm.
Oh,
yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. What? We Probably Yeah. Oh,
okay. I'm so sorry about that. Uh
That's what you get for working from home I guess.
All
I'm like looking into that to pretest and surveys.
interesting.
Come
he and you froze, can you hear me? Uh huh.
Mhm. It might so I think it's about to start storming and I think my internet is going a little wonky. I don't, I can hear you now but I don't see you.
No, wow, this is so far a very interesting conversation technically. Yeah.
Uh
and
Mhm.
And
interesting.
well do you like uh would you say you like trading more than usability testing?
that sounds
bad out. Yeah.
interesting.
No, I was just thinking like I grew up in my mom's industry, I would be able to like clean houses and answer phones but nothing cool,
definitely functional.
would think that like a D. A. Would have their own safecracker.
No.
Oof.
Nice.
All right.
That's a good way to advertise I guess. Yeah. Go ahead.
I don't really
do no I don't really do use the research. I do um
public
opinion research with surveys. Uh So it's a little bit different and I had a friend who told me about prolific and so I started and like I part of the reason I like doing it is I like how to see how other surveyors asked questions. So for example with Covid it's like really helpful to see like how people are asking different questions in real time. So when the people that I work with are thinking about how to ask a survey question, it's like, well I've seen it this way and this way. Um But I will say that I also really kick out the first several that I did were like those. Like you see two different pictures and then it's more like psych one oh one uh stuff that I'm like, this this is really fun. I always get really excited when I see like a puzzle media one.
but I and I have done user testing a couple of times to see what it was like because again, it's like it's helpful to know how respondents see something. Um And so like going on the other side is like helpful and I'm trying to think about how to like set something up. But I haven't been user testing for a while uh in part because like I don't know one point of working from home, it's really hard to like Want to invest 30 minutes of my time into like something that's not work on my computer. So but like I think I've gotten back to the point where I'm like cool with
with looking at a computer out outside of work, I've gotten better at setting boundaries between my work and and other things, so.
Yeah. My mom does this
she'll be like out gardening or something, I'm gonna call and she won't answer. It's all here from her like a couple hours later and I'm like mom, like for her it's like part of it is like a safety thing, like she's you know older and I'm like, you should
have
a phone with you for like those reasons.
What?
And.
Fun fact, my partner's father doesn't even own one, he's resisted my mom, I thought my mom was she took a long time to get like a smartphone and I finally convinced her after my so like she's had a cell phone for a while in part because we would move around a lot and it was just like easier than setting up a landline and often times cheaper and so like Back in the early 2000s um but you know for a long time should have internet or a smartphone and um my brother who's in northern Florida, uh you know they lost power and telephone lines were down but we were actually able to talk with them because even the telephone lines were down, they still got data so
they were able to like keep us informed by sending us like messages via facebook or email. And so my mom who's not hurricane weather is like that was like my excuse. I'm like, look like if something happens, if there's a blizzard, you have, you know, a better chance of like reaching us to make sure that like we know what's going on. And so, um so yeah, so I finally got her to get a smart phone a couple of years ago, but
No.
So let me get this straight year. Professional Safecracker often go long times without talking to people because you're traveling and you were attached to artists, which mafia went to game, were you a part
of?
But
breath
saying.
You know, you're getting a parking spot here. Uh
No,
That's one Lawrence, you know? But so oh I was just gonna ask, have you been able to get to Albania with travel restrictions during
covid?
Thanks.
That's awesome.
That's yeah.
Uh That would have been a pain the ass of the battery died. Yeah.
far fewer planes. Maybe more ferries and trains.
No.
complain about like the north and the U. S. And I can't imagine.
Hard pass.
Yeah. I can't tell if that's like just uh more of a, this is how good their traditional dresses or if it's just like they have like evolved genetically
and
I had heard um some of the like natives and parts of uh like the South pacific for example, like kids learn to swim before they walk because they rely on fishing so much and like because of that like they just like standard water for early a long time and I'm like that's badass for like
trip going upstairs, like I'm the opposite.
Mhm. Yeah, I have realized I'm more of an introvert than I thought I was because like I also like traveling, but like I was like busy like doing a lot of after work activities and now I'm like I can't imagine actually going back to it. Uh like it's, I used to do improv and like I'm like I even just thinking about like having one thing a week, I'm like
that just seems like so hard, like I can't commit myself to like that anymore.
Hey.
I
was
like
Yeah,
that's
often,
Yeah, I want to call, I mean, um, so the only actually times that I've gone to like the former yugoslav countries are, is When my mom turned 60 we had taken, she had never been out of the country beyond the Bahamas. And so um, we flew to London and spent a couple of days there and then from London we, you know, took one of those like Ryanair type things, um down to pula, which is like part of Istria and Croatia, um which you've probably heard of because you've been everywhere there and then we went from there to like Dennis and then um, you know, at the time I was a grad student and like trying to figure out to pay for all this, I found out that it was actually cheaper if after that I was going to my friend's wedding in Turkey and my mom had a layover for like on the trip flight and I was like, oh maybe she would just be like interested in going to Istanbul for a couple of days. Um And so that's what she did uh instead of doing like a long layover, she stayed for a couple days and she said Istanbul was like her favorite part of that whole trip. She thought it was like amazing. Um She found the people like obviously very welcoming, but also like just like I found out that like it's great to be around my mom when she flirts with the waiters like reverse southern hospitality or midwestern hospitality where she's been folks, so if you like a restaurant and she would just end up getting us free stuff because like she was so appreciative that they're like yeah let's, you should try this, you should
also try this. And I was like dang
mom.
Yeah, I'm like I need to both learn things and also travel with you more. So yeah, I went when we were on that trip after she left, I went solo to Cappadocia, which is just like amazing and my only regret when I went there, I was trying to save money and I didn't do the hot air balloons um and that's like my regrets, so hopefully one day I'll be able to go back and do that. But they have,
it was just awesome. They had like so many uh like underground caves where people would live to like escape persecution, like just being in like that sort of thing. Like this is just like so foreign to me. Um
she
says hi.
Two.
that's
sort of my like muslim my understanding.
What?
Well,
Some
Yeah, there you go.
That is awesome. Uh Well I'm gonna be dreaming tonight about doing something like that.
if you rinse out of place in Greece, it's probably good money too.
And I remember uh I was in Hungary but only uh why am I blanking on the name? Uh the capital? The a
I was, I was only there. Um and so like I'm assuming it's maybe a little more expensive than in the countryside, but I was, I went out with the person I met at the hostel and she got a glass
of wine and I was trying to be cheap and get some water and I spent more money in my water than she did on her own. And
I was like, I learned, I learned a very valuable lesson to
just drink.
Like
this is fake. This is
from
Windows
desktop.
No.
Oh,
I like this idea that instead of like going to another country and having like the stereotype of like a loud fat american, they're probably like, did you know americans have never seen water before, they
just stare at it
how they don't have rivers, I guess.
that's
hm
Yeah, that sounds like something out of the video game.
writing
that down now.
One.
Oh well they're just definitely hope for that, I will say I probably should go soon to start making dinner. Um But I want to uh
if you decide to go further east, I went to Taiwan with no expectations, I
was just visiting a friend,
have you been there?
well um so I heard in Taiwan just because a ridiculous amount of delicious food, I was I'm like whatever and then I went there and was like holy crap, I gained so much weight. Um but there's this a couple of things, there's this place called me in, you went ahead of it because they had a really bad earthquake a few years ago and um so they have uh there's a gorge nearby and they do a lot of like tourism, so it's super easy to get out there, you just get on a bus and it's also like freakishly beautiful water out there. Um But while we were also there we were you know taking the bus back and um they have garbage trucks but they play music as if their ice cream trucks because it used to be that Taiwan was like one of the most polluted places and the government got it together and they like crackdown, they'll they'll play like music and then people know to come out to bring that garbage. Um And so I got to take a video of like the garbage truck playing like I think it was like Brahms lullaby and then like another
one
just it was like a different classical music but it was it's like crazy. I remember it was like on the street um in Taipei and then i it was almost like surrounded by people with like trashing their hands because they don't use like trash cans on the street, so it's like so so crazy and cool, but I highly recommend it. Very delicious.
Hi,
got
it.
But
That's cool.
Oh well, I'm not to do some Googling later tonight besides uh the Blue Eye and Albania. My first search time. Okay. Uh It was really nice talking with you again. Uh
Now I just want to go to Albania. I just think that's how I would end my day.
no.
My son.
Platform well thanks so much and it was really interesting talking with you.
I have a good night.