SPEAKER_R: Hi. Hello.
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good in you.
SPEAKER_L: Good. And Wendy,
SPEAKER_R: I'm well
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. From texas. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Maryland. Southern Maryland. Yeah, not the real fun part. Just a very, very country part. I grew up in the fun part and I moved in the country so now I'm going to start stop. Why? So we have a good time on how long we're spending just in case because I want
SPEAKER_R: Everybody
SPEAKER_L: to make
SPEAKER_R: do the
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: same thing.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I'll go ahead and hit start now. Okay. I just have it on my phone that way if we have a wall in the conversation. So you've done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: I have not.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're lucky because this is my 6th 1. It's always so nice when somebody actually pop from the screen because my first three, nobody showed up and I was just like, I'm gonna kill somebody I for this chat, you know,
SPEAKER_R: that's what I felt like before. I've seen the posting before, but I didn't do it because I've done other like calls and nobody ever showed up so
SPEAKER_L: I know and I was like, I was like literally I was like so many others like typing out about like how dare you, how many times I have to sit here and wait this, it's so difficult. But if you can do all six of these, you should you should totally do it because I have had the most interesting conversations with people all over the country. I love it. Like you never know who's gonna be on the other end of the line, you know, you're like, like, hello, it's pretty cool. So you look very young, How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: 28.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you you actually look a lot younger than that. I thought you're like 22, That's awesome though.
SPEAKER_R: I get that a lot.
SPEAKER_L: What do you, what do you do? Are you in school, are you working?
SPEAKER_R: right now I'm electrician, but I'm going to school for electrical engineering.
SPEAKER_L: What's the difference?
SPEAKER_R: Uh well, electrical engineering is like everything that's electoral, everything that has to do with electricity and there's also like very high voltage, so like um power lines and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: That's what you do now. So when you say your electrician, you can do everything from like wire house to working on a pole. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: wow,
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: my next door neighbor does. And I guess I didn't make it because he said so. Is that like a lineman you mean? So my next door neighbor's prying electrician then? Oh okay. All right. Oh he's doing good then. Oh wow. Okay. So then what's intellectual engineer? What's that? What's that next step
SPEAKER_R: Electrical engineering is basically how everything gets made um how the electrical systems work together. Uh
SPEAKER_L: like the grid?
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's a lot of very, a lot of writing electrical, I
SPEAKER_L: And there
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: do that
SPEAKER_L: are five different
SPEAKER_R: diagram.
SPEAKER_L: grids in America right? There are five. I took an energy infrastructure, energy infrastructure management in grad school. My my Matthews is in homeland security and I didn't use it at all. But I'm actually trying to get the government right now. I'm not working. I went I went through a couple of years of disability. Um but I just finished my master's degree and then I got lupus and that kind of like, I don't know if you're familiar with that disease but it kind of like threw me off track. So what is the main goal back to you? What is the main goal when you are done with your electoral engineering? Like what kind of job do you want to get?
SPEAKER_R: uh I was actually looking at it and a lot of them are actually like government jobs. Um,
SPEAKER_L: And why would you not do that?
SPEAKER_R: that's right
SPEAKER_L: I mean seriously?
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Like, I mean that's so awesome.
SPEAKER_R: right. And the government jobs have like a lot of benefits and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: my mom retired. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my mom works with the government to, so she works with the army Air Force Exchange.
SPEAKER_L: Are you from texas?
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: You?
SPEAKER_R: actually from Washington state. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: That's a little bit different. You
SPEAKER_R: little bit.
SPEAKER_L: did you come down to work as you come down to go to school?
SPEAKER_R: I actually came down in 10th grade of high school, uh,
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: have a military family. So we moved around a lot,
SPEAKER_L: Me too. Me too. My family is originally from pennsylvania and the last place my father was stationed wasn't right outside dc. Yeah, so He retired when I was like 11. So we lived in Prince George's county Maryland. I'm sure you've heard of it. It's that great crime. Famous as a crime. Uh, we lived there. I am. I moved up to my own when I graduated from high school um but after my dad died we sold his house there and I just kind of started migrating south, you know, a little bit calmer, quieter out here but I don't know it's like 15 minutes to go grocery story fall a little far, you know like you can't,
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: bit.
SPEAKER_L: can't buy ice cream without bringing a cooler. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's kind of how I feel around here, like in Washington State, I feel that everything was much closer together here in texas. It feels like everything is very far apart. Like if I didn't have a car, it
SPEAKER_L: it is,
SPEAKER_R: would be a lot harder.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, that's why I am too, like every time like my truck is like 12 years old and every time the engine light comes on, I like when you just like jump off a bridge somewhere because they're just like oh and if you have to go to the er and you need a Uber or a cab forget it. Like we have Uber and we have list but they don't just show up like where I'm from, like you could, if you call Uber like 55 people will be fighting to get your ride, you know? And here, I mean literally like I'll get,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: they'll be like, oh they're coming. They were like, oh someone canceled. I had to do the er like four o'clock in the morning when I well when I got out at four o'clock in the morning, I wanted to use Uber, I end up
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: using lift and it was like the last ride in town. It's like so weird, you know?
SPEAKER_R: That kind of, that kind of happened to me, uh kind of like before the pandemic things going on uh in Dallas, in downtown Dallas, I had to go to downtown Dallas and the power went out on all the downtown that was,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and I went to go get a Uber and Uber was like having some kind of issues there were they were saying there was no drivers in my areas, They were going to charge me $300 to
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: get.
SPEAKER_L: they were they were they were UNr outed. Do you know what Triple A is like the car plays, they're they're routing is so jacked up. They need to hire somebody do their mapping because they sent me somebody from Delaware one time when my tire went flat. Yeah, it was like, it was like, you know, there's a shop right down the road, right? It is kind of scary though, you know? And I think we forget that they still have regular cab companies out there, but like um where I live there sketchy, like you don't know who like literally like when I was in pressure just kind of like their yellow cabs and they were all regulated and like, you know, everybody knew where you were and out here, it's just somebody with a Volkswagen and you know, and you don't know where they're taking you in the middle of the night, you know, So it is a very uncomfortable feeling to not have a vehicle around here and I know how you feel and it's like, please your jesus do not let my car right down, you know? So if you get a job, where do you want to go? Let's take
SPEAKER_R: Well, I was trying, I was thinking the movement back up north. Uh I kind of wanted to see what Canada was like, but with everything that's going
SPEAKER_L: well you
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: really want to move up north? Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a little bit. A little
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: bit.
SPEAKER_L: that's still on the grid. I mean, why not? It's cold. These were quoted
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in Washington.
SPEAKER_R: like the couple and I like the rain so
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: rain. I mean I love the freaking rain. My bedroom's right out the front porch and I love opening the windows and raining and just watching it all its glory. I love the free from Washington. You've probably seen a lot of rain. Oh, that's so awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like everybody that I know, they'll be like, oh, I don't like the rain. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I love
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: do you want to live and watch the state your brains all the time, But I love rain, so
SPEAKER_L: I do get
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: migraines and it's going to rain, but I have in the tracks. I just gave myself a nice little shot and still enjoy the rain. So
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: I get migraines
SPEAKER_L: are,
SPEAKER_R: too, but mostly from
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What do you take?
SPEAKER_R: of I just take um migraine over the counter. Migraine medication.
SPEAKER_L: 2? You're lucky. So you're young. That's why you get older. It might be. Do you have any autoimmune in your family?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit actually.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You like me? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just be cautious with that because um your migraines might get worse Because mine started your usually your 28 mind started when I was like 30 and it started to get just worse and I know autoimmune you just show that african americans, it's like way harsher. You just gotta be super careful with that. Just be mindful and do a good diet. Um Trying to think Tokyo tin and magnesium and these vitamins. If you take them together, they'll help with your migraines a lot.
SPEAKER_R: sorry,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I'll try that.
SPEAKER_L: you know in that way because you have a lot of stress on your plate coming up in your future and I want to make sure you have a really good future. You know like you don't have to hit all the stuff that I had to hit, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think
SPEAKER_L: you're welcome. Um So if you would think about going to Canada, what's your mom think about that?
SPEAKER_R: uh she doesn't want to be too far away,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: sure she's still in Washington State.
SPEAKER_R: uh she's actually here in texas. Oh
SPEAKER_L: that's what you said the military. Okay. You brought Okay. Yeah. So yeah, my dad, he went to, he retired from military when I was like 10 or 11. So we're in Prince George's County at Andrews Air Force Base. They called Joint Base Andrews now and I went to high school there and then I went to community college there and then I went to Maryland. I do a little hopping back and forth. Them. It took me and you get my grad degree until I was 31. My dad had some issues later in life. So I had to help him a little bit, you know? But I don't know. I don't know one is okay except for the whole being 100 miles away from everything. I thought about Canada. So I thought about the U. K. The U K is pretty much off the chain now. You know, it's not like the UK of old. It's pretty wild out.
SPEAKER_R: What about
SPEAKER_L: So what you are, you, are you in graduate for you in undergrad?
SPEAKER_R: uh under grade
SPEAKER_L: What year?
SPEAKER_R: year for?
SPEAKER_L: Your 40. C. It's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: then I
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: get,
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: get the cap and gown fit. Wait you, you know, it's done when they ask you for your graduation? See, have you paid your graduation yet?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Because once
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: yet.
SPEAKER_L: do that is over, you know, it's done. Start feeling really good about yourself because that's when it's done. You have to go to grad school for that or Oh, where are you going to go?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't decided yet.
SPEAKER_L: You can stay in, do you want to stay in taxes or
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I'm thinking of leaving texas
SPEAKER_L: you're thinking of what leaving?
SPEAKER_R: leaving faces yet.
SPEAKER_L: I would be texas too. Yeah, I can't handle that hot weather. I don't know. A lot of people like heat. But that is some kind of heat. That's
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean when I was I guess I still am young, but when I was when I was younger I was like, oh the heat isn't that bad, but as I'm getting older, it seems like it's just getting worse and worse.
SPEAKER_L: It takes a total in your body. Especially if you're doing engineering. You're doing electrical work. Well, I could use you all the time. I am so scared of electricity. It's not funny.
SPEAKER_R: there's nothing to be scared of. As long as you, you know, follow protocol being, there's nothing to worry about.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I came home one day If we have a, we have a big chest freezers in the garage. We have a we have a detached garage. But there's like from the back deck, there's like a little walkway to it. So we have two huge detached freezes. This is, this is hunting country. Okay. Like where you like? You buy the whole count one time. You know, we're all the 51 and we're really super close to the water too. So, um, one day I came home and I had, and thank God I got to store to buy some brussels, brussels sprouts, I got the Stewart by brussels sprouts on my way home from this very long day and It had to be 95° outside. And I came in and I opened up the freezer and like the water melted off the top of the freeze when I opened it, I was like, I don't think we have any power in here, right, because it's right outside, hadn't turned the garage your lights on because it's an open door garage, you know, like, like the whole thing. And so I'm panicking, I knew we knew we had power in the house. I'm just freaking the fl. And I'm like, what in the hell am I going to do, because we have two freezers out here. Right? And so I was running electrical cords. I knew we had a power outlet on the front of the house, which I never quite understood that, you know, like, how do you not die from power outlet center in the front of the house? You know, I don't understand that part of electricity. Okay, so I am, I was one of those and In our 80 T system went off and I didn't answer the phone in time. And so I'm like, my hair is like out to here is 95° outside. I've got flip point on my face, I have nowhere to put my frozen Brussels sprouts and Allison. I hear sheriff's office in my garage. Oh shit, you don't want
SPEAKER_R: man,
SPEAKER_L: your officers in your garage? You were saying not today, not today.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So I'm pretty sure I was like, what am I gonna do? Like I do all plugged in outside and we called a couple of our friends because we need men, folk friends and I'm saying I need a menfolk friends. So I was calling some menfolk friends and he's like, well you have to have like a GCR, like a GSR like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that, like the little thing on, on the electrical club that you
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: push,
SPEAKER_R: six years
SPEAKER_L: What's that called?
SPEAKER_R: the GFC?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, GFC, he's like as like, I don't have one of those. I don't have one this, I don't know. And I looked over and it's like there's a plug in here I've never seen. I looked over and one plug in the garage was at GFC and that controlled all the plugs. I went over there and I press that button, all the power came back on and the whole girl didn't need the cops to come
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: to you to run wire.
SPEAKER_R: I will say that is that that
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: is a dangerous part of doing electrical work, because like there's a set standard, but you technically don't have to follow the set standard as long as you follow a standard.
SPEAKER_L: uh
SPEAKER_R: So if somebody learned electrical work on their own and you go and try to, you know, fix their problems,
SPEAKER_L: you can end up getting fried.
SPEAKER_R: Right, because you don't know how they wired everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and I know that like they have like the wires have like years on them because I lived in an illegal rental. And The guy was running too many wires and he tried to lie to the building inspector about when the work was done and they went in there and they like read some little code off the wires was like some kind of busted. Like like the codes are like from 25th, it was back in 2015. He tried to tell me all we had to fork down like 2008. And the codes were like from 2015. I'm like finally got up. You know you can set my whole house on fire. I used to wonder like like I would come home in my refrigerator like all my food because I'll be gone for a few days. I come home and all my food would be bad. And now I understand why because the bad wiring so shouldn't like each one of the switches in the garage habit g
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: GFC uh they should, yes,
SPEAKER_L: they don't.
SPEAKER_R: it depends on like when, when the house was made, when it was constructed, because,
SPEAKER_L: Well the Amish did it? Yeah the Amish they built everything here. Um
SPEAKER_R: wow, they did the electricity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know right. Yeah they like they don't they don't have it in their own house but we trust them to put in ours. I mean I'm assuming that dinner because they they you know they built the ship the garage it literally built they go down to everything in this house. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: along.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they're there
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: don't know
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: what standards they would, I would be wary trying to fix the electrics, electricity.
SPEAKER_L: I know I know I know I'm not to try to watch how much I'm fucking a woman. That one house I lived in two with the illegal stuff. I had no clue but like when the power goes out only go out on half the house. I mean he had that so rigged.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's a, that's a sign right there that you have uh some non efficient electrical wiring going on when we have your house goes out at the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was really it was not good. And then he what really clued me and was like he said that I couldn't run the air conditioning when it stormed like when the rain.
SPEAKER_R: Why,
SPEAKER_L: I know I don't I still don't know I was basically paying because I had the upper part of the house. I had like he lived in the basement which he wasn't supposed to be living in because there was only one egress. And then I had the whole upstairs like I had the formal kitchen in the dining room and the three bedrooms in the office. Like I was saying the big money to live up there and then he had a mother in law apartment which we later found out he wasn't supposed to have and an attached garage. So basically I was paying all the bills For everything for him. He had an 80" flat screen TV in the basement off of
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: electricity
SPEAKER_R: I have to wait
SPEAKER_L: grid.
SPEAKER_R: and see? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean the only good thing is that I didn't pay electric separate but at that
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: time I was
SPEAKER_R: going to happen.
SPEAKER_L: owner so I work from home so I think he got pissed because like I was using electricity during the day
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: for what I was paying to live there. It was like crazy you know he was making good money off of me. You know the only the only nice thing was it was really quiet was really crime free and after living in P. G. County I was ready. I was ready Freddy. Have you ever lived in a high crime area stressful in it? It's very very stressful. Um When I told the house in P. G. County so the air condition unit was on the side of house and the next house down was a caddy corner house so that guy's backyard actually faced my side of my house. And I dropped off one of my employees who lived on the next street over one day. I'm like oh and the house was already getting ready to be sold and there was the gate was open. So I called my neighbor as a christian. Can you look out there and see my air conditioning units out there? He's like oh Wendy you're initially is out there you're fine. I'm gonna just go to your sunroom christian. Look right he's like when you're because she is gone I'm like this like it was always stressful. You always have to worry about somebody jumping you and you're bringing in your you know your groceries. I mean crazy you know.
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard of anybody still in an air conditioned.
SPEAKER_L: Oh never. They took off plenty air conditioning and this was an old air conditioner to it had away like a time. Right. Right. Yeah. They just don't like, but the great thing was that the house is still insured and the people who are buying it, we're going to just rip the house apart. So they didn't even want that unit. So they, they actually didn't charge me for it in the sale and the insurance company wrote me a check for five grand. Thank you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: steve.
SPEAKER_R: pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you so much. I appreciate you too much. It was nice. And then when I moved out to that, that illegal house and that guy, he was just a jerk, you know. So then I moved way out in the middle of nowhere. Um, and to ST mary's county and it was just too far away from everything, but like no crime, no nothing. I mean nobody is getting to you. And then I just moved further back up north. And now I'm like Now I'm like 30 minutes from where I grew up, where I spent most of my my little childhood at it's far enough away to be quiet. But so far that you need 20 minutes. He's the grocery store. 15 minutes. That's the only part I don't like, you know, it's shift you give and take. Who in your family has lupus.
SPEAKER_R: Uh my mom,
SPEAKER_L: Your mom. Yeah. How long she had it?
SPEAKER_R: Uh since she had me actually, that's what you got diagnosed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. William. I hope you were a good child. You
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: send her immune system off. It's called the immune system by the way, at the end of this is going to ask who led the conversation. Like there's like a racket questions. Okay, so you know that first patriots is online survey that's up on the top of your screen. You're going to go back to that. You're gonna click the air and it's going to ask you like 20 minutes with the questions and what it's gonna be like who led the conversation? What did you think about that person? Do you want to talk about you? Like this girl talked my head off and told my mother for me. Um I looked at my mom's immune system. No, I had I had a coworker when I was in my early 20s who have lupus. And I was like, and she was always like down
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: and tired and I was like, man, she's not a depressing life. I was like if your immune system, you know, it's just hit, you know? So how does your mom treated?
SPEAKER_R: she takes medication
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. I take them I take like an L. And I was on pregnant for 3.5 years. That's right. I acquired this lovely um extra shell of a body that I had here. Really? There's two of me here now. Um
SPEAKER_R: and he thinks that causes
SPEAKER_L: Your mom
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: does, yeah. Is she on a long term?
SPEAKER_R: long time is,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's hard, it's really hard on your body, you know? Um I quit taking my pregnant on right at the time. Covid came because I was too scared that I was going to get Covid if
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I was on predniSONE
SPEAKER_R: it lowers your
SPEAKER_L: like a lot. Yeah, so I quit taking it, it's okay for like four months. And then I had a really bad slayer and I had to take it for like, like just a couple of weeks. But today I had a situation where my bed is on risers and my gun behind my bed, I went to go get it in the in the bed, sell off the risers. And just the stress of trying to get the bed back on the risers like literally almost knocked me out. So I know that if I'm gonna stay off the predniSONE, I gotta chill, you know? And I got to be really good to myself, you know how it is that your mom, you know, you just got to kind of chill, be a good son, you know, be like a really good son of your mom because this disease is like really stressed driven and yeah, good for your mom to be still working for the government, what she do?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, I have no idea actually. She works in, in office. She, um, her division is the army air forces change. Like the stories that they,
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, I'm very familiar with that. Okay, so she's got a cushy little job and she's got one that will move around. So basically she got a military spouse shop. Okay. No, those are good, those are good jobs as they work with you. Um
SPEAKER_R: She's like, she worked for a telecommunications company. Uh, I used Alcatel and then when they were here in America, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know what that is, I know what that is. They were up in New Hampshire. Well they have,
SPEAKER_R: They make,
SPEAKER_L: they have the service up there,
SPEAKER_R: they moved to a Canada in France. So she got laid off and then after that she started working for the government and she said it was only gonna be for a couple of years until she found it. She stayed
SPEAKER_L: Yo the
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: other, burn
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: her out of there. Yeah. Burn your mom out of that job. That's why I can't write what that's called. But I'm my dad in his later years in life because he had some issues, I was considered his agent, so I got a military ID card, loved it, loved it. You know, I could still shop on days, Still shop at the commentary is wonderful, you know, and he still went to the commentary itself, but he was a little like he's getting fights with the guards and like dad, they're going to rescue, you know, you gotta chill now your mom got a good job, Is your dad still around or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, No. He was actually in Desert Storm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm sorry, wow, So you were young, wow, I'm sorry. Yeah, my dad's been gone for six years. It's been hard. It's been really hard, you know the other day. And my friend I told my mom lives in florida now and she came up from Maryland, came up to Maryland and to see me and my friends like, oh, where's your dad? And I just like for the first time I was like, oh I didn't realize, you know, I don't tell people anymore about tell people my dad anymore. You know, who hits on us, Huh? But your mom's are strong women and that's what matters. That's what matters. How are we doing our time? I think we we'll do three more minutes. Just make sure.
SPEAKER_R: Three minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because we're like 26 right now.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: So you're gonna hi
SPEAKER_R: doctor.
SPEAKER_L: see how quickly that went by. That wasn't that was it?
SPEAKER_R: I am pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: It did and it wasn't that you're a little bit shy,
SPEAKER_R: A little bit.
SPEAKER_L: but that's okay because shy or not. We did it right. Maybe at this, maybe this whole disability thing doesn't work out. I'm going to like talk show hosting or something or facilitate zoom meetings or uncomfortable people.
SPEAKER_R: Probably like start a podcast or Youtube channel or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Oh no, no not Youtube. I can't handle all the nasty things people would say to me.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Those comments would be off. You know, it would be completely off. I could not do it. I couldn't do it. No, I'm trying my I got my letter for disability so I'm hoping I have I have a law enforcement background to that's what I was doing when I got lupus. So I'm hoping that my mother who's up here, she can try to help to get me in to the government. Just something you didn't work from home. Um I dine.
SPEAKER_R: And it's not real good at that working from home because like my mom, is that a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's perfect. Like welcome to my bedroom. It's great. You know, and this is the way it should have been a long time ago. I mean, kudos to covid finally, you know, waking everybody up
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: to the fact that we don't have to leave our houses and drive. You're about the only you have to leave your house. We need you to keep leaving your house. Well, please do not.
SPEAKER_R: of course. But
SPEAKER_L: Do you? Do you get called out when there was like storms and stuff to like fix the power? Oh, well. Thank you so much for being with the people, you and the cable people. We couldn't survive without you guys.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: who we need all the time.
SPEAKER_R: this money just like when I'm not at working, like if there's a storm and the power goes out, I'm like, okay, come on guys. I know how long this taste.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I know in my neighborhood, like the internet is really bad and I work for Comcast for a while. And so when they try when like they're not performing at peak in their talent, like they'll tell people all those outage, when I know like there's no outage and I'll be like, y'all don't listen to them, they're lying to you. The company isn't Comcast. I'm like, hey, heads up, they're lying to you. That's not how it works. It's not out. It just isn't gonna be fixed in three hours. You actually need a tech come to your home, you know? But I used to hate that I worked in the call center, like, um, this is like, way back in the day and like, before DVR okay. And they would like, people like, I'd be on the call all day long and then like, girls would leave on their lunch break and all of a sudden they could be out on their phones on the, you know, outside on their phone and be like, why would you want to be on your phone talking on your phone When you were just on the phone with 50
SPEAKER_R: Well, so
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: far away.
SPEAKER_L: You know like I would like not want to talk to anybody for days. You know get my eight hours. I've done, I don't want to talk to anybody.
SPEAKER_R: See that was actually my first job being at a cost.
SPEAKER_L: Which one?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, it was a con center for um, the right tv and charter.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God love you.
SPEAKER_R: It was terrible.
SPEAKER_L: I apply for charter communications. I went to a job interview in Alabama and I think they discriminate against me because I didn't have a southern accent. I am not lying to you. I went up, I flew to Birmingham. I did great on the interview and I think they discriminate because I didn't sound so they're enough. So I think they think that not have a southern accent view of your route. You know. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: little bit. Yes. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: know what I'm saying? So I got to spray again because I was highly qualified. That's okay because the bugs in Alabama are like that big and I didn't really want to live in Alabama. I mean if you look turn on the weather like every other day, they're getting blown away by hurricane.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I can skip it. Well, I think we can clearance. This has been awesome. I hope that you find up again and again and again and make your money.
SPEAKER_R: I will After that You can experience.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. You have a good night, William and God bless you. All right, honey.
SPEAKER_R: To thank
SPEAKER_L: Good luck.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Don't close out your survey. Just close out them the screen with the video on it. Okay. All right. Bye. Honey.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.