SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah I gotta write it over forgetting. Yeah. Mhm. Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm I'm good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It has been a crazy busy day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah even though I had the day off I was somehow as busy as ever. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was just finishing up a finishing up a text smart Alec one.
SPEAKER_R: those are the hunt on as well.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not gonna, somebody was making a joke about there might be a toilet paper rationing and actually I've already heard on the news. There's a lot of the stores are are are preparing for that. There's a limit to how much toilet paper you can. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's going to get worse again.
SPEAKER_L: That's what they're thinking. Yeah with this you know they're talking about lockdowns in europe and all that so they don't know if it's going to happen here or you know what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I wasn't expecting that in europe because they were doing really, really well at the beginning and I guess it just changed. Yeah I uncle the midwest is apparently bad now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have a feeling it's just the type of thing that's going to have to run its course you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's only so much we can do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so today was veteran's Day and I have been crazy, crazy busy, all kinds of yeah we had all kinds, my dad's a post commander at DFW here and and so we had he had me going from early morning to I just got home and then you want to send pictures to everybody. We got her doing
SPEAKER_R: he's a postman so he delivers the mail.
SPEAKER_L: he's with the veterans of foreign wars in today's veterans Day so they were having all kinds of celebrations and things and then of course since since I was there you know we have all these errands we need to run and and all that. So I just got home
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well um how's the weather been for you today?
SPEAKER_L: it is gorgeous, it really feels like fall when we woke up it was close to freezing but it hadn't frozen yet And um and then it got up in the 60s which to me is just perfect you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah me too.
SPEAKER_L: I don't have to wear a coat and and all that so how is it there?
SPEAKER_R: It's good here it's about the same about 65 warm and sunny. Um still jacket weather because it's a dry 65. Yeah. So um I was just curious because you said you've been busy and I was like well is it really cold where you are? It's been snowing like I know it's been snowing in parts of the upper midwest.
SPEAKER_L: we lived in Wyoming for about seven years and I loved it. I mean the people were wonderful and everything but I do not miss that weather. Oh the last
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: year we were there on easter we had to shovel ourselves out.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh. What year was that? Was it recently or was
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: this was in the 80s, we moved down here in 83 so it was that easter yeah and uh we lived on this cold a sack and um we got everything shoveled and then the snowplow came down the road and scooped all that snow right back up into the driveway were so bad.
SPEAKER_R: That's what they do though.
SPEAKER_L: I know I think it just was worse because it was easter, everybody's looking around going ho ho happy easter mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I think, I don't think I've ever been snowden on an easter when I lived near Chicago right? But Wyoming definitely makes sense. Was it like the, what part of Wyoming? I've been there before, was
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: would pass for right in the middle of the state,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I've been
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: have mountains but it wasn't the rocky mountains that most people are used to seeing. It's kind of their foothills and yeah
SPEAKER_R: it's really pretty there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh yeah it was gorgeous and the people were so nice, you know it was it was a good place to live except for the weather. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think I liked it when I was there in the summer because like you said it's that like brisk kind of, it's now like when I was in in Wyoming this was the temperature was in the summer. So that was at least nice. But I don't know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: the whole,
SPEAKER_L: hold the night if you're camping. I remember going camping even in of course we only went camping in the summer but at night you have to like stuff things done in the sleeping bag to for your feet and you know so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think the only time I camped was near the Grand Canyon. So that was, it was also really cold because it was like May but in the northern parts of Arizona where it's like really really highly elevated. It's really it's very cold. So that's around where the Grand Canyon is.
SPEAKER_L: And all the wind.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because it's on that plane right before you get to the canyon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I do like the mountains though. We lived in Nevada years ago when I was little and so that's kind of what my idea of of you know normal is. Everything else gets compared to the sierra Nevada's but yeah, I love love the mountains.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I live in I live in southern Arizona now so I've got that like dry heat, hot summers mountains stop in the mountains but they're really close so I can I can see them. I just don't live in them. That's
SPEAKER_L: Is that how you tell directions? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're in every direction but the biggest ones are north of us. So if you look north because it's Tucson, so if you look north you see the Tucson mountains. Yeah but if you look east you see the green content. If you look west you see the uh Saguaro National Park West. If you look south you see like the foothills that lead into Mexico. So you've got mountains in every direction.
SPEAKER_L: No, I bet that's pretty group
SPEAKER_R: it's really
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: putting
SPEAKER_L: however.
SPEAKER_R: I lived here over three years and I still go like to our mountains everywhere. Yeah. Really pretty. I grew up in a cornfield right? So anything is impressive to me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Where was your cornfield?
SPEAKER_R: Uh northwest indiana or by Chicago? Yeah it's old. Not as cold as Wyoming but cold.
SPEAKER_L: we lived, we moved down here to, I'm in Oklahoma nail and we moved here when I was in high school. But I remember for the first several years um I would get I would lose my direction because I was so used to using the mountains, You know, is my guide that and there's just nothing here and I was always about 45° off. So I thought north was east and so it was really, really hard to get my bearings here. But I finally did.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. It's been a little bit since ipod. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I've been to Oklahoma only a couple of times. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I have a huh?
SPEAKER_L: what brought you here?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have a friend who lives in Oklahoma and I was going to visit her. We were going to go to like Lincoln Falls or something. Is that a thing?
SPEAKER_L: It could be down in the southern part of the state.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe that was it, but she was sick so we ended up just driving around. Um So I haven't really gone to see anything, I've just driven around it but I was in Dallas about two months ago so that's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Alice is kind of our next closest big city. So that's everybody knows exactly how how long it takes to get to Dallas. You know, some people say it's four hours and some people say it's 3.5 and if they say it's less than 3.5, you really don't want to let them drive
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah but they're going, they're going to ask
SPEAKER_L: way too fast.
SPEAKER_R: once you've got your red curtains up, are you all ready for christmas or is that just always up?
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: just me. Yeah, I I got all my stuff when I um, I'm not ready to move. I knew I wasn't gonna have help. It was Memorial Day weekend and everybody was busy and I was having to move in a rush. There was a problem with my old landlord and so I wasn't late on the rent, not that you care, but it wasn't that I was having problems with the neighbor upstairs and my lease was up, so I had to had to move or say or sign another leads, you know? And so, um, I just decided I would get rid of everything and start all over here because my stuff is getting old and it was too big and clunky you know, so it did save me money um as opposed to having to hire movers on a holiday like that you know, so I was able to order and I just had everything shipped here and I ordered this little it's a love seat instead of a huge sofa and a terror and these curtains and and all that stuff and it just had it delivered, it was here ready for me in my bed, you know all of it from walmart and and I used the I bought a app So I got at that time it was like 10% off. I mean it was it was pretty good deal, I saved me a lot of money and I had all new stuff so.
SPEAKER_R: That's a substantial. Yeah. I'm always, I have a bunch of receipts from grocery shopping yesterday I had to get four different receipts because if I use my debit card 12 times in a month I get 2% and I don't go to the store that much. So I was like I'll just buy my food from fries and four goes and then I have to find all the different apps to scan them on because I have fetched but I know that there's more so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I use a new sketch and I use coin out and uh I bought it, I bought is my favorite if you have time for one app I bought it is the one and then um let me see here. Yeah. Trying to think. I know there's another one or two checkout 51 is hit and miss. It kind of depends on if you if they have what you like to buy receipt hog is good, you have to um sometimes there's a waiting list to get on that one but if you can just go ahead and sign up and whenever they let you go ahead and do it because it's that's actually saved me quite a bit of money too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very nice. Yeah. The last time one of these I did yesterday we were also going back and forth with like what apps do you use, what do you like, what is your beer money tactic? Yeah, I really like to read it but it's so overwhelming. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I love Reddit
SPEAKER_R: it was down today, I tried to go look at
SPEAKER_L: Poppy.
SPEAKER_R: look at something and it was like down and I was like yeah,
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I I looked at the service page and it looked like it was okay but I just I think it was up later. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was down there early this morning, it was okay but I don't I don't know what happened after that, so what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm currently a student
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so I go to classes and I um also have some students of my own because I'm in grad school and I also am a substitute teacher were the two things that I mostly spend my time with. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So still very early career. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good, that's good. And you you obviously have a lot of gumption to be able to get on here and find ways to make extra money and all that, so we're gonna be okay.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: I think this is the way of the future really, I think everybody is going to be doing like gig work and and you know teaching has been like that for a while, it's it's been more or less contract or freelance or you know like that so you're probably ready for this anyway.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I really, I see people who are going to like I was one of those people right going to get um degrees at college, but then Being really confused when they didn't get a perfect job right away that let them work, like 30 years with a great job and then retire. I'm like, that's not how jobs work anymore.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: They're all getting like automatic ized out. So we have other
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: things to do.
SPEAKER_L: I had one of those and they were beginning to um it's always been like this to to an extent once you hit about 50 at one of those jobs, they begin to look for ways to discourage you from staying. I'll just put it that way that you know they will find a way all of a sudden you're just not eligible for any of the promotions. Or there was one day that I had to uh one week I'm sorry but it was like maybe a total of maybe seven hours that week that I had to use um some of my P. T. O. To help my mother. You know I don't have kids. I don't have any of that stuff that a lot of those women you know I covered for them all those years but I needed to help her. She had pneumonia. She couldn't drive to the doctor so I had to take some time off which they were glad to let me do. But then they used that as an excuse and it's like every time I wanted to. Um, and that all occurred in one week for the next two years and I am not kidding you. Every time I wanted to, you know, talk about, uh, an opportunity that might be coming up. They would say, well, you know, there was that, we don't know what's gonna be going on with your mother. Okay. I mean it's, and that's, they just, it's just like that. So if, if you're really looking at a job to retire, get ready to fight hard there, the harder than it's worth, You know. Uh huh. I just eventually decided, you know, there are other things I can do. So I'm kind of semi retired right now.
SPEAKER_R: What were you doing before? You were semi retired?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I was in financial services and I basically was the call center for my little little corner of the universe. Um, I worked mostly with life insurance and some with disability. And so I was the person people would call to get their accounts straightened out. I took a lot of initial death claims, um, which was interesting. And then, um, those are hard because a lot of times you have to tell people that don't have insurance or, or you're taking them while they're stressing out about how they're going to pay for a funeral or whatever, you know, So I have to welcome through that. And I mean it made me feel good because I was able to help some people. I think the thing I liked the most about that job was I would end up talking to the other spouse. There's usually one spouse who handles the money and then the other spouse, you know, that does other things, but they don't know anything about the money. And if, if that the one who handle the money died first, you this other one would just be, you know, and there were times I had to really walk them through, just real, real basics like this is, you know, let's sit down. Do you know how to do a spreadsheet in excel? Sometimes they would, sometimes they wouldn't, I say it's okay, get your yellow pad, we're gonna make columns in these dates and make a list. You know, let me just real basic stuff because they would be so overwhelmed, you know, with trying to figure everything out all at once, but it really makes you feel good. And then they'll call back in and and they're doing better, you know, a few weeks later. So
SPEAKER_R: it's really great. That's
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: was all, you know, this was happening when the gay marriage became legal, but right before that, and then right after that, there were a lot of gay couples who were trying to navigate this and they were, you know, some were not treated very well by people. And so they would be so relieved when they get me on the phone and I just didn't care. You know what, if you need help, help, let's do this. And uh yeah, I mean, so the things where I got to really personally help people I liked. But then life insurance brings out the worst in people. And she would get people that, I mean the family have even died yet. They'd be there in hospice and they'd be sitting there fighting over the money, a little life insurance policy. And like it's getting, this is the last thing you're going to have this person here you're talking about on earth, you know? Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's actually pretty horrible,
SPEAKER_L: It is horrible. Yeah. I'm glad I don't have to. I did that for Over 25 years, so ready to do something else, something
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: more fun.
SPEAKER_R: So now you do, you do prolific,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I do this and um a lot of these kinds of gig short short tastic work and then um I'm really I want to be an artist, I I've always wanted to do that but I think I've actually found a way that I can make money and probably and possibly carrying myself into retirement. So I've been creating things for the print on demand companies and I've been talking to some other people have been really successful with that and you know, copying them with their permission, not copying the work, but copying how, you know, the process, marketing process and yeah, and I have a feeling better about the, you know, the possibility that that actually could be a way for me to be able to stay home, take care of my parents as long as they need me and then carry me into retirement so. See.
SPEAKER_R: that's, that's awesome. I have a red bubble but I don't I'm not an artist, I just like to be able to put my own quotes on drugs but my sister is an artist and she has one and so she hasn't really marketed for herself but she's really quite good. So I hope she does some time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hope so. Well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I um I learned the other day that I have like increased my salary this year, like my income this year by 50% from last year. Um Which isn't a lot it's not it's a big percent but the actual amount was quite small because I'm a student and I don't make a lot but I was just wondering um like about finances and then like a few months ago I was on a kick of like I need to open my I. R. A. And I need to put stuff in my E. T. F. S. And they need to get my stocks sorted and then I did nothing about it. So I'm still like scouring Reddit to figure out the best ways. But I think I think at some point before april I'll be wanting to put something in my I. R. A. But it's it's just stuff that I never learned about. So when you said finance I was like very important, yep. The stuff
SPEAKER_L: is. And you
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: to have
SPEAKER_R: run.
SPEAKER_L: your own credit and your own accounts and yeah and this is just life experience, always have your own bank account help
SPEAKER_R: always have
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: love. You are have your own money.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I have always had my own account. Um I also have really good credit and I understand how credit cards work and I bought a car in july with my good credit. So that's that's that's better and
SPEAKER_L: Good for you.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Yeah so now I'm just trying to save up some savings and figure out what what where those should go instead of uh savings account because those have no interest. So I'm going to try and put them in stuff that has interests. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well good for you. So
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: what's your degree in?
SPEAKER_R: Um My my bachelor's is in linguistics and my PhD is also going to be in linguistics.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you're planning to teach?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah so I already teach statistics online at the college and then I also like I'm a substitute teacher
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: and I also know a lot of other things. And so I've been reading a lot about people who have made their like own courses on like you Demi or um like not move because the massive, open online courses are like made by universities but the like the own courses people have made. Are you familiar with those? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've never taken one but they look really cool and I think I might take a few like cheap ones just to see what they're like because I think that's also a way I see people are making a ton of money off of those and like I feel like at some point um probably soon like higher ed. It's just gonna, it's so inflated already. It's just gonna be more and more inflated. Um Like, I mean there's obviously some fields where I want people to get a degree, doctors, lawyers and other stuff for like marketing. I mean if you know, if you learn the skill and you have the experience, I'm reading more and more now in like job posts where they're like a degree in two years of experience or five years of experience because you learn everything you need on the job, which is I guess getting those jobs is hard, but
SPEAKER_L: how much of that stuff, By the time you get your degree you're already your skills are already becoming obsolete anyway so you have to stay updated. Skills share is another one that's really popular right now. A lot of these artists I know are on their their trading information about uh I mean not trading but they actually put courses up and people pay to take their courses um all kinds of software um you know how to do procreate and all those different ones and then I mean that's just my world, but there's a whole other realm out there on skill share of all kinds of skills like. Right,
SPEAKER_R: I've been writing down all the stuff that you mentioned because I'm
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: going to go up.
SPEAKER_L: We're checking out anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's also like you domini and maybe other ones. There's so many I never can keep up with all of them. Um But they're they're good to look at and I also I just enjoy like learning about things that aren't what I've learned what I've taken in school. But I mean the thing with with linguistics is it's like an academic, look it's a discipline that's like mostly academic and research so that those skills that I've learned are are still good. They're not obsolete. But like I'm thinking about people who went into like um anything with industry or technology by the time they're five years out of school. Like their skills are like old. Right? And so I agree with that. On the other hand, if you studied spanish it's unlikely to change very much in five years.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It's three.
SPEAKER_R: Right right history finish. Yeah. So I think about that all the time and how higher ed is just so inflated and there's no funding for it. So the tuition has gone way up. So people are taking out so many student loans and how it's so hard to get approved for a car relatively, but anybody can open up 200 grand in student loans and just just go and that's that's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: It is a lot I can repay. I mind the rest of my life, so I'm old. And then what you end up with is there are people my age and older who were paying on student loans for their grandkids, you know, they would Cosign and now they're stuck and you know, I think that's bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean there's there's a difference between like a moderate amount that, you know, we'll go to a like a job, right? Like there are Vocational schools where it's like a $3,000 thing. But then you are a truck driver and truck drivers make great money and most of the time with those things you can get someone to pay for you to get that degree. I'm just thinking about people who got like, like at least like I've got my degree that I continue doing something with it and now I'm going to apply it in whatever I do. But I know people who got degrees in linguistics and now they're like editors for online journals and I'm like, you don't use your, it's great but you're not a degree that you got. So, but I guess I guess it's whatever people want to do.
SPEAKER_L: There are some jobs, they just want you to have a degree. It doesn't even matter what it is. So I mean my, when I worked in my last job, I had to have a degree too. They didn't even care what the degree was in. Just had to be a four year degree.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For the, for a lot of states to be a substitute teacher, um you just have to have a college degree. Like I have a college degree. It's not in anything school related like school subject related, but I can do it also. I've never had to use anything I learned in college too, teaching as a substitute. I've only ever used stuff I learned in high school Like how to write an essay and how to do eight grade enough and how to write a sentence. All things I learned in my own school and I just continued using. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's what teachers did in the early frontier days. You'd have, it was usually girls sometimes, sometimes a boy would do it, But they graduate 8th grade. And if there wasn't anything else for the available for them to do, they become a teacher and they would just teach what they learned and went on like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, now it's a lot harder to Get all the credentials, although there are a lot of states, like Arizona has a major teacher shortage. There's 1700 open teacher jobs, which is a lot, so there's a lot of alternative pathways. Um, meaning like, so you, so you don't, I don't think you have a teaching degree. Right, Okay. But you know, a ton of math, I'm sure. And I mean, you know enough math to teach fifth grade middle school math, algebra and stuff. Right? Yeah. So you could, in theory, like in this state you could just get someone to say, yeah, she did 25 years of financial stuff she could teach, um, like a home, like a financial skills class and middle school math. And then you would have to take a few things about teaching, but then you'd be good, you could just be a teacher, they really need teachers. So I was sub for a teacher who was like a retired retired chemist, like a retired researcher. And it was like no I teach middle school science because she's an expert in science. So yeah, there's a lot of ways to get that kind of certification, which is nice. I think um I don't think just people who go to teacher for your teaching program should be teachers. I think there's like if someone wants to be a teacher and they stick with it, they probably could do a really good job. They just need a little bit of education, but not probably Like, 120°, 100 and um units. Because I think that's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the whole purpose of school is to prepare you for life, not necessarily didn't have a corporate job, you know? But I think someone who has that kind of work experience and those kinds of life skills, it's going to be in a better place to take advantage of those teaching moments, you know, as they come up um in the classroom and the kids have questions about, you know, I don't know just any little thing, but you can turn that into a teaching moment if you have that life experience, if you don't, if you've only ever just gone to school and then on right into the classroom experience is gonna be kind of limited.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think, I think the student teaching program is probably the most effective part of their entire program, which is just, what do you do when you don't know what to do? I think that's the whole point of of that. So yeah, I've thought about getting some sort of teacher certification. I think that'd be really fun.
SPEAKER_L: it at least be nice to have that to fall back on, you know? And if you have your own kids, you never know when you're going to be home schooling them or whatever. We would have seen all this coming down the pike. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not me, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: no, I and my parents are elderly, they're still really, really sharp but this completely took them off guard. I mean it's hard to surprise my parents, you know they have seen it all they were born um just coming out of the depression and here in Oklahoma where they were still going through the depression where my parents were growing up and I mean, so they have really seen it all except this, they never thought anything
SPEAKER_R: Mark,
SPEAKER_L: like this was gonna
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: not true. Right, They were just long enough to miss that, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I mean they heard all about it, you know from their family and everything. So. Yeah, but even that was completely different from this.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think, I think I read something that we're supposed to have as many deaths from the spanish flu as in covid, Which I think there were more than, because right now we're at about 250,000 I think in the US.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's a shame. I do think a lot of those are people who were already, you know in hospice and probably would not have lived very much. I mean I'm not saying it's ok that they died from Covid but um I have noticed I saw some statistics and there actually isn't there, we've had the same number of people die this year. Up to this point as we normally do, you know, with adjusting for the uh population growth. Um We're on track to to have just a normal year. As far as numbers of deaths
SPEAKER_R: I see. Well then that probably, it's probably being offset by like drunk drivers um od'ing from like medication, gunshot wounds, right? Like it's probably being offset by the things people aren't doing because they're not going outside.
SPEAKER_L: probably. And then, you know like if someone has had the flu and they went in the hospital and got Covid, I mean I'm sure that's a really common the flu or just about any other kind of disease. They probably got Covid after they got into the hospital and the hospital would have recorded that as a as a covid death. No, I mean the C. D. C. Said that's what they were doing. If the person tested positive for Covid, they were recording those as Covid does at least for a period of time. I don't know if they're still doing that. So a lot of the people that would have you know but if there's no way to know if somebody would have made it anyway and for a little while longer. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Well not for one person, but I imagine like long term, you can look at like the normal, we get this many drunk driving deaths related to drunk drivers, maybe 2000, I don't know. But then this year we only had 500 but 1500 of the, like it all kind of averages out. So that's really interesting that we're the same number of deaths, I think. I think it's new and I think we have campaigns like mothers against drunk driving and, you know, campaigns um, and like protocols and like things in place to like fight the, like deaths from drunk drivers and I don't know why that's the only one I can think of but like gunshots and like homicide and overdose. Like we have things in place for that and they're not super preventable because they're an individual person's choice. But this one it's like it's like the vaccine thing right? Like protecting your community and the people you see and yeah it's really hard. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: was getting so upset about the the numbers of cases that they have. And I reminded her I said you know mama if if everybody were required to get tested for the flu and the common cold and shingles and you know all these things that people get and well I think I think you have to get treated for shingles. But those other things if you don't have severe symptoms you never go get tested. Even if you go to a doctor they typically aren't going to test you. They're going to go up looks like you have the flu or Yeah, it looks like you have, you know, and if as long as you can treat it without having to actually one hospital, you know? And so but with Covid being this new thing and people are mandatory tests for for people so that a lot of people who didn't even know they were sick are testing positive for Covid. So, but we would have those same kinds of numbers for all these other things. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well I think more more more people are dying more more of a like you're okay. Someone has more of a chance of dying of covid than of the flu. Like in general when you look at how many people are infected and I think that's the scary part and it's also bad like my um I know some one uh no doctor and she was telling me like you know Ebola never could have done something like this because we had four whole cases come into the U. S. And they have to be transmitted by bodily fluid not just the air or not just respiratory stuff. And also if you have Ebola you know it right and it kills you before you can get anyone else sick on like this where half the people don't know they have it and even if they you know they have it like they can pass off like they don't have it and it's easily transmittable and yeah so it's just a big mess.
SPEAKER_L: It is a big mess. I'm glad that they're coming out with that vaccine that will help let's go to calm people down. You know, and that's there's a certain amount of stress that's just not good for any of us.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I agree.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it looks like we made it to R 25 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Rough. Well
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's been really
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: want to talk
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: thank you have a wonderful evening and thank you for all the tips.
SPEAKER_L: You bet that I good luck.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Bye bye.