Hello?
Um I'm I'm good, how are you doing?
Yeah. Yeah even though I had the day off I was somehow as busy as ever. Mhm. Yeah.
those are the hunt on as well.
Okay. That's going to get worse again.
Yeah I wasn't expecting that in europe because they were doing really, really well at the beginning and I guess it just changed. Yeah I uncle the midwest is apparently bad now. Yeah.
Yeah there's only so much we can do. Yeah.
he's a postman so he delivers the mail.
Yeah. Well um how's the weather been for you today?
Yeah me too.
It's good here it's about the same about 65 warm and sunny. Um still jacket weather because it's a dry 65. Yeah. So um I was just curious because you said you've been busy and I was like well is it really cold where you are? It's been snowing like I know it's been snowing in parts of the upper midwest.
I'm
uh huh. What year was that? Was it recently or was
it?
That's what they do though.
Yeah. I don't know. I think, I don't think I've ever been snowden on an easter when I lived near Chicago right? But Wyoming definitely makes sense. Was it like the, what part of Wyoming? I've been there before, was
it?
Okay. Yeah, I've been
there.
it's really pretty there.
I think I liked it when I was there in the summer because like you said it's that like brisk kind of, it's now like when I was in in Wyoming this was the temperature was in the summer. So that was at least nice. But I don't know. Yeah,
I think
the whole,
Yeah. I think the only time I camped was near the Grand Canyon. So that was, it was also really cold because it was like May but in the northern parts of Arizona where it's like really really highly elevated. It's really it's very cold. So that's around where the Grand Canyon is.
Yeah because it's on that plane right before you get to the canyon. Yeah.
Yeah. I live in I live in southern Arizona now so I've got that like dry heat, hot summers mountains stop in the mountains but they're really close so I can I can see them. I just don't live in them. That's
they're in every direction but the biggest ones are north of us. So if you look north because it's Tucson, so if you look north you see the Tucson mountains. Yeah but if you look east you see the green content. If you look west you see the uh Saguaro National Park West. If you look south you see like the foothills that lead into Mexico. So you've got mountains in every direction.
it's really
putting
I lived here over three years and I still go like to our mountains everywhere. Yeah. Really pretty. I grew up in a cornfield right? So anything is impressive to me. Yeah.
Uh northwest indiana or by Chicago? Yeah it's old. Not as cold as Wyoming but cold.
Well that's good. It's been a little bit since ipod. Yeah,
I've been to Oklahoma only a couple of times. Yeah.
I have a huh?
Um I have a friend who lives in Oklahoma and I was going to visit her. We were going to go to like Lincoln Falls or something. Is that a thing?
Maybe that was it, but she was sick so we ended up just driving around. Um So I haven't really gone to see anything, I've just driven around it but I was in Dallas about two months ago so that's yeah.
Yeah. Yeah but they're going, they're going to ask
once you've got your red curtains up, are you all ready for christmas or is that just always up?
Thanks.
That's a substantial. Yeah. I'm always, I have a bunch of receipts from grocery shopping yesterday I had to get four different receipts because if I use my debit card 12 times in a month I get 2% and I don't go to the store that much. So I was like I'll just buy my food from fries and four goes and then I have to find all the different apps to scan them on because I have fetched but I know that there's more so
Very nice. Yeah. The last time one of these I did yesterday we were also going back and forth with like what apps do you use, what do you like, what is your beer money tactic? Yeah, I really like to read it but it's so overwhelming. Yeah. Um
it was down today, I tried to go look at
look at something and it was like down and I was like yeah,
I don't know, I I looked at the service page and it looked like it was okay but I just I think it was up later. Yeah.
so I'm currently a student
so I go to classes and I um also have some students of my own because I'm in grad school and I also am a substitute teacher were the two things that I mostly spend my time with. Mhm.
Yeah.
So still very early career. Okay.
I hope so.
I think so. I really, I see people who are going to like I was one of those people right going to get um degrees at college, but then Being really confused when they didn't get a perfect job right away that let them work, like 30 years with a great job and then retire. I'm like, that's not how jobs work anymore.
They're all getting like automatic ized out. So we have other
things to do.
What were you doing before? You were semi retired?
it's really great. That's
like,
that's actually pretty horrible,
No.
So now you do, you do prolific,
that's, that's awesome. I have a red bubble but I don't I'm not an artist, I just like to be able to put my own quotes on drugs but my sister is an artist and she has one and so she hasn't really marketed for herself but she's really quite good. So I hope she does some time. Mhm.
Yeah. I don't know. I um I learned the other day that I have like increased my salary this year, like my income this year by 50% from last year. Um Which isn't a lot it's not it's a big percent but the actual amount was quite small because I'm a student and I don't make a lot but I was just wondering um like about finances and then like a few months ago I was on a kick of like I need to open my I. R. A. And I need to put stuff in my E. T. F. S. And they need to get my stocks sorted and then I did nothing about it. So I'm still like scouring Reddit to figure out the best ways. But I think I think at some point before april I'll be wanting to put something in my I. R. A. But it's it's just stuff that I never learned about. So when you said finance I was like very important, yep. The stuff
that
I didn't
run.
always have
thing.
Oh yeah I have always had my own account. Um I also have really good credit and I understand how credit cards work and I bought a car in july with my good credit. So that's that's that's better and
thank you. Yeah so now I'm just trying to save up some savings and figure out what what where those should go instead of uh savings account because those have no interest. So I'm going to try and put them in stuff that has interests. Yeah.
Thanks.
Um My my bachelor's is in linguistics and my PhD is also going to be in linguistics.
Um Yeah so I already teach statistics online at the college and then I also like I'm a substitute teacher
and I also know a lot of other things. And so I've been reading a lot about people who have made their like own courses on like you Demi or um like not move because the massive, open online courses are like made by universities but the like the own courses people have made. Are you familiar with those? Yeah,
I've never taken one but they look really cool and I think I might take a few like cheap ones just to see what they're like because I think that's also a way I see people are making a ton of money off of those and like I feel like at some point um probably soon like higher ed. It's just gonna, it's so inflated already. It's just gonna be more and more inflated. Um Like, I mean there's obviously some fields where I want people to get a degree, doctors, lawyers and other stuff for like marketing. I mean if you know, if you learn the skill and you have the experience, I'm reading more and more now in like job posts where they're like a degree in two years of experience or five years of experience because you learn everything you need on the job, which is I guess getting those jobs is hard, but
I've been writing down all the stuff that you mentioned because I'm
going to go up.
Yeah. There's also like you domini and maybe other ones. There's so many I never can keep up with all of them. Um But they're they're good to look at and I also I just enjoy like learning about things that aren't what I've learned what I've taken in school. But I mean the thing with with linguistics is it's like an academic, look it's a discipline that's like mostly academic and research so that those skills that I've learned are are still good. They're not obsolete. But like I'm thinking about people who went into like um anything with industry or technology by the time they're five years out of school. Like their skills are like old. Right? And so I agree with that. On the other hand, if you studied spanish it's unlikely to change very much in five years.
Right right history finish. Yeah. So I think about that all the time and how higher ed is just so inflated and there's no funding for it. So the tuition has gone way up. So people are taking out so many student loans and how it's so hard to get approved for a car relatively, but anybody can open up 200 grand in student loans and just just go and that's that's a lot.
Yeah. I mean there's there's a difference between like a moderate amount that, you know, we'll go to a like a job, right? Like there are Vocational schools where it's like a $3,000 thing. But then you are a truck driver and truck drivers make great money and most of the time with those things you can get someone to pay for you to get that degree. I'm just thinking about people who got like, like at least like I've got my degree that I continue doing something with it and now I'm going to apply it in whatever I do. But I know people who got degrees in linguistics and now they're like editors for online journals and I'm like, you don't use your, it's great but you're not a degree that you got. So, but I guess I guess it's whatever people want to do.
Yeah. For the, for a lot of states to be a substitute teacher, um you just have to have a college degree. Like I have a college degree. It's not in anything school related like school subject related, but I can do it also. I've never had to use anything I learned in college too, teaching as a substitute. I've only ever used stuff I learned in high school Like how to write an essay and how to do eight grade enough and how to write a sentence. All things I learned in my own school and I just continued using. Yeah,
Yeah, now it's a lot harder to Get all the credentials, although there are a lot of states, like Arizona has a major teacher shortage. There's 1700 open teacher jobs, which is a lot, so there's a lot of alternative pathways. Um, meaning like, so you, so you don't, I don't think you have a teaching degree. Right, Okay. But you know, a ton of math, I'm sure. And I mean, you know enough math to teach fifth grade middle school math, algebra and stuff. Right? Yeah. So you could, in theory, like in this state you could just get someone to say, yeah, she did 25 years of financial stuff she could teach, um, like a home, like a financial skills class and middle school math. And then you would have to take a few things about teaching, but then you'd be good, you could just be a teacher, they really need teachers. So I was sub for a teacher who was like a retired retired chemist, like a retired researcher. And it was like no I teach middle school science because she's an expert in science. So yeah, there's a lot of ways to get that kind of certification, which is nice. I think um I don't think just people who go to teacher for your teaching program should be teachers. I think there's like if someone wants to be a teacher and they stick with it, they probably could do a really good job. They just need a little bit of education, but not probably Like, 120°, 100 and um units. Because I think that's a lot.
Yeah, I think, I think the student teaching program is probably the most effective part of their entire program, which is just, what do you do when you don't know what to do? I think that's the whole point of of that. So yeah, I've thought about getting some sort of teacher certification. I think that'd be really fun.
Yeah. Not me, that's for sure.
Mark,
that's
not true. Right, They were just long enough to miss that, so.
Well, I think, I think I read something that we're supposed to have as many deaths from the spanish flu as in covid, Which I think there were more than, because right now we're at about 250,000 I think in the US.
I see. Well then that probably, it's probably being offset by like drunk drivers um od'ing from like medication, gunshot wounds, right? Like it's probably being offset by the things people aren't doing because they're not going outside.
Yeah, Well not for one person, but I imagine like long term, you can look at like the normal, we get this many drunk driving deaths related to drunk drivers, maybe 2000, I don't know. But then this year we only had 500 but 1500 of the, like it all kind of averages out. So that's really interesting that we're the same number of deaths, I think. I think it's new and I think we have campaigns like mothers against drunk driving and, you know, campaigns um, and like protocols and like things in place to like fight the, like deaths from drunk drivers and I don't know why that's the only one I can think of but like gunshots and like homicide and overdose. Like we have things in place for that and they're not super preventable because they're an individual person's choice. But this one it's like it's like the vaccine thing right? Like protecting your community and the people you see and yeah it's really hard. Yeah.
Well I think more more more people are dying more more of a like you're okay. Someone has more of a chance of dying of covid than of the flu. Like in general when you look at how many people are infected and I think that's the scary part and it's also bad like my um I know some one uh no doctor and she was telling me like you know Ebola never could have done something like this because we had four whole cases come into the U. S. And they have to be transmitted by bodily fluid not just the air or not just respiratory stuff. And also if you have Ebola you know it right and it kills you before you can get anyone else sick on like this where half the people don't know they have it and even if they you know they have it like they can pass off like they don't have it and it's easily transmittable and yeah so it's just a big mess.
Yeah I agree.
definitely. Rough. Well
it's been really
want to talk
thank you have a wonderful evening and thank you for all the tips.
Thank you so much.