Mhm. Yeah. Yeah I gotta write it over forgetting. Yeah. Mhm. Hi
how are you?
Okay. It has been a crazy busy day.
I was just finishing up a finishing up a text smart Alec one.
I'm not gonna, somebody was making a joke about there might be a toilet paper rationing and actually I've already heard on the news. There's a lot of the stores are are are preparing for that. There's a limit to how much toilet paper you can. Bye.
That's what they're thinking. Yeah with this you know they're talking about lockdowns in europe and all that so they don't know if it's going to happen here or you know what?
I have a feeling it's just the type of thing that's going to have to run its course you know.
so today was veteran's Day and I have been crazy, crazy busy, all kinds of yeah we had all kinds, my dad's a post commander at DFW here and and so we had he had me going from early morning to I just got home and then you want to send pictures to everybody. We got her doing
he's with the veterans of foreign wars in today's veterans Day so they were having all kinds of celebrations and things and then of course since since I was there you know we have all these errands we need to run and and all that. So I just got home
it is gorgeous, it really feels like fall when we woke up it was close to freezing but it hadn't frozen yet And um and then it got up in the 60s which to me is just perfect you know
I don't have to wear a coat and and all that so how is it there?
we lived in Wyoming for about seven years and I loved it. I mean the people were wonderful and everything but I do not miss that weather. Oh the last
year we were there on easter we had to shovel ourselves out.
No
this was in the 80s, we moved down here in 83 so it was that easter yeah and uh we lived on this cold a sack and um we got everything shoveled and then the snowplow came down the road and scooped all that snow right back up into the driveway were so bad.
I know I think it just was worse because it was easter, everybody's looking around going ho ho happy easter mm.
it
would pass for right in the middle of the state,
we
have mountains but it wasn't the rocky mountains that most people are used to seeing. It's kind of their foothills and yeah
yeah. Oh yeah it was gorgeous and the people were so nice, you know it was it was a good place to live except for the weather. Yeah.
it
can
hold the night if you're camping. I remember going camping even in of course we only went camping in the summer but at night you have to like stuff things done in the sleeping bag to for your feet and you know so.
And all the wind.
Yeah. I do like the mountains though. We lived in Nevada years ago when I was little and so that's kind of what my idea of of you know normal is. Everything else gets compared to the sierra Nevada's but yeah, I love love the mountains.
Is that how you tell directions? Yeah.
No, I bet that's pretty group
that
however.
Where was your cornfield?
we lived, we moved down here to, I'm in Oklahoma nail and we moved here when I was in high school. But I remember for the first several years um I would get I would lose my direction because I was so used to using the mountains, You know, is my guide that and there's just nothing here and I was always about 45° off. So I thought north was east and so it was really, really hard to get my bearings here. But I finally did.
Uh huh.
But
what brought you here?
It could be down in the southern part of the state.
Alice is kind of our next closest big city. So that's everybody knows exactly how how long it takes to get to Dallas. You know, some people say it's four hours and some people say it's 3.5 and if they say it's less than 3.5, you really don't want to let them drive
way too fast.
That's
just me. Yeah, I I got all my stuff when I um, I'm not ready to move. I knew I wasn't gonna have help. It was Memorial Day weekend and everybody was busy and I was having to move in a rush. There was a problem with my old landlord and so I wasn't late on the rent, not that you care, but it wasn't that I was having problems with the neighbor upstairs and my lease was up, so I had to had to move or say or sign another leads, you know? And so, um, I just decided I would get rid of everything and start all over here because my stuff is getting old and it was too big and clunky you know, so it did save me money um as opposed to having to hire movers on a holiday like that you know, so I was able to order and I just had everything shipped here and I ordered this little it's a love seat instead of a huge sofa and a terror and these curtains and and all that stuff and it just had it delivered, it was here ready for me in my bed, you know all of it from walmart and and I used the I bought a app So I got at that time it was like 10% off. I mean it was it was pretty good deal, I saved me a lot of money and I had all new stuff so.
Oh yeah, I use a new sketch and I use coin out and uh I bought it, I bought is my favorite if you have time for one app I bought it is the one and then um let me see here. Yeah. Trying to think. I know there's another one or two checkout 51 is hit and miss. It kind of depends on if you if they have what you like to buy receipt hog is good, you have to um sometimes there's a waiting list to get on that one but if you can just go ahead and sign up and whenever they let you go ahead and do it because it's that's actually saved me quite a bit of money too. Yeah.
Oh yeah I love Reddit
Poppy.
goodness.
I was down there early this morning, it was okay but I don't I don't know what happened after that, so what do you do for a living?
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well that's good, that's good. And you you obviously have a lot of gumption to be able to get on here and find ways to make extra money and all that, so we're gonna be okay.
I think this is the way of the future really, I think everybody is going to be doing like gig work and and you know teaching has been like that for a while, it's it's been more or less contract or freelance or you know like that so you're probably ready for this anyway.
no
I mean
I had one of those and they were beginning to um it's always been like this to to an extent once you hit about 50 at one of those jobs, they begin to look for ways to discourage you from staying. I'll just put it that way that you know they will find a way all of a sudden you're just not eligible for any of the promotions. Or there was one day that I had to uh one week I'm sorry but it was like maybe a total of maybe seven hours that week that I had to use um some of my P. T. O. To help my mother. You know I don't have kids. I don't have any of that stuff that a lot of those women you know I covered for them all those years but I needed to help her. She had pneumonia. She couldn't drive to the doctor so I had to take some time off which they were glad to let me do. But then they used that as an excuse and it's like every time I wanted to. Um, and that all occurred in one week for the next two years and I am not kidding you. Every time I wanted to, you know, talk about, uh, an opportunity that might be coming up. They would say, well, you know, there was that, we don't know what's gonna be going on with your mother. Okay. I mean it's, and that's, they just, it's just like that. So if, if you're really looking at a job to retire, get ready to fight hard there, the harder than it's worth, You know. Uh huh. I just eventually decided, you know, there are other things I can do. So I'm kind of semi retired right now.
Um, I was in financial services and I basically was the call center for my little little corner of the universe. Um, I worked mostly with life insurance and some with disability. And so I was the person people would call to get their accounts straightened out. I took a lot of initial death claims, um, which was interesting. And then, um, those are hard because a lot of times you have to tell people that don't have insurance or, or you're taking them while they're stressing out about how they're going to pay for a funeral or whatever, you know, So I have to welcome through that. And I mean it made me feel good because I was able to help some people. I think the thing I liked the most about that job was I would end up talking to the other spouse. There's usually one spouse who handles the money and then the other spouse, you know, that does other things, but they don't know anything about the money. And if, if that the one who handle the money died first, you this other one would just be, you know, and there were times I had to really walk them through, just real, real basics like this is, you know, let's sit down. Do you know how to do a spreadsheet in excel? Sometimes they would, sometimes they wouldn't, I say it's okay, get your yellow pad, we're gonna make columns in these dates and make a list. You know, let me just real basic stuff because they would be so overwhelmed, you know, with trying to figure everything out all at once, but it really makes you feel good. And then they'll call back in and and they're doing better, you know, a few weeks later. So
this
was all, you know, this was happening when the gay marriage became legal, but right before that, and then right after that, there were a lot of gay couples who were trying to navigate this and they were, you know, some were not treated very well by people. And so they would be so relieved when they get me on the phone and I just didn't care. You know what, if you need help, help, let's do this. And uh yeah, I mean, so the things where I got to really personally help people I liked. But then life insurance brings out the worst in people. And she would get people that, I mean the family have even died yet. They'd be there in hospice and they'd be sitting there fighting over the money, a little life insurance policy. And like it's getting, this is the last thing you're going to have this person here you're talking about on earth, you know? Right. Yeah.
It is horrible. Yeah. I'm glad I don't have to. I did that for Over 25 years, so ready to do something else, something
more fun.
Yeah, I do this and um a lot of these kinds of gig short short tastic work and then um I'm really I want to be an artist, I I've always wanted to do that but I think I've actually found a way that I can make money and probably and possibly carrying myself into retirement. So I've been creating things for the print on demand companies and I've been talking to some other people have been really successful with that and you know, copying them with their permission, not copying the work, but copying how, you know, the process, marketing process and yeah, and I have a feeling better about the, you know, the possibility that that actually could be a way for me to be able to stay home, take care of my parents as long as they need me and then carry me into retirement so. See.
hope so. Well
is. And you
want
to have
your own credit and your own accounts and yeah and this is just life experience, always have your own bank account help
in
love. You are have your own money.
Good for you.
Well good for you. So
what's your degree in?
Yeah. So you're planning to teach?
absolutely.
Yeah.
how much of that stuff, By the time you get your degree you're already your skills are already becoming obsolete anyway so you have to stay updated. Skills share is another one that's really popular right now. A lot of these artists I know are on their their trading information about uh I mean not trading but they actually put courses up and people pay to take their courses um all kinds of software um you know how to do procreate and all those different ones and then I mean that's just my world, but there's a whole other realm out there on skill share of all kinds of skills like. Right,
good.
We're checking out anyway.
All right. It's three.
It is a lot I can repay. I mind the rest of my life, so I'm old. And then what you end up with is there are people my age and older who were paying on student loans for their grandkids, you know, they would Cosign and now they're stuck and you know, I think that's bad.
There are some jobs, they just want you to have a degree. It doesn't even matter what it is. So I mean my, when I worked in my last job, I had to have a degree too. They didn't even care what the degree was in. Just had to be a four year degree.
that's what teachers did in the early frontier days. You'd have, it was usually girls sometimes, sometimes a boy would do it, But they graduate 8th grade. And if there wasn't anything else for the available for them to do, they become a teacher and they would just teach what they learned and went on like that.
I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the whole purpose of school is to prepare you for life, not necessarily didn't have a corporate job, you know? But I think someone who has that kind of work experience and those kinds of life skills, it's going to be in a better place to take advantage of those teaching moments, you know, as they come up um in the classroom and the kids have questions about, you know, I don't know just any little thing, but you can turn that into a teaching moment if you have that life experience, if you don't, if you've only ever just gone to school and then on right into the classroom experience is gonna be kind of limited.
it at least be nice to have that to fall back on, you know? And if you have your own kids, you never know when you're going to be home schooling them or whatever. We would have seen all this coming down the pike. Huh?
no, I and my parents are elderly, they're still really, really sharp but this completely took them off guard. I mean it's hard to surprise my parents, you know they have seen it all they were born um just coming out of the depression and here in Oklahoma where they were still going through the depression where my parents were growing up and I mean, so they have really seen it all except this, they never thought anything
like this was gonna
happen.
Yeah. But I mean they heard all about it, you know from their family and everything. So. Yeah, but even that was completely different from this.
Yeah. Yeah. That's a shame. I do think a lot of those are people who were already, you know in hospice and probably would not have lived very much. I mean I'm not saying it's ok that they died from Covid but um I have noticed I saw some statistics and there actually isn't there, we've had the same number of people die this year. Up to this point as we normally do, you know, with adjusting for the uh population growth. Um We're on track to to have just a normal year. As far as numbers of deaths
probably. And then, you know like if someone has had the flu and they went in the hospital and got Covid, I mean I'm sure that's a really common the flu or just about any other kind of disease. They probably got Covid after they got into the hospital and the hospital would have recorded that as a as a covid death. No, I mean the C. D. C. Said that's what they were doing. If the person tested positive for Covid, they were recording those as Covid does at least for a period of time. I don't know if they're still doing that. So a lot of the people that would have you know but if there's no way to know if somebody would have made it anyway and for a little while longer. But
was getting so upset about the the numbers of cases that they have. And I reminded her I said you know mama if if everybody were required to get tested for the flu and the common cold and shingles and you know all these things that people get and well I think I think you have to get treated for shingles. But those other things if you don't have severe symptoms you never go get tested. Even if you go to a doctor they typically aren't going to test you. They're going to go up looks like you have the flu or Yeah, it looks like you have, you know, and if as long as you can treat it without having to actually one hospital, you know? And so but with Covid being this new thing and people are mandatory tests for for people so that a lot of people who didn't even know they were sick are testing positive for Covid. So, but we would have those same kinds of numbers for all these other things. Um
It is a big mess. I'm glad that they're coming out with that vaccine that will help let's go to calm people down. You know, and that's there's a certain amount of stress that's just not good for any of us.
Well, it looks like we made it to R 25 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
with
you.
You bet that I good luck.
Uh huh. Bye bye.