I must go to the person here. Okay. Trip. Okay. I'm gonna go. Okay, honey. Yeah. Thank you, I think. Mhm. Yeah. President. Thank. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Trouble. I've been avoiding all running away a little what? Oh, yeah, yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Um mm hmm. All right. Uh huh. But yeah. Hello?
I can
They didn't really, they didn't give us much of anything at all.
Bottom.
Yeah. We had a little bit of snow here in texas, but it didn't stick to nothing
as well. Texas.
right.
How
are
we
done
or
stop? That's cool.
All
Okay.
And
you?
Uh huh. Yes, that it is, You can drive like 10 hours and not leave the state.
It's crazy to me too. Especially cause I'm originally from new york. And so the fact that I'm in such a bigger state, in such a different status, interesting. Right?
Queens. Mhm.
right. Been up there once. Mm hmm.
That's cool.
I
didn't even
realize that the grave was something that was up there. That might be something for me to listen to.
That's cool.
whole lot. Especially not in winter though far winter has been like 70°,, so it's not really winter. Um But mostly it's all the like normal country type activities, fishing, things like that, so I don't do a whole lot of that my husband does if Yeah.
The same way that is when I first came down from New York to here and it was like 50° and I'm still walking around in shorts and they're like it's freezing 50°.. What are you talking about?
I took my nieces to see that recently.
You were
I did. That was actually really good sequel and I don't normally watch Disney type Sequels, but that was good. Yeah,
I did too.
I just started so, so far. So good
bam.
talking.
That's totally fair.
I do I have many yeah, currently I'm actually like sitting right next door to my outside cats because they can't be near anything fabric so they live in our garage. Um But other than them, I have three cats that live in the house and four dogs that live in the house. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um I have a chocolate lab Sheltie mix, a general bird dog, mutt things. She's like four different breeds of hunting dog and he never been hunting in her life, so that's
interesting. Um I have a pit bull and I have a chula. Yes.
And then forget along. The pit bull doesn't like to travel but the trial doesn't like her either, so that's okay.
they do. They used to tell she just always attacked the pit bull and I'm like, you realize she can eat you, right?
That is horrible.
huh
Well, that was like
that
people she notes. Yeah. She doesn't really want your attention stuff. She just wants to lay somewhere semi near you and that's about it.
My bird dog will bark at everything. It could be a moving leaf and she'll bark at it.
Yeah, but she's also the one that we make fun of because somewhere along the way she thought that like if she looks the door, it will open because I guess it happened once. So now she wants inside or whatever, she'll start looking the door and I'm like, really? All
yep. I don't know where she got this, but that's her association. So she wants inside of her outside. She licked the door like well
whatever. At least you're telling me you want places.
Um I am a customer service trip for a manufacturing plant, which I've been knowing for 2.5 years now, which I don't mind. It, it's a job and I like my coworkers. So it works.
like a fair amount, which is interesting
because I don't really like phones or anything like that. But I work customer service where I have to answer phones, I don't know what happened here, but whatever.
And what about you? What do you do? Yeah,
that's cool.
that's cool. My
mama yo
like yeah, I only really like video chat experience is like my job will have big meetings where we end up in a videoconference, but it's usually like we're sitting in a conference room with a group of people and then there's also somebody on a video because
our
corporate
offices
Missouri or michigan or something like that so they have to video check into us if they want to talk to us.
what
happened?
I oh
I do, my dad still lives there, I've been trying to convince them to move down here for since I moved down here but it seems to be a lost effort. He's very stuck in his ways of that. He grew up and lived his hold on New York and he doesn't want to move at 64 years old, which I get but considering
he's the only one left but there is more of the, well if you want to be in your family you're going to have to come here.
Um Not I'm on the outskirts of a large metropolitan area, so because I'm on like the experts of Fort Worth, so. Oh,
which would be fair, but now it
wouldn't
be like too much of a culture shock to him. I think it was just like because he's also much of a home body, so it's not like overly a big change for him, he's like I wouldn't be able to go anywhere, do anything, I was like you don't go anywhere, do anything now. What's the difference here?
pretty much.
I know that if we wanted to go somewhere and do something I could get there, I was like well true, but you can do that here too because I have a car, so you know. Yeah. Mhm.
But I get it.
when they've been familiar for that long, I totally get it. Yeah,
I
don't,
not really, it was, my mother lived down here and I hadn't really had any relationship with her growing up. So it was a come down here, see if we have some sort of relationship which we don't but that is what it is and but I then I started college down here and my husband and well now I'm here. Uh huh. Right.
I never expected to be living in my life in texas but you know
or married to it texas country boy but you know there's that too.
that's cool. Yeah.
My husband lived up in Washington for six or 7 months before I met him but he was like again texas boy so he had to come back which I get
see it. Yeah.
Um Only a very little bit.
So yeah.
That's cool,
definitely cheese. That's kind of a think
you're known
for.
Have
a chance to look at Wisconsin yet one day I will, I like to visit the States at some point. So
That would be, I would love to see that too then it could have been trying to get to California since I was 13. I got about halfway there and got stuck.
Second thanks.
I am sorry about halfway across the country, but I think that's as far as I get to my goals in California, I might visit now but I'm never going to live there. So Yeah.
You know everybody lots of things and my supervisor actually moved here from California four years ago or so and then her son who still lived in California just moved to Austin this year. Yeah, it's
getting less and update them California and well now I get nothing because she no longer has people there. Mhm.
don't want them to but I'm not like in contact with any of them, so it's just one of those I know they just out there somewhere. Yeah.
No
ours are more just like any time there's a big huge family event we'll all get together and Like the last one recently was my grandmother's funeral, she was like 94, but we've all got to get that and a bunch of people showed up, I was like oh yeah I'm related to all of you people. Yeah. Uh
sounds about
my grandfather had eight siblings, so there's a lot of offshoots on the family, No one town related to you again.
yeah,
it's hard because all of mine are offshoots because like I have an uncle but he didn't have any kids so I'm like you're related to me through some siblings somewhere, just I'm not quite sure where you came from because they're
not
from
my dad
and his mother, therefore.
I'm rewatching Lucifer because I just got my husband watching it. That's been a fun rewatch for me. Especially saying his intentions to some of it,
you should, it's fun. Um And I've been reading a book series called The Black Dagger Brotherhood, which I mostly called by vampire erotica novels, so yeah.
Well
I
didn't do it. Mhm.
Oh I love what's my time and the most recent fan fiction readers? A Buffy one, so yeah,
that's cool.
Sounds like my husband. Uh huh.
I've
never rolling into charm, but He loves it and he's watching the new 12 and everything, so Yeah,
okay I'm currently getting my 10 year old niece into Buffy. So it's really funny because like she's not usually here, so I only will only watch it every now and then and never remember where we stopped and the last time I started on an episode and it opened with Buffy killing a vampire in a graveyard and my niece goes hey remember this episode I went how how would you remember this episode just from vampire in graveyard? That is like every Buffy
episode?
Yeah the one that was created. Yeah
that was an interesting storyline though, you'd be one of the very few who actually like that storyline. Yeah
and everybody
else is what is this, you're throwing a random sister in here after five years. What?
But what?
That's fair.
it was re watch of all the harry potter movies because my sister and her brother hadn't seen all of them so we had all sit as a household and watch the movies again,
Well he was here for like he's here for like two days a week, almost every week, so it's one of the hosts. All right, these two days are going to be sitting here watching this movie,
he doesn't does too like before we started the harry potter movie. See I just watching all of this series of flash, I was like all right, well you made us watch a long series of thing now you get to watch the long series of thing,
Before
I watched that one I want to do, I just never got there.
that's fair.
and it is her that was a really good show at least up until the last season, which got very weird.
I did do
random my screen, yeah, you were still here,
mm
Yes,
I love that name.
Is this
name? Okay,
purpose.
Yeah,
so much.
But there was also the aisles and Buffy and then there was the Tv show Oz, which was a whole other thing. But I also like that pretty much like everything that's a reference to others apparently. Uh huh.
Thanks.
he did
willow.
and then he also turned out to be aware wolf. So you know,
just
make
he doesn't get bit by any of his cousins and you'll be fine because because that's how ours became, where offers his little cousin bit him. Yeah,
so
just
he
doesn't get any of his cousins and I think you'll be good. Yeah. Um
Well I am
silly.
Sydney S. Y.
N. I
eat,
thank you.
No it was a
nickname I got given at 14 and then I changed it to be my actual name because I didn't
like my actual name. Yeah.
Thank you.
talking
to you as
well.
You have a good rest of your weekend.
Well
today I'm enjoying my cold weather because I like cold. So yeah, I know that.
You, too.