can you hear me? No, let's say yeah, here we know
I can. Okay cool. Turn up the volume a little bit. I thought I would try headphones but it wasn't working very well. So yeah, anyway, um I don't know if I gave us talking points.
Um so let's say, well I'm in Wisconsin where we just had an ice storm overnight.
Um then we got a little snow, so that was nice.
What?
It's a texas. Yeah, yeah, I understand. Um I wondered I saw the cowboys flag so I thought oh maybe it's maybe someone in texas back. Yeah. Yes,
sure. Um that's yeah and my son is playing with his little friend who lives on the block and
watching Beauty and
the
Beast.
Uh he is 2.5 right?
So yeah, it's kind of fun. They're hanging out doing legos and I don't know what else
yeah, they went sledding this morning. So
that was, yeah.
And um you said you live in texas, I've never
been
to texas. Um but it's very large as I recall.
That's insane.
Yeah. I bet. Where in new york are you from?
I was in New york city once. Not, I don't think I've been to queens. Um I've been to like Rochester new york as well.
I had a meeting for work and it was at the university out there. Uh
Yeah, it's kind of fun. I had wanted to go and see if I could find Susan b Anthony's grave but I did not have time. Uh huh. Yeah. Um
So
what
Yeah, she she was from it in that region. Um Yeah. So yeah, but
what do you, what do you do in texas for fun? Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. Um Yeah. Uh Sounds kind of weird. It's been, I grew up in Northern Wisconsin and we always had a lot of snow and down here it's kind of, you'll get snow intermittently be cold otherwise. But this one has been really weird. It's been really warm for us at lake Upper 40s to like 50 and here. And you'll see students like you can tell the students who are from Wisconsin because you'll see them in shorts and then the students who are not from Wisconsin and you'll see them in like these giant park as and yeah
right it's like so warm to us. Yeah. Um Let's say we I went to see frozen recently frozen too. Yeah.
Yeah. What did you think? Did
you like it?
Yeah I like the music in it. No
butte. Yeah. Um Yeah I don't know. How was your weekend?
Yeah and uh it's like
saturday so not too much is happening, we have to like chop ice and there's gonna be another storm tonight. But um I'm hoping that I get to go out to Starbucks at some point because
I really want to moca.
Yeah. Yeah wow. Do you have any pets?
cool.
What kind of dogs are they,
Go.
Quite a group there you have uh
that's okay to always kind of attitude so I can see the personalities in a little bit. They like to think they're big dogs too.
I'm sweet are my brother in law has a he and his wife have uh yeah koala named poppy seed and it's like so adorable. So
yeah um I have a cat and a dog. My cat is very chatty and loud um
and my dog is a sharp a lab mix and she's very quiet and like kind of stand up, like she's not your typical like come and say hi and lick you and like want lots of pets dogs. She's like, I'm going to lay over here and maybe you can come say hi to me, bye. So kind of a
it's
not
that's about it. Yeah, that's pretty much it, yeah. Unless there's like a Fedex truck or something, then she'll bark. But that's it. Yeah,
right. Like there's something out there. I should go hunt it.
It was like, I made that association,
stay
right, right. It's trying to communicate. No spending um mm So what do you do in texas?
that's good. That's good. You need to talk to people about them.
No.
Yeah, cocoa sometimes.
I am a administrator for stem cell and regenerative Medicine Center um at the university. So
yeah, it's interesting. I work with a lot of doctors and researchers. Um But then I also kind of like field things for the public inquiries that come in. Um I used to work in education for a while. Education research. Um but my like education background is like library information science. Yeah. Yeah, so this type of like online phone call thing was kind of a old hat for me for um when I used to work um as information manager for a group that was like a collective of universities all over the country. And so we'd have meetings and um and they all took place in like Skype or um like an interface like this. So.
when I first
thing, this is weird.
It's
just
like
kind of drafted and listening and
Okay. Okay. Yeah, I've seen those before. Two. I'm always kind of surprised when um I'm like encounter people who are like oh yeah well we can just set up this meeting and we can talk and like they'll be like, oh wait, I don't know if I have a video camera, maybe I do, maybe
we could
do that. I think oh it's when I was like I had a my grants were ending for the job I used to do and so I had to like apply for other jobs and I would get like a phone interview requests and I would be like well you know, we could phone interview moreover we can video to make a video interview to. So yeah, it's it's interesting that like divide I think in um people's like comfort level and familiarity. Right.
Okay. You know, do you have any um families still in queens? Right.
Do you live?
Yeah, I get that. Does he? Or do you live like in a large metropolitan area or like something? I mean it wouldn't be like the same scale but
I was just wondering if it was like, I don't like going from queens, I don't want to go and live out like the boonies or something,
you
know?
is very like, but I know that I could and
mhm. That's
Mm
Yeah. It's hard to change to leave things that are so familiar. Mm
Yeah. Okay. Did you just decide you wanted to leave for or leave queens? Like
it took
the necessary,
It's always interesting that like our journeys bring us to different places. Yeah.
No,
that's fun. Okay. Cool. Yeah, I know, I always thought I would leave Wisconsin. I'd like to at some point, I think I want to live in the pacific northwest. I have a friend that lives Like 30 minutes from Canada in Washington. That's really beautiful.
So,
it's different. Yeah.
Mm hmm. I don't know. Wisconsin's okay. Um, I lived in like, are you familiar with the Wisconsin at all?
Well, they're a little bit. Um, so there's Milwaukee, which is like the biggest city and I live in capital, which is Madison. Um, and I grew up in Watts, which is like in the middle of the state. I want you to the north of where I grew up. It's all like two Lane highway and like small towns forests. So, um,
but my family live in Minnesota, so I go to Minnesota. My family in Chicago, Chicago is pretty easy to get to from here. Um, walk is okay, I go there occasionally trachea or. Uh huh. I have some fun restaurants near campus, I went to grad school in Milwaukee, so
yeah I don't think a lot of people think of cows and cheese.
it's
kind of
a lot of, yeah yeah there's definitely a lot of cheese here so yeah um but I don't know what else like johnson's, I like the lakes, lots of lakes. Yeah. Thank
text.
awesome. Yeah. Um No no I'd like to go to Montana um or Wyoming I want to go see like the big national parks um like the redwood forest in California, that would be fun.
Uh huh. Oh you mean like you're stuck in texas or? Okay yeah
you're pretty you're closer.
Why? Um my boss, my old boss, she lives in California and like san luis obisbo which is north of L. A. So uh she always tell me things about what was going on in California but um you know they have a lot of issues with water, drought fires.
he repeats.
Yeah my brother in law lives and um to south of L. A. Right now but they're moving back here in a few months so bye. I think I have another cousin that lives it Pasadena. I have a lot of cousins. Oh
I have like a little like a group of them that I talked to and see on a like a fairly regular basis. And then the others are like wait which what what was that one's name I can't remember. I have
like.
Right. I know that's how it goes. My mom's family. Her dad had like oh god 12 siblings I think. So. She had like 50 something first cousins.
So I can and I have like 28 4 or something, but still it's a lot,
right. It's hard to really think about, are you a second cousin or his cousin? Especially when like there's like aged gaps with the aunts and uncles or something? Yeah.
Yeah.
I
just know
your
family.
Mhm, mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I know what I was um are you reading or watching anything interesting?
I even seen my mom's tried to talk me into watching it, but I haven't.
That's cool. I like
I read a lot of, yeah fan fiction, like harry
potter.
Yeah. Um and yes. Oh, it's fun of time.
My wife loves Buffy, so
yeah, I've tried watching some of it. I mean I like, I like elements of Buffy but um that was more of like a charmed and good. More girls watcher.
Okay. That's
what
one of my younger brothers loved Buffy and I was always like, you like Buffy?
This
episode. That's funny. Yeah. I think I remember watching like a little later seasons of Buffy with like the little sister who wasn't actually her sisters I'm saying.
Yeah. I think I like that story line. I thought that was interesting.
probably
way.
Yeah. That's why I'm an outlier apparently.
Yeah. Uh That's funny. Yeah. Um My son's friend who's over, her mom really likes coffee too, so she's four and her mom's letter watch just a couple episodes of Buffy,
Yeah. Um But yeah, I was watching harry potter on sci fi this morning because they have like the deleted scenes when they broadcast. Sorry, like that.
Yeah, it's a big time commitment, but that's right,
but
it's only fair. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, I don't get too much too much television. I'm always like so busy and I don't see very much. I think I watched I watched Chernobyl,
that was an interview.
That's really good. Yeah, but it's like one of those ones where you actually sit and actually like really pay attention, they always
have that athlete. But um he said you like once upon a Time.
it does. Yeah. Kind of a weird um So yeah, I really like the first season, it was like my favorite. Yeah.
Yeah. The writers who came up with that show actually graduated from Madison. So they were they gave a wow here, they call those those speeches.
Mhm. Yeah, they gave like a commencement speech a couple of years ago at the graduation. Just fun. Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. Move on. Mhm.
Thank you to play mm. Uh And then I have another son, he's like 2 1/2 months old. Yeah, so my elder son's Ellen and my new son is Oz.
So yeah, I know some people were like, you know Anderson us and I was like,
it's a
we call
mozzie. Mhm. Yeah,
you're like, well, cultural references will probably be Wizard of Oz or Ozzy Osborne and that will be like people us are older, so
whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's gonna be fun and cultural reference. That's right. I remember my wife said something about that. I was with a character in Buffy. He dated, he was like the in a band,
And he
dated character will. Oh yeah, yeah,
So. Right. Mhm. I have to keep an eye on us to make sure he
doesn't
turn into
okay.
I did
not know
that.
Okay. That'll be a fun little trope. Don't get too close to cousins. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Well um I think we've reached our time, but I don't know if I told you my name. I'm holly
by
the way.
What
is
it say? And I Okay. Simi
that's a cool name. Is it
or is it?
And
Okay.
I like very cool names. Yeah. Well, it was really nice
talking
to
you.
Well yeah. You too enjoy you. Your
moderate weather.
Yes. And I Mhm. All