Hello
and
nice to meet you.
Hi, I'm jeremy.
Yeah it is.
No, but I had a big lunch, so I'm pretty good for now. How are you?
Yeah I live um the cases in Oregon are like not that bad, they're kind of going up recently, but um uh so yeah most most stuff is open um except for the places that kind of choose not to open up but but yeah
and
I also like a small town, so uh yeah it's not too bad here.
yeah, that's kind of what it seems like. Um But yeah, it's a pretty weird, it's been a weird year
I think food delivery,
just like door dash and stuff like that. Yeah.
How
about yourself?
Yeah. Yeah it's pretty, it's been yeah people don't really want to go out right now so.
Uh Yeah most days for sure and there was um it was the best on, This is kind of messed up but we had wildfires over here and it was really smoky for a couple weeks and so um I had to wear like an N- 95 mask into like try and not breathing all the smoke, it was really hazardous. Um so I think people were tipping a lot then to which was nice but yeah
I
know
I've heard about the hurricanes and stuff too so
yeah for sure wow. Yeah
yikes, that's
not good.
yep. Yeah lived here my whole life so yeah I've never been in a hurricane or anything like that but
we
have.
Yes. Yeah I do near
the capital. Yes. Yeah
that's a good thing to do, I did that and like middle school and I probably wouldn't be able to recall them all right now but you know that's funny. That's good.
But
yeah sure go ahead.
well
Her
President
what a nightmare for him jesus. That's
funny.
weakest link that sounds so familiar I think
I think I watched it may be with my family a bit. Um
What?
So
it
Arkansas? Okay. Right
cattle
and
it's
oh I would not I wouldn't even have no idea.
Mhm. Uh Yeah I have no idea. I I seriously don't even know.
these
are all
capitals?
What?
that's great. Um It's funny that you had all the president's memories because I took ap us history in high school and that's actually what they the first thing that we did is we had to memorize all the presidents and then all their years and
I've
heard it all now, but but yeah, like that that was super helpful just having like an anchor point for each like but you know, presidential error and stuff, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, like for I'll always have like um like general like when civil war stuff comes up, I know it's like generally like Lincoln and Seward and that kind of stuff, so like yeah, it's helpful. Yeah.
That's funny. Yeah, it was it was yeah, it was it was a lot to take on, but yeah, because I also took another ap like ap literature the same year that was like crazy. But
but
then I
well I mean it kind of was for nothing nothing because I ended up dropping out my senior year and just getting my GED anyway.
I was dealing with depression and stuff so yeah, I was having a tough time in school but yeah, I'm a lot better now so.
Thank
you.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I'm hoping to get more of an education. I like the idea of lifelong learning and I don't know, I'm interested in tech stuff so I'd like to go to a community college or something and try and learn um software engineering and stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Like showing your portfolio and stuff. I've been trying to learn some programming languages and stuff and it's tough. But yeah. Hopefully I can make.
I did. Um what's it called CS, I think it's Harvard. Yeah, Harvard has a CS 50 program. Um So that's nice. I went through that and that was really helpful. It went all the way from like the low level architecture of computers all the way up to high level languages and stuff and um so yeah, I just
need
to
It's
literally
magic. Yeah. No, it literally seems like modern magic. Like if you showed people a few 100 years ago they would just, their minds would be blown with the magic that you're performing before them. It's
Yeah.
Golf elbow yikes.
jesus.
I do I have a cat that lives with me. She's 20. We're probably gonna have to put her down soon but
she's doing
good now.
She's really fit, she she can walk around and she does a lot of sleeping but besides that she is really active and stuff so it's pretty good. Um I actually had a dog that I had to put down about five years ago, four or five years ago, so I know it's pretty tough
um it was just a weird mix kind of like german shepherd sort of yeah just a combination of various things
but
good.
But
Well Uh huh.
yeah, yeah, I love dogs,
for sure, I've seen like golden retrievers and stuff that are pretty um fierce uh
just
for some reason they don't have any sense of like fear sometimes um yeah they're they're pretty aggressive so
twinkle toes because she has
white paws and she's a black
man.
oh that's so cute,
I had a friend that had a dog, I think it's the same breed. Um
Yeah, they had
actually
four or five of them. But yeah, I like how um they're not too big. I don't really like large dogs um just because they're easier to manage and they can just sit in your lap and hang out and stuff.
A little bit. Is that a Oh washtub?
Hilarious.
No,
it's so cute.
Uh
Yeah. I'm sorry for your loss. Yeah.
Coronavirus shows what are the
I've
never heard that term before, but I guess that makes sense. Um I literally yeah, I think Tiger King out of anything. Yeah. That would probably be the one that I actually did watch. Um That was so ridiculous. I love I like his his uh it's just funny how he's like libertarian um Like where he's he's gay, but he's also very sort of like redneck and down south. Why I love that
combination.
It's weird.
Um I definitely think it went, it went on like how many episodes it was was kind of excessive. I feel like they probably could have done it in like two or three hours, but you know, they have to stretch it out for whatever reason, but I
liked it.
No, I wouldn't have watched it. Yeah.
No,
I don't know. I have no idea with cases like that. I'm trying to be impartial. I don't know. I think a lot of people think that she definitely did it, but I'm not too sure. Yeah.
Weaver.
No, I don't, I don't watch that. Um I think I've seen like a few episodes with my sisters like way back when, but I don't even remember anything from it, but
what?
good.
Are
they are they going to do like social distancing and stuff or is it just prerecorded footage or?
they're just quarantining, they're just quarantining together. That's funny.
Nice. Yeah, I'm glad they're bringing it back for you. That's cool.
bake
off.
no, I haven't really,
Um well let me think, I haven't, I've been reading more recently, I haven't been really watching stuff, I'm trying to think of stuff that oh, I went through uh I don't know if you've heard of him, David lynch, I've been going through his movies.
Um He made
a um blue velvet From the 80s or Mulholland Drive maybe you've
heard?
he made like kind of weird artsy movies and they're kind of they have a lot of like symbolism and deep meaning stuff and like trying to um yeah just weird, I like how weird they are. So I've just been going through this whole filmography. Um Yeah, I'm trying to think of what else. Uh huh.
All
right. Uh No I haven't
like
oh that's cool. Um Have
you?
So?
okay yeah I'm
reading
lot of fantasy stuff right now so um like the Witcher series is what I'm reading right now. Um They have like a netflix tv show that they put on um like based off the books and there's like a video game series. But how how long have you been living in florida?
The
first
quarter
What?
Yeah.
Bridge
and
It
what?
I don't know.
two
I
and
so what kind of stuff do you like about florida
right, you've never like left the state at all Oregon
interest,
that's
a lot of people move from new york to florida, right, for various tax purposes or just for retirement and stuff.
I
know because my dad, his parents were irish immigrants and so my grandparents were irish immigrants and they lived in new york and then he was born and raised in new york and then yeah, he moved over to Oregon, but yeah, that's yeah, that's crazy that like florida is so connected with new york in that way.
change,
no
idea.
I just heard tax for some reason, but yeah um yeah, that's crazy, wow, uh huh,
I love that.
it was nice to meet you.
Yeah, you too, like