Hi, how are you? Nice
to meet you.
I'm Jody. Yeah.
Nice to nice to meet you. Are he said, where are you at? Oh wow. Okay. I'm in Florida. So it must be 6:00 for you.
Okay. Did you or did you eat dinner yet? Is it still dinnertime? Yeah.
places open by you yet? Right,
That's
it.
Our numbers have been doing better and then all of a sudden I saw in tonight's news that a bunch of schools are closing. So the numbers seem to be going up again. I don't, I don't know if people are just taking it easy and getting lax about it or what? I don't know.
No kidding. Where do you work? What do you do? Mhm.
Oh well. For who? Mhm.
So
you've
probably been doing really well during coronavirus
and people are being generous with tipping and stuff too.
yeah. Right. Gosh. You know
that's pretty crazy. All those fires, everybody on the West Coast gets, it's horrible. It makes our news. It's really heavily, you know, I know when you're in it, like we're in florida for instance, and with the hurricanes, it always feels like we get all the coverage and no one else in the country really hears about it. But with all these fires we hear about it. Like it's our own news. That's pretty well. Are
you?
We got lucky this year. I expected to just be like massive hurricane category five hit. I was like, that's how things would go this year, but we didn't get any thank God. So
I've gone through a couple bigger hurricanes, but it was a long time ago. The last big one that we really had where I was was Andrew, which was back in 96. So we're due for a massive hit.
That's
scary. Are you from Oregon originally
and you live
in
the same town that you grew up in?
I.
Okay. I know all um recently I made myself memorize all, well not all that recently. Maybe like a year ago I made myself memorize all the states in order and all of their capitals.
You
know, it actually comes into play a lot with trivia and I also memorized all the presidents in order. Also because I was like, there's only been, would you like to hear me recite them?
Okay Washington Adams, Jefferson Madison Monroe. Adams, Jackson Van Buren, Harrison Tyler polk taylor fillmore pierce. Buchanan Lincoln johnson, Grant Hayes, Garfield, Arthur, Cleveland. Harrison. Cleveland. Cleveland was president twice but two different terms. Um uh sorry Harrison. Cleveland. McKinley teddy tapped, Wilson harding Coolidge Hoover. FDR Truman Eisenhower. JFK LBJ. Nixon ford carter. Reagan Bush clinton bush Obama trump. And
there were two atoms but they were cousins and uh Ford is the only president that wasn't elected because he was Nixon's VP. But Nixon Nixon's first um term, his VP that he ran with wasn't Ford. His first VP that he ran with and was his VP in his first term was Agnew. And then when Nixon ran for his second term it was still Agnew. So Agnew was voted in as his VP twice. But then Agnew very soon into Nixon's second term. Got in trouble for tax evasion and he had to resign and
so ford was like third in line and so then he became vice president and then like a couple months later Watergate hit. So here's more forward thinking like I'm not being in the background, I'm going to have some like you know, minimal government job and then he ends up president.
Isn't that wild
to
other state trivia things for you, One of which I heard on weakest link the other day, did you watch weakest link back in the day?
And
it was, it was on back in the day with like this little british woman and if, if you like got voted out, it goes around, there's like, it starts to like seven people and then the little british woman who has been replaced with jane lynch, you know jane, just the lady from place. Um, and so it used to be this little british woman that would sort of shoot questions at this, like at these six people. And it could be anything as stupid as like, you know, what do you call the meat that is in a hot dog bun? And you're like hot dog? Or it could like really, really complicated, It could be like really challenging math. It could be like what's five plus
five? Like it's just the random of how challenging these questions are and the end of each round, you vote off the weakest link when it comes down to just the two and then they get everything you bank. Anyway, so weakest link was revamped with jane lynch. So I was watching that. So what? State capital? So okay,
I'm not going to phrase this quite right, but you'll get the gist of it. So Kansas, what can you spell
if you take the letters in Kansas and then add two more letters to it?
Oh, that's very good. I had to like go through the States and I even missed Arkansas which is really sad because it's you know, at the very beginning of the outfit. Okay. And then there are four
states
with the word city in their
capital
Oklahoma City, you can get that one Oklahoma city Oklahoma.
Well, Carson city Nevada and then jefferson city Missouri. And um what's wrong with me? Oh and Salt Lake City in Utah A
lot
of
people, Those are the four state capitals that have city and their names. So, Carson city Nevada. Salt Lake city, Utah, Oklahoma city, Oklahoma. And uh Jackson or jefferson city Missouri. A lot of people say new york city,
but new york is Albany and a lot of people say to Kansas city but Kansas is Topeka. So that those are all my tricks. That's everything like what?
I don't
know.
So I was like, do you ever notice when jeopardy comes on and stuff that you're able to be like, okay, it was that president and he was before this one. So that had to have been, it's really very helpful.
Sure is and good for you to take a pee in high school. I was too lazy
and then you pass the ap exam. Okay. That's
that's
the hard part, right? Because then if you don't end up passing the exam it was for nothing.
That's them.
Well I know all too much about all that. It's tough. It's a real thing. I think people that don't have it don't understand and they think just put a smile on your face and um you know get it together and you have so much to be you know grateful for. But it's really not that easy. Something you got to keep an eye on and monitor for life so and good for you go ahead and get your GED. So that's good.
Same
difference.
and you know there's so much work from home stuff right now with internships and stuff that you could probably even just start your trade and get in with somebody good and show them your hard worker and um, they, I don't think we're really much care that you don't have the background. I think so much in tech is really just being good and talented.
A lot of that is free now a lot. Have you found all those programs, a lot of really good schools? I think M. I. T. Has all their courses online for free. Now. Obviously you don't get the degree, but I think it's empty.
I'm
blown
away by all that stuff. Like it blows my mind still how batteries work. Like I can't believe that you put this little tool into this thing and then you click it and it makes a channel change. Like
I'm
like,
brilliant. Yeah,
I don't mind me, I keep moving. I am icing my elbows, I have golf elbow and all my arms,
But not from golfing um from carrying from carrying my dog who's now deceased. It's really sad. I had to put my dog down last week. Um but she's she's a little Italian greyhound, a miniature greyhound. So she was £10 and she could walk, but she was just really, really slow. She was 17 and she would kind of get confused and her vision was really bad. So like if we didn't stay right buyer, she would sort of lose where you went and you turn around and she's like staring at a wall and stuff. So it got to the point where I was just too lazy to like wait for her. So I was carrying her everywhere and it gave me golf elbow, but I
had to put her down last week. Do you have any pets?
no,
but running
him.
What kind of dog did you have?
My husband's father
had german shepherds and they
were terrifying. We would go visit them. There were two of them and you would like as
you were pulling up in like parking, they'd come out the door and they you
know, and I'm like I don't want to walk in but like you can't be rude and you walk in and they jump all over you. I mean they were massively huge dogs, very intimidating, nice dogs, you know like like never tried to bite me or anything but I never trusted him. I was always scared to death of them.
It's a trust ferocious dogs that are barking at you and protecting their territory. You know,
I don't trust
any dog running at marking. I don't think that even the little ones, even like little chihuahua. If anything, the chihuahuas are scarier because they will. But
nasty little dogs. What's your cat's name?
Alan,
my little
dog. My little dog. She was black and she had white on the tip of all of her feet and the tip of her tail. This is her picture. It was a drawn picture
here is the best
Bring me.
They're
the best dogs.
Exactly. That's what I miss most about her is I always had a little lapdog. I have to show you another picture. That's funny. He was she was such a good sport. Is there a reflection
She
was in like a little tub with
with little rubber duckies.
Such a good sport. God I love that dog. Oh she
was the fast.
Yeah. I don't know. It's really sad. I always thought I'd want to run out and get another one just because I loved having a dog so much. But I don't know I don't know if I can go through all that again. It's devastating. So sad. Did you watch any good coronavirus shows?
You know like Tiger King and stuff like whatever
was good.
it's
a big oxymoron. Walking oxymoron and then he's gay but all his husbands are straight but like nobody you know that that's not that's fine
with him. They're in strange.
I struggled
with that. I think if it hadn't been for coronavirus and everybody home dying to watch tv texting with their friends all day saying what are you watching? I don't think it would have been the hit. It was like they
I think I
would have heard about it and been like that stupid and not. Do you think carol killed the husband?
I'm a conspiracy theory person. And
obviously it was made for a much better show to act like she killed him. So I bought it. I'm sure you don't watch it. But do you watch the Bachelor? Bachelorette? Did you watch Claire last week?
Okay. Well I'm
excited because because of all this stuff, we had the last season of Bachelor which is usually like january to March or april and then usually goes right into Bachelorette, Bachelor in Paradise. We were supposed to have Bachelor summer Games because of the olympics and we didn't have any of that. So I have been dying for my Bachelor
content. So I am really excited. That started back up which
is
well how they did it is they did the whole bubble thing. And so instead of usually they travel throughout this season and they go to europe and stuff, how they're doing it, they rented out an entire resort. Uh And where is it? I think it's in California, I think it's in Palm Springs, and they rented out this entire resort and then the whole show is going to take place at this resort, so it's going to be kind of lame because usually their dates are like going on a helicopter and you know, running out a theme park and like having the Eiffel Tower to themselves and this is going to be like, do you want to go to the pool?
Yeah, exactly, and like six witnesses with masks and stuff. But um so I I think it's gonna be probably a little lame, but I'm just so desperate for the content that I'll take it.
Have you have you been watching on netflix? That's another one people are talking about that. I just finally got into the great british, great, great british baking
baseball
or something. Yeah.
Okay, It's good. It I'm not a baker, I'm not a cook. I don't know how to do any of that, but um, I like all the contestants. It really is good. I see why people are into it. So what do you watch?
Need?
It's true,
That's
all ringing about, but I don't know it.
Have you read the new, is that john Grisham books? Do you like
his stuff?
Okay. He's uh he wrote, I think I'm fairly certain it's john Grisham. Uh anyway,
his new books, I think he wrote, there's like a trilogy of them or something and they're fictionally based on the town I live in now.
I'm not
reading
the book. I'm feeling I'm not a reader.
I
got it
forever. I'm kind of like you and I I never
well,
it's more like
I never really left being near my mother. I'm from south florida, and then I went to the University of florida for college, which is in like northern central florida, and I was in college for nine years, not because I'm smart
because I was smart enough to realized at a young age that living off of your parents is awesome. And uh so
I was like, I'm gonna stay in school as long as my parents will pay for it. So I knew going into
school, I had the whole plan um that I was going to get my Masters in Accounting because that's
an extended program and I was going to go to law
school and then I was going to get my LLM in tax and L. M is
basically a master's in law, It's an extra year of law school um in tax, which I knew my parents would be down for. Because that, you know, that makes sense. That's part of the whole accounting thing and everything. And my goal was always, oh, at the end of this, you know, I'll be desperate to get the hell out and make some money, right? So nine years later I graduate and I like cry my whole way home and
absolutely hated working. It was just as bad as I always thought it would be. And yeah, so anyway, in all of that, I met my husband and he hated working just as much as I did. And so we came up with this plan of like, oh, we're gonna cut way back on our expenses and then we don't need to like make as much money and blah blah blah. So we moved back to Gainesville because I just loved gains. That was my favorite place in the whole world and we were, you know, just living on the cheap and whatever living in Gainesville. And then my parents moved up here to Amelia Island where I live now. And it was like two hours from Gainesville and visiting them all the time but became a pain in the ass. And since my husband and I weren't like really working full time jobs anymore, we could live anywhere. So we moved here like two years ago. So
I've never
really kind of left my mom, you know,
because it's like I obviously lived with my mom until I was 18. I went to college, but I would come home all the time from school and then I came back down to south florida and west Palm and then I really only moved back to Gainesville for a couple of years. And then now I'm back down the street from my mom. Yeah.
Uh, well I like our winters because we have really beautiful winters. I hate our summers because they're brutally hot. I live near the beach, which I hate, I don't go to the beach. Um you know, I don't even know, I can't even say I really like florida all that much, I think it's just, I don't know any different, you know, I've never been brave enough to leave
for
vacation and you know, like a bunch of my friends, a lot of people from florida after college go to new york city and like
rough it plummet. And so I was constantly going to new york. There was a period of time where like on social media and stuff, people used to message me and be like, I'm gonna be in new york this weekend, let's hang out. I'm like uh why are you telling me that I live in florida and I saw you lived in new york because I was just always there. So I mean estate, but never to live.
you don't
know.
I um they say people with florida, they're dying to come and coming to die because we have no state income tax and no state estate tax. So it's really cheap to die in florida and transfer wealth in florida and
good for
you to know
that. Well, you said that you know tax purposes. I mean the average joe doesn't know that. So
yeah. Diana coming, coming to die.
Okay, well anyway, it was really nice meeting you.
Okay, Have a good night.