Hi.
Type
of another
screen,
I'm great, How are you?
I got a girl this time.
You
did,
This
is my this is my 4th and you're the first person that's a female. Yeah,
well I was
thinking because I keep trying to figure out like everything, you know, you try to decipher like what it's
all about and I mean there there they were saying it's about having like conversations within the workplace, our conversation dynamics. Um So I thought maybe they were like testing the boys to see how they interact with the girls
because I had, you know, I had to really young Boys and then I had, you know like college age, like just out of fresh out of high school guys and then I had an older gentleman, I'm not sure if he was like my age, but I'm 48. Um But yeah, I don't know how
you doing.
No,
maybe they're just doing what schedules meat?
What?
You have to push buttons to dial a phone. Wait, you had to go like this to develop. What
is
that? Have
you seen?
sorry, have you seen
those
funny videos of kids, like seeing like an antique anyway,
were you gonna
say?
what?
I bet
you they don't know what that is either.
it's awesome.
What else
did
they say? Did they say anything
else? Crazy?
That's awesome.
I don't have any kids unless you want to consider the guys I live with.
But I I've taught a lot of kids in my lifetime, so um
uh I taught them kung fu and kids
gymnastics and um
swimming and
all kinds of stuff like that. Yeah.
Kids
kids and disabled people and elderly folks kind of my jam, I'm in um southern Oregon, where you at?
All? Right on,
is it?
No,
me
too.
Um so, uh well I was born in court, Winnie California and then, um but I grew up in pennsylvania about an hour west of Philly, and then, but I went back in 98 ever, ever since I knew where I was born, I was going back to Cali and man, So I went back there in 98 and I was there for 16 years and then long chain of events happened, can afford to live there anymore
and ended up uh helping two friends that were passing away essentially. And then I landed here and I just didn't leave after my friend passed away. Um so
trying to get my own thing going now and serving myself as hard as I serve other people. That's
basically where I'm at. Yeah,
all
right on. So
I was like right above you. Um Yeah, ventura County basically is where I was born. Yeah, Go ahead and say
south
central.
that's where
all your gorgeous features come from.
Obama.
You're
Wait, you
went to police for 10 years?
wow
wearing.
perfectly.
Believe
it or not.
But I did that to growing up.
Thank
you.
Smart woman. Yeah.
provided.
Right. Are you Southern
Arizona?
Now I'm just like dollars after like Callie Arizona believes. Um
world
Dallas
is, yeah. Dallas is not necessarily nice warm climate. It's basically
where I was in pennsylvania, Just like the pencil sucky rainforest during the summertime. That's what
we call it.
I was in, I was in good year for a little bit helping a friend, helping another friend with her, with her mom, like transitioning her to an alzheimer's facility. Um, but yeah, I can't, I don't know. I can't hack the desert. I am not a desert person.
I'm such
a mountain girl.
Thank
you.
It
gets so hot here too.
no. I thought what if I used to happen to me when I was a kid? I can't remember. I usually was wearing silver. Uh,
that's funny.
Anyway, my
name's,
my name is jennifer, but everyone calls me fire and my nicknames fire.
The nickname. Oh, uh, when I first came to California, the first group of girls that I met, they helped me kristen my house. We had like a drum singing ceremony and they brought me all kinds of gifts. I'm a total hippie. Um, uh,
my girlfriend Jetta, she just started calling me jenny, fire flower and then it was fire flower and then it just shortened to one syllable fire.
I
think
they
do
it for my personality
But
I can't
Jennifer. Hello.
There was only, you know, 25 other Jennifer's in my class. That
was just in one classroom high school. There was lots of jennifer's.
yeah, things have changed and not change because I work from home anyway, so um, I just moved to a more rural area. Unfortunately, like the code thing has been more compacted because we just had, um, if you've heard of the Alameda fire that ripped through, that's like literally right over the hill for me.
So that morning,
um, 50 mile an hour winds kicked up art, you know, 50 mile an hour gusts And 30 mile an hour winds, 35 mile an hour winds and we were already in panic mode and our gardens. And then Um we spent the whole night watching three towns burn and making sure that we protected. Like apparently we were under stage three Evac Evac and they never sent out notices to anybody. They didn't want to panic.
Well,
well my
next door neighbors were definitely panicked my, and then the guy next to me was just like, oh it's an Ashland and I'm like dude it's like right there over
hill
like do you not see the globe from here? We've just been covered in smoke off and on. But today it's beautiful. I can see the mountain range, Mount Ashland is behind me. So basically I lived right in the town that half Burt's like 3/4 of it burnt. Um Only last
february we just moved to a more rural spot. Um And yeah we're super lucky, super lucky and this is my first fire rodeo coming from California. But um
yeah it's funny. I've always lived on a fault line. I realized that I'm kind of, I'm an earthquake geek in general. I was actually looking at live earthquakes happening when you came on. That's why I was like oh
well
I
have
I have it on while I'm working because it's something that doesn't talk to me. Well sometimes I have stuff out of the background like I listen to music or my favorite shows and stuff. I listen a lot of um like our local J. P. R. NPR station basically during work. And um KcRW you probably know out of L. A. Um I watched the morning because I listened to the morning becomes eclectic show. Like I listened to the replays of it because I'm not an up all night person anymore. Um And I collect new music and all that kind of stuff from there, but
that's
one of my favorites.
Doctor
demento.
I'll meet you. I did you?
I listened to the joe Rogan show a lot when I'm working if especially if I'm working with my hands doing stuff outside. Um But now I have been listening. I've been listening to jimmy Dore a lot because I'm so politically invested right now in not voting for either of those people.
I'm
like
tentative, tentative, breaching the politicians subject here. But.
Well, but look at the way, I don't know how you were raised but how I was raised, you couldn't even ask political questions to parents or grandparents.
That was just something you did not do. Nobody told anybody who they were voting for. If they had political conversations like at the bar or some shit, you would never know. I don't think they did. I think they just had this deep
seated
shit.
same.
That's
what
Four.
remember
now.
No, no, as you say, I do agree with you on that front, but I only agree with that for people that know about those sort of things were not in the majority.
So I don't, I I do have a problem with wearing a mask because of past trauma. So anything around my face or my neck like really? Really? But so I have to go luckily I live in a more rural place and I know my timing and going at places, so I have a way different, you know? Of course I can't stand it, but I'll do whatever I can to protect other people even
though
even though I'm like super isolated, like I
can't get
much
more
isolated
than me right now.
I'm not judging you. I
understand.
Well
we've
had
it for a while like that.
But
That's
funny.
Okay one of
my best friends,
one of my best friends, she's ablation uh she um she's not a very political person and but the other day she said to me like she's like let's face it, like most of people that aren't wearing masks in public are trump supporters and I was like, oh I
was
like
it's weird
for my
for
my black asian girlfriend to be like stereotyping people without masks. It was kind of bizarre, but she's also like we were talking, I said I'm I don't spout political stuff very like I did say a few things on facebook, you know when when Bernie was still in the running and um but it's just that I really wanted some real change and that was the only way to get someone in there that like could enact some actual policies for real people like that. You be like yang I loved him for the universal basic income uh medical care for all um you know women's rights like just down the board like super liberal hippie shit like that's me and but it's also it's just basic shit. I want clean air and clean water for the kids, I want them to have the medical attention they need and not be paying for it for the rest of their lives, I want them to not be paying for school for the rest of their lives you know? And
I'm
not changing, I'm not changing anybody's political minds
on facebook, you know what I mean? That's why I don't right there. I I have other forms for that sort of thing
and
my
that
that's that's what I was talking to my bestie about one of my best friends, the Malaysian girl. She uh I said you know I'm already being in a roundabout way publicly shamed because I'm not for biden just because it's not trump like there is no policies being put forth that have anything to do with me. It's still do taken from huge corporations like even the vice presidential like debate was a joke like all I heard about is we have to pro fracking people candidates I'm like and I and that has done major damage Where I grew up alone, just in the area that I grew up and the pipelines like just ripped, like, basically gutted the last pristine areas of where I grew up and like crushed my soul basically.
But what
are
we gonna do? Like, am I writing in somebody and then are they going to blame us? Are they going to blame us? Like when I voted for Bernie in 2016, we're gonna get blamed for Trump going back in the office, but I really don't think he is. I mean granted, I don't want either one of them.
I've been trying to I hear what you're saying, but I've been trying to like find more ways to take action beyond telephone calls and shit like that. So I've been trying to brainstorm and actually a prolific study that I did had me do this brainstorming project with somebody that like trips some triggers because I build websites and such. I was like what if we build a website for the X, Y and Z generations that gets them informed. An active like maybe an interactive website where they can learn how the government system works because like the way we learned it in school is just like this is the president on this is you know, and like we, we learned how the vote became a bill by the old cartoons and the songs, you know what I mean?
Yeah, Schoolhouse Rock and you know, maybe do some stuff like that where we're educating on a different level because it wasn't till six years ago when I started really educating myself, I was like, holy
shit,
I should have been voting for house representatives, I should have been. No. But but you never had any information on these people. Like I don't know who these people
are.
What
now that I'm talking to a mom? I'm you know it something that Hit me that day two was that you know when I make friends I pretty much make friends for life. Like it's very rare when people come in and out of my life unless they're just acquaintances. You know I still have friends from freaking elementary school
in the town that I grew up in. But um when you're picking a politician that's supposed to be in charge of the area your kids live in, do we know those people? No we're voting for strangers. Like your piece of paper, your resume is not what I need and like like the vice presidential debate. Like uh what's your name? Kamala Harris like I basically like she was just putting her resume out there.
I
mean if you live in California, you know that's
way beyond
And
you can say that politics racism. Yeah.
same.
Oh, not just
questionable. Well,
I mean take take 9 11 fund for one He funneled, was it $4 billion dollars of funds for people that are still suffering from into the government? It just disappeared.
Still unaccounted
for.
If
you don't
vote for joe biden, you ain't
black.
What?
Excuse
me?
it's so crazy
to
No,
no,
it shouldn't
be a confrontation.
It should be a
conversation.
That's the that's the problem with politics. It's always and and unfortunately the people that are in power right now or prospectively going to be in more power. That's all you see. And that's what kids are watching too. I wouldn't even want kids to be watching. I mean, I kind of do because I want them to see this is what this is not how we unite and move
forward.
All
I know, right.
my girlfriend posted a video the other day. She took her little girl a maya to uh corn sales to the pumpkin patches around here and she was with another one of her little friend. She is she's six now and they she grabbed this husk of corn and she started flipping the the hairs on the top of it. She's like donald trump is
donald shopping. She kept flipping the corn silks back
and forth and it was all are you can see like they were very orange and then her other girlfriend grabbed the other ones like oh it's not a joke.
tom
And you say that, but
either fifth or sixth grade I think it was 6th grade. I forget what year that would be right now. But uh I remember the kids running around I don't remember what the jimmy carter song was but there was like they used to Ronald Reagan has a way of messing up the U. S. A. Like where did they get that from their parents?
But like we're their parents really singing that at the dinner table like what what's wrong with you? You know?
But
I
don't know they must have heard something and then made up their own rhyme or something. But
that was all that like that's all that we would have heard about. So yeah I mean I've just I've been thinking a lot about it and like the only way to that I know of to help on a large scale is to do something like that, build a website that's
interactive
and
no.
Your own
voice.
Just like you said. Yeah just
like
you said,
your
own
voice.
I wear.
I
saw
sorry
I told my girlfriend, I said you know if you want to want to research more things I can give you resources. Like I told her about um the jimmy Dore show, I told her about uh what is this school? Have you ever heard a grey
zone
jimmy Dore? He's a comedian. Like go figure go figure like chappelle and all of them. They're the
comedians
have
become
D. O. R. E. But
and look up the gray zone too.
E. Y. Or no, I think it is A. Y. The gray zone but redacted tonight. The guy that does redacted tonight on there. Um They have an app to it's kind of like a junkie app sometimes, but um,
it's like I want to give them more resources to, oh, portable Tv, like you'll see. Uh I think Jesse ventura has a show on there as I wish he was president. That dude, that dude believes in a lot of shit that I believe in and he's no bullshit. Um, and I like that about him, but portable Tv has. But I mostly listened to read actor tonight basically. I don't want to know all the things that I know right now. I don't want to, I didn't want to know, I knew that Obama, I knew that I wasn't voting for him for the second term and I was bummed out. I cried because like I wanted to have hope but like nine wars later like, you know Syria like, and and why we're there and people just being like, you know, controlled by other people and money and corporations and every bailout gives money to these huge, you know that Bloomberg do that run? Like how many how
many candidates do we have in
the beginning?
I can't even Yeah,
It was like 35 he spent like Who was it 35 or 45 million just on like ad campaigns, he could have given $1 million dollars to pretty much like everyone in the United States, but instead he just dumped his money there
and
I don't know, I'm not like a total socialist. I think that you should work, you know? I think. But if we had a more even playing field minority communities like could rise up, look for my website coming soon.
X.
Y. Z. Rise up um
that we could be working on the things we love.
That's what
I don't
have Children but I really give a shit about Children and what I'm leaving, you know?
Amen
sister
words.
I
know.
We're like way over
it.
I I do this every time.
have you heard of the People's Party
write
that down? Because you'll see a lot of those people that I mentioned on there. I mean of course they're just up and comers but the people's party is basically what we might see more over the next four years. I mean of course I'd rather have a Green candidate anyway. I'm going to get off the politics talk but I'm I'm I'm ashamed of the United States because I feel like racism is just as bad as it was when I was growing up. We had one token black person in our school that just disappeared, probably the inner city one token Asian person that disappeared. And um because they were obviously the minority. And I was lucky to grow up in a very free, um rural place where I could just run amok like I could go blocks and blocks and just be home by dinner time and
nobody had to worry about anything. I was really lucky in that respect. But I pretty much raised myself and, but we had lots of bullying. We had, you know, the whole before social media bullying. And um,
and I, if I hadn't, if my dad, my dad had National Geographics growing up,
that's how
I learned,
that's how I learned culture. I studied cultures through there and racism was, I didn't, I understood it was bad things were happening to people of different color skin and other places, but I thought we were supposed to be in the civilization. Do you know what I mean? I used to think like now that word means nothing to me before when they kept on. So I was like, but I thought we were civilized and like when I saw racism in action for the very first time, remember I cried for like I cried a very long time. Like I didn't understand didn't register and and then I found out that my mom was pretty much a closet racist like my whole growing up and my dad was not so she kept it hidden from him as well. But it was deep. That's how she grew up though
like,
and
that's
I
just sounded like I just laughed at more.
I
did
bit.
See,
and that's when when you said you were moving to Dallas from Arizona, I kind of went,
Yeah. I didn't mean to be a,
I don't
know.
You know what
I'm feeling
Right. It's
all
over.
That's
well when you said you were making that move, you know the first thing I thought again, it was one of my best friends. She, she just had her first baby at 42 and and she thought about moving up here to southern Oregon because her husband's family is up here and God I missed her so much and how I would love that. But I don't even know if I want to stay here. Like the fires have been so bad the past few years and, but like there's not really any safe place to go anymore. Like, like weather wise, racism, protest
government.
No.
Yeah. Your perspective
not.
Yeah. It's
not
an overnight,
but yeah. But one of the things, you know, a major talk we had a couple of months ago, she asked like, what do you think it would it be like for him growing up there? Because she knows that he's a racial minority here and you know, if you look at Oregon's history, not great for black people and we don't have a huge black population, we have more of a brown population because they're all the immigrant workers that come here to. And in fact, we just had a huge outbreak at a farm in Klamath Falls because they didn't have any protective gear, you know? So they weren't wearing masks Larrea like, uh, you know, but they're also touching, you know, it's not just mass and shit like, you know, like our grocery stores, I don't know how years are down there, but they wipe the counters, they wiped the pens if
your sign
shit, you know, I care more about that than even droplets like personally. Like, cause I try not to get up all like people's business.
Oh shit, that's okay. I have another meeting to 10.15.
Now
I gotta call
Costa Rica. It was really awesome talking to you. So,
um, yeah, look for an up and coming site in the future
for
young
check it out.
and I'm sorry if you learn something you don't want to learn.
Do you want, do you want my facebook handle? Okay.
I'm Jenna fire Ziegler, J E N N F Y R. E. And spain Sigler's E I E G L E R. I don't know who you are because you're Kimberly.
I
think.
I think it's just like, you'll see me without the white in my hair. I'm standing
rock.
I'm,
I
like it like it's half out, but I almost looks like I have a widow speak. It was really nice to me and
you can
really have a great day blessings