a little Mhm.
Uh huh. Did I startle you?
Thank
you?
Okay, how are you today?
Good.
Oh, you know, I got I had one yesterday
and
you're my second you're my second person. So I got girls twice, so I'm just
like
I thought I thought honestly yesterday when I did mind, I was like, oh, so maybe they pair girls with girls and then I saw you and I was like, okay, but I guess not. I guess I'm just lucky that I got
females.
What?
that's true. Right?
Well
maybe because I'm good, I'm good. I was going to because I'm 44, so I was thinking and then I think the lady that I spoke to yesterday was in our age group as well, and so that's why I was like, okay, well maybe they're pairing us with age groups, but I guess that's not the case either because
you said you had college age, so
that's true too. And then I guess it would make more sense
to be diverse because then you can really engage the conversation dynamics. Like how are people conversating when they're different? You know, generations per se or whatever. Like what are they going to talk about or what is because, you know, when you talk, I work with young people, so when you talk with them, the conversations are a little different because you have to kind of be like, okay, are they going to understand where I'm coming from? Like me, I'm a very nostalgic person, so I might say something and they're looking at me like, I don't know what you're talking about. So it all depends,
I
know.
So
where you go ahead,
No, go
ahead.
there was
one,
no, there was one where they saw, it was like a range of things. So they showed them a record player and they showed them a pay phone, a rotary phone
and there was something a record player. So they kinda showed them all, oh and a cassette player too. So they showed them all these different things. And it was just funny because when they showed them the record player, they're like, they were so young that they didn't even really mess with cDS too much I guess, you know? Well I guess so with movies like
DvDS,
right? And so I decided to show it to my kids because I have uh I have four, I have a my oldest is 20, I have a have to remember their ages as I go down 2016 6 and my son will be nine in a few days. So the younger two, I was just like, okay, let me show them these things and see if they, you know, would understand what it is. And so when I showed them the record player, they're like, is it a plate? Like is it something that you put your plate on?
So
it's
fun.
Well
they didn't, they, a lot of the other ones, they just kind of, they kind of got an idea and I think it's because I let them watch like the old school cartoons like tom and jerry. So they knew what the phones were because in the, you know, that's what was going on back then the pay phone. We actually saw one as we were walking in, um, like an older town and I showed it so they knew about that one. I think the ones that were really a little not, they weren't too sure of was the record and the record player because that kind of goes way back.
Uh
I guess it's a form of what you have to do for him, right? Like you know.
Yeah.
Night.
Yeah.
Oh that's
And
where are you located?
I'm in Arizona.
So your
your organs west coast,
I'm from California.
So
rich. Okay. Where about?
It's expensive.
to hear that.
That's
Yeah. I was born in southern California so I was actually, I grew up in
south central Los Angeles
and
I know.
I grew
up in south central L. A. And then things started getting that was like the eighties, obviously we're in the same age group so we can kind of follow what was happening at that time. Um It was it wasn't the best neighborhood but my family, our family unit, we didn't know any better. We just knew we were just brothers and sisters, mom and dad and we were cool. Um But then things started getting a little hectic and then we moved to la puente California. So that's like near Whittier Azusa. Yeah like so we kind of moved out maybe 20 minutes out of L. A. And then my dad had the idea to move to Miami so we drove clear across the country, took everything and only stayed there for about three months. My parents are both from beliefs. Mhm. And so they were like,
well,
thank you, thank you. They're both from Belize and
my dad wanted
us to know a little bit more about our culture where we're from. So we moved to believe I lived there for about 10 years and then wanted to go like you back to California. But
then
I lived there for, yeah,
I moved, we moved there when I was like 15. So
I come it was crazy because it was like I was you know you have your friend groups, you're from you know you all you know is the american way of life and then they decide that they want to move to believes and I was I wasn't
ready for that at the time, but I have to say it was like the best thing that happened to me because not only was I exposed to a different culture, it humbled me a lot and I think it's impacted me into the, it's kind of made me the person I am today, you know, I have a very high tolerance for just different ethnicities, cultures, everything and had to learn how to do a lot of things, the old fashioned way like washing clothes for at hand, you know, just a lot of different
things
that
see. It's like I'm glad though and it's something that I want to pass on
to my
kids because I feel like even Covid has taught us that life isn't always gonna be simple, you're going to have to adjust and adapt and the more you're able to have that mindset, the better you'll be off mentally, because I think it's harder for individuals who don't see outside of their bubble and aren't able to kind of look at other perspectives. I think it's gonna be harder for them to adjust to change if change occurs, which it already has. Um but I just wanted to pass that down to my kids because your life is just, you can't predict what's going to happen down the road, you know what I mean? But
so um I wanted to move back to California from believes, but then it was the cost of everyone was ridiculous. And so I ended up in Arizona and I've been here For almost
19 years
and
in phoenix. So. Yeah. Yeah. So then, um, and then in a, in a few months, my husband and I are actually deciding to move to his hometown in Dallas. So it's gonna be a lot of movement is going to be a new place. New environment. I'm excited though. Yeah. Yeah. What's going on?
All all nice, warm climates. I think this will be the first place that I'll live
where it
gets colder.
No.
So
that's going to be different because I've never lived somewhere where they have like four seasons or, you know, so far away from like, well we're far away from water right now, Arizona is, we're in the desert. But I've always lived places where I was near water. I love water. So, But yeah,
It's, I
don't,
I don't know how I've lasted as long as I have in Arizona. But I do say, you know, there's the pros and the cons, the cons obviously is the heat 120° is not fun. But when you think about it, you're in the house, you know, you're, you're in your office or whatever you're doing. For the
most part.
It's just that transition getting to the car and trying to hold the steering wheel without oven mitts. I've actually done that before. I used to carry a pair in my car because it really gets that hot.
And
yeah, and like, I like hoop earrings when it's summertime. I throw those out because you'll get neck burns with the hoops. It's horrible.
Oh yes, I like support.
So
you're
in Oregon, right?
90s. I love that, Jennifer. Where did that come from?
I love it.
I like it. It's a cool nickname.
Like
I've
never
had
Yeah, I've never had a nickname. And one thing that I learned, you can't just make up a nickname for yourself. Like you cannot do that.
It doesn't work, but I'm fine. My name is Kimberly
Typical 1970s Name.
Oh yeah, I can brilliant. None of her. What
it?
Oh, that's cool.
Are you serious?
Ooh.
I mean, okay, don't, don't panic. But die dirk, you know, like, come on, that's
something
worth.
It's the
blow.
sad.
fires and earthquakes.
So you're like me, you have these things that you just get stuck on watching like videos and
I'm
I
have five things
I blame it
on,
there was a show that used to come on, I don't know if it was nationwide or if it was just a California thing, but I love podcasts and I blame it on Doctor the doctor demento show.
I don't know,
I blame it on that because I was probably, I was probably 10 or 11 when I used to listen to that. So I've just been one of those individuals, I could just sit down and listen to people talk like I love talk radio.
our podcast. I don't know what it is. Sometimes I'm not listening but I'm listening because I think, yeah, it's weird because if you ask me, what are you listening to her? I don't really know because I wasn't paying attention. But then later on I'll remember things and I'm like, I didn't even realize I was, you know, taking all of that in.
Oh, okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm sad that I
found like
me,
I am so confused and conflicted and I it's like I want to do over, like why weren't people paying attention earlier on to make sure that we have some decent people?
No.
it was
one
of those taboo things that it was, it wasn't that you cared. Like when I say that you didn't care, you would be comfortable speaking on it, but it just was not good etiquette of like good social etiquette because it's kind of one of those things when you hear somebody talking about it, you're looking at them like you can keep that to yourself. Like you don't have to I don't know, we're like you said, we're a different era. You know, we grew up in a different time where there was just certain things that you don't it's not that you can't share it, but you don't elaborate on it. You don't judge people for it. You don't create your own judgments on what people who people are and what they are, what they think of based on politics. And I guess that's why because it's the funniest thing, because my stance on a lot of things are different than most people. I think I'm more of a thinker. B and because of that, I don't like to just go with the crowd. I want to be able to take an information. I like to listen to all kinds of different opinions and views and then take
what I understand and go look, look up stuff, research stuff
and
then come to my own conclusion. And when I come to my own conclusion, I usually won't push it down anybody's throat because
I figure, you know what the likelihood of them already knowing what they know and wanting to stick with what they want to stick to is high. Because that's unfortunately the society that we live in, people are less likely to try to look outside of things because of pressure and because of judgment. And so like for me, I'm going to just share something with you. I think the whole idea of wearing masks is ridiculous. It's just me and the reason I feel that way because just doesn't make sense to me. And it doesn't make sense to me, not because it's not because I don't want to do, it's just because it just doesn't mix, you know, like like prohibiting your breath all of this nice fresh air out there that we're kind of changing the way the body works where I'm all about natural herbs. That's how I grew up, my my stepfather, my mom's stepfather was a Bushman, so he knew about all these natural remedies and so that was carried down into me growing
up and we learned that the best way to be healthy is not to restrict yourself, but to strengthen your immune system, you know? And
so go ahead.
No.
Now if
it's
So
if
it's
the
place,
if it's a place like that they demand that you wear, I'm not going to be one of those people are like, you know where I'm gonna wear it. I take one with me to be courteous into. I'm not the type of person that wants to make a scene, but
my
groceries. Yeah. My grocery store that I go to is a major grocery store and they change, they recently changed their signs to request it instead of like required.
It's
like
we're,
yeah, they're like we're just requesting now. So I think they even know at this point that okay, there's a lot of people who aren't wearing their mask or it's not something that we want to just, you know, enforce to that extent. Every state is different though from what I'm learning, there's some states that have fines for it. If there is a state that has a fine for it, am I going to walk around without one? No, I'm going to follow the rules,
but it's just like one of those things where it's what I, the reason why I brought it up was because there was this guy who um I wasn't wearing it in the store. And um he goes, so are you excited for voting day? And I'm looking at him like what? You know? And he's like you're you're voting for trump right? And I'm like, what? Like I was like, I don't am I am I wearing like paraphernalia? Like what,
what, what's
going on here? And so I was like, excuse me? And he goes, well you're not wearing a mess, so you must be a trump supporter. And I was just like, oh wow, I just walked away because
like
what is wrong with people?
Why?
But
I don't understand
where that
comes
from.
I love your outlook because a lot of people don't, don't realize that change when when I say change when it comes to us, it's you can do so much because our minds and our mindsets and and the things that adults are going to do, their choices have already been so solidly set that it's hard to change an adult, but
Children.
No.
But the
focus
is Children. That's
where we have to focus if we want change, if we want things to get better. It starts with young minds who are open to listen, who are open to feel inspired without all the nonsense and garbage of the judgment that's on social media. I cannot stand the judgment on so there lately.
Well you found a fellow person that shares your your your situation,
it's
just
yes. It's one of those things where you just kind of feel like uh uh you have it's kind of like, okay, you're hoping that when you think about all the great things that, you know, politicians say they're going to do in their office, they don't do them. Um Most cases and then the things you just kind of hope that the same rings true with all the negative impacts that can happen. Hopefully, it's just not as bad as we think it may be. You know what I mean? It's
Schoolhouse Rock.
You
know,
and
you're we're not we're not the exception. There's so many because I'm the same as in the same boat as you were, because you you feel like when you're voting, oh, you're just voting for the president, someone's going to make a decision that they're just going to count the ballots and that's it. We don't think about who the representatives are in that the Electoral College and all of that stuff that
impacts, you know, I didn't know about that until like you probably a few years ago.
That's
That's
it.
Way
more than that. Yeah. And, and that's the thing, I think because we live in the social media society where we've encountered the bullying, we've encountered the bullying culture, we've encountered the judgment culture. We've encountered all these things when it comes to politics. It's almost like sports. My dad was a cowboys fan, so I'm a cowboys fan and I'm not going to change my team for anything. Well, research the players. How many injuries has this player had? You know, what what's the, what's the trends that goes on with that team? What's their training like? What's your training like? You could be missing out on all these other great teams and all these other players but you just choose to stick to this team because that is generationally what you're supposed to ride for. It's the same thing with politics. A lot of people don't try to take the time to look at the things that each person has done
trump.
It's all combined. It's super combined and it shouldn't be because doing my research there's been some of things that I look aside I trump about. But there's also been some things that I applauded him for doing. You
know, I applauded him for contributing education. I'm um money funds to H. B. C. U. S. I applauded him for the for allowing um felons to have that second chance to be able to be profitable in society I guess based on certain parameters. There's so many great things that he did and there's so many questionable things that he did, but
what?
you have.
There's and that's a thing
as
right. And the thing that I realize is as individuals, you have to get out of the gang mentality when it comes to politics and not be pressured by other people's expectations of what you should do based on your skin color, based on your social status. But really take some time
to
in,
I'm
gonna take your black card.
It's it's and
that's just the way
it is. That's just the way our society is and
you
just, it should go back to the same thing you were saying. Politics should not be a table conversation. It should not be a dinner table like, well, when
I say
designer
table
confrontation,
there
you go. Yeah.
Well,
I'm laughing because
my eight year old, he was the one that will be nine. He was watching the debate. Um and I like, I like for them to watch things just to see, exposed them to, you know what's going on and see what their responses as kids. Because you know, kids just have that pure mind.
So when the debate was over, he said, Mhm. Those two guys were fighting like kids, like they were arguing like me and L. A. L. A. Is my daughter. They're fighting with me and Ella and biden look like he was reading like cue cards. Like Mhm. He says mom, he looked like he didn't really know what to say and they were telling him what to say. And so I was just like, well, why do you think that son, he goes, I don't know. I just I just observed it. That's just what it looked like to me. What was the point of that whole thing anyway? Because you didn't hear anything that they were talking about. You just focused on them fighting in this. So I was just like and this is coming from the mouth of babes. Like they're seeing this. You know what I mean?
Well
Damn it.
But you know what's crazy? I don't remember caring about Ronald Reagan and George
Bush. Like I didn't care. I knew that they were the president. But as kids we had other things to do. We had other we were it's like even more so I think social media has created the memes and the culture and this, you know? And now you have all the signs everywhere, bumper stickers,
I'm back.
Right. Their parents. Yeah.
They're
playing in the basement like
rocking out.
There.
That
would be awesome.
Not to persuade anybody to choose but to educate
you. Just
educate
yourself.
I
love
that.
I think
that's
not just for young that we need some adults to understand that, to like
get out of your, take some time, sit down with yourself, forget about mom, forget about dad, forget about your aunts, your uncles, your friends and what they're gonna think about you. And if you have to keep it to yourself, learn, keep it to yourself. You know, if if you feel that you've learned some information that opened your eyes to something different and you're like, oh my gosh, I can't believe I see things in this different way. But what are my friends and family going to think about me now that I feel this way. You don't have to talk about that and you don't have to throw it down anybody's, you don't have to push it down anybody's throat. Sometimes it does take for those things to just be a personal, a personal opinion and you take it to the pole and you cast your vote and you hope for the best and
I just
think people
be so much happier. You know,
I've
never heard of that show you said that jim. Is it jimmy?
How
do you spell
his
last name?
I'm gonna look
G R A Y R E Y.
Yeah.
Eat
mike
Bloomberg.
Yeah, I just remember the commercials.
That's
crazy.
Look, hey, let me, I'm
so,
hey,
yep. And that's what matters,
that's what matters.
The
and legacy. what, what a lot of people need to understand is legacies and just about money. It's not what you leave in a bank account is what you leave up here. This,
that's
the true legacy because you
can give your Children the world and feel and, and hope that they can flip it the way you can flip it, but not everyone is the same. Even though they're your child, they're going to be an individual. And the best thing that you could do is give them the knowledge to not just know how to live, but how to make it easier for others around them live. And, and that's the thing that a lot of parents don't think about at the end of the day, they're working their butts off their spending all this time away from their families. And I'm not saying that that's something that people, some people just have to do that. I'm one of those Children, my parents worked really, really hard to give us the life that we have. But there was that balance, which I'm grateful for, that. They created that balance to when it was time to step away and to just teach us lessons and just show us because teaching is not about talking, teaching is showing. So there's so many things I could go on and on and on and on. There's
so many
things
I
know,
but there's so many great forms of legacy that we can give our Children. And the biggest one is to just allow them to be able to Mhm. To get to know information, to research, to read, to expose them to things that are going to make them, like my parents did, made me more humble, made me more tolerant of differences. Like I'm not gonna be I'm not gonna argue with you if you have a different opinion with me, but what I am going to do is ask questions, I want to know why you think the way you think, you know?
No, I don't
think.
Maybe.
Little different but
me too,
tons
of them.
Yeah, and that's
what it
is
and I think that's helped me a lot because obviously being a woman of color, I've experienced it myself, I've, you know so far haven't my Children haven't, but it's funny because they're like my son is the only black um black male in his class And my daughter probably the same, we live in an area where there's lots of mormons. So like there so there are classes like like 80% white, you
know?
No,
no, no,
I get
I get what you're saying, But there's like 80% white and I have those conversations with them often where I asked them, do you still feel, do you feel comfortable around your friends? And the thing about it is is that I'm so grateful that lately it's just been well mom, why are you asking me that? Like, you know, why why would you ask me that? I'm glad that they say why would you ask me that instead of mom? I hate that school or you know, things like that. So in that respect, we've been blessed for them to actually be around kids who are just want to be kids, you know what I mean? But it's not the same everywhere. And I think
it has a lot to do with the parents,
I know. Yeah, and we're kind of that's a big it takes that's like a thing that I am a little leery of, but I think it starts with what you tell your Children, you know what I mean? Like I'm
no, no, you you can
talk
no, trust
me.
I know, I know, but I think when you have Children who are in the society that we are that are susceptible to, you know, racism and things like that because it's not just a black and white thing, there's a
brown
racism,
it's everywhere, there's the asian races, there's a muslim racism, there's all kinds of things. Um it's really about your parenting. What are you teaching your Children? Are you teaching your Children to walk around in fear and to put himself out of fear or are you teaching your Children to be proud of who they are and to still respect people in spite of their ignorance And that's what I teach my Children is like when a person does something, I teach them the concept of hurt people, hurt people that a lot of people act the way they do because that's all they know. And sometimes it just takes a person that's full of love and full of strength and being securing yourself to show them that they could be different,
you know?
The
only 8th place is your
outlook. That's it.
You have to your, your when you create because like you said, we can't change the way the world is. At least not immediately,
it's going to take
some
time.
It's not an overnight things. So it's, it all begins and where the solution lies, it's in our mentality and the way we start to think, you know?
They're
they're very,
You know what? I actually didn't realize it was almost going on 10. I know it's okay. I didn't realize the time and I have somewhere to be, but I don't want to stop talking.
But it was great
talking
to
Jack.
Well, I'm gonna look at all
those
resources. So I uh
potentially I hope that I, you know, can connect with you in some way. That would be awesome.
No, everything, everything that we talked about, I'm glad that we talked about because like I said, I'm I love to learn new things and get perspectives on different things. But I think we have a lot in common in terms of our stance and what we, you know, the things that we're noticing and observing, so yeah.
Go ahead.
Kimber
great. Well, Gray, that's why
I asked you how is Gray spelled? Because you said the gray zone. I'm Kimberly Gray.
I love the
white. I'm
actually trying to starting to embrace minds
too. So
you
still,
Bye.