Hi, how are you?
You
can
let me see. Can you hear me now? Hello? Yeah.
Mhm
Yeah. Um
It says my microphone is on right? Um Mhm. Okay.
One sack. Um
Hello? No. Yeah. Uh
Sorry? Oh. Mhm I don't know what's wrong? Uh huh. Um Mhm
checking my settings. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know what to do. There's like no buttons. Um
Yeah.
Have Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know what to do. I can't find anything. Um
Oh was
I Have no idea. Yeah.
Did
I Yeah
Yeah. Yeah
I've tried reloading it. No, I don't know what to do.
Did
you have to like push anything?
Yeah. You could try. I don't know. Yeah, I've tried reloading and it didn't work. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hello? Okay. No it's okay. Hear me?
There's a little like speaker but there's I don't know what it looks like, it, there's like that in the top but no microphone. Oh Oh yeah
there is.
But I've tried looking at and it doesn't do any.
There is but it doesn't do anything.
Hello,
that backwards. I think it's backwards. Uh huh
uh So frustrating. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, we tried I'll try leaving and coming back again maybe. Uh Mhm Now. Uh huh
Okay.
Mhm I don't know.
No. Do we give up? Uh huh I've tried everything. I can think of
alone. Yeah, I can hear you. Oh,
okay.
Is your volume up?
You're what can
you read
that? Yeah, I'll give you
a Oh my gosh,
that's okay
here.
I just think this threat the 25 minutes from now.
I don't know how useful
before work.
That's okay. I was so confused because all the icons, like I was trying every like variation and that's okay. Yeah.
Hi Jan
I am Sammy, Nice
to meet you.
New Jersey.
Where?
Cool
here. Yeah.
Uh huh. I'm a college student. So I'm actually moving on friday. I'm moving into my dorm. Hopefully I can stay there. I don't know what's going to happen with that. Um I uh
so right now like I've just been like packing and getting ready for that, but pretty, pretty boring.
I'm really excited to go back though. Like I'm hoping everything goes okay and I hope people are able to be
safe, but
I'm gonna be a sophomore. Mhm.
Biology and psychology.
Yeah.
I don't know what I want to do with it yet. I have absolutely no clue. I have a lot of interest but not like I don't know. I feel like the thing that sort of I'm not sure about is like school after like either. Um I don't want to go to medical school, but I'll probably go to graduate school. I still know what I want to do.
Mhm.
Yeah. Hopefully as I like take more classes, I can figure it out more and see. Yeah, and I'm hoping to do like research at some point with my school. Um So maybe I'll find something that way.
I
just
started like a month ago, uh I got my wisdom teeth out and
I
was like really bored so I just wanted something to do and also um like I don't have a job or anything right now, so it's nice to make a little extra money.
How long have you been doing it?
It is
I what, sorry?
Yeah, sometimes they're like sort of like games or like, yeah, I also like sometimes I'll see ones where like I sort of know what's going on with it and I find it interesting to like sometimes I'll like contact the researcher and ask like what was this about like, because it's interesting.
I've used other
survey websites
in the past
that I've used like other survey websites
in the past, but they don't like pay as well and they're boring and just, I like prolific a lot more.
I got interested in it because one of my past professors like she she didn't do a study on prolific, but she did a study online that I participated in. And it got me like thinking like, oh, are there other like people doing this and you can just participate? And so I looked up, I care about what I looked up, but that's how I found it. Yeah.
was born in 2001.
I'm boring, I don't like go out
anything. Most people at my school like to go out and like go to parties and um stuff like that at my school, it's the like party nights are Wednesday uh friday saturday Wednesday because I think most people don't have class in the morning on thursday. I don't know. Uh I go to a small school, we don't we only have a few 1000 students and we're in the middle of nowhere in pennsylvania, so like I guess like for most people that's like the only thing to do I don't enjoy, I just like spend time with my friends or a lot of netflix stuff like that. Um Just because that's what I enjoy. I've also been reading a lot recently, I didn't read last year but I'm looking forward to doing more of that this year. I was obsessed with reading when I was in like middle school.
I
think I've heard of it. Maybe I'm
You
know,
I feel like there are books out there for everybody and people just like see the books that they read for school and like see that as like what reading is and
I never like reading if I'm like forced to do
it. You know like if I can choose the book or especially choose, I mean I usually when I read and I'm reading a book I enjoy, I usually read in like a day. I just I mean I have so much free time like I know you don't so that's not like you can't do that, but I'll just like nonstop reading until I finish it if I get really into it um camera where I was going with that.
Um But like if I'm reading a book for school then there's this like it takes all the fun out of it. Even if I would have enjoyed it. Otherwise I think that turns people off of reading if they're like made to read certain books. Yeah. Yeah.
In one.
I learned about thorough my sophomore year of high school, so it's a little bit off.
I don't know how much of as we read, we mostly in that class mostly red like excerpts not um like large works or short stories. Um But I remember learning about transcendentalism. I was watching jeopardy last night and there was a question about that jeopardy every night with doing dinner with my family.
definitely down.
I
love this one.
I feel so smart. I'm normally fairly good, but my I think my dad probably knows the most, although I'm faster so like I just tried to beat him to it
john
No way.
I just think it's so fun to like recognize stuff that I've learned in school. I feel like it makes me more interested in school because like, I feel like that's something that's weird. I'm more than school because of jeopardy, but like seeing like it's not really an application but like being able to recall like stuff I thought it was just a useless fact. It makes it like it's not useless, especially like history, although a lot of time I'll recognize that like I should know something and then I just can't think of it. That's frustrating.
Yeah. I've lived the same house my whole life.
Yeah. So where I'm living, I'll have um I'm in a single but it's in a sweet that's connected to a double, so I have like two friends and then we share a bathroom. So um which is nice because if I wasn't in that sort of living situation would be like a big communal bathroom with like the whole whole um But they are limiting like how many people in the room so they got rid of triples and quads. Um And they're making us that all food is like take out now so there's no like um you can go in and sit
down and
need. So yeah, I am worried like I'm going to be safe, I'm gonna like socially business everything, but I can't really control how other people act and like I just feel like people aren't going to be as safe as they should be. Like I think people are still gonna party which is so dangerous and I just I just really want to stay in school the wholesome. I started don't wanna have to pack up and go home.
magnet.
I have a friend who says the exact same stuff. My god, he drives me crazy. I don't, I feel like I've been fine with like so we don't agree on like a lot of stuff and it's fine for a while. But like all of this has like really just like made me see it differently. Like how can I just like ignore him being like completely selfish and not caring about other people.
Like
it's just not caring about other people.
Yeah. It really isn't.
And so many people have died. Like the fact that people aren't willing to like do the smallest things in order to prevent people from dying. It's just guys, I don't understand
it.
What?
Mhm.
I hope you know.
I've worked in some senses like my generation is like really progressive and really like on all that stuff but then at the same time like they're always like idiots who are gonna go out and do stuff that they shouldn't be doing it just I don't know. It's just annoying.
It's prolonging how long we have to be like taking all these precautions because other countries who you know everybody did what they were supposed to do, their like able to ease lockdown restrictions and they're like maybe not going back to normal but somewhat normal but we can't do that. Or I mean I guess people are trying to do that but like really shouldn't be. Mhm.
Back my way.
I mean with how things are going, I don't know.
I think if we were smart about it, it wouldn't have to go that far, but it's already been so much worse. Some people predicted, I remember um last year or last semester probably starting in february. Um My bio professor
would always like every single day he would like update us on like how it was progressing back when I was only in china. Like he would show us the chart. Could like tell us about it any new information. But like what before we left for spring break, we didn't know that we were going to be like uh saying home. And he told us like his worst case scenario what he thought it would be. And like it wasn't this bad. Like nobody, I don't think anybody really expected this.
I think we just expected there to be like better leadership. I mean, I don't know. I did even though I don't I don't like have any faith in our current leadership. I just expected somebody to I don't know.
Be
smart
about it.
I know.
Like
ignoring all science. All facts.
No.
I heard that
request so
mad.
The fact
that not much more exists is bad enough, but
the fact that he wants his face added on it.
I know
for a long
drink.
I know the heart.
Yeah. There's no like there's no making sense of his behavior. It's just, I don't know. Thank you. Okay.
Uh huh.
Do you have any hobbies? Yeah.
I've never tried it.
That's nice.
Yeah. It definitely isn't.
Where I have, some of my classes are going to be on zoom um The semester, so like I think professors were able to decide if they wanted to be online or not.
And then also um if we get, so the way that my school is doing is that if you're like in contact with somebody who tests positive, then you're quarantined in your room and then you do online classes. So I think every class is going to have like an online option. I'm not really a lot of work and then if you actually get it then your sense like a hotel and you're like isolated, isolated. Um So I don't really know how that's gonna work, but um I don't like zoom classes, like the last half of my semester, last semester was all in soon because you know, we were sent home and it's just I felt like I didn't learn anything actually wasn't even on, so it was mostly prerecorded lectures, but I took a summer class that was on soon and like I feel like it's much harder to participate because I think it's because when you talk then everybody's looking right at you, but when you're in like a classroom, you know, everybody's just facing the front. I don't know if that's like just a me thing, like just the idea of everybody like looking at me and being
able to see a little pieces when I talk, but that just makes me anxious so I'm just less engaged I guess.
It's like what we have to do, but just
Okay.
I
started
time or two.
No, it's
fine.
It's
fine.
I'm glad we didn't give up. Of course, I had no idea what else to try.
you tell.
Yeah. Hopefully. I hope your yours awesome. Whatever your wife.