Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. Go Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Hello?
I can't
hear
you. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Uh
Mhm Oh Oh
Mhm Right. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah.
Oh
yeah.
Well Oh, okay. Well, no. Yeah, I'm fine with their Uh huh. Mhm Money. Mhm.
Mhm Yeah. Yeah.
Oh
yeah. Oh. Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay. Mhm Oh, I love you. Okay. Okay. Mhm
Mhm. Mhm Yeah.
Uh huh. Mhm Yeah.
You want me to
try to go out?
I can try. Uh huh.
In the top of your screen there, a little microphone.
Over
there's
no microphone there.
It's not doing anything. Hmm. Uh huh. Mhm
I don't know. That's so Oh
Yeah.
Uh huh.
I
don't know.
Four.
Oh,
I don't Okay.
What?
Raise
up.
Me,
Well I'm on my daughter's chromebook because my webcam on my on my laptop just suddenly stopped working so I'm like she must've her voice Oh my God.
Well this is all being recorded and they're gonna
be a huge laugh out of it,
so
probably should.
Oh my God, I'm sorry.
Well hi my name is john
gen
sam
nice to meet you. Where are you from?
Okay, is that where you
live now? Okay. Um I am from and currently live in northern Kentucky, so very close to Cincinnati Ohio right
across the river so Yeah.
So what do you, what does your life entail? What do you do?
Okay.
Well
what
year are you in school?
Well do you know what you're gonna major in yet?
Okay, I was a psychology sociology double major. Um
But I graduated a long time ago.
Yeah, that was me, I I found the topics vary, like I love to study and learn about all of it, I just didn't really know what, how I wanted to apply it after. No your school and so I ended up going to graduate school and got a masters in criminal justice because I'm very interested in psychology and you know how the criminal justice field kind of overlapped and um
left learning about it, but after I got my degree, I was I did like social work for a while. Uh but it was like, I knew, I wasn't really sure where to go with it, so.
Yeah. That's cool, cool. So have you been doing prolific stuff for a while or you somewhat
knew
what?
I
want.
It
I started in february I guess. Um and the way I got started was that my husband had been doing it for a while just kind of like in his spare time kind of just something you know, is he said beer money um and he was he got you know a request for a study that required your spouse to also be on prolific to participate and it paid very well. So he was like, I think you should, you know, sign up to have an account and do the study with me. So I did and then you know right after february, March hit and we all started staying home pretty much all the time and I was I had a lot of extra time, so I just kind of wood log into my prolific account and just leave my computer open while I was home and I have two kids so you know dealing with them. And if I would see a study pop up and I have the time I would do it and I just have really kept doing it even I'm still I'm working part time again as well and I just keep doing it because I like its good side money.
It's a
just sometimes you get some studies that are actually pretty interesting.
Well
with
one thing
I'm sorry
have.
Yeah. This is really the only one I've ever I've done like in person research type stuff. Um You know where you do like product testing and kind of stuff. Um We live really close to Procter and Gamble, so they do a lot about their, but this is really the only online one. And like I said, I mean it's really convenient because you do it if if you have time and if you don't then that's fine too. Oh yeah.
So what else? Let's see what other questions tell me about college life these days. I literally I graduated from college in 2000, so I've been out of that. And
well what do, what do college kids do for fun? Is it all about like online stuff now or?
No.
Well I also, I love to read I mean if I have free time and I can find a good book, I'm great. Unfortunately now that I have kids, I don't have a lot of free time. Um But occasionally I like I'm just finishing up one right now. Um The turn of the key by ruth ware. I don't know if you
like.
it's her newest one is pretty good. Um but I just don't often get the time and I my oldest daughter is 11 and so I'm really trying to push her like when she says I'm bored, I want to get on and play a game like oh why don't you read a book? You know encourage. It's just funny to me like I don't I think that people that enjoy reading unfortunately are kind of like a dying breed because you know, technology and and just the online world and is taking I mean when I was younger that didn't exist so you know we didn't have much to do. I grew up in the country and um so reading was you know that was one of the things we did. I just I wish that it was still as loved and you know um so it's good
for
that that you like that.
No
Opera.
Um You were just talking about
I agree. Yeah. But then it's funny because books that I didn't enjoy reading in school, I still remember things about them and you know you would think if you didn't even read it, if you didn't enjoy it when you read it and were forced to do it that it would kind of be one of those things that you would just after the fact like kind of let go in your memory.
But I find that I was just talking my daughter yesterday I was like oh you need to start thinking about, you should look into learning or reading some thorough and she's like what's that? Mm I guess I was a little older than you when I had to read that. But
Yeah. She's going into sixth grade I guess. They haven't, they haven't been on that yet. I quoted something and she just looked at me like what? Mhm Uh huh. Okay. But I remember I did not enjoy reading thorough and in high school at all.
jeopardy is one of our favorites. My husband martyrs in me and um he's an engineer, so he just has one of those minds that like, I don't know. And so we always like to turn jeopardy on and compete against each other.
He always beats me. So, but it's still, unless it's like teen week and then I'm like, it's
pretty cute
really get that. Um
Mhm. My husband's cousin was actually on jeopardy several years ago
and she lost, she she played against ken Jennings like the
yeah and lost went down in flames. But he likes to say, well, you know jeopardy people just run in my family. Uh Okay, babe. But yes, we are jeopardy in our house as well.
Yeah. Well, wait, so you get about 20 years older. Forgiving everything. Oh goodness. So did you um did you grow up there in New Jersey then?
Okay. Fabulous. So in the summers you you live with your parents then in the summer you go back to the dorm. What normal life do you have roommates? Are they social distancing you guys this year?
It's
family.
I think that's one of the things that's the most frustrating, not only for me, but for my kids and explaining it to them. You know, if we, if everyone would just do what we need to do to be safe, then things wouldn't be as bad. I mean, it would we would probably still be dealing with coronavirus, but it wouldn't be as bad as as it is and we wouldn't have to miss out on all the fun things and life events that are getting canceled and just, I don't I don't understand. I have a hard time understanding that way of thinking that people who are like, well, they're just trying to control us and they're just trying to take away our rights
and
that's, you
know, it's just,
yeah, I agree. Especially when other people, I mean there are other people who are so vulnerable to it. Um and you're just basically like giving them a middle finger, you know what I mean? It's just wearing a mask or not. You know, and it's just the simple things, it's not wearing a mask is okay, it's not fun. Sometimes it makes you hot but it's really not a big dino
very easy to do um socially distancing. I mean sometimes it's inconvenient yes but again fairly easy to do wash your hands you know it's just it's like it's stuff that's really going to change your life dramatically. Uh
I
know I agree totally. And unfortunately I mean it says a lot about our society and where you know where
we are right now it's uh scary. It's just that people are so on there just selfish like you said they just only if it affects them it's important if it doesn't then you know um
So yeah I I hope things get better for more you know the younger generation to be able to grow up and
I don't know enjoyable life. Yeah.
it is yeah, I agree. 100%. So it's it's frustrating when it's things that when you're doing your part but others aren't and you have no control over that, you know, that frustrates me too. It's like world following the rules and behaving and you know, but it's still affecting us because other people are just being idiots. Well.
It's gonna be interesting with, my youngest is supposed to be in preschool this year and then my oldest is in public school and they both schools say they, you know, they have a plan my oldest is doing the hybrid option where she'll be In school face to face two days a week. But they're going to have a much decreased population in the building so they can spread out and they have to wear mask and then the other three days she's going to be doing virtual learning online and then the little one for preschool, they're just saying they're going to decrease their class sizes a little and they're not making the little ones wear masks but they're planning on going back at this point and the teachers will wear a mask and they won't move around the building into different classes. Um But it's it's gonna be interesting to see because I mean things change by the day by day right now, you know, so they could have a plan today and tomorrow that plan could totally change.
So it's definitely going to be an interesting fall winter. Hopefully it doesn't go much past there but I don't know
and now.
The
No.
at
least
educate
him like mar I totally on board with you, I don't, I I feel like under different leadership it could have been a lot different and that's another thing that just just scary to me is that this is the number of people that I think this is great leadership
and
well uh
yeah, yeah actually saw an article now, I don't know how true it was, it was it was on Rolling Stone dot com so I feel
like that's you know not where I get my news, but it's it's a fairly horrible website that the president or the White House was asking the national parks if they could, if his face could be added to Mount Rushmore,
it's like oh my God are
you,
I
mean
well
my gosh
it was like wow, that's yeah perfect,
I keep like things like that happen and I think wow, this guy cannot do anything else to surprise me or to just
like make my jaw hit the floor and then the next day he does.
it is. Uh Yeah, I don't know.
Let's see what else. Uh huh.
Yeah.
well more kids. Um I taught jazzercise, I loved it. I did it for 11 years. Um I still go as a student, but I don't teach anymore. Um but yeah, it was, it was like major stress relief for me to,
yeah, there's a lot of fun. I feel like the dance and you're like music and um I never really felt like I was working out which made it easier to stick with
now if I hate my workout, I'm not going to do it. Um So I still do it, well not now, but I still did that before before things changed and I was a part of a mops group which is mothers of preschoolers. Um and so that was fun. We did like, we would get together every week and the moms would talk and the kids would play and it was a good circle of support and friendship and now we're trying to stay in touch through like zoom and facebook. It's just hard. It's not the same.
So I'm not a big fan of zoom communications. There's always a lag and you're always talking over someone and then you feel, I don't know, it's just Yeah.
Where?
When?
Yeah. Yeah. I know my my daughter about the same way last at the end of last quarter, when they were doing in school at home, she was like, it's just, I don't really get involved. Like she just doesn't feel like it was engaging I guess. Yeah. Yeah,
I know. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, I show on my end that we have actually been talking for 25 minutes now, it
was the
same.
Okay, fabulous. And I cannot apologize to you enough for wasting
and
for
your
life.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad you had that idea because I'm not even familiar enough with the chromebook to like think of that. Well, I don't know, but it was great to meet you
and chat with you and I hope your school year is awesome.
Yeah. Whatever. That looks like All right, we'll talk to you soon. Bye bye.