SPEAKER_L: Okay, mm Yeah, yeah. Hey, hi,
SPEAKER_R: How are you doing to their
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: uh, pretty good. But I just, I mean, I'm a bit tired, but because I just woke up, but you know, other than that's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm a little tired to what time is it where you are?
SPEAKER_R: I tell you you got him over here.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Got it to love in here. But we're yeah, I'm in Pittsburgh, where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in California right now, so,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool, got it, are you, are you in school or anything?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm currently a college student. So, um, I've just been attending some online classes. Really? Because you know, this whole thing is going on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, I'm in school too, I just started um grad school and
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: it's online
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: want,
SPEAKER_L: the online learning is horrible. Um At least I don't like it, I don't know, I have something for you.
SPEAKER_R: Um, I mean, it's not as bad as I thought it would be, but it's definitely not ideal. Like I can't, I haven't made any friends since going to college and like, uh, yeah, it's pretty bad because like it's really awkward in the zoom calls where like everybody just has their cameras off and like mute it every time. And then like the teacher tries to like foster some engagement by asking some questions and then there's like the same like two or three people answering the same questions time over and over and like, yeah, that's really squeeze the same thing over and over each day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty, it's like it's pretty isolating. Um and then it is like I have this one professor who
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: frequently basically like demands that people like a mute say like yes or like I understand and it's just like really weird and unnatural feeling what you're are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm currently a software right now, so I
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: you I'm studying my coat and cell biology. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Turn
SPEAKER_R: What did you major in undergrad?
SPEAKER_L: material science Engineering.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. No, that sounds really tough tomorrow.
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing the same thing for grad school down. Just make anything there.
SPEAKER_R: Have you begun like, have you begun like any like ta ship any undergrads or you just currently attending? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just um finishing my core
SPEAKER_R: There was
SPEAKER_L: classes and
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: so once
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: finish my,
SPEAKER_R: sorry
SPEAKER_L: no it's fine. Um So I think that I'll be able to do ta stuff next semester so this is just my first semester.
SPEAKER_R: now your first year grad student though? Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah 1st Year I had actually done a year at a different school but I didn't like my advisor, so I transferred to where I went to undergrad. Um. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: said.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of enjoying, they like they didn't say classes will be online or in person until like they started basically so like I'm renting an apartment here and I could just be like living at home for free and it's kind of a kind of annoying. But
SPEAKER_R: What made you want to major in material sciences?
SPEAKER_L: I actually went to um I went to an engine, I knew I wanted to do something in engineering and when I was in like my junior year of high school um I went to an engineering camp and they had like all of the different like kind of like displays or interest engineering. And I had never heard about material science before because like I feel like a lot of people haven't heard of it. Um But just like after the intro I like texted my dad and like I found what I want to do for the rest of my life, so like it just like it's just like instantly clicked. I think that it's good for. I feel like at the time my goal in life was to like get a basic understanding of the physical world and like why things are how they are and I think material science is the best for that. Um Yeah. What about you? Why did you choose your your field?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well like I'm really interested in like cells and how they work and particularly like I'm really intrigued by like cancer and how like it's able to like, you know, do this stuff, it's able to do but like it's like a horrible disease. So like I want to be able to like contribute to like research or like maybe like academic medicine that could like help like tree and like perhaps like key or some parts of the at least.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool. Yeah. Something that touches that been an interest of yours for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because like numerous family members uh in my family have like cancer and they sadly some already succumb to it. So like yeah it's been like a motivation of mine Roy
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I got it. Yeah it's pretty cool. I feel like for a while like my interests um my academic interests have been excuse me like really removed from I guess like social impact. Like I think that it's been purely like in the pursuit of general knowledge um And I don't know if that's something that I've been thinking about lately, kind of the idea of social impact and like if what I'm studying can actually be a benefit to people. Um But yeah I think it's good to have that from the get go. You know I think especially in engineering disciplines it's kind of weird like there isn't a lot of talk about like the morals of engineering um
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: for the ethics of engineering so for instance so I go to Carnegie Mellon and we're like a huge, we have huge contracts with the Department of Defense and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: And I know that like weapons companies are always interested in undergrads and stuff and material science and like we never talked about any of the moral implications of our work and it's something that I've only really started to think about recently, so it's kind of disturbing. Um Yeah, and I also, I also dated someone who was in computer science and like see me is like such a big computer, like important computer science role and they never spoke about ethics, which is insane because like yes,
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: pretty disturbing. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: eat,
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: are you thinking of ways to integrate like social justice into your career or has it just been a recent thought of?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I have been thinking about it recently. Um I think that I think over like the past year I've been going through a lot of personal changes I think that um so the place where I went to school before it was in Connecticut and I lived in a really rural area and I started to get much more in touch with like nature and the natural world.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: And then I started to think more about like I guess like capitalism and history of us imperialism and all of that stuff, so and it's something I really really don't want to be a part of. Um So I've been thinking about that more and more. Um and I'm not totally sure what to do. So I think that before my old research had um connections to nuclear energy, which I felt like good about. And right now my research is more connected to industry, which I don't feel so good about.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not totally sure, but I do know that I've told my advisors that like I refuse to work on any work that I think is like unethical. Um And hopefully I'll find something to. Honestly I've been thinking about like just buying some land with some family and friends and just like living off of the land, it's like completely
SPEAKER_R: Just make it like a utopia and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah right, like a little copy. It sounds nice, so I've been thinking of that, but I feel like I can get more creative with my solutions. I think mostly I'm thinking about some nuclear if I can do something with like nuclear energy or something like that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well aren't there like a bunch of misconceptions around nuclear energy? Like people think of like, you know, a bombs and like Hiroshima when they think of like nuclear energy, but then they don't like uh they don't like think about the implications of like how much energy can generate and like how much you could actually do really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, so nuclear energy is a pretty misunderstood field, which is a shame because like it could fix, it could easily meet all of humanity's energy demands. Uh And yeah so yeah, but at the same time I think humanity needs like a huge reckoning with how it is currently existing and doesn't necessarily need something that will be able to meet all of its energy demand rather needs a complete restructuring.
SPEAKER_R: there this year has been crazy. Like there's a there's been a lot of stuff that's been going on that like, you know, it makes you question humanity and like what, what are we doing with ourselves? Like it's Oh man, like I don't know, this year has been so crazy. It's been my by far the most eventful year I've ever lived. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. Have you been, I guess like how affected by coronavirus have you been?
SPEAKER_R: um financial, I haven't been hit hard because my parents haven't been for a load or weight off and I'm pretty different on them so I guess I'm pretty grateful for that. But I mean mm I mean I haven't been hit as hard as other people because I am like relatively mentally strong, so like I'm not like prone to like being depressed or being down I guess, but like it's just been difficult to deal with these decisions um are the circumstances I guess because like I don't know uh connections are really hard to make online and my other friends are just like chilling at home doing whatever, you know, they're just chugging out long just as everybody else is. So like I mean it's not like really really bad for me but like it's definitely not ideal. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I think that the loneliness has been, I don't know you mentioned that you haven't been able to like make new friends and your program and stuff like that. Um and I think that, I don't know, I think at the same time, I feel like humanity stands to learn like so many lessons from this. I don't know whether or not both will be implemented, but like I think that it is important for people to be reminded of like the importance of community and connection because I think that there was like this general tendency towards thinking that people can exist like by themselves sort of like that. It's like I think that's an increasing tendency towards like replacing inhuman things with technology and stuff like that. Um And I think it's good to be reminded that there is a limit and that people need to see people and feel like they're part of the community. Um Yeah, but I don't know, I just missed like hugging my mom.
SPEAKER_R: You said you moved from Connecticut, does your mom still move within Connecticut?
SPEAKER_L: so my family is actually, so I'm from Brooklyn new york, so my family
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: is actually based in Brooklyn. Um so that's where they are, and then I came to Pittsburgh for undergrad and then I moved to Connecticut for one year of grad school, then I came back to Pittsburgh, so
SPEAKER_R: Fly.
SPEAKER_L: that's been what I love to. Yeah, but um yeah, it's been a pretty spicy year. I mean, like I personally think that this is the first year in many years of kind of the same, you know? And yeah, it's not like it's not like a year has like some special property worth, like at the end of the year, everything is different and new. It's like that's 20, Like I think that, you know, like climate catastrophes are just going to get worse and coronavirus is gonna take a long time to sort out. I don't know. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Like if if everybody, I don't know, I just think of like a lot of what it's like hypotheticals like uh like in december when we first heard about coronavirus and like I just looked at the case numbers by the W. H. O. And like we have like four cases or something. Like it's not that big, you know shit, There's just like four people up in like Seattle or something. And then like february march rolls around and it's like a balloon to like, I don't know like 10,000 people like all right, maybe it's still containable. And then like yeah months later. And then like everything is locked down and then like we can't go outside. I'm like all right. Maybe maybe they'll be able to do something eventually, maybe like in the next like four months and then time keeps on dragging on, dragging on. And then like the numbers don't seem to be like slowing down all that too much. And then I'm like, all right, well, I guess this is the normal
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. It was
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: and it
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: has been kind of remarkable though, I think especially at the beginning to see, I feel like it was a very, very unique thing to experience the shutdown of like modern society in particular because that's the only uh huh it was just kind of amazing. Like I wasn't in new york, but my family was and they were talking about it just being empty outside like Manhattan just being empty,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: I cannot.
SPEAKER_L: is like yeah, right. Like so wild. And I also think that I hope that is, can at least allow people to envision like a widespread, widespread, unified response to climate change too, because like, that's like kind of government, like intervention that's needed in my opinion. Um So I don't know, I think it's like a little taste for the, for the vast is of like, right,
SPEAKER_R: I mean like I'm sure like pollution and stuff that harms the environment has gone like drastically down since
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: we've.
SPEAKER_L: down. Yeah, it's been crazy.
SPEAKER_R: but we need to take more measures towards it because like I don't like I'm not sure where the numbers come from, but like we only have like a set number of years to put in a plan and fix it and then like another and then like an extra number of years before like everything just goes down the drain and like we can't do anything anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yep. So we have um I think right now it's like eight years um to if we still want to meet the 1.5C degree um guidelines, which is still devastating, like that's still an absolutely insane. That's it's crazy that that's like
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: everything will be vaguely okay, well, but yeah, so far not looking so good. Um Yeah, we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Isn't the biden administration plan to rejoin the paris climate accords or something like that?
SPEAKER_L: they do. But unfortunately, so I think I'm personally like very, very critical of the biden administration, but the paris climate agreement isn't, it already doesn't account for a lot of major feedback loops because when they were making it, they couldn't model them properly, so they just excluded them. So it drastically underestimates the impact of like feedback loops and like overall, I think the overall rate of like climate change, and I think that no country has met um or at least definitely no first world countries have met um the guidelines that have been set out by it. So I think that the paris climate agreement is kind of like, there's this one podcast I listened I listened to called Ashes Ashes and they talk about systemic collapse and they likened the climate paris agreement to like there's like a train coming and humanity has decided that it's going to stay on the train tracks no matter what. And it's that the paris Climate industry agreement is like stacking up styrofoam to stop with trey. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's what you're all right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, so I'm not very and I think that like another thing about the biden administration is that if you look on there, first of all,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: He's like, he also supports fracking, which is insanity because it's been said by um It's known that like in order to meet the 1.5°C skull, like all of the rest of the oil in the United States and I think all of the arctic oil needs to stay in the ground like it's like necessary. So it's like, I don't know, I think that it's kind of, personally I'm a little frustrated by like, I think that's the biden administration has marketed itself as like listening to facts and following science. But in my opinion, I think that they're like climate plan is evidence of not listening to science were just like they say you need drastic measures, man that's not fracking isn't drastic. That
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think they're more of like just uh I mean they lean more left than obviously the republicans, but they're more centrist based, I guess they're not that radical about their policies. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: moderates through and through. Which is a real, real shame because I don't know, I feel like humanity like we don't really have time to be messing around with modern
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: need change now. Mm hmm. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: let's see. Did you fall the presidential election closely like a week ago?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was following it. I think that like generally I wasn't too I wasn't too interested just because I think I mostly look at I think I look at politics mostly through the lens of climate change. And I felt like the biden administration would lure people into like this false sense of comfort about climate change that isn't justified at all. Whereas the trump administration would have people continue to panic about climate change, which I think is important. So,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so I wasn't like too invested in the results of the election honestly, but I did follow it and I don't know, we might get a Q. I don't know. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I didn't really have any preference for really, which can at one because I'm really like politically apathetic except for like a single key issues. But none of them were really focused on this election. So I don't really care that too much. So like, I don't know, it was kind of like a pediatric, if you will with my friends because we just I set up a stream and we just watched it together and see the map unfold. So like um yeah, I'm not that protocol over. So like I'm not like well knowledge did in like a lot of the stuff they're debating. It's just interesting to see how it folds out. But like I want to change that in the future. I want to become more educated about the stuff that really matters to us really.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Yeah, that's really that, I don't know, that's a cool goal to have. Um what are just curious like what are some of your key issues that you felt um weren't being spoken about
SPEAKER_R: Um I mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: and if you weren't, if you don't have any, that's fine too.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I'm mature enough to develop a position where I don't know where I know which positions are. I don't even know why I said they weren't discussing key issues because I have key issues. So
SPEAKER_L: Got it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. My bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not at all. I was just wondering, it's fun, but I think it's really cool that you, I don't know if you're interested in learning more
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: about it because I mean like, I don't know, I personally think that like the presidential election isn't that I don't know, I think like local politics is infinitely more important than
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: presidential elections, but um I'm
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: like, so I'm admittedly like very, very, I'm quite far left. Um But if you're interested at all, I can tell you some of the more like political podcasts that I listen to um that I think are like interesting
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: and informative. Just if you I mean like it's fine if you're not really that interested, but um
SPEAKER_R: I'm down the whistle. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. So um so I guess like one podcast that is kind of more moderate in my opinion, but it does go over like political like policy things that are happening in the White House, it's called the weed. Um
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: So the weeds like in the weeds.
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, so a little more moderate but still left. Um And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it's really
SPEAKER_R: talk
SPEAKER_L: cool. They just
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: like breakdown of policy stuff
SPEAKER_R: sister,
SPEAKER_L: that I never would have felt like I
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: had access
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And then there's also a podcast called citations needed and they do analysis, like they do media analysis um which is really interesting to seeing like how the media discusses different topics. Um So they also talked about a lot of topics to and then the other one called Ashes. Ashes talked about systemic collapse. So they talked about like infrastructure stuff happening in the U. S. Um and climate change and some of the policies are leading to those things. So and
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: that there at least um citations needed in Ashes Ashes, I think that they're very critical of books like the Republican establishment but also very critical of the democratic establishment too. So you get a little kind of get both sides a little spicy.
SPEAKER_R: Anyway
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um How many classes do you have right now?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like how much
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: taste
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: buds?
SPEAKER_R: taking like 15 units and I'm gonna course this stuff so like it's not like terribly it's not a terrible work would but like I'm really like unmotivated right now, I just don't want to do anything really.
SPEAKER_L: yep. I feel yeah I'm right there with you. I just it's kind of weird. It just like feels like it's like I know that it matters because grades and grades matter and whatever, but I'm just kind of like none of it feels like a badge of all our like relevant. I'm just like, I don't know, it's just so it's so hard to, I just I don't know, I feel like humans just weren't supposed to learn this way. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like it's just not the same. Like you can't just replace learning like that. Like you need like face to face human interaction, not just like looking through a screen like I don't know about you but like I just can't focus through
SPEAKER_L: I can't focus. Yeah, it's like my brain is actively trying to sabotage me. Like it's like, but you could have so many tabs open right now and I'm like, oh
SPEAKER_R: It's and so like more into just like not pay attention but like you know I'm paying for this stuff like please don't do this well, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's crazy. I'm lucky because like, I have a stipend so like I'm not I don't have to pay tuition, I can't imagine paying tuition right now. I'd be so wealthy. Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I feel like education is getting ripped off like there's still like the same ridiculous prices except just without the house board. But like I don't pay like thousands of dollars for like and and education you could get like a regular CC near you. Like it's just like a big rip off.
SPEAKER_L: It's a huge rip up and I think also the way that I see it is like if they were to lower the cost, they would have to justify the high costs in the first place in order to justify like how much they're decreasing it. So I don't think that they'll ever give a discount because they can't justify the cost in the first place.
SPEAKER_R: It's so ridiculous. I don't know. I don't know man. It's just like colleges have like all just have this secret agreement to just like overcharge their students and then like, I don't know, some of them don't know. It's whatever though.
SPEAKER_L: it's horrible. But also just a kind of interesting thing is like so most universities were either extremely cheap or free up until the '60s. Um and then I think that the Reagan administration um but like kind of markets like they were like, oh this is bullshit, like look at all these hippies just using all of our money to just like have sex in schools and that's when like school started getting privatized, so that's kind of interesting policies but totally fucked up in horrible America's fat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this american greed knows no bounds like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: bounds.
SPEAKER_R: there there's some crazy stuff that goes out like yeah, I don't know like I just hear these stories of like you know people like doing tax division using these crazy policies and like why would you even do that? You already make like millions of dollars? You really deep billions of dollars. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: It's horrible, insupportable capitalism. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: Yes. No,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't really gonna say anything. You can go.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. No, I don't I don't have anything,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't set a timer so I don't even know what time does.
SPEAKER_L: We're we have we have
SPEAKER_R: Let's go
SPEAKER_L: met
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: time, so we're good to we're good to go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well it
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: was cool talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's nice talking to you too. Good luck with your classes.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: We're all gonna just like we're all in this together
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Right. All right. Bye.