How are you doing to their
uh, pretty good. But I just, I mean, I'm a bit tired, but because I just woke up, but you know, other than that's pretty good.
I tell you you got him over here.
I'm in California right now, so,
Yeah, I'm currently a college student. So, um, I've just been attending some online classes. Really? Because you know, this whole thing is going on. Yeah.
Do
you
want,
Um, I mean, it's not as bad as I thought it would be, but it's definitely not ideal. Like I can't, I haven't made any friends since going to college and like, uh, yeah, it's pretty bad because like it's really awkward in the zoom calls where like everybody just has their cameras off and like mute it every time. And then like the teacher tries to like foster some engagement by asking some questions and then there's like the same like two or three people answering the same questions time over and over and like, yeah, that's really squeeze the same thing over and over each day. Yeah.
What?
I'm currently a software right now, so I
tell
you I'm studying my coat and cell biology. Uh
What did you major in undergrad?
Uh huh. No, that sounds really tough tomorrow.
Have you begun like, have you begun like any like ta ship any undergrads or you just currently attending? Yes.
There was
long
time.
Are
you
sorry
now your first year grad student though? Huh?
I
said.
What made you want to major in material sciences?
Um Well like I'm really interested in like cells and how they work and particularly like I'm really intrigued by like cancer and how like it's able to like, you know, do this stuff, it's able to do but like it's like a horrible disease. So like I want to be able to like contribute to like research or like maybe like academic medicine that could like help like tree and like perhaps like key or some parts of the at least.
Yeah because like numerous family members uh in my family have like cancer and they sadly some already succumb to it. So like yeah it's been like a motivation of mine Roy
huh
You know?
Crazy.
I
eat,
are you thinking of ways to integrate like social justice into your career or has it just been a recent thought of?
that's
You
know,
Just make it like a utopia and stuff like that.
Well aren't there like a bunch of misconceptions around nuclear energy? Like people think of like, you know, a bombs and like Hiroshima when they think of like nuclear energy, but then they don't like uh they don't like think about the implications of like how much energy can generate and like how much you could actually do really?
there this year has been crazy. Like there's a there's been a lot of stuff that's been going on that like, you know, it makes you question humanity and like what, what are we doing with ourselves? Like it's Oh man, like I don't know, this year has been so crazy. It's been my by far the most eventful year I've ever lived. So
um financial, I haven't been hit hard because my parents haven't been for a load or weight off and I'm pretty different on them so I guess I'm pretty grateful for that. But I mean mm I mean I haven't been hit as hard as other people because I am like relatively mentally strong, so like I'm not like prone to like being depressed or being down I guess, but like it's just been difficult to deal with these decisions um are the circumstances I guess because like I don't know uh connections are really hard to make online and my other friends are just like chilling at home doing whatever, you know, they're just chugging out long just as everybody else is. So like I mean it's not like really really bad for me but like it's definitely not ideal. Oh
You said you moved from Connecticut, does your mom still move within Connecticut?
And
Fly.
Like if if everybody, I don't know, I just think of like a lot of what it's like hypotheticals like uh like in december when we first heard about coronavirus and like I just looked at the case numbers by the W. H. O. And like we have like four cases or something. Like it's not that big, you know shit, There's just like four people up in like Seattle or something. And then like february march rolls around and it's like a balloon to like, I don't know like 10,000 people like all right, maybe it's still containable. And then like yeah months later. And then like everything is locked down and then like we can't go outside. I'm like all right. Maybe maybe they'll be able to do something eventually, maybe like in the next like four months and then time keeps on dragging on, dragging on. And then like the numbers don't seem to be like slowing down all that too much. And then I'm like, all right, well, I guess this is the normal
let's
go.
No,
I cannot.
I mean like I'm sure like pollution and stuff that harms the environment has gone like drastically down since
we've.
but we need to take more measures towards it because like I don't like I'm not sure where the numbers come from, but like we only have like a set number of years to put in a plan and fix it and then like another and then like an extra number of years before like everything just goes down the drain and like we can't do anything anymore.
Thank
you.
Isn't the biden administration plan to rejoin the paris climate accords or something like that?
that's that's what you're all right,
you
know?
Yeah. I think they're more of like just uh I mean they lean more left than obviously the republicans, but they're more centrist based, I guess they're not that radical about their policies. Uh huh.
We
need change now. Mm hmm. Um
let's see. Did you fall the presidential election closely like a week ago?
No.
Um I didn't really have any preference for really, which can at one because I'm really like politically apathetic except for like a single key issues. But none of them were really focused on this election. So I don't really care that too much. So like, I don't know, it was kind of like a pediatric, if you will with my friends because we just I set up a stream and we just watched it together and see the map unfold. So like um yeah, I'm not that protocol over. So like I'm not like well knowledge did in like a lot of the stuff they're debating. It's just interesting to see how it folds out. But like I want to change that in the future. I want to become more educated about the stuff that really matters to us really.
Um I mm hmm.
I don't think I'm mature enough to develop a position where I don't know where I know which positions are. I don't even know why I said they weren't discussing key issues because I have key issues. So
yeah. My bad. Yeah.
Thank
you. Yeah.
my
Or
I'm down the whistle. Yeah.
Thank you.
You know,
you
talk
to
your
sister,
something
like
that. Mhm.
It's
not
Anyway
I
know
I'm
only
taking like 15 units and I'm gonna course this stuff so like it's not like terribly it's not a terrible work would but like I'm really like unmotivated right now, I just don't want to do anything really.
like it's just not the same. Like you can't just replace learning like that. Like you need like face to face human interaction, not just like looking through a screen like I don't know about you but like I just can't focus through
It's and so like more into just like not pay attention but like you know I'm paying for this stuff like please don't do this well, you know.
I don't know. I feel like education is getting ripped off like there's still like the same ridiculous prices except just without the house board. But like I don't pay like thousands of dollars for like and and education you could get like a regular CC near you. Like it's just like a big rip off.
It's so ridiculous. I don't know. I don't know man. It's just like colleges have like all just have this secret agreement to just like overcharge their students and then like, I don't know, some of them don't know. It's whatever though.
this american greed knows no bounds like
there
there there's some crazy stuff that goes out like yeah, I don't know like I just hear these stories of like you know people like doing tax division using these crazy policies and like why would you even do that? You already make like millions of dollars? You really deep billions of dollars. Mhm,
Yes. No,
I wasn't really gonna say anything. You can go.
I didn't set a timer so I don't even know what time does.
Let's go
over
here.
Well it
was cool talking to you.
You too. Yeah.
We're all gonna just like we're all in this together