Okay, mm Yeah, yeah. Hey, hi,
I'm good, how are you?
Yeah, I'm a little tired to what time is it where you are?
Okay. Got it to love in here. But we're yeah, I'm in Pittsburgh, where are you?
Okay, cool, got it, are you, are you in school or anything?
Yeah, Yeah, I'm in school too, I just started um grad school and
it's online
and
the online learning is horrible. Um At least I don't like it, I don't know, I have something for you.
it's pretty, it's like it's pretty isolating. Um and then it is like I have this one professor who
frequently basically like demands that people like a mute say like yes or like I understand and it's just like really weird and unnatural feeling what you're are you in?
what
are you studying?
Turn
material science Engineering.
I'm doing the same thing for grad school down. Just make anything there.
I'm just um finishing my core
classes and
stuff
so once
I
finish my,
no it's fine. Um So I think that I'll be able to do ta stuff next semester so this is just my first semester.
Yeah 1st Year I had actually done a year at a different school but I didn't like my advisor, so I transferred to where I went to undergrad. Um. Yeah
and
it's kind of enjoying, they like they didn't say classes will be online or in person until like they started basically so like I'm renting an apartment here and I could just be like living at home for free and it's kind of a kind of annoying. But
I actually went to um I went to an engine, I knew I wanted to do something in engineering and when I was in like my junior year of high school um I went to an engineering camp and they had like all of the different like kind of like displays or interest engineering. And I had never heard about material science before because like I feel like a lot of people haven't heard of it. Um But just like after the intro I like texted my dad and like I found what I want to do for the rest of my life, so like it just like it's just like instantly clicked. I think that it's good for. I feel like at the time my goal in life was to like get a basic understanding of the physical world and like why things are how they are and I think material science is the best for that. Um Yeah. What about you? Why did you choose your your field?
Okay. Cool. Yeah. Something that touches that been an interest of yours for a while.
Okay. I got it. Yeah it's pretty cool. I feel like for a while like my interests um my academic interests have been excuse me like really removed from I guess like social impact. Like I think that it's been purely like in the pursuit of general knowledge um And I don't know if that's something that I've been thinking about lately, kind of the idea of social impact and like if what I'm studying can actually be a benefit to people. Um But yeah I think it's good to have that from the get go. You know I think especially in engineering disciplines it's kind of weird like there isn't a lot of talk about like the morals of engineering um
for the ethics of engineering so for instance so I go to Carnegie Mellon and we're like a huge, we have huge contracts with the Department of Defense and stuff like that.
And I know that like weapons companies are always interested in undergrads and stuff and material science and like we never talked about any of the moral implications of our work and it's something that I've only really started to think about recently, so it's kind of disturbing. Um Yeah, and I also, I also dated someone who was in computer science and like see me is like such a big computer, like important computer science role and they never spoke about ethics, which is insane because like yes,
pretty disturbing. So yeah,
I
don't know.
Yeah, I mean I have been thinking about it recently. Um I think that I think over like the past year I've been going through a lot of personal changes I think that um so the place where I went to school before it was in Connecticut and I lived in a really rural area and I started to get much more in touch with like nature and the natural world.
And then I started to think more about like I guess like capitalism and history of us imperialism and all of that stuff, so and it's something I really really don't want to be a part of. Um So I've been thinking about that more and more. Um and I'm not totally sure what to do. So I think that before my old research had um connections to nuclear energy, which I felt like good about. And right now my research is more connected to industry, which I don't feel so good about.
So
I'm not totally sure, but I do know that I've told my advisors that like I refuse to work on any work that I think is like unethical. Um And hopefully I'll find something to. Honestly I've been thinking about like just buying some land with some family and friends and just like living off of the land, it's like completely
yeah right, like a little copy. It sounds nice, so I've been thinking of that, but I feel like I can get more creative with my solutions. I think mostly I'm thinking about some nuclear if I can do something with like nuclear energy or something like that. Um
Yeah. Yeah, so nuclear energy is a pretty misunderstood field, which is a shame because like it could fix, it could easily meet all of humanity's energy demands. Uh And yeah so yeah, but at the same time I think humanity needs like a huge reckoning with how it is currently existing and doesn't necessarily need something that will be able to meet all of its energy demand rather needs a complete restructuring.
Yeah, definitely. Have you been, I guess like how affected by coronavirus have you been?
I think that the loneliness has been, I don't know you mentioned that you haven't been able to like make new friends and your program and stuff like that. Um and I think that, I don't know, I think at the same time, I feel like humanity stands to learn like so many lessons from this. I don't know whether or not both will be implemented, but like I think that it is important for people to be reminded of like the importance of community and connection because I think that there was like this general tendency towards thinking that people can exist like by themselves sort of like that. It's like I think that's an increasing tendency towards like replacing inhuman things with technology and stuff like that. Um And I think it's good to be reminded that there is a limit and that people need to see people and feel like they're part of the community. Um Yeah, but I don't know, I just missed like hugging my mom.
so my family is actually, so I'm from Brooklyn new york, so my family
is actually based in Brooklyn. Um so that's where they are, and then I came to Pittsburgh for undergrad and then I moved to Connecticut for one year of grad school, then I came back to Pittsburgh, so
that's been what I love to. Yeah, but um yeah, it's been a pretty spicy year. I mean, like I personally think that this is the first year in many years of kind of the same, you know? And yeah, it's not like it's not like a year has like some special property worth, like at the end of the year, everything is different and new. It's like that's 20, Like I think that, you know, like climate catastrophes are just going to get worse and coronavirus is gonna take a long time to sort out. I don't know. We'll see.
Yeah. Right. It was
and it
has been kind of remarkable though, I think especially at the beginning to see, I feel like it was a very, very unique thing to experience the shutdown of like modern society in particular because that's the only uh huh it was just kind of amazing. Like I wasn't in new york, but my family was and they were talking about it just being empty outside like Manhattan just being empty,
which
is like yeah, right. Like so wild. And I also think that I hope that is, can at least allow people to envision like a widespread, widespread, unified response to climate change too, because like, that's like kind of government, like intervention that's needed in my opinion. Um So I don't know, I think it's like a little taste for the, for the vast is of like, right,
so
down. Yeah, it's been crazy.
Yep. So we have um I think right now it's like eight years um to if we still want to meet the 1.5C degree um guidelines, which is still devastating, like that's still an absolutely insane. That's it's crazy that that's like
the
everything will be vaguely okay, well, but yeah, so far not looking so good. Um Yeah, we'll see.
they do. But unfortunately, so I think I'm personally like very, very critical of the biden administration, but the paris climate agreement isn't, it already doesn't account for a lot of major feedback loops because when they were making it, they couldn't model them properly, so they just excluded them. So it drastically underestimates the impact of like feedback loops and like overall, I think the overall rate of like climate change, and I think that no country has met um or at least definitely no first world countries have met um the guidelines that have been set out by it. So I think that the paris climate agreement is kind of like, there's this one podcast I listened I listened to called Ashes Ashes and they talk about systemic collapse and they likened the climate paris agreement to like there's like a train coming and humanity has decided that it's going to stay on the train tracks no matter what. And it's that the paris Climate industry agreement is like stacking up styrofoam to stop with trey. Yeah.
Yeah. So yeah, so I'm not very and I think that like another thing about the biden administration is that if you look on there, first of all,
I don't know.
He's like, he also supports fracking, which is insanity because it's been said by um It's known that like in order to meet the 1.5°C skull, like all of the rest of the oil in the United States and I think all of the arctic oil needs to stay in the ground like it's like necessary. So it's like, I don't know, I think that it's kind of, personally I'm a little frustrated by like, I think that's the biden administration has marketed itself as like listening to facts and following science. But in my opinion, I think that they're like climate plan is evidence of not listening to science were just like they say you need drastic measures, man that's not fracking isn't drastic. That
moderates through and through. Which is a real, real shame because I don't know, I feel like humanity like we don't really have time to be messing around with modern
thanks.
Yeah.
Yeah. I was following it. I think that like generally I wasn't too I wasn't too interested just because I think I mostly look at I think I look at politics mostly through the lens of climate change. And I felt like the biden administration would lure people into like this false sense of comfort about climate change that isn't justified at all. Whereas the trump administration would have people continue to panic about climate change, which I think is important. So,
so I wasn't like too invested in the results of the election honestly, but I did follow it and I don't know, we might get a Q. I don't know. How about you?
Cool. Yeah, that's really that, I don't know, that's a cool goal to have. Um what are just curious like what are some of your key issues that you felt um weren't being spoken about
and if you weren't, if you don't have any, that's fine too.
Got it. Yeah.
not at all. I was just wondering, it's fun, but I think it's really cool that you, I don't know if you're interested in learning more
about it because I mean like, I don't know, I personally think that like the presidential election isn't that I don't know, I think like local politics is infinitely more important than
presidential elections, but um I'm
like, so I'm admittedly like very, very, I'm quite far left. Um But if you're interested at all, I can tell you some of the more like political podcasts that I listen to um that I think are like interesting
and informative. Just if you I mean like it's fine if you're not really that interested, but um
Okay, cool. So um so I guess like one podcast that is kind of more moderate in my opinion, but it does go over like political like policy things that are happening in the White House, it's called the weed. Um
So the weeds like in the weeds.
And yeah, so a little more moderate but still left. Um And
it's really
cool. They just
do
like breakdown of policy stuff
that I never would have felt like I
had access
to
And then there's also a podcast called citations needed and they do analysis, like they do media analysis um which is really interesting to seeing like how the media discusses different topics. Um So they also talked about a lot of topics to and then the other one called Ashes. Ashes talked about systemic collapse. So they talked about like infrastructure stuff happening in the U. S. Um and climate change and some of the policies are leading to those things. So and
I think
that there at least um citations needed in Ashes Ashes, I think that they're very critical of books like the Republican establishment but also very critical of the democratic establishment too. So you get a little kind of get both sides a little spicy.
Yeah. Um How many classes do you have right now?
Like how much
time
taste
buds?
yep. I feel yeah I'm right there with you. I just it's kind of weird. It just like feels like it's like I know that it matters because grades and grades matter and whatever, but I'm just kind of like none of it feels like a badge of all our like relevant. I'm just like, I don't know, it's just so it's so hard to, I just I don't know, I feel like humans just weren't supposed to learn this way. Yeah,
I can't focus. Yeah, it's like my brain is actively trying to sabotage me. Like it's like, but you could have so many tabs open right now and I'm like, oh
Oh yeah, that's crazy. I'm lucky because like, I have a stipend so like I'm not I don't have to pay tuition, I can't imagine paying tuition right now. I'd be so wealthy. Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
It's a huge rip up and I think also the way that I see it is like if they were to lower the cost, they would have to justify the high costs in the first place in order to justify like how much they're decreasing it. So I don't think that they'll ever give a discount because they can't justify the cost in the first place.
it's horrible. But also just a kind of interesting thing is like so most universities were either extremely cheap or free up until the '60s. Um and then I think that the Reagan administration um but like kind of markets like they were like, oh this is bullshit, like look at all these hippies just using all of our money to just like have sex in schools and that's when like school started getting privatized, so that's kind of interesting policies but totally fucked up in horrible America's fat. Yeah.
No
bounds.
It's horrible, insupportable capitalism. Yeah. But
Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. No, I don't I don't have anything,
We're we have we have
met
the
time, so we're good to we're good to go. Yeah.
But
yeah, it's nice talking to you too. Good luck with your classes.
Thanks.
Mhm. Right. All right. Bye.