Hello. Sorry about that.
I had
to
change in chrome.
Good. Good. It's cold here. I live in The southwest. So I mean cold is relative, it's about 65°
so.
The usual.
grew up in indiana so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Right by Chicago. I remember I'm in the region so I was in the region of northwest indiana. So um like we like went to Chicago for like elementary school field trips and it was just like an hour away. It was very fun.
So
So
yeah it's cheap. It's you know gas is cheaper, alcohol is cheaper I think a lot of stuff. Yeah. Okay cool.
Yeah. Yeah that's that's indiana Gary. Like the worst place,
Muncey's not amazing but at least they've got a college there. Um Yeah and Tara hotel, it also is in great terror. It's called like the armpit of of indiana
That were like Missouri is kind of like like that center part of the country because like the south has like the distinct kind of like culture at least. But like Missouri is kind of south. It's kind of midwest and like also it feels like florida like it's kind of like a hodgepodge of a lot of people
I don't know about it. I have only been to Colombia and ST louis. Yeah.
I
heard.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah I've been to Kansas city a couple of times. I really like the art plaza and like the like museums are really nice there too.
Yeah I bet. Um Yeah
what started?
Oh yeah. Um try to think about stuff
to talk about.
Yeah. Well I live in Arizona actually so like Covid has, it was kind of projected to be really really bad here and then it kind of got really really bad and then it went down a little and now it's going back up I think because it's going back up pretty much everywhere. I know like the midwest it wasn't so horrible at the beginning, but now it's getting kind of worse.
It's like I get it it's really hard. Like if they're not comfortable, they're not like they don't look nice but like people are dying like you could What? Like I have family who work in like a central healthcare
and
they wear masks and like face guards for 12 hours at a time. Like if they can do that, you can wear an hour at the grocery store.
they
hurt.
well
I have a few that I like to wear like when I have to go to the store for a long time because I can tie them with like a lot like top instead of the ears because they hurt my
ears.
those are great.
Oh, they're probably really comfortable. Huh?
That's good. And they are the most effective too. There you go.
yeah, that's true too.
My Yeah.
I always wonder like who does prolific because like I I did it like a little bit like two or three years ago. Um and then like since I've been spending a lot more time on the computer, I've just been like, oh, okay, I can Just hang out and take surveys and they're nice because like I've looked
at some
other things, they're fun, like they can't be the short ones. I always like, I simply click on some, like I've tried other sites where they're like 30 minutes long and it's like how much do you expect Nike to do the right thing? And I'm like, I don't know.
Uh At least I know who Nike is. There's like other companies or it's like what do you at least Like I own Nike things like I religiously by a certain type of Nike shoes. So it makes sense. But then there's stuff it's like, what do you think about curing? I'm like, I don't care. There are come anything about them. No opinions about Keurig or
like the
value of chocolate.
What?
I know.
I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. I did one last week that was like um it was like spatial reasoning. So it was like what? Like if you look at this um like you know if you take like a cube and you cut it into six parts and you lay it flat, like what do the pictures look like? Um And so it's like if you fold up this like peace with these different flaps, like what will it look like in the three D.
And so I stared at it and I'm like, this is really hard. Like I thought it was like not that I was smart but like I thought I could like get these. Um And I just, I guess when random and it's like congratulations, that's correct. And I'm like, I don't think so. And they're like that puts you in the top 5% of people. And I'm like, how does that work if it's random, shouldn't I be in the top 25% of people? Uh but again, they're like, we gave you like uh intentionally insolvable puzzles to see how you do. And I'm like, of course it's always something like if we tell you you did really well, you'll do better and if we told you you got it wrong, you'll do worse. And that's true. Like people do that like testing with like students, like if you give someone good feedback, they'll do better even if not the same score as everyone else and it's like pretty good.
Yeah, like I got paid anyway, so it's totally fine with me.
Uh huh I looked at one that was like, do you think the picture is more or less colorful than less than average? And I'm like, they're all the same pictures. Like
I don't
happened.
Yeah, I'm just like, I don't, It's fine. I just will do them as I do them. And sometimes you look in and there's nothing and sometimes you look in and there's like 15 and it just takes, yeah.
I like the ones that are like spend three minutes and make 40 cents. I'm like, hey 40 cents is like an apple. I
I can
do that.
Because
then
you acknowledge ones like where you want to spend your time.
Well
yeah, if you have like five and you're like, which one do I start with to make sure I don't miss them. You start with the one that pays the most per hour. You're using your time best. But also like I did those studies in college where I go in and I'd actually like take the study but it take an hour and I only get 10 bucks. And I remember being like that sucked. I don't want to do that for a whole hour and make 10 bucks. Like I could do it for five minutes. You know and go because I don't have to go anywhere and it's just right in front of me and it's it's really
No, not really. I mean you can but you know like that's where that's those websites where it's like open a bank account. It's like, well that's a
little higher than the, I don't think of you, my social security number, right? Uh I wouldn't want on swag bucks. It was like open open a bank account, not a credit card, but a bank account with this bank put 50 bucks in it and the monthly fee is $10. But if you if you haven't opened for 32 days meaning you've put 72 bucks in it, 70 bucks in it, you'll get 50 back because it's your money if you do that, you make $300 and I'm like I will do that. So I did. And now I'm just like waiting for my $300 to come to me
and swag bucks. Um
I
know
there
are,
Yeah. I think that's a good way to use swag books because I look on like are on Reddit for beer money and people are like, you know 42 cents on swag bucks and someone else is like $380. And how did you do that? They did not do it, taking surveys on swag books
or like
searching, you're watching videos. They did that because they opened bank accounts and they did like online games where you pay money and like they bought the cigarettes. I saw one once someone posted the sick thing that was like Spending $14 and make 96 and I'm like, I don't even smoke and I don't even know what I do with it, but I would do that just for the profit and that's like the problem. It's
tough.
What's, what is that?
I probably like make a log in and just like ask all my friends with kids like, Hey, go use this for 30 days, like I don't know.
You know, hey, I guess. Yeah, some of them make sense. And some of them are like Uh like install this like home security system for $500 and I'm like, I don't have a home. So uh
thank you that uh there's another one that was like, Oh, like refinance your student loans, get quotes on refinancing or student loans for 60 bucks. And I'm like, yeah, I don't have to do it. You can just give me a quote and maybe I'll just do it. Um Yeah, there's, there's some fun stuff on there that I found. Um. Yeah, definitely. The surveys are better like on prolific because I remember taking like a 30 minute survey and getting like 10 cents for it on, on a cue me or something. I was like, no,
well,
Yeah, I guess they're trying to like, they pay the same no matter where you live. So I think people in the United States are like, no, screw that, why would I do that? Like I realize I'm not supposed to make a ton of money doing this, but I'm not making a dollar an hour either. But there are people who are like a dollar is a lot of people in the Philippines and like other countries where they're like, sure Why not? Because like the rent is like $30 a month, so they're like
lot sure. So yeah, because for them, that's where they're gonna, I've tried to do mturk for some reason I got banned and I don't know why
I'm
I've seen like three people get successful with it on reddit and every time someone asked like you just got to keep, keep at it and I'm like what do you like that's not good enough. Like that's a weird thing to tell someone because I'm prolific. You can make $10 a day and then just stop. Yeah. Yeah.
It's.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It's definitely like trying to explain it to my friends. You've either got the people who are like I do that too because I'm poor and we're millennials and that's what we do. Or you get like the old people who are like why are you doing that? That sounds strange from like that's fine. I don't have to explain it to you but it's cool. I like it.
You are.
Yeah. Well there are people who do this is like their full time job.
Just do like a bunch of different survey companies or they like find receipts and they just scan them to all the different receipt receipt sites. I guess that adds up.
No, I tried but it always looks too complicated to get into.
No, but that sounds like a lot of fun.
That's really cool. Wait, what what website is that? I'm already done. No.
Well
yeah I've had multiple jobs where like I would talk on the phone so I'm the comfortable calling random people and being like, hello. I think that's
what,
you have a referral code you want me to use for that? Because
I could.
I'm
really good right? Sometimes they're like you got $50 if someone signs up and I'm like dang like
I think I may be made an account on that and then I just gave up but I'll do that too.
What?
How
gotta have only so much energy to
what kind
of doctor?
I don't know what the first one looks like,
liam
burger.
But now she's huge.
What?
Yeah. I know someone who has like a great day and Uh like lab mix or something and he's like just that dog just turned two and he's like 90 lb, like taller than your puppy already huge.
He's going to be really
This is just a lot someone who is not a dog.
Uh there's this is like this page for my city that has like, like just funny things people see and one of them was like just saw this stray dog and it's like a picture of a coyote uh in the privacy and it's like why would you pick up a coyote? Like they're probably not going to attack you because they kind of, they're afraid of humans, but they attack dogs all the time. And why would you pick up a coyote in your car?
I guess if you didn't know, but they look like they don't look like normal dogs. So
what?
Well it's 65 but it's like cold 65 because it's a dry um how it feels like I tell my friends in the midwest this and they laugh at me and I'm like, no, no, like 61 here is like 45 in Chicago. Like it's cold wear sweater. Yeah, 60 in Chicago is like you feel the sun, you feel the warmth because it's humid. But here there's Humidity, it's like 12% or 10%. So so dry. And like you just have like, I never conditioned my hair until I moved here so so dry and it'll just get all tangled.
What,
Is that her biggest,
mm is it north of it?
You probably south to south is like another state. So it's probably
either north or like towards reno.
Yeah, I have a relative lives in Vegas. So I go visit him sometimes and he's, I mean right now he's not doing it so much. But before he was going like we'd go to the strip, we go to like south shore, what is it called? The, I don't know, there's a casino that's off the strip at south Point that we go to all the time. Um All the buffet is good food biggest too. Yeah.
Yeah. No I don't like I go there, I put in a $20 bill my step dad gives me a $20 bill. I put it like I like put it in the machine at the bar where like you just bet 25 cents on the on poker and then they'll just keep bringing me vodka and then I'll cash out with 15 bucks and then I'll just give them a few bucks tip and I got $5 and it's the
the best thing. Yeah if you go on the floor like they never get to where they do like a whiskey an hour or something. But at the bar they would just like they weren't polish vodkas, they were like half strength but I was like it's fine, they're basically free.
Um So it was it was great, it was like you could buy vodka for eight bucks or you could do that and pay the same like you get like nine drinks. It was awesome.
well Vegas is great because there's just so much money and they're like
not such book they probably today like half or more on their liquor. Just
the thing is just constantly like just liquor.
Well that's great. It sounds like a lot of fun. Um when I was in Casey I just noticed everything was closed at like four PM and I'm like there's nothing to.
Yeah it is. I'm just like, are they really really really religious here? I don't know. Um
It's weird right? Like like new york and L. A. And pretty much every city even now in big cities like Cleveland had more than late at night. But Casey is now like.
Well, Okay. I'm looking at our timer and it looks like 27 minutes.
We could.
Yeah. Well, thanks for the tip.
Thanks.
You, too. Yeah, you do.