Oh yeah. Yeah, tough for me. Oh. Oh you bet it's you don't shoot you there is out there. He's working but he's working with us. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So you thought so? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Right. Oh okay. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Mm. Fuck. What? Uh huh. Hello?
know
you're
trying.
You're good. You're good other day.
it's pretty
cool to do it. Um South 65 is colder than 65. I
live in the Midwest in Missouri itself. It's pretty cool. Yeah.
I'll go I'll go. So
oh yeah we used to go there a lot. We used to go back when Ravens were cool
and underground there used to be a lot of raves in in
indiana. So we go over to Indiana. Good.
over one time we went to Gary Indiana, that was the scariest place I think I've ever been. Like, it was like we pulled up to the gas station and we fill up our gas and we went to go pay for it and they were like go we're being robbed, go. And we're like, what? You know, we're like all 16, they were like, scared us half to go.
Yeah, it was great.
I see that all of the Missouri, Missouri is probably the worst places I've lived in Missouri now, and I don't know, it's like people are so strange out here, it's comparison to the rest of the world.
Right. Yeah. It Really?
Yeah, I live in ST louis for about two months. I was like okay, I'm good, I live in
Kansas
city now.
Yeah, it's been pretty boring here lately just because of Covid and whatnot, so
that's
nothing too exciting here. And um anyway, but
what?
No, you're fine. Uh Oh
it's a lot of it I think has to do with like, okay in the small towns, they don't enforce the mass, they don't like all around. Like like now in Kansas city, we can't go anywhere without a mask, you know what I mean? Like you kevin matt to go inside any store, but if you go like any of the surrounding suburban towns, they don't enforce it at all, so just like whatever, we don't know where or not and so they don't wear masks, they don't do anything and they have really high numbers and I wonder why it's because you guys are following any of the roles.
But
I don't.
Yeah, exactly. And really, if you look like if you shop around you can find some decent mass that aren't that uncomfortable like, I mean it's not so bad to me anymore when I first started doing it, it was kind of like, it was like a thing like I was like a guy from the stupid masks but now they come up with massive, more comfortable, more lightweight like so it's not so bad anymore. He doesn't really bother me. And
I bought
a passive mass to match outfits and stuff like that, you know, like it's become
a fashion accessory.
The
ear thing is horrible. My mom got sent me, my mom, my mom so adamant about masks and gloves and all that stuff that she she sends me a box care package. Each one of different maths and like she'll have to pass, it was styled I want and she got these things called, they're called your sabers. They just look like a button that goes on with another button on it and just it holds them across your head and it doesn't even hurt years, you know?
So yeah, because they are paying 100 years, you know, my favorite, my favorite ones over the medical ones because they are extremely lightweight and they figure you're just perfect. So
yeah, they're not too bad.
they blew out, blew out wearing blue out. You know, it's like heaven.
That's it. It sounds so bad. And I mean I've gotten used to the fact that you, we don't go out anymore. You know what I mean? Like? Like so you just find more stuff to do around the house and the dogs love it because they're
Yeah.
On
March.
Right. Exactly. I don't know. I don't know if I can trust them. I don't know.
Using
it.
Yeah. They go like,
do you think that they're destroying our vibrant with K Cups? And I'm like, well I don't know. I think
the actual ones now like
some of them are really dumb and long. But if you're at least with prolific they're like, they usually find like good ones that they have. Like the games you ever played, the like psychology games like the very first prolific I did was you and another person go in and you guys have this this ball and you guys have decided to keep the ball together And both get $10 apiece. Or you can steal the ball at the last minute you get an option right before you steal the ball, you get the full $20. If they steal the ball they get the full $20 and you guys can decide from there. And that was the game that you played to see if you did it. It was like that was kind of fun to see the secret they steal the ball or not. And it was just a fun little psychology games like that I think are fun.
All
Good deal of work.
I did. What about flowers? When you look at flowers and they asked you if they thought if you thought they were ugly or not? Like the whole test was just that like it was just like, how easy is this? Pretty ugly? Pretty ugly.
No,
no.
You like to say to be uh
couple of minutes. And they're all like, they're all pretty decently time. Like everyone had one that was like super long, that was like that didn't pay well. That was like why do I buy even doing this? They usually they usually pay very well. They're usually very short. Sometimes they have a bonus, you know like.
For three minutes. I'll do it.
You
know my favorite part is that the average it out? How much it would be an hour? That's
very
different.
Yeah exactly. You're like uh for we're 10 bucks an hour. I can do this. You know what I mean? Like for $15 an hour. It really really is only like 40 cents for like a minute. But you're like averages out of all the while. So yeah, I'll do
that.
I mean these are pretty good $15 for a 25 minute conversation. You can't do that.
Yeah.
Hi.
Yeah. It's like the worst part is the waiting part because there you go to talk to me like where's my money? And they're like, well it hasn't exactly been 90 days yet. So
you
know, ridiculous amount of days. But really they do
like
I've done the view. You have those will have used e cigarettes to like buy one and we'll pay you 40 bucks. It was on sale for like 10 bucks. So I was like, oh, I'll go and buy this and that. They may be my 40 bucks. My first, my first week on on swag bucks. I made over over $200 just from sitting signing up yourself and then without profit. That's pretty good.
No, no, absolutely
more.
That's
I do as I go through, I look for the world with my profit beyond these. You know what I mean? Like I signed up for ACC mouse once and I didn't, I don't even have kids and they paid me $50 to sign up for that for 30 days.
It's like a kid's um educational thing. It's called Abc mouse. I was like, okay, let's do it for 30 days.
that's what I did. I gave it to my, my old roommate scholar. I was like, here play on abc mouse. I got
Hi.
I know. QB
pisses me off sometimes. I'm going to tell you that they, sometimes they have like somebody's, you'll have like some that are decently done and I get it, you get paid out right away. So it's kind of a bonus because you get paid out right away. But like you'll sit there and do their surveys and they're like, let's sit on here for like for 28 minutes and we'll pay you 30 cents on one. I'm like, I'm not doing that. Especially when this one up here says a dollar 44 for the same amount of time. You know? Like what's going to be this?
Yeah. This is part of my red.
I don't
like me if you don't pay very much.
I mean, I think, I think I'm prolific so far. I've made 200 and they say I checked the W $257 and I only do it every so often, you know, I mean I'm prolific.
So I mean if I could make Donald there, I know that on love. The other ones like survey junkie and all those have only made like 90 bucks, you know?
I think it's
like that it's just something to do with your down time you know like.
Yeah. I know
It does add up, it does add up like I've never done any of the user testing stuff.
It's really not. It's like all you do and all you do is you go on the web sites and then you just ask, they give you a little has to do while you're on the website and record your voice and that's pretty much it usually lasts about five minutes and they all picked him up. Sometimes they'll pay $60 up to $60 is the most, most of them are going to pay for $60 home. So I'll give you free stuff. You know I've gotten free stuff off of pretty much every survey place I've been to are have you ever done online? Secret shopping?
Yeah that's the one you just go online. You do websites that they've given me like pay you plus they'll give you like a coupon code for the end. It'll pay for your purchase that you made on the thing. You get free products.
Secret Shopper dot com. Mhm. And then um there's also any of the Sassy, it's called Sassy. Just look up sassy. And they're gonna say sassy. Secret shopping. They'll have they'll send your stuff all day long, like uh where you can make phone calls and Secret Shop which is also
very easy. They'll pay like 50 60 bucks a secret shop for those. Yeah.
I called
Polaris, like for Polaris like altered too many vehicles. I call around to different places in Oklahoma And they paid me $50 a phone call for those and they were like, we don't have anybody that will take these shops, so we're just gonna keep loading Monye. Yeah. So that's giving a shot at the shop shot. They pay me $50 a shot. Just make footballs.
I don't
even know what it would be. I I don't even look forward. Go ahead. Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Yeah,
that's it.
Right? I know. I know. Yeah, definitely. Check to check those out and then um check out you test you testing user testing,
user testing. They're really easy and they have them for your cell phone and for the damn for your computer. I would say you get a lot more on the computer than you do the cell phone. But Still yeah, I just go through and I like just research one of the top 10 best paying to do this, you know what I mean? And then brought him down and check them out, download the apps and it's kind of fun. It's
something to do. I mean like there's so much to do here, Kansas City right now and certainly get cold. We have Covid going on. So this gives you something to do.
You want to play with the dogs so much, you know what I mean? Like
Alright, we both applied are passed out both by our huge, so I'm just like, yeah, you only take so much
of that.
I have a have a lien burger and a keyboard.
Okay. They're like um
they're
like a saint Bernard mixed with a mountain, massive, gather, huge. They're massive. Chewy Chewie! Come here, I'll show you mine and mine is only a puppy. My son, 20 year old done here is chili. Come here there's mine and he's not even a year old yet.
Yeah, he's as tall as I am standing from toe to toe. He's as tall as I am at 5, 11. Oh yeah, he's a little monster. He doubled his like triple the size of my, my pit bull and you pretty much he wants, if he wants to lay with you, there's
no telling them now.
I'm, the puppy weighs over £100 right now. Yeah. And he's not even a year old. Right? Travel.
Yeah, I know. I'm like scared. I see all this extra skin and I'm just like, oh no, there's still more to grow into, you know, like his feet. When he came out when I was, when I was a kid, my mom worked, worked for an exotic pet dealership. She, I got to hold a baby lion once and their paws are so big. But when we got him, his paws were about the same size and I was like, oh no, You know, like instantly like, oh no,
baby lion here.
But
Right, right. That's funny. God
had 65° weather. I'm jealous.
We uh we go to Laughlin a lot often, Nevada, so we really doesn't.
Yeah, because I'm a gambler. So uh they fly me out, caesar's flies me out to lawful in all the time to go gambling. So we go, we go out there pretty much, we're gonna get ready to hit their, this december to find me out of adam, so it's nice to pay for everything all the time. Yeah.
What's that? It's, yeah, it's only, it's like an hour's drive to Vegas.
Yeah. I am trying to think if it's north of it. I never really looked on the map for seed. I said that's an hour away.
It's,
it's right, it's right on the Arizona border too. So we go, we go. There we go. We go quite a bit. Um, I go to Vegas. I go to Vegas. Sometimes Vegas just the odds are usually snack against you more than what they are like in Laughlin were smaller so you win a lot more. Go to smaller areas. Yeah, I'm a caesar's fan. I'm always at caesars.
is really Vegas is like the cheapest vacation you can possibly take if you, if you weren't a gambler, you can take a vacation in Vegas and not spend anything pretty much.
Score.
Rojo.
In Kansas City, you only get paid three drinks if you're playing blackjack. So if you play blackjack, then you get free drinks sold on, luckily on that casino, you're going to get white girl wasted no matter what.
Yeah. They don't even care.
I know.
Like I get comped rooms any time I go to Vegas or any time I go to any of the casino, I go to any season because you know your comp rooms. So So it's like it's free, stay free, everything. So, I mean, go gamble. It gives you some extra money again. Well, with and get white girl wasted on the floor, so. Oh.
You're
It's just everything closes down early here. Like, I was like, this is the first city considered like big city quote unquote that I've ever been to that Actually everything is closed before. The suburbs are.
I I think maybe it's a fucking baby because it is the bible belt. I don't know what it is. It's really God. Uh
All
well, we did it.
Yeah, No worries. Thank you. Have a good day.
Stay warm.
Bye bye.