Hello? Can you hear me? Yes, I can.
I'm doing well. How are you doing?
Yeah, Yeah, I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
um I just woke up recently. Mhm.
I think so. Just anything. As long as the last 25 minutes. Mm hmm.
Mhm. Am I in school? No, no, I graduated college um
two years ago
I studied finance. What about you? Are
you in school?
I was nice. Of course. Yeah. Are you close to graduating?
three
more years.
Are you in the U. S. Mm Okay.
Me, I'm on the east coast.
I'm from Georgia.
Mm hmm.
All right. Yeah.
What do you, what do you have planned for today?
So I'm trying to remember, is Ramadan, were you fast during day hours?
One moment.
Yes, I have.
All right.
I don't, I don't think so. Not anytime soon.
Yeah. Did you say you you lived in the Atlanta area? How do you still live in Georgia
I love like 45 minutes outside of Atlanta.
I I grew up way up north and Georgia not close to Atlanta but then I had to move a little bit closer to Atlanta for work after college.
for sure. I
like Georgia just they don't know how is D. C. I've actually never
visited D. C.
That's
Well,
Yeah. I just uh I visited new york over christmas last year.
Yeah that was the first time I had visited um we stayed and like Manhattan near Times Square
and everything and it's pretty breathtaking. We went over to christmas and saw like the Rockefeller tree and everything. So
Kesha, I have an uncle that lifts
close to L. A. Sure,
That would be cool.
Quarantine is okay. I've been working from home since March 13 I think.
Mhm. Has anyone maybe do you know anyone that's cutting the
coronavirus?
Gotcha. Yeah. I don't I don't know anybody personally that's that start with her but it does seem like it's pretty wild. Yeah.
sure.
Chris
And so so do you go to like a big public college in D. C. Or something like?
Mhm. Have they said anything about how they're going to start school in the fall?
One
Yeah. I thought they were going to provide us with some kind of script or something but I didn't see anything.
Mhm.
Have I learned anything now? Um Mostly just stuff related to my job with with free time learning new things on the computer and stuff like that. Nothing really outside of work. How about you?
Yeah.
So how are you, what are you doing to try to learn spanish or you like using Rosetta Stone or something or
sketch? Yeah. I took four years of spanish in high school and I'm still can't speak spanish.
that sounds like it would be difficult.
do I speak any other languages now? No, I don't,
I tried spanish
for a few years but and I still know a little bit of it but not even enough
for me to say that
I know spanish maybe if I read something somewhere here it I can pick up a little bit, but that's what I did.
that's me.
Do you have any pets?
You don't like animals?
System.
You used to have a turtle. I got I had a turtle to when I was a kid. He's still alive that he looks at my mom's house
from now. Okay.
Mhm. I
currently have that dog and a couple of cats so you probably
wouldn't want them. Yeah.
Still? Oh All right. It looks like we only have to go for like seven more minutes.
Um shows I mean yeah I've watched a lot of stuff on netflix since since this is all started. Let's see. I watched that miniseries about the about Waco on there advice like parks and rec again The office. Again things like that. Usually just not too hard to watch. Just things to keep on in the background. How about you?
All right.
Have you watched Cottam
on netbooks?
Well.
Okay. And I know on Disney Plus isn't a the falcon and the Winter Soldier coming to Disney Plus soon?
According to my timer we have like four minutes since I since I joined.
Do you enjoy shopping
and things like that?
Did you did you go on prolific to sign up for this?
One of my buddies also does prolific and he signed up for this video chat. The person he was paired with it and show up.
If
yeah. Yeah, I think next. Mhm.
Yeah. Pretty easy way to make $15 so.
Yeah, it's pretty simple. And is it a cash out and everything so I don't have problems with prolific. How long have you been using, prolific?
Yeah.
Let's see. Um I have to do it for 50 more seconds. Yeah.
And then does it say for us to just exit out of this window and then go back to the other one?
Quick to the next pitch. All right
so let's see.
Yeah. What's that?
I click to the next page scene so um let's see.
Mhm. I'm trying to click through the other section now to see,
Okay.
Mhm. I
think that we're just able to exit out of list since we've gone for
it was nice talking to you too. I hope you stay safe and healthy.