Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm.
You do it. How are you?
All right? I'm just going to me.
But how do you think? Good morning. Yeah.
Um I don't know exactly what they wanted to talk about. I think they I wanted to just talk like it was just a regular social interaction. Yes.
Yeah. See you in school?
Kind of
How did you study?
But
Mhm. Yes, I am studying computer science at the moment.
Um I have three more years
tom
Yeah, I had a long way to go and I cried when everything else. So I don't know exactly, but gradually, but I have to spend money here.
I don't know what it is. Okay. Yeah.
Are you from the south or up north?
Uh Product surgeon, mm hmm.
Yes.
Uh No, actually, yeah.
Um I'm probably gonna sit in the house. Um and I imagine it's Ramadan. So it's gonna be a lot, a lot about it. So decides american day. Probably just playing for whatever celebration we have for tomorrow, Right?
yeah. So basically it's like home. You eat before the sun come up, you're able to eat after the sun goes down. Uh huh. My 38 And after the very areas um over and it was like a big celebration afterwards. But you can't be here that because of all the virus. So once you have like um many celebrations that happened. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Where um
have you even do it all the way?
Get
year old. Yeah. I'm really confident.
Drama in the Atlanta area. When I was younger. I don't really go outside of that one. Yeah.
No. Um I know. Uh Washington D. C. L. Mm hmm.
I feel like a lot of people and daughter lives somewhere in there and that was like a big state. Yeah.
I didn't like Atlanta. I feel like, I mean Georgia, I got the southern hospitality and um everybody is a little bit nicer. You know, I think the southern tries to finally get serious about this definitely will,
but
If
I felt like it's a better place for tourists when we actually get here, you guys kind of boring. It's
just basically, and then, um after what I would like to say that he was going to be,
um, it's very had like a lot of politics and you may always have like a mark or something. It was before the wiring. So something to do. And what if you're interested in politics or advances? Pretty born. Mhm. Yeah, I want to, I want it to work, but
Yeah, I'm actually, you never mention you actually were Mhm. Almost four I was away, but I've never actually important what can work for anywhere, you know, I think that the americans
But
I wanted to give a try. Yeah, like tele is more um more like me. I like the scenery,
but mhm.
one day I hope to move outside of being left. But
yeah, I'm moving to Ireland how Corentin
pain um give me a day now. Mm We already have a home body,
What?
Um Yes. Family members in L. A. Um or my cousin um and I made a determined, I wasn't going to them, but they did The valley from it. I've also heard a few understanding with 50. Alright. Someone programming. What about, oh I was trying to get people off but they it was a very very upset. Yeah.
I mean when it first happened I feel like everybody took it and not a joke around that day. Um And now that the numbers that went up a lot as far as everybody because I took me to a little bit more serious. Mhm.
Yeah. I feel like it we probably would have done on it a little bit earlier than on my threat like this at all. Uh
But yeah I'm ready for it to be over real pretty short so I could go back to normal for a very long time. Mhm. Yeah.
Yes I have done a scholarship to Howard said it decided not to go to Howard. Um So I'm glad to get more than but everything was because of the school kind of clothes. So I have been going online from D. C. But when I've been in school Kiss and um talent and I was standing with you here a really big non stated and larger after cosmetic work.
they they just basically once they turned the camp for everything you're trying to make it work but they just can't do it aren't getting to work hand or a teacher some teachers are getting sick so if from professors till they're not able to give up the work like they really need to oh they might just cancel I'm talking. But um
mm. So what you want to be with that? Mhm. Yes.
What do you think that you learned it and you can stay in quarantine? Yeah. Mhm. Right.
I think you have learned anything with until quarantine and others who have learned his skills.
mm hmm. I went back to many spanish and we are just insurance and they're all coming. I think you had a work online, a job which I am work. I just want me something to do. Mhm.
Yeah.
um pasta I was and I didn't use with the film because when I didn't use it, it worked. Only Virginia really worked for me for influence. I uses after remember languages. That's um if my friend is learning and then also I never say spanish shooters who are really wanted correctly. How many are language and not feel anything correctly.
Yeah. I think everybody took spanish in high school and then absolutely nothing. Um those are wife for four years because they didn't teach anything. I'm, because I just want to give it out for you. But I think he was asking Crystal woman learn. So um you know, I was a spanish teacher actually um thanks spanish on a daily basis. She helped a lot with correcting representation or tell me what the grammar rules in spanish and things like that because I'm learning in school, but I want to um learn Jack relations something also. Okay. Yeah,
Uh from Germany has actually learned it difficult everything think Because her brother learned it and he learned it from watching anime as 1000 years. But yeah, but he did learn it. So I think this automatic told me it wasn't as hard as people think. Yeah, you're taking over my body.
it's
and
it's
but
I feel like everybody's a little bit um ever see or everybody knows a little bit of spanish but nobody knows. Yes, I have to speak it to everything. Yeah.
Get and hold that, Do um speak with other people? I don't understand me. Yeah. Mm hmm.
That one I actually do not wear depending.
I find it I can't explain. Their bodies were like they don't request. I don't know.
Uh huh explain. They feel like they um weird. I don't know how to explain it, but it's really near to touch down and like touching, I'm touching them. Have you been a total I was it
Well
when, when I was younger we got brought up on the parents for my mother, she has my phone tv. So she was a really big on like clean, clean, clean shit. You know that I was a turning carry some type of something because you have a foundation for my family. Like anyway. Uh, we doubted that cat because like for a little bit to catch, we didn't have a dog based on what I don't know why we never had. But they actually perform. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay.
Christ.
like I've always thought that snakes were interesting. I would never add one. But when I went like a word cousin Brent up and they had they would look nice different morning. Take my cage. Mhm. But they look like for the animals and I think that's like really much left out. Okay. Okay.
And I am 6 7 years. Mhm. Do you have any favorite shows that on June 30? Uh huh.
I'm pushed I'm watching with a lot of dc and marvel Silver man. Um Yeah. I'm watching the Flash on Earth are you doing? Um I tried to give the office a try. I don't know why I just couldn't get into it and until I finish watching before the season. Yeah. So
um I'm basically watch I've been watching a lot of documentary. Uh huh. Thanks. R. D. C. Shows. Yeah.
Yeah I am.
I just watched the first season of
course. Um And I don't know why I never went back to watch the rest. I think I got distracted with another show. But um I want sign. I'm sorry in technology type show was really that's what and you know it's always a clash for lunch.
I think so. I definitely uh I'm sure when I was younger uh I think I'm all washed. I just need twice a lot and I am we maybe we'll watch it uh start and bury the old program original but I don't watch them anymore. I found like the next original. I mean look who it is and Show for a 2nd day are better. Yeah, the next is now, but Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I think when we have like four more marathon, so.
Mhm. Um uh But I'm definitely ready for a change in your first person with that too. Uh huh. I've actually spent more money than usual. And quarantine. Yes.
Thanks.
Yeah, I do know that. I thought it was going to like externally. I believe it to buy a little bit more. Um Yeah, I definitely do enjoy shopping and because it's like our all right, I have a lot of money. I did, but I think the.
And um I don't know. I signed up for it until he gave me the message. I was just taking a survey and then at the end it's like all your in a um I'm like check uh serve anything uh Like okay. But before I didn't really belive that uh, I'm during a, but Jack, I'm doing like a message. Okay.
I think I was process, I just wish they would be able to subject
to talk about something more productive with that.
I'm hold back later studying, but I don't think that's his name. Thank you there.
Yeah, it's definitely anyway. I think the olympic public schools because their surveys are, you're straight to the point. Um, I guess the only, the only thing I don't like to do a four year old for 30 minutes. Uh like I think that's a fast and I don't really like it.
I want to say something like maybe make february. I'm gonna tell him. I forgot how I heard about it, but I think I was breaking up with me like all right. And there was, um, you get paid in your own, but because they are worth more in the United States, so you actually just learn to live anymore. Yeah. Okay. Mm hmm.
Why do you think the time about? Mhm. Thanks for me. Uh
Okay.
I see. Um mm hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. So I do not want the next thing to get open the conversation and then tap. You will not be able to go back to this page and you will not be interesting conversations. Um Okay. So I think we can go on to the next page as soon as we're done here.
Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. Do you kind of go on. Yeah,
I have. Every time I come up.
mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. Um Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Maybe. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. Come three times with you.
You too.