Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. So mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Check. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Oh God. Uh huh. All right. Oh yeah, but mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. No. Oh, what's that? Uh huh. Yeah. What? Yeah, wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Power. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't want yeah. What? Yeah. Hey, hello? How are you?
You're going Jeff? I'm here five. Do you hear me? Okay,
so how do we do this? So we just
start shopping
or?
And he preferred topics?
Well, I'm from new
york, I'm actually I'm from Belgium that I moved to new york two years ago and uh yeah, that was quite the move. So uh well, it's a big city.
Yeah, that is it's weird, it's you can compare it with anything else about you are you from?
But.
I was born in Belgium nowhere. Cool either sir. But
California sounds cool. Is the weather as good as I see? It is always I remember I remember driving through California once. I had a holiday there like 10 years ago
when I rented a car from san Francisco and drove to L. A. And to Las Vegas Francisco
again.
What?
Okay. Is that nearly where the wine countries are? Yeah.
I think I I rented a motorcycle ones and drove to Solomon and Napa Valley. Mhm. For
that
much
that must be a bit that must be near you. Right sort
of.
Yeah that was a beautiful
riot. Remember
driving but chilly. I remember driving in mid summer driving by the coast. That was really cool.
Or hot. Yeah, it's eighties and nineties here for for two weeks already, So uh
All
wolf. Yeah.
Okay. So you like to travel?
It's expensive,
Oh, what are you studying?
As I saw just graduated in machine learning and artificial intelligence. So
it's something similar.
So I, I did, I did a master like, like 25 years ago, but I, I wanted to add something. Yeah, I'm old and so, but I wanted to add something and uh it was hard. I remember how I hated school. I sort of didn't remember it well enough because I did it again. But now I still, I remember why I just hate study even if even if the subject is super, super interesting, but the studying part and uh that's
not for me. Mm hmm.
Better.
Okay. We'll keep it short. You can go back to study,
Yeah. Is that your last one? And then it's holiday? All right.
And any plans for all day, just staying at home
doing
nothing. That
can
be great.
did you do all the courses online or did you have to go to a classroom?
Better be safe. Right. The situation is really mad. I mean,
both.
mean, I think
here in new york, I think we had the worst very early as opposed to the rest of us. A and I think you guys are of course that we are now.
It's, it's scary. Right. I mean
if
I walk on the street,
if I do a morning walk, I think 90% of the people are wearing mosques. But that is because we were so well, the news from new york a couple of months ago is really, really bad.
And and I remember going, I'm I'm pretty city certain and uh remember whenever I went outside for a short walk I could hear an ambulance and
that was that was the sound of March and april every time I went out I heard another every time. And and and that was uh I'll never forget that.
So
we we had it bad.
Yeah, but that is probably the reason why we're doing so well. Not good, but not extremely bad right now.
Yeah. But you're pretty good protected in a pharmacy. Right. Little plastic in the gas. Uh huh.
At least in new york everything is behind the glass right now.
So you
Well look on a plexi country.
Yeah.
At least not for about five minutes when they want something done from you and.
Really? Okay. Well I'm a diabetic so I have to go to the pharmacy every month. So what mine is always perfect
in perfect order and and everybody is queuing very politely
so
yeah. Remember to be extrapolated to to pharmacists.
Whoa.
Yes, but that is a weird thing. I mean coming from europe, this is all insurance. So I mean where I come from and in most other european countries uh Well the price of a drug is just there's two things or you have insurance and it's a lot but everybody has insurance by definite by definition so drugs are cheap and and everybody pays the same price. I mean I got to feel that everybody pays a different price here. So it must be complex on your.
I'm really scared about this. I mean I'm 49 I moved here with, let's do a couple of years of USA usA But but then this health care system is I can well I'm too young, I'm old, but I'm too young for this, for for thinking about a pension,
but I don't want I don't want to be a pensioner here because
I will earn next to nothing. I would be scared of getting ill all the time. And in in Belgium or in europe, in most european countries when you get ill. Well you will be taken care of absolutely nobody will ask you for insurance and you will have to pay. But there is like a, how do you call them? How translated a ceiling amount?
So there will be a maximum. Yes, a platform. There you go. A platform. So you may have to pay a lot, but there will be a platform. So if you're all, all of your procedures will be like $50,000 you will be at your platform of $12,000 a year and you will never have to pass that. And that is good to
know. I mean it's like
absolutely.
Yes. So yeah, the other day I got a bill from, from my, from my doctor, what he called, the general practitioner, I think they called here and just it was just $20 and he, well the email said we'll pay this and I want to know why I said yes, yes, yes, just pay this. That's what I'm refusing to pay until he tells me why. I mean.
And yeah,
it feels it's a bit scary because uh
you don't know what you're up against. I mean is this common practice or is this guy just being whatever this is a funeral, I'll profit of them.
Yes. It feels it feels very commercial
like like like going to the dentist, he is like going to a second hard second hand car salesman. He just wants to sell you some new teeth. That's how it feels like. I mean well we gotta you can you can borrow from us and then we got a finance plan. I mean the finance family dentist. I'd never heard of that in europe. That doesn't even exist.
terry.
that's a lot of money for every moment for a student. That is brutal,
So
Yeah. Well health insurances should not be like that
What are you gonna do about it? Let's let's not start over politics, it's not through them.
you're part of youth,
you have to change it mm. Uh Well I'm very sorry I can't vote I mean another usa citizen but how much we really love to vote? Yeah.
Uh huh. Yes. Very good. Actually in my country you are not allowed to vote, you are obligated to vote. So if you're 18 and you didn't do any jail time
you have to
you have to go voting
or
you get a fine.
and that would be a good
idea
and well if you don't go voting you lose the right to complain
about
that.
Sounds criminal.
What do you want to be part of a society sir? This should be the least.
How do you think that should be tackled more than two parties?
I mean in my country there are
that would be a good idea. I am
we should omit the politicians and just vote for ideas.
All
Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay
that's true. Yeah. If it works it will never admit it.
Yes. Same here. Yes. Absolutely.
Don't just so it's really bad or
even worse. That's what you mean.
Yeah. Yes I could see that. Well let's hope that the one that you are going to vote for chooses a very good VP.
Yes because that would probably your next president. That would be great.
No it's weird. Right. And then also it's so I don't know what the word is. English but you do something wrong and you do not get punished. Nobody
gets punished. Yeah that's there's no consequences for for being a criminal. Just if you're rich or influential enough.
Try stealing a bread if you're homeless. Good for the chill. I mean,
Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. It shouldn't cost that much to have.
I'm
not gonna
absolutely correct. The thing is that that that is valid pretty much every country. It's the same in And I come from as well. I mean, what's the use of spending all this on military and warfare, blah blah blah.
but you're right. You are
more money. There you go. Yes, Absolutely.
No.
Are you serious?
One third.
Okay.
In my country, in my country, it's 11% and people are protesting big time. And here it's one third. I'm shocked.
absolutely.
And
other needs,
Yes, finance it with, with, with student loans.
Okay. I feel for you. I mean, I'm not gonna tell you how much I paid for my education because she'll be shocked.
Well, I paid uh I went to university for five years in Belgium and that would cost just tuition and everything else snowboarding, but that would be between eight and $900 a year.
Yeah. Books were included. I know that's that's 25 years ago, but even that is in europe that's considered moderate because in our neighbouring country Germany education to universities for free, you just have to pass a level of the exam and you can even do a year again. So if if you were ill or you could make it or something happen or you had an accident, you can do one year for free, but uh you can take one year again
if
And I feel like that cost this artificial,
I feel like like why do these institutions have to have to ask that much money? The universities have too much because they are not state funded well.
If
there would be state funded black in Belgium, maybe you would pay more taxes that education would be, would be available to to a lot more people, which would
which would allow them to earn more and then along and even pay more texas and not even feel it and not being in debt for for
Absolutely.
So where we going?
Okay. Yeah, that was a big apartment. All right. Can I guess time's up?
Yes, it went really quickly. I wish you luck with your studies.
Yeah. And have fun on your short holiday.
Okay. Bye now.