Good good, how are you?
Thank you. Uh
I
guess we
talk and talk about whatever for 25 minutes. Uh
Well we could start with where you're from.
Very
that's for sure. Absolutely
Well right now I live in California, I moved here three years ago from Ohio and I was born in Maryland so I've been all over the place really. Um I was born
in the United States, not from anywhere cool so. Mhm.
It's
Oh that's cool,
wow I've never
even ella yet and I've lived here three years because I live
in the North Park. Yeah.
would think so. Two hours up from the Bay Area. So I think so.
I know
they've
got stuff there
I think
yeah about an hour or something.
That's
our
yeah it's always people are always surprised by that. How cool is on the coast here, it's not like the east Coast where beaches are nice and warm and stuff. Yeah,
it's been 100 degrees every day here at least.
So yeah,
that's what happens when you live in the valley and not on the coast. Okay.
I would if I could afford it, I'm a student
I want an option for me really right now,
I'm studying something. It's like a mixture of computer science and biology, so it's called bioinformatics. Yeah,
jerry.
That's
It's
it's the worst. I'm just finishing up my summer courses um and I have a calculus three final do today, so
that's what I'm going to be doing later.
Well I'm pretty sure that I'm it's already set in stone how I'm gonna do regardless. I what I should be fine I think.
Until for a few weeks at least until um fall semester starts up doing
nothing and going
to work.
That's
it.
Yeah. I need a little mental break after this summer. It's a tough class. Mhm.
Yeah these ones were online um which normally they don't offer the math courses online, but given the circumstances it was kind of like we have to and I think that my fall semester is also set to be remote as well for the same reason so we'll see how it goes. Yeah.
But
I don't know I'm going to do a physics lab online. I don't know how that's gonna work out, see
what happens.
Yeah, we're just because no one's listening.
People
just
don't apply.
I remember.
my
That
is,
I remember reading about it.
Yeah of course. Um were mixed bag over here in California. I don't know, different counties are taking it more seriously than others, so I'm just I'm wearing a mask and stuff all the time because I work in a pharmacy, so like I kind of have to, but it's nice to do. So I think. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Little plexi, glass, plastic. Nothing.
That's true. Yeah. Mhm. I still get all the same complaints though from people, no matter what. Yeah. Just, I don't know that I feel like people are so self centered when it comes to their issues. They don't realize the grants everything that's affecting everything. So whatever, that's what happens whenever you have a job dealing with people, they just can't see outside of their own personal scope for anything. Yeah.
Yeah.
And everyone knows people can get very serious about their drugs and what their Medicaid and such. Yeah. So they're angry at me when it's not my fault.
Perfect.
Well that's
good.
Well, it's very much appreciated when you're, yes, it's not, it's unfortunately not as common as it should be for people be nice to us. Yeah.
What they don't realize is half the things they get upset about is their insurance, it's not us.
it's, I I have so much to say about our health care system here and none of it is good, so
huh.
And
Like,
Thanks.
Well, you never know what to expect here. Like you go
in for a doctor's appointment and I get a bill for 500 something and they don't even tell me what it's for. I don't know.
probably. Yeah. It feels arbitrary Hamas the yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mm.
I know. Yeah. Well the problem is that they're they're unfortunately do exist doctors that accept deals with big companies to like push their medication over another one even though it's more expensive because they've made a deal with them. Like you don't even know if your own doctor has your best interests at heart or if it's just for the money.
It is.
something like that because I went to the dentist for the first time in a while because I've been putting off because I don't have dental insurance, but I was like okay, I think it's time to at least go in for a checkup. So I did and I ended up with a bill of like over $2000 because I don't have insurance
and like I'm 22 years old, I work minimum wage part time because I'm a student. So like that's a lot of money and it's just like that was that was after their in house insurance plan discounts or whatever that I signed up. Mhm.
Yeah. And I've avoided so many other doctors appointments just because I know like
it's going to be some ridiculous. Thank you.
Hi. Mhm.
No. Yeah. I don't know. There's a lot of things that I need to change in the country, but I don't know how to do it yet. So. Yeah,
that's
I voted.
The
let's see,
I
think
we apply here as well because
something
like 50% of the population doesn't even turn up for voting or something. It's an extreme amount of people that don't show up and I don't understand it because I mean, you think about that whole other 50% of people that could easily sway any election either way. Mhm. Mhm.
agreed.
Yeah, that's very
often have your voice and you're not using it, so. Mhm.
I mean, I'll admit that I don't feel my personal vote does much um but it's still my responsibility to be a part of the whole either way. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I think we're just too polarized in terms of politics, it will never get anything done regardless because this there's this underlying need with everything to compromise and that's not that's not how we should be approaching it anymore, because we can't just compromise over and over will never get anything done at that rate. Like there's going to have to be some that's followed by a compromise.
ideally,
yeah, it would be dismantling parties and maybe doing some some type of voting on like by issue basis and not just
and even if maybe even if we didn't even know the names of who we're voting for rather we just are forced into reading their policies that would be better because people just pick a name and they vote for it, they pick their party and the name they like and they vote for him mm I mean of course not everyone does but I would say a large percentage of adults just do that, they're just party loyal and they don't pay attention to what they're actually supporting
agreed and then we'll pick the most
qualified people for the ideas we want after.
That would be smart. That's how you know it will never happen, it's too smart.
Mhm. Yeah it's unfortunate and I definitely feel nervous for the upcoming election,
There's no good outcome. Like there's nothing good that can come of it so. Uh huh.
No.
Exactly. Yeah. There's there's nobody that I want to vote for. I'm going to vote for somebody but I don't want to.
Yeah. That is important. Yes.
this is true. Well I already know who I'm voting for so it's fine but still upset and I just I get bad feelings about politics in the past few years. It just feels so contrived and not it just feels like it's not real. I don't know how to explain it but it's like very strange situations and stuff. That stuff it's not very honest.
consequences.
Exactly. That that goes for any part of the United States. You have enough money then it's none of our business.
For a piece of bread. Yeah. But then you steal money from all the workers that are working the lowest wages and that's just business. That's not a crime. Mhm. It's ridiculous. Yeah, homelessness like I just don't even see how or why it's still an issue like it's so easy to not have that.
We
have enough
budget. We're just misusing our budget for over funding things that don't need the funding.
Yeah. What are we even at war for? What's even what are we fighting for right now? Pretty
much.
So it's ridiculous. I'm pretty sure the military budget um makes up like a third of the entire United States budget. One third versus like social
programs like for elderly people and like state provided medical stuff or whatever. It's like
first.
Yes, easily a third. Yeah.
For more.
It's crazy. Yeah. Everything like stuff like education and things like that, that matters like this tiny little sliver on the pie chart. It's insane. The priorities here are just so out of whack. They're they're dated to when we were in big wars and stuff like a decade or not a decade a century ago. It's like we're not in the middle of an industrial revolution anymore, we're not in the middle of this huge world war. We shouldn't be preparing students for factory jobs or for military or stuff like we have actual technological growth and stuff. There's so much more opportunity
and call
it
viable for everyone if we would just make it affordable. It's like they make it unaffordable on purpose to push people to those options of military and stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
It's crazy. I am not looking forward to when I have to finally take out alone so far paid for it out of pocket, but next year I don't think I'll be able to. Yeah.
Mhm I'm sure it's something outrageous.
That's how much I paid for my books. Mhm
Yeah. Well like
it's crazy like 40 years ago here um tuition costs were pretty similar to what you cited for diversity costs, but even if you account for inflation, we're still paying more than 10 times as much as we're supposed to if it were going to be equivalent in terms of inflation. It
is it?
Thank
you.
No.
I know. I think people fail to realize that whatever you would, whatever you would end up paying and taxes would be coming from what you would have paid anyway without those taxes, it ends up
being left out in the end. Uh huh.
Different yeah, lighting is not as good. What? Uh huh. Okay, I'm back.
Cool. It didn't seem that long.
you. Good luck for you as well in new york. Thank
you. I'll do my best. Okay.