SPEAKER_L: point from the last two extra zeros and blame it on effective. Please answer your refund amount that even amount shipping. $200. As I said, you will make a payment in part my wife. Yeah, cowards die or okay hold on. I mean deliberately I'm the script says technology. That's his cute through daily evidence cited. Are you there? Hope it's difficult. Mhm. All right.
SPEAKER_R: hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: I can hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you. You can hear me.
SPEAKER_R: listen,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry if I have poor light. I'm hiding from my toddler so I had to hide in my bedroom. So.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds like a good excuse to get away. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I live in New Jersey.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool. I've traveled
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: through there. I live right now. I live in Kansas but I've lived all over the place. So
SPEAKER_R: okay? Yeah, I've uh, my entire life.
SPEAKER_L: you've lived in Jersey your entire life. That's cool. Well you sound way more educated than the representation of Jersey. You get on tv.
SPEAKER_R: it thanks. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Not that you get much representation of Jersey on T. V.
SPEAKER_R: No, just the, just the negative stereotypes. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I used to watch Jersey shore. I don't even watch it anymore. No but I watch Big Brother and both the people winning or from Jersey but both of them seem like they didn't quite finish high school
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sounds about right.
SPEAKER_L: so. Yeah. But not
SPEAKER_R: Actually.
SPEAKER_L: that there's
SPEAKER_R: One of
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: wrong with that. There's nothing wrong. You can still be educated and not finish high school so.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely, you can finish college and not be educators. Actually one of the, uh, interface from Jersey Shore, uh,
SPEAKER_L: Never.
SPEAKER_R: snooki. She actually lives down in the town that I live in Toms River. Yeah, she, uh, I think she's from like Staten Island in new york and then if not, she's starting somewhere else in new york, but she lived first in the town, not far from where I am and then moved to this town Toms River and immediately started complaining about it, complaining that she was getting harassed by fans and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: That I mean that kind of seems like it goes with the territory. If you get in reality tv you should kind of expect that.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they are there to be your literally your fan not a movie character. You know what I mean? Like they're there because they like you so get a good fence system. Get a good security system. Yeah. So how is life going for you during everything that's going on?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, so I'm a teacher, so I teach high school and my high school is fully virtual. All the kids are home learning at home on their Chromebooks and it's, it's a little bit of struggle. Um, you know, the problem is that there's districts all throughout New Jersey where some are actually in the building, some are doing virtual. Like I am, some school districts are doing half and half kind of thing. Where have the kids throw up for one week and then the other half shell for the second week and goes back and forth. Um, I would say the most difficult thing would be we heading into the summer. Our plan was to do a half and half thing. And then a week before the school year began, we, they pulled the plug and said, okay, we're doing virtual. So, um,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you know, that's been a bit of a struggle trying to adapt to that, you know, doing everything online that you would like to do in person. Um But other than that, you know, it's it's all right, you know do the social distance thing and and you know try and keep your parties to a minimum, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I've kind of been I'm a special needs education tutor but I travel normally pre pandemic too clients homes or sometimes it might be different locations like a therapy center or something like that. But due to the pandemic um I do have some clients I was able to keep and do telecommunications zoom you know um still have sessions with them. But since most of my clients are special needs, they can't just sit in front of a computer screen and do that like and then I I honestly I think it's obviously best especially for my clients who are a lot are immune suppressed or you know stuff like that or have family members who are and I don't want to be coming going from one client's house to another client's house and be the carrier like that's my biggest fear, you know what I mean? So I had to lose a lot of work, but I try to keep my spirits up by saying I'm doing what's best because that's like I said, my biggest fear would be that I would pass it on to someone who could, you know, end up dying. Like that's my don't even like saying it out loud, you know, so it's definitely understandable. Um, as far as public schools here in Kansas, I live, I live in Kansas now, I live in Wichita, which is one of the bigger metropolitan areas. Um we live Wichita has over 300,000 people, so it's considered a big city. So, and they started school, they were supposed, they literally fought right up into the end of what they were going to do because overall for the country, we had very low numbers here, but we, it's also and I'm not trying to get political, but it's a very, I live in a Republican state. So like we have a lot of, I call them them my rights people and you know, when you're out in public, matt masks are, if you're lucky, you know, 60% of people are wearing them so surprisingly still with, I mean we we've literally had the my, you know, the protest of the people not wanting to wear masks when we have so much bigger things to be protesting right now. That's what the protests here were for a while. So it's just kind of and they literally up until like maybe like the week or two before school fought back and forth and went decided to go back to school full time, No virtual. And now we are presently one of like one of the hot zones since school started and our cases went from like very low numbers daily too. I think they went up 150% or something like that. Like it's like a huge up break. So I definitely feel like what the f are you thinking in the first place? But you know, hopefully they'll figure it out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's you know of course number is going to go back up once the school year begins. You know, it's that was a surprise for anybody, you know kids.
SPEAKER_L: Especially since the school year starts when flu season and germ season starts. So I don't know what they were thinking. I think, I mean, I'm sure it's because they have a lot of Republican pressure on, you know, two follow, but look how well that's working. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's it's you know, can't make everybody happy with like you know, I have family members who you know were laid off because you know their their company closed and they couldn't sustain, you know, we uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know in New Jersey like the week of right around ST. day. So like the 17th is kind of when we locked down and You know, that was supposed to be for like two weeks and they wanted to, you know, do the two weeks to kind of slow the spread is what they kept saying and you know, to prepare all the hospitals for, you know, the ventilators and this and that, and you know, so being fairly close to New york, obviously a big epicenter New Jersey, also that hit pretty hard. Um you know, so my point being like, it's tough because, you know, part of me is like, you know, I don't know how much longer a lot of businesses can sustain this kind of thing when you're not getting, you know, a door, anything. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you know, he said not to get too political, you know, I consider myself like a moderate, you know, I see both both sides of the issue. Um You know, I think it's kind of unfair the government can, you know, shut your business down, but it's not gonna help you in return, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I agree with that. I agree with that.
SPEAKER_R: it's tough. You know, New Jersey is obviously like a very blue state, but I would say where I live is fairly red um kind of makes state heading towards south a little bit, gets more red as you go. Um So you know, it's tough because it's again it's it's it's very conflicted, you know, I don't know how much longer wait for a vaccine that may never come. You know, uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and kids are home, you know, I work in a district where it's very um very low income. So a lot of those parents, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Don't
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: have places. Yeah, I definitely think about that. Yeah, I definitely agree with you. A lot of people don't have the luxury of just being able to be like, well I can just sit at home and then when they cut off any kind of assistance that they were giving, I definitely agree with all that. I feel like if you're not conflicted right now with everything going on, you're not listening or you're not paying attention because there's so it's hard to choose. You know, there's a little bit of right everywhere, you know? So it is definitely hard and it's crazy. It's something, you know, we've never been through and I'm 34 so I mean I'm not that old but old enough to be surprised that like, you know, this is not something this is not normal, this is totally something none of us have experienced before, you know? So it's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: scary to me when I hear people say it's the new normal because it's like
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: that's scary to me that it could last. I don't want it to be normal, you know? Of course it's not, I don't want it to be the new normal. I don't want to let you know, I'm just hoping for the best income part out income, the best outcome possible. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's so I'm a social studies teacher and you know, it's, I usually try and keep my own kind of beliefs out of class, you know, I'm always very honest about being, I'm not like a registered democrat or republican, I'm registered independent because I'm like, to me, there's more than two sides to every issue and it's kind of silly to, to align with one side completely, you know, there's, there's assholes on both sides, you
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: 100%.
SPEAKER_R: and it's, you know, one of the things you try and teach in school where, you know, you have to look at things from many different angles, so like there's no easy answer for this pandemic, you know? It's
SPEAKER_L: always I try to explain it to my nieces and nephews. We just had this conversation
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: not that long ago and I tried to explain it to him. I actually heard it in a Youtube video. I don't know, I don't remember it wasn't that long ago but a good way. It was an awesome way to explain. It was don't look as voting or deciding who your candidate is as your car. Looking at as a bus, it's a city bus, it might get you close to the location you're trying to get to, but it's not going to get you all the way and you pick the bus, that's gonna get you closest to where you're trying to go. And I just thought that was a great way to explain it to a younger generation or even, you know, it's I'm not with the last election, the last election i in voted in honestly was Obama's first term. And then I kind of was involved more and more worried about school and my kids growing up and stuff like that. So I kind of wasn't too involved in politics at all. And then this one was the first one where I honestly felt like I'm more of making a stand of where, where I'm actually trying, I didn't even vote in the last two elections and I wanted to make, you know, a conscious effort this time of paying attention listening to both sides, you know, and and making a good a good vote for where, like I said, trying to get my bus closest to where I need to go, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: And the,
SPEAKER_R: good analogy
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I thought that was really neat.
SPEAKER_R: and you saw that from a Youtube video?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah. I love Youtube. I won't lie. I'm like a youtube. It's embarrassing. But I'm like, I watch youtube more than anything. Like when I'm getting ready in the morning, I'll have a video. I have like a morning youtube show I watch and then like some channels. I just like, I guess I subscribe to it. So I just started watching may be the last year too. But I like, I love it now. I, I think it's convenient for me because they're so short. You know, you can be like, okay, I just need something to listen to what I'm making breakfast or when I'm getting ready. So it's like you can get it in and out. But yeah, I definitely love Youtube. I can't believe that 34 I'm saying that and I didn't even use it until like 2018 was when I really started using it. So yeah, late in the game and now obsessed with it.
SPEAKER_R: I think I was one of the earlier ones out of my friends who used Youtube, you know? Hey, have you heard of youtube? Know what's that? And that was probably, God, probably uh At least over 10 years ago, you know? Probably
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: 2007.
SPEAKER_L: thing I used, sorry, I used to only use it for tutorials. Like if I would meet with, how do I do this and you can always count on Youtube to have a tutorial. But I didn't realize it had like an entertainment aspect to it. Until like two years ago there was like actual shows you could follow and stuff. It's really neat. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: You can get, you can get lost down many different rabbit holes of useless
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: knowledge and
SPEAKER_L: that is so funny. You say that because I'm like a true crime person. So that's a lot of the Youtube I like and you'll get sucked into a rebel. I always say that to my partner. I'm always like, I'll start off on one video and three hours later I'll be trying to solve a unsolved crime from the 19 fifties in Wisconsin. Like, I don't know how I ended up there because I like read it too. So I'll be in Youtube and Reddit, like there's always a riddick for it. Like you can you be like, oh, I'm interested in this case. Lo and behold, there's a whole Reddit link on people trying to solve this case already. Now it's meat.
SPEAKER_R: The same
SPEAKER_L: Especially
SPEAKER_R: thing happens
SPEAKER_L: since
SPEAKER_R: to me.
SPEAKER_L: the pandemic, it's easy, you know, you lose human connection so it's better to have it, you know, at least online, you know, like the Reddit community, Youtube community.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The same thing happens to me on Wikipedia where it's, you know, you start with one thing and then, oh, he was a hyperlink to something kind of related and I'll go this way and then three hours have gone by, you know? All right. It's time for bed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's when they always suck me in for the donation there. Like you've been using this for a while and I'm like, okay, you're right ticket. You got me. I would be sad if Wikipedia disappeared though.
SPEAKER_R: Weren't they charged me for it, you know? Uh might not be using Wikipedia anymore.
SPEAKER_L: They always say the same thing. It's like, it's just a cup of coffee and it's like, ok, I've given you six cup of coffee's this month. Stop it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And
SPEAKER_L: I oh,
SPEAKER_R: have you been using prolific for a long?
SPEAKER_L: I just started using prolific in september actually. Yeah. Have you?
SPEAKER_R: I heard about it probably like, I don't know, at least a year ago. And it was one of the things I just kept open like in a separate tab because I was like, how like how legitimate is this, you know? And I'm like, oh, they pay you in pounds, okay, that's interesting. And then,
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: you know, so it's, I've used it on and off for, you know, probably a year. And then, I mean once I was working from home in March when we uh when we lock down and I had to continue teaching from home, I was I had it on all the time in the background, you know? And uh every so often I'll get one of these kinds of studies where it's like an interview or a webcam or video chat or something like that. It's interesting I think, you know, like the fact that it's colleges who are,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: who are,
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: excited to do this one because you lose that where you get to meet strangers and learn their stories and you know, with everything going on, you know, I spend probably 90% of my time at home now because I have small Children too, so you don't want to bring anything home or you know so it was like oh cool I can meet a stranger to talk to them like I was so excited so it's definitely interesting. Um I just started, I found out I found this through Reddit and um like I was looking for ways to supplement like I said I lost some clients for because of and was looking for ways to supplement income and with this and actually another one I use called D Scout which is kind of like this where you do like it's an app on your phone though but you do like interview like one minute interviews. I've made like I started that one in the middle of september and I've made $350 already. So that's like I was like that's you know like I call it my little bit blessing in disguise because I was just scroll and read it one day and happened to find like, you know what someone writing about it and was like, let me check that out. And I think it's really cool. I really like uh participating in the studies and stuff. Especially like on prolific there. So like you can tell that they're doing something. You know what I mean? It's not like a where I've had other people show me like survey apps where it's like you're literally just filling out surveys for like, like yes or no questions for for adult and it's not the same. Like I've tried those out and I'm like, aren't they don't keep you uh your attention going. It's hard, you know what I mean? It's, it's hard to want to sit through a 30 minute study about shaving cream where you're just answering questions, you know what I mean? But this is the first one I've had on prolific where it was a video call, so I was like, that's really cool. I was excited to do that. Like I was so excited to talk to someone I didn't know. It's not something you get to do very often anymore.
SPEAKER_R: a different part of the country too. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm from, I'm originally, like I said, I've been all over, but like my overall where I say, I'm from, I'm from Virginia from Norfolk right on the coast, But I've lived in calif uh, san Diego California. When I was little, I was born in lemon stir massachusetts. Um, when I was like seven or eight, I actually lived for a summer with my dad in New Jersey, but I couldn't tell you where, I could just tell you what our apartment building looked like. I usually lived with my mom and was just, I don't know what was going on. I was only seven or eight, but live I live with my dad first summer and he lived in New Jersey at the time. I lived in Brooklyn new york for about six months with my best friend when I was young. Should you know why not? She lived in Brooklyn new york, like it was awesome to explore. She looked literally on Bushwick Avenue, so it was really cool to explore the city and you know,
SPEAKER_R: I used to go to Brooklyn a lot,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: hang up.
SPEAKER_L: really cool place to be. I'm a I'm a people person in the city person and I'm only 49 so I'm very on, you know what I mean? Like I'm not threatening to anyone, anyone will talk to me, you know what I mean? So it's I love to meet new people and learn new stories and see things from others perspective. So I loved being there and now I'm in Kansas. So
SPEAKER_R: How long have been Kansas Park?
SPEAKER_L: um this time I've been here since 2000 and 18, february, but I also lived in a different part of Kansas, a really small town country, part of Kansas from 2000 and 4 to 2000 and nine. So, and then from in between there I moved back to Virginia, that's like my home, that's where my family is. So I've moved around a lot for work for either my spouse or for me, but whereas like, for me, for family, family is in Virginia. So like I grew up, it's so weird to me to be in the middle, There's not a seafood restaurant here besides the red lobster, there's there, I call them giant puddles, there's like no beach, it's just they call them lakes, I call them giant puddles because they're also easy on the bottom and they think it's not my my apartment complexes literally on a lake and you know, it's beautiful to look at, but I wouldn't jump in its think,
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: no, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: imagine,
SPEAKER_L: same, it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: can imagine
SPEAKER_L: the same.
SPEAKER_R: so easy to find good pizza either. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean, Yeah. No, not really. No. I guess the best thing you can say for like, what's their unique food out here would be like barbecue. I guess they have pretty good barbecue. That's and even then it's like, I'm from Virginia. You know, you've got south Carolina barbecue right there, like it's all right, So.
SPEAKER_R: Or even like even if you go to like Maryland Baltimore, like can get good barbecue, you know, so it's, I don't feel like it's too hard to find good barbecue.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, and there's so many different regional types of barbecue. Like if you go down, you get like tex Mex down in texas with like, you know what I mean? So it's like you can get good barbecue and and to be completely honest, I don't like K. C. Barbecue sauce, that's supposed to be what you're going for. You know? Like, I feel like my Carolina sauce give me that instead and they, you know, they don't even have that here, so, but you know,
SPEAKER_R: My only familiarity with Virginia is If I'm driving to Myrtle Beach, you know, down 95, right? Or I had a few friends who went to um what's it called? James Madison University, was there a couple times just kind of hang out. Actually, a lot of people in my area in New Jersey go to JMU for some reason, I don't know why. It's it's weird. It's like it's almost like it's um like a satellite location for this town in our lives. Jersey is the problem. They go to JMU.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: final.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Again, I don't know why I like there, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Even if
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: you talk
SPEAKER_L: gonna look
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: younger
SPEAKER_L: do you know where in Virginia that is? James Madison?
SPEAKER_R: JMU, it's in uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: God. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to think so like I think it's more on the west side of Virginia, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm
SPEAKER_R: like the last time I went
SPEAKER_L: literally from three blocks from the beach, so I was like, I'm not I've heard of James JMU but I'm not, I was like, I'm not sure where that is, I wasn't sure if it was close by or far away,
SPEAKER_R: now it's it's in Harrisonburg. That's right.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah, that is the other side. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I drove past there on my way to Tennessee wants to like, you know, Knoxville.
SPEAKER_L: My youngest sister, she's at um U. V. A. Right now, so she was, she was going to go to Virginia Tech, but when she signed up for school, when she got into college, it was like not that long after the shooting there. So she was a little freak of course, obviously a little freaked out about that and I kind of make fun of her because I'm like, yeah, you went to, you know, you were worried about the school shooter and he ended up, she ended up being at school when the riots went on there for like the conservatives or I didn't really, again, that was that in a time when I wasn't too into politics or even like watching the news on like, like I was just like I had kids and I was trying to go to school and a job so I didn't have a life, like there was no extra room in my brain.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Much better and bigger priorities. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but she, I mean, but I talked she was
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: scared at the time. So I was like, so you ended up worried about one school and ended up I was like I guess it doesn't matter where you go like you're gonna end up you might end up with a problem either which way. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know social media definitely doesn't help with any of that stuff you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I hate social media. The only social media I uses Reddit and Pinterest. I don't even I disabled my facebook in 2000 and 18 just completely stopped using it. Don't use it at all. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: have an
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: instagram that I probably haven't logged into in like two years. I just don't even I don't even miss it. You know what I mean? It's just such a negative energy most of time and it's just not even worth it and if you really care about somebody text them and ask them to send you a picture. You know? So it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like so
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's what I tell like you know the kids in high school probably like oh you're crazy. You know where I'm like you really got rid of instagram and I probably sound like I'm on my rocking chair or something you know get rid of facebook. It's not good for you. It's you
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know it's
SPEAKER_L: not you can you just pick
SPEAKER_R: fake.
SPEAKER_L: up so much misinformation, so much misinformation about everything, everything and
SPEAKER_R: Well not
SPEAKER_L: you scammed
SPEAKER_R: even that.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah not even that but just like you know the dopamine hit you get every time you post a photo and then you want to so many people like my photo and you know I see that in school where kids are just addicted to
SPEAKER_L: I bet.
SPEAKER_R: instagram or or tic tac or facebook and it's um there was a really good documentary. Um and netflix what's it called? The social I forget what it's called but it's about it's about all that how you know it's really detrimental to developing minds and stuff like that. It's bad.
SPEAKER_L: I like I like how you called it an addiction because I honestly feel like that because even of this sense of like like you said like they want people to like their photos so stay on photo one, they just upload a normal you know just a selfie of them smiling the camera, they get 20 likes the next time they're gonna do something because they want more like so say they might do something outrageous or promiscuous to get more like so it's just like an addiction where you want more for to get that same high you know what I mean? So I like that you said it's an addiction because I think for kids especially it is it really is so it's crazy. Are you talking or you talking about the one that just came out on netflix? Not that long ago I want to watch that. I have it in my like my list but like I said I don't have her laugh like a long enough time to sit down and watch a whole movie. So I that's why I love Youtube but that is something I do. I have put in my list because I love documentaries and I do I thought it sounded really interesting. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it's called The Social Dilemma I think
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: it's called.
SPEAKER_L: so. I think so.
SPEAKER_R: And um before dilemma
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it's worth
SPEAKER_L: you said
SPEAKER_R: watching.
SPEAKER_L: it was good. It is good. Yeah, I'm definitely I definitely want to watch that. I love documentaries, Anything true crime or documentary. I love it. So that's my favorite genre.
SPEAKER_R: and this is fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it was it was really nice to talk to someone that I have not ever seen before. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's you know especially because like you said I guess because you used to traveling and meeting new people and stuff and and talking to new people from different parts of the parts of the world of the country. So it's like that's quite amazing. I miss it out since you know the pandemic began is being out and talking to people you know even if it's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like I've lost that
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: heart
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: of me you know and I don't want it to become my new normal that you don't talk to people. You know. So it was nice to have a little refresher. You know they should come up with something like this for the pandemic. Like you can just randomly talk to people. I know they have stuff like that but it's like creepy from everything I've seen even attempt to use it. So I've never even tried because
SPEAKER_R: It was the site you want to avoid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. So they need to make one that's like user user friendly, you know, close not optional must have too
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: much. But it was really nice to meet you and I hope you have a safe and good holiday and you know so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. Thank
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: don't know how to I don't know how to disconnect this.
SPEAKER_R: I think just exiting we'll probably do it.
SPEAKER_L: Well you have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: Good to Thank You. Have a good one.