hello,
I can hear me
listen,
that sounds like a good excuse to get away. Yeah,
I live in New Jersey.
You're
okay? Yeah, I've uh, my entire life.
it thanks. I appreciate it.
No, just the, just the negative stereotypes. Right?
Yeah,
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Actually.
One of
the,
absolutely, you can finish college and not be educators. Actually one of the, uh, interface from Jersey Shore, uh,
snooki. She actually lives down in the town that I live in Toms River. Yeah, she, uh, I think she's from like Staten Island in new york and then if not, she's starting somewhere else in new york, but she lived first in the town, not far from where I am and then moved to this town Toms River and immediately started complaining about it, complaining that she was getting harassed by fans and stuff.
absolutely.
Yeah, I mean, so I'm a teacher, so I teach high school and my high school is fully virtual. All the kids are home learning at home on their Chromebooks and it's, it's a little bit of struggle. Um, you know, the problem is that there's districts all throughout New Jersey where some are actually in the building, some are doing virtual. Like I am, some school districts are doing half and half kind of thing. Where have the kids throw up for one week and then the other half shell for the second week and goes back and forth. Um, I would say the most difficult thing would be we heading into the summer. Our plan was to do a half and half thing. And then a week before the school year began, we, they pulled the plug and said, okay, we're doing virtual. So, um,
you know, that's been a bit of a struggle trying to adapt to that, you know, doing everything online that you would like to do in person. Um But other than that, you know, it's it's all right, you know do the social distance thing and and you know try and keep your parties to a minimum, you know.
Yeah. I mean it's you know of course number is going to go back up once the school year begins. You know, it's that was a surprise for anybody, you know kids.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's you know, can't make everybody happy with like you know, I have family members who you know were laid off because you know their their company closed and they couldn't sustain, you know, we uh
You know in New Jersey like the week of right around ST. day. So like the 17th is kind of when we locked down and You know, that was supposed to be for like two weeks and they wanted to, you know, do the two weeks to kind of slow the spread is what they kept saying and you know, to prepare all the hospitals for, you know, the ventilators and this and that, and you know, so being fairly close to New york, obviously a big epicenter New Jersey, also that hit pretty hard. Um you know, so my point being like, it's tough because, you know, part of me is like, you know, I don't know how much longer a lot of businesses can sustain this kind of thing when you're not getting, you know, a door, anything. Um
you know, you know, he said not to get too political, you know, I consider myself like a moderate, you know, I see both both sides of the issue. Um You know, I think it's kind of unfair the government can, you know, shut your business down, but it's not gonna help you in return, you know?
it's tough. You know, New Jersey is obviously like a very blue state, but I would say where I live is fairly red um kind of makes state heading towards south a little bit, gets more red as you go. Um So you know, it's tough because it's again it's it's it's very conflicted, you know, I don't know how much longer wait for a vaccine that may never come. You know, uh
and kids are home, you know, I work in a district where it's very um very low income. So a lot of those parents, you know,
they
It's
hey.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's so I'm a social studies teacher and you know, it's, I usually try and keep my own kind of beliefs out of class, you know, I'm always very honest about being, I'm not like a registered democrat or republican, I'm registered independent because I'm like, to me, there's more than two sides to every issue and it's kind of silly to, to align with one side completely, you know, there's, there's assholes on both sides, you
know,
and it's, you know, one of the things you try and teach in school where, you know, you have to look at things from many different angles, so like there's no easy answer for this pandemic, you know? It's
it,
yeah, that's
good analogy
and you saw that from a Youtube video?
I think I was one of the earlier ones out of my friends who used Youtube, you know? Hey, have you heard of youtube? Know what's that? And that was probably, God, probably uh At least over 10 years ago, you know? Probably
like
2007.
You can get, you can get lost down many different rabbit holes of useless
knowledge and
The same
thing happens
to me.
Yeah. The same thing happens to me on Wikipedia where it's, you know, you start with one thing and then, oh, he was a hyperlink to something kind of related and I'll go this way and then three hours have gone by, you know? All right. It's time for bed.
Weren't they charged me for it, you know? Uh might not be using Wikipedia anymore.
Mhm. And
have you been using prolific for a long?
I heard about it probably like, I don't know, at least a year ago. And it was one of the things I just kept open like in a separate tab because I was like, how like how legitimate is this, you know? And I'm like, oh, they pay you in pounds, okay, that's interesting. And then,
you know, so it's, I've used it on and off for, you know, probably a year. And then, I mean once I was working from home in March when we uh when we lock down and I had to continue teaching from home, I was I had it on all the time in the background, you know? And uh every so often I'll get one of these kinds of studies where it's like an interview or a webcam or video chat or something like that. It's interesting I think, you know, like the fact that it's colleges who are,
who are,
you know?
a different part of the country too. Right. Yeah.
I used to go to Brooklyn a lot,
just
hang up.
How long have been Kansas Park?
now
I
can't
imagine,
I
can imagine
so easy to find good pizza either. Huh?
Or even like even if you go to like Maryland Baltimore, like can get good barbecue, you know, so it's, I don't feel like it's too hard to find good barbecue.
My only familiarity with Virginia is If I'm driving to Myrtle Beach, you know, down 95, right? Or I had a few friends who went to um what's it called? James Madison University, was there a couple times just kind of hang out. Actually, a lot of people in my area in New Jersey go to JMU for some reason, I don't know why. It's it's weird. It's like it's almost like it's um like a satellite location for this town in our lives. Jersey is the problem. They go to JMU.
It's
yeah. Again, I don't know why I like there, you know? Mhm.
Even if
you talk
to
like a
younger
JMU, it's in uh
God. Um
I'm trying to think so like I think it's more on the west side of Virginia, so
like the last time I went
now it's it's in Harrisonburg. That's right.
I drove past there on my way to Tennessee wants to like, you know, Knoxville.
Well,
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Much better and bigger priorities. Right.
Who?
you know social media definitely doesn't help with any of that stuff you know?
Yeah that's
room.
that's
yeah that's what I tell like you know the kids in high school probably like oh you're crazy. You know where I'm like you really got rid of instagram and I probably sound like I'm on my rocking chair or something you know get rid of facebook. It's not good for you. It's you
know it's
fake.
Well not
even that.
Yeah not even that but just like you know the dopamine hit you get every time you post a photo and then you want to so many people like my photo and you know I see that in school where kids are just addicted to
instagram or or tic tac or facebook and it's um there was a really good documentary. Um and netflix what's it called? The social I forget what it's called but it's about it's about all that how you know it's really detrimental to developing minds and stuff like that. It's bad.
Yeah. I think it's called The Social Dilemma I think
it's called.
And um before dilemma
it's worth
watching.
and this is fun.
right great.
It's you know especially because like you said I guess because you used to traveling and meeting new people and stuff and and talking to new people from different parts of the parts of the world of the country. So it's like that's quite amazing. I miss it out since you know the pandemic began is being out and talking to people you know even if it's
like
or
something.
It was the site you want to avoid. Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah. You too. Thank
you.
I think just exiting we'll probably do it.
Good to Thank You. Have a good one.