Hello. Yeah
how you doing?
I'm good. Are we been? How are they being
mm That's so nice of you. Yeah. Yeah sure.
So
you look beautiful. I must conference you look you look good. Yeah.
mm So good. Yes
I
think a single marriage.
Mm divorce. Why
that is wonderful.
Um Well I'm also divers have one kid. So where do you stay?
Yeah stay out in new york.
Mhm. So what do you do?
That
is nice. Look right.
He
must be a good counsel. You must be a good counselor.
me. I feel like you are. I
love your smile. I love your smile.
Everything about it is nice. It's good. Perfect.
that's
what happened. Mm That's what every what everybody's saying but I don't think I am but I don't think I am.
well that's what people say but I don't I don't I don't think so. I don't know. Maybe if you explain for me I will understand much better
out.
Mm. Obama sweet like honey. I'm sweet like sugar. I really love to know. I really love to know you if I'd love to meet you both.
It's possible. It's possible.
It's
single
is
a single moment a single day in the countries where we'll be profits.
You're very
fun.
I'm well I'm a resident doctor nowhere then doctor.
What is it
kind of gets me?
Hello.
Hello. I say I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor.
carol carol. Character key. Um You what do you call New one doctor. My specialty
my specialty. Okay.
Why why are you so much concern on my specialty?
Okay. What if I tell him? So I'm a surgeon.
Yes. So so funny. So how are you seeing this pandemic pandemic over there? No place.
You're working from home. So how do you do it? Because me, I don't think I work from home. I commute to work almost every day,
wow.
Well seems like yours, a lot of people did not take it serious. Even the social, the social distancing is not it's not the kind of some extent. So I advise, I am mostly advised people around me to wear marks and to create this social distance. They are not just taking this here shit.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a social distance. People are not taking a cell but I advise people from social distancing.
Country.
Oh is that it?
I am Hello.
I can't see your picture. I can't see,
I can't see you. You you I can see your video. Yeah
I can see. No, no now.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It has always been my world very, very well. I've been very worried about this. Thanks to because I mostly every day I commute to work. So it's very probably so I'm also worried. I wonder like every week I make sure I wanna tests you understand those to be sure I understand because I wouldn't want a situation whereby me as a doctor I contacted and pass it to my fellows patients. And I think as much as possible to make sure that I make I were necessary equipment whenever I want to talk to my patients so that we're not also contacted for my patient is very very necessary. The two methods of their very necessary not contact, not to give it to my patients and also not contact for my patients. They were necessary. So every sometimes I did my test twice in every week just to make sure I'm good. I'm secure and I'm safe.
What
about
you? Have you done any tests for the for the point for the virus? Since it started?
okay.
Apart from that answers to talk about I want us. I really like you, I really appreciate you. I've not seen you but I think I do.
What do you think? What do you what do you think?
I
also
I hope when they will just look up
one day we will hook up took a book off.
Why? Because of your ex
wow wow wow. Why did you divorce? There was a situation, let me learn from it. But you don't judge from your past at least they're kind of better people out there. So you don't say because your ex disappointed you you know do it again. It's not at least not not every human and it's not every dude, not if we do that the same,
I might um you might give me the opportunity, I might be a different person in your life.
Yeah you feel safe but every single because you have three kids already so you think there's no need of you getting another money and you don't need anything again. I think they have kids and you understand I just at
times
at times gone gone
mm They might get talked with some very
very
playful
you must understand.
much
mm
Just this issue of and toast cheats. She cheated. You understand? Uh I've I've caught at times with that number being forgiven her where she keep on doing it, you understand? So I have no choice than those to leave her since it's what she wants. She just loved it and so I don't have to leave her So I'm still searching for the right one. I don't know if you might be the mrs right? Mhm. My phone?
Mm I believe we can't like him when I when I see people talking and when I like people when I appreciate them I don't even mind if they're lying. I just was them.
Mm I'll teach you how to dust. Maybe when when we when we hook up you see how my character is. How I believe. Uh you don't just trust people like that. But when you love someone you like no one. You don't find it difficult to tell them. Even though even though you told them they betray you. Come on, come on. Is there Come out? Come out Surely. Surely. Surely. Company.
Not really did that much. I just have a sexual related with other but not really dating
Mm like three years ago.
Together.
Almost the same time.
I see.
Uh huh. You're very funny. I mean uh but accepted that you trust me. You don't trust all men except your dad.
Yes give me the opportunity give me opportunity to for you to see how we can be so caring and so so loving to you. Just give me the opportunity. I don't know you we don't know each other. We just met here but I just believe you and I can work something together only if you.
What do you say?
Hello?
so
what?
I'm I'm busy I'm busy I'm not I'm not busy
so
you don't like anyone else I'm using. You
love some you love someone that we always cherish here for you and love you forever.
There's
someone that someone that will always defend you.
I want to ask for something kind kind reach for me. I want to actually for something. Will you do it for me? Can I have your digits? Yeah your cell phone number. So that would talk just call it from.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Very funny. Why are you thinking about?
I understand. We're just feet from just just just just one day woke up I just believe yeah you can't work something else.
Well I passed away a lot with my ex. You understand But that doesn't mean all humans are the same. I believe that is our own listing. I believe the other women there are more to Australia boys. I was just unfortunate that she wasn't so
I'm with,
Well we hide it for him. We understand we can't just tell him now but as time goes on when it's more mature he will know that because you definitely act for the reason why we got divorced. Yeah so I'm waiting. Mhm. Yes.
so I used to have been I 70 trust the mysteries of giving your number your cell phone number. Yeah. Sasha. I shouldn't actually again eight.
Yeah. I know. I know. I just believe you and I can work something but if you don't it's fine it's fine. No problem it's fine. So
but yeah I have a purse but I took him to the better now you this thing for one or two check will be sick. I have a dog Jackie where is? And I took him to the us. I took him to us with two doors which I'm bringing back tomorrow. Yeah
you do. You have been
That's good. Sometimes I sometimes love cats but my son doesn't love cats so I don't have to abandon loves dogs. So I don't have to collect the dog
balloon. Ottoman official. Hello?
Yeah that was very bad here. Yes. Collection is my connection and um
So you're you're saying
Tyler.
Yeah. Yeah. I must tell you again. You look good. Yes
you look beautiful.
What do you say?
You don't feel like you guys now Welcome.
Listen listen let me tell you want with everything. No matter how you look, you understand. No matter what happened to your face or body. I'm telling you now that to me in my eyes you look you still look black. Very gorgeous. Yeah.
it's just unfortunate that you don't want us to help.
Stop stop telling you. Stop telling me about your eggs. I don't like it. Anything. If I actually for anything you were telling me about your ex. Your ex. Your ex. Why can't you give another person opportunity? Just forget about your ex and move on. I don't know maybe for me and I don't know when I don't think we'll see again. That's what I'm asking for. A digit after this
call
now. I don't think I don't think I will see you again. How we see each other. You understand. It's an opportunity that we met here. So that's why I don't want I just want us to keep this friendship. Are you getting me? I want to keep this friendship with you want to keep this friendship with you. I don't know where it will lead us. That was our action for your number so that everyone after this call At least you will take the message. We will talk one or 2. Well you don't just seem to understand everything. I'm actually telling me about your ex. Your ex. You're actually because of the actual don't ask to be friends. It's not it's not it's not okay now Think about it. I'm not happy. I'm not happy. I'm not I'm not I'm not
I'm not happy.
You don't want to give me a number which means after this video corner we won't talk to you and we won't talk to each other again. It's not fair. You shouldn't be like that. You're a single mom. I'm a single dad. Um You're supposed to understand what I'm talking about. Yeah.
we? Re
You don't
believe in making find
sites.
Mm That's so that's so funny of you.
Yeah I've not I've never met someone like you. I don't I never want to make fence.
No. Mm But I don't want to make new ones.
So you want a friendship to just end here. Right? What?
Yes that's my feelings a lot.
I didn't mean
if it doesn't hurt my feelings. Aren't telling me
how.
Oh yeah yeah I also came to do that but along the line I saw you and I appreciated you. But since that is the case no problem. Mhm. It's fine
Help program
for
it's fine it's fine.
So
is that
Oh you do I will hopefully find some rights
so you don't want to beat him at his? Right.
Uh No Ebola thank you very much I appreciate.
Yes not much not much. I just have to watch some movies then go to some books then maybe I will does I died for that for two for tonight. And you
Prince you do paint.
Okay. I can't see people like you normally points the way you talk shows that you do paint.
Mm See your lips. I see you've spent 30 already.
How do you know I am addiction.
I do I do. And I play I play football, I play basketball and I do go for lunch at the same time. At the same time. I love sports.
Whatever do you go for Hunt
high school?
So Yeah. Mhm.
Even me speechless. Mhm.
Your
boots?
Yeah. Your beauty. Your beauty. Your beauty. Make me speechless.
You know there's never
a pick up on and
it's anything
I'm telling anything I'm telling you the fact.
Mhm. No, no no no no no no. I don't think I can't remember the last time I said this to someone and I wanted you to give me your keys so that would try to know each other better so that you know you're the only one I said this to but it's unfortunately it's not working unfortunately you don't want to understand
even though even though even though you're not dating, I'm not saying I'm not even talking of dating that's to nature that uh to nature that I'm not even talking about betting or something when shit is good to nature that where you shouldn't just and everything in. It's not it's no idea but you don't seem to understand. Uh huh. I love your smile, I love your smile,
I love that smile set again. I love your smile,
I love everything about you are so so amazing. You're awesome. Mhm.
Yeah but to our conversation just love everything about it. To the conversation. That's why I'm I'm a question for your permission so that we know each other better so that you know how sweets I am.
You don't think I'm suits.
you are right. You are very very right. That's why I'm so I don't know. Are you on are you what's your name? What's your name
with social network are you doing with social network are you into?
Holy facebook. You don't want to give me digits. You don't want to add me on facebook. No problem. It's fine. I love these are five is
so
so
you mean you mean you are happy that after this conversation you'll not see again. Do not talk again. I agree with that.
Hi Pamela let's leave. That seems like you don't want to you don't you don't you don't want to talk about that at all. So let's leave that. Um I'm speechless. I don't know what you're saying.
Wait
it's left for you. Anything you want to do. I just love it. I love talking with you.
No problem. Popular. If we are done, if you're okay with your conversation we can end it. But if you want us to say something still no, probably don't bring something up here. Buy everything. We are fine. You don't know any chats.
Thank you very much. I appreciate you appreciate your congestion.
Good night. Bye.