Okay. Right yeah. Right yeah mm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah mm.
Hi. Uh
huh I'm good, how are you?
pretty good. I've been cleaning all day.
so
I guess we're supposed to talk about whatever mm
Well thanks, I appreciate that
thank
you.
I'm divorced,
it's a very complicated story. Um I was married for eight or 9 years. Um we had three kids together and things just did not things went south so um so we share custody with the kids now. I have three kids um there with him tonight mm.
Yeah. Mhm. What about you?
I live in Louisiana in the United States. Where are you
mm in new york? Oh cool
I am a home health nurse for first time pregnant moms. So
I
I really like it, I I teach them about pregnancy and labor and delivery and parenting and things like that. What
about?
Mhm I'm not technically a counselor but sort of like that they talk to us about anything and everything going on in their lives. So sometimes I feel like a counselor I'm not, but it feels like sometimes.
they
thank you.
Uh huh. You're so sweet. You make me
blush.
you don't think you're sweet. Why not?
Well
you you have nice things to say, so I think that makes you sweet.
In person, I'm in Louisiana and you're in new york.
We
have
known
each other in two minutes.
I can see potential, but we've known each other two minutes. So
what do
you do? What's your job?
Like what area of medicine? Uh huh, mm hmm.
What area of medicine? Like what you said? Like a residential doctor?
Is that what you said
residents? Can you hear me?
Yeah, like what kind of doctor like what I guess specialty? Right,
Oh no specialty?
Mhm.
I work in health care too. And so I just wondered what area of health care you working if you did like, I don't know, surgery or general
then I would picture like on Grey's Anatomy. Yeah.
Mhm. Um where I lived, a lot of people don't take it seriously. A lot of people around here think it's not real or it's exaggerated. So it's kind of frustrating. I have not had it, my family has not but I have a lot of close friends that have, so I'm working from home right now because of it.
Um I am basically doing with my clients exactly what I'm doing with you. We do video chats, wow.
Well how how is the pandemic where you live?
I think mm I heard you say wear mask and social distance and then it kind of cut out for a minute.
It's hard. Uhm. You know when you're used to live in a social life. So I get why people don't want to, but when you prioritize, you know, public health, I thank you should prioritize public health over
social situations.
Have you been um worried that you will catch it? Like working with patients?
Can you hear me?
You can't see.
think.
Um, I asked like, have you been worried that you will catch it from patients that you work with?
Okay. So you have
not
had.
Yes. Um, just recently, my best friend got it and I had just been around her a few days before that we ate lunch together. So I think I might have been imagining symptoms just because I was kind of paranoid. But I went ahead and got tested since I was around her for a while and it was negative. Um so far so good. She is still in quarantine. Mhm I
don't know anybody that's died from it though so that's good.
Mhm Well thank you.
I
am.
Oh go ahead.
Yeah. You hope what?
Mm I am very suspicious of people's intentions these days after my ex husband who I thought I knew was a totally different person than I ever realized. So I haven't dated in two years. I don't really have any intentions of dating maybe ever.
Yeah it's made it really hard to trust people.
you're right.
Mhm Maybe it's more you know I'm not sure if I trust myself to determine someone's character because I thought I knew who he was and I was wrong so it feels safer to be single. Yeah. Mm
And my
kids,
my kids keep me really busy to like almost like there's not much time to do Date if I wanted to. My kids are 8, 5 and two. There are a lot of their handful.
How old
is
your talent?
10. Mm. Why did you get
divorced? Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. The fact that you mentioned me as a possibility of being mrs right, and I'm all the way across the country. I could be lying to you about everything right now. You have no idea.
Mm That's hard for me to do just to trust.
Yeah. How have you dated much since your divorce?
How long ago did you get divorced?
Okay. Is about
to almost two years for me
my situation was more they're like he was abusive. So um I think that's another reason why it's so hard to sometimes it feels like like that's how all men are. I know that's not how all men are, but it feels that way sometimes. Yeah.
All men except my dad. My dad is a good guy. He's in one,
I'm working on it. It's taken I mean, you know, healing and learning, but pretty much mm.
What's a deal breaker for you? Like what would cause you to absolutely not want to date somebody? Your dealbreakers?
What would like, what kind of things would make you not want to date someone? Yeah, he froze a little. Are you still there? Are you still there?
There is it froze for a minute. Like
for example,
I do not want to date anyone who is proven to be abusive, you know? That's a big one. I
I don't
know,
then
of
course,
yeah, that's important. I think it's also important that that is person is just a good person. You know cares about other people. So like I really don't want to date someone who supports president trump because I think that he's an awful person and so if someone supports him and you think they're an awful person so that's another one.
Well think about it
because I'm suspicious of people. It takes a lot for me to trust the money and let somebody in. I keep people out.
I'm surprised that because you have been cheated on it hasn't made you you know mistrustful of people.
it affect
done? Like does he know what happened? Yeah.
Yeah. My kids don't know everything that happened either. I think it's better that way. So
It's very low chance that I will give you my number and it's not because it's nothing personal. They're like I probably wouldn't give my number anybody.
well do you have any pets?
Uh huh.
Yeah, I have a golden retriever named buddy and a cat named Ginger. The cats. My daughters.
Yeah, she we got I got her that cat when she and uh when my daddy, I mean when her daddy and I split up to kind of help her cope with everything. I like the cat because I don't have to really do anything to it. It kind of just takes care of itself. I think you might have froze again. Okay, are you still there? Hello? Mhm. Are you still there?
Okay. Okay. It's working out, I don't know if it's like the internet connection or what?
let's get right now. It's better now. Yeah, so
I don't even remember what I was saying. Oh I said the cat
like um you know it takes care of itself so I don't mind it so much.
Thank you.
I don't feel like it right now but thank you
I said I don't feel like it right now but thank you.
Oh at any breakouts you know stuff like that.
Well thank you I appreciate that. Mhm. Oh.
Mhm. Yeah I mean I've kind of been told that before you know my ex would say things like that and then
you don't
think
you're not
why not?
I understand I think I just feel differently. I just don't know
I'm just not interested in even making new friends like it's nothing personal. I just
thank
you
I like how things are in my life right now and I just I'm not really looking for anything to change.
It's funny.
Well I have friends
mm not right now.
Does it hurt your feelings If I say yes Does it hurt your feelings? If I say yes.
I think
I
well you can't help your feelings. I think
I came here with different intentions just to do a quick conversation.
Well I just believe in you know being honest and I don't want to give you my phone number out of obligation or anything. I just am not interested in maintaining a friendship. I'm sorry if that's hurtful.
Like
I said it's nothing personal.
But I do
hope you find
someone. I said I do hope you find someone.
Yeah I hope you find mrs right? Yeah
I don't think I'm mrs right
you're welcome. So what are you going to do with the rest of your night?
I'm going to watch a netflix series and probably paint while I'm watching it.
I'm not an expert or anything, but I enjoy it. So yeah, I paint a little bit.
Really? How does the way I talk show that?
Uh huh. Ok. I think your hobby is maybe running. Do you go running?
Yeah. So you do go running?
I like, I don't like to play those sports, but I like to watch them. I would rather go for a walk or swim. I don't like competitive sports. I'm not competitive.
Mhm. Mostly walks I go with my kids or the dog and it's just the kids they don't like to run. So we just mostly walk.
No.
Well it's been good talking to you. Huh.
You give me too
much
credit.
See I want to believe you, but it sounds like a pickup one.
Like,
like
how many,
how do I know that though? How do I know you don't say that to everybody?
No I just like I said I don't know if I'll ever date again. I just don't I don't think
thank you.
Thank you.
You just hardly know me.
Mhm. I just don't think so.
I think that what you're saying is sweet. I think that it takes a long time to know if someone really is genuine. You just can't know from one conversation. Yeah.
My name is Ashley.
I'm on facebook but there's a lot of my personal information on there so I probably wouldn't add you on facebook. I just don't know you good enough. A really private person mm.
well
I have
I just
I wouldn't say I'm happy with it but I am okay with it my life before this conversation I liked and I am happy so I don't feel like there's anything missing in my life right now.
Well we've already been talking for our 25 minutes. If you wanna go
ahead and end our conversation.
Yeah we well I mean if you want to talk about something else we can
okay well I think I'm gonna go ahead and end it then. But I want to let you know. I really wish you the best and hope that you find what you are looking for.
Yeah of course. I hope you have a good night.