Yeah. Hello. Uh huh wow. Well
hi my name is brian.
I live in metro Detroit. I don't want to forget. Set a timer to remind. 25 minutes were gone. Uh huh. Let me say.
Uh So here's my birthday. I'm 60
Today is my birthday. I'm 60 years old.
Well I am just have a young face. I guess the kids will end up that way too because her mother also looks young for her age.
Seriously 16. I remember when Richard Nixon ran for president
2nd
2nd grade we talked about that.
What happened?
Well thanks.
Max ville to Misha. My sister is going to move remember the name of this town she said. But the nearest city is Knoxville. She's actually supposed to be there today to close on the house. They're moving up from Alabama.
Yeah it's a small town though.
No not Nashville, Nashville is big.
She said it's closer to Knoxville than Nashville though.
Well there there in uh Colusa is that Alabama? She said that it's about uh 2.5 hours from there anyway. But changing jobs, your husband's changing jobs, they've worked they worked and lived in Tennessee and they've been off and on in Alabama before too. Last time I think she was in Murfreesboro.
Yeah. Which I actually stayed in Murphy's burrow because hotel there was cheaper than up. No.
we were going to the Nissan Assembly plant. Um I want to say a Smyrna but that might be the Gm plant.
we
national some place right on the river
I have. Okay you can't say they're actually in law since I'm divorced but uh in mobile area um be aiming at that's where my uh my former brother in law, his wife and their we left. Mhm,
It's nice most of the time, you know it's got it's good and bad. Uh
I
mean,
no um I'm in Melvin doubts it's suburban area and where I live because it's close to where my kids live. Ah They're in Dearborn um and I'm in the same district is Southwest Detroit, which is high crime in the past, it's not terribly high now,
it's uh it's a district district that uh rashida Talib represents and that's probably the one you've heard of, right and I was I was told by a co worker last year that she had stopped into the Panera bread that I was working at.
linda had actually got all excited about it's kind of
No, I didn't, I must have been out on delivery because you know, if he was still there, I definitely would have, you know said hi,
well um my ex wife works for different public schools so I know they're not going back to school. Yeah. Um I think they vote on it again uh next week. But seeing as we recently had like I was in new cases in the state and they're just looking at Wayne County, which is county that Detroit's in everything but Detroit, that's when they make those decisions. And so I'm assuming it's up because part of michigan's population is the metro area. So If there's 7000 new cases kind of be a couple 1000 in Wayne County.
Yeah, that was uh, I want to say saturday Aces. Yeah, the biggest number ever,
which
is
what you probably the governors, you know, closing things done.
Yeah. It really is. Well my daughter's in uh doing virtual learning, which she hates. In fact she's decided she's gonna take next semester off because she's going to change schools next year and she doesn't need any of the classes for the new program that she had scheduled for next semester. And it's just she's been an engineering program which is really hard and
university image and they're born and she's going to go to eastern michigan university next year, which is an absolute anti, which I guess technically outside the metro area, but it's only like 20 miles away. It's not it's not too bad. Um But she's going to go to engineering technology program which is easier and it's more aligned with what she'd like to do. She'd like to just be like a caD and cam designer,
all the online drawing kind of stuff should be good at it. You know, there's a good demand for it. Um She probably would have had, what do you call that internship this past summer. But you know the pandemic,
right, Maybe she'll be able to get one this next summer, I don't know. And
the
strength and how that goes
well. They're they're doing well with the vaccine tests and there ought to be vaccines though that will really help produce it.
Um Well um they're supposed to be in the final phase of testing. So available january, february, but they can't make hundreds of millions
of doses all at once. So they're gonna it's gonna be a rollout and it's going to be people who are more susceptible people who are in essential roles. You know, doctors, nurses
and stuff like that.
Might be
a while before everyone gets a vaccine or has an option.
But
I was
I was essential worker. Um But then I read hypertension put me at higher risk. So, you know, I took a leave of absence and then they curtailed my employment in june uh But they were they were paying my dental insurance so I guess they want to quit doing that. Mhm.
So
high blood pressure.
Yes. You're a lot more likely. I want. I don't remember. It's been a long time since I look at statistics, but I must say you're like 20 times more likely than the average person to get it.
Yeah. I say I was still working in april because uh you know they said hard heart disease, lung disease uh with diabetes, diabetes. Um And people have had cancer. It wasn't until april that I I read that. Yeah. I look I remember looking it up and and the numbers are awful how many more how much more it is for you? Yeah. I would recommend you look and take all the now it's steps to protect yourself.
Yeah. Well like I said it wasn't originally on the list what which I had looked at really closely because sometimes they lump piper and they don't you know.
I don't blame you. Um You know I I called I called my boss the day I read it
and she was like yeah I'll go ahead and take you off the schedule you know?
Yeah. April seven was my last working day. I had read that on April eight. I wasn't working that day but I was scheduled for the ninth. Yeah they do they do a weird thing at Panera. The week begins on Wednesday and ends on Tuesday.
That's just weird. I have no idea what time that it ends at Panera. They might do something weird like that. It's baker's work at night. Yeah they'll have like one baker during the day to continue making um baguettes because they go through so many of those. Fresh because they don't wrap them or anything, all the rest of the bread that's baked at night, you know so that way the restaurant doesn't get super hot from all the no ovens running all day, you know?
No no I was doing delivery that was my big concern was you know a lot you see a lot of people um
if I was baker and probably a lot safer, you know that you're mostly working just one or two people with you at at night.
Yeah and you don't know how seriously people are taking it
bro, you know?
Oh yeah we have
all these new cases in michigan and there's like all this traffic out there you'd think it was any saturday of the
year.
I mean it's not so that there's rush hour traffic like you know where it gets slowed down every day, but it's c any time you go on the roads
and it's super weird to drive by places like uh ford, you know middle of the day during the week, that parking lot should have 10s of thousands of cars and it's empty.
My sister were except Forward and so that's her daughter and they've been working at home and sleep. I think they started in March. Yeah, so I guess they're pretty lucky that they have jobs that can be done from home. Ah
Well I'm I'm disabled, so I'm on Social Security. Um And really the only reason I was working part time was originally was because my son's school needed more money than he could get in financial aid. I'll take alone. I was like yeah, how about how about I start working by the time again? Because three I had a lot of trouble getting around when I first became disabled but medication so my pain isn't so bad. I mean I used to be used a cane get around and stuff, but it's not such a big issue anymore,
But I also know that I can't work full time. Um because if I have to stand for more than 10 minutes, I started getting pain on my back and stuff, which is why delivery was good for me because you're sitting on Mark. Yeah.
once in a while you get someone who ordered something really huge and you'd have to carry it really far. You know and you think quietly to yourself they should give me a really big tip.
most of the time, you know, most of the time they give you a good tip. You know if usually go on the big orders. It usually was like the company buying lunch for a group of people to force them to work through lunch. You know? And so they decently, you know because I guess they don't want a reputation with or it's the company paying for it I guess. All right. Yeah. I mean working monday through friday you deliver almost exclusively to businesses people getting their lunch. I had worked a couple of times on saturday or sunday and then you're delivering to people's houses, you know
with
yep Number one place to go was the hospital. Yeah
the nurses make decent enough money that they can order lunch. You know, it's mostly nurses you deliver to a few doctors. I didn't see my own doctor when I was like going through hi, you
know, it's like I came back through after delivering, I stopped to talk to him for a while. It was kind of weird to see you know doctor a person.
No.
Yeah. Well and it's also nice to know that he recognizes I am going to him for a long time. So I would expect he would but sometimes you don't know, you know.
Yeah, you might just be a patient you know and else where he actually want to talk.
Yeah it was and you know because of the job I have but you know that was kind of a nice thing that you saw a lot of different people.
I was doing that too when there wasn't enough. I wasn't making enough from Panera because they weren't sketching me enough hours. Yeah, but I stopped doing that in january. Um so even though they were cutting my schedule and uh well about middle of february and then March, they really started coming schedule. I thought you know that one's kind of worse that you go into a lot of different restaurants as well. Mm um
Well and you know initially at some point I want to say like the first week of april or something um we could still have people eating in the restaurant but they had to space it all apart a week before they decided. Yeah, no more people in the restaurant
those delivery and drive through. Actually initially they had you can pick that up at the curb, you know just like your normal pickup but people kept coming inside. He would lock the front door and use the side door for the patio and still people would come inside. So they stopped that. Yeah I just got an email from them saying that they're doing that again. So you can do curbside pickup at Panera again.
Well that's that's what I did. Uh saturday is when we celebrated my birthday, saturday was also my oldest son's birthday. My son's birthday was Just before that. My daughter's birthday is uh 13 days from now.
That's
what's
born
in 91. So
no
My youngest was born in 2001.
Yeah well she's she's my baby. Um You know. Yeah I remember Stephanie was really disappointed because she was supposed to be born in december. And Stephanie got a december birthday a week before christmas if you know sucked as a child and then she was like Colleen came earlier and said he was like so disappointed. You know all the kids say november birthdays like you. It's funny you know you know how you get a little extra emotional when you're pregnant, birth and all that
three Kids, 2 Boys and a Girl.
It's funny.
And
mm so you still got uh middle schooler? How's how's that going for remote learning? I mean it's a challenge kids
in college?
Well specialization is a huge part of school, you know?
I mean I
price
I actually still remember my first day of kindergarten. I was so shy, I wouldn't talk to anyone. It was like,
where's
my
family?
And it's less opportunity to ask questions. And uh you know, my kids pointed out that they would also discuss it after class with people that were having trouble or if they were to one having trouble whatever with other students. Um Sometimes with the teacher depends on how big an issue it is and that reinforces it general. Mm
Yeah,
I found, I found when I went to college I was best if I did my homework click immediately after class because then you're applying what you just learned and it helped you retain it better.
is
So I see We only have a minute in a few seconds till we hit 25 minutes so we can do. So uh you work at home what do you do?
So that's phone calls
and
computer
all day long.
So you you work for a contract agency?
Most career
I worked for contract companies that I might have been like uh slur but my employer was a company called Computer and Engineering Services and I was there ah when I was at Gm my lawyer was Mascotech. Um
It did it. Okay.
I mean
yeah the downside
though
is
our service. So many people you know are angry when they back down
and you've got to really learn to take it easy with them and not take any of it personally.
That's hard to do. I've dunk.
Yeah, I guess so. Okay,
well
but if our minimum time for talking so uh if you're ready to finish,
nice to meet you too,
you be careful.