Hello.
No. Hi, my name is Tommy john, how are you? Mhm.
It
well, Uh huh.
We're having birthday but I believe you're 16.
Right. Are you seriously 16?
wow, that's
the baby.
That is amazing. I would have never said
that you were 60 years old.
My name is Tanisha. I live here in Knoxville Tennessee.
Oh, so I'm wondering if you said it's close to the box? Real? Mhm.
I want to business home. Something close to not from that small. I wouldn't know, clinton, oak bridge, ankle miracle Nashville,
but the national is being
so it might be a little outskirts Jackson. Tennessee. Crossville. Yeah.
burgers bird. Tennessee. Okay.
Yes, you are way cheaper.
Smarter. This martyr. Tennessee. Well, we
got the family comment. Um,
I have family that's in Montgomery Alabama. That's a little bit more south. Deep in, deep in south of Alabama.
Well, you see, you're, you're in Detroit, how you like it there?
Are you in the area?
World
crimes go down at
Okay. That's good.
Oh, wow. Did you get to see her?
Were you able to meet her?
Right. Right. Well, how is the pandemic there?
I mean you said 7000.
Yeah. I don't
even
think,
yeah, I don't think we even have a total of cases here of that amount. Um, We probably have maybe 50-100 a day, which is bad for us. So, uh, all the schools are back in session, but you have the option to do virtual learning. Um, so I'm going to the parents who got my child going virtual learning. Um, so you have the option to do in school or at home every semester so you can choose each semester how you want your child to go to school. Um, There's been a new wave this done came through so that we are cases having higher so they're really watching that very closely. Um I think we had 1000 cases within a week's time and that was higher for us. Um So the governor, I think he's about to start locking down some things again like putting curfews on bars and things of that nature. And I'll tell you just it's just a it's a scary world that we're living in these days now.
associating? Is she in college? Okay.
vacuum.
And then I stopped it.
Here
I'm gonna
yeah. I think they're saying that this is gonna be our new normal. So I guess we're gonna have to figure out how to live with it.
Mhm. When you think we're gonna get that?
No
that's you.
Yeah. They're going to do I guess what my
100
mhm more like
essential workers, priority workers. It will probably
as high risk.
So
hypertension is a
Yeah. Which I have, so there's that a risk with, with Colbert.
Oh, I'm gonna look that up because I never once was hurt. I didn't know how pretension was one.
Oh yeah, most definitely, because this is the first I've heard of hypertension been, you know, in that list.
Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I would most definitely medicate when sucking off this chat with you and most definitely look that up.
I know, that's right.
So so you, so you haven't worked since then?
That's when my daughter's work those, it starts on Wednesday and ends on Tuesday and then on top of it don't end on Tuesday, like in the afternoon it is at 1:00. Yeah.
Right. So he was a brave baker
hands on. Yeah,
Yeah. And then doing delivery, you're seeing so many different people.
That's right.
That is so true. Because I see people every day just walking around like this is just a joke, no mess
with.
It's
ridiculous.
And you think you just see people going in and out just for groceries for the necessity is not just a hang out and do whatever else, but that's what they're doing.
You agree? Uh huh,
I think I'm pretty lucky. I work from home too. I do customer service and I work from home, but sometimes I go into the office and just maybe a couple of days of the week just to be around people, but mainly I'm at home working
that's good.
You know, only interaction you you're doing is getting out delivering, he's going right back to sit down so that was good, you know?
Right and probably gave me $2.
so I know
you probably went to a lot of businesses working with manure.
yeah
Israel
that's nice, that was
not succeeding.
Right, you never know.
that was the good good interaction.
Yeah I was I did a couple of deliveries to uh Uber eats before the pandemic started,
so I when the pen didn't so I had to let that go.
Thanks.
Oh well that's good.
Well we do. That's been coming my son, my oldest member, it will support team saturday, saturday
was
his
birthday.
He was born, he was born
in 99.
I got a 2001. Yeah, january.
Mhm. So you got to settle three kids?
I got two boys and a girl.
Yeah. Yeah, I got
a 21 19 and 13,
it's
very challenging. Um I really, I'm so scared to send him back because the cold wit but and all he's missed, he's missing a lot from, he needs a lot more hands on because for him to go start high school and
Yeah, and then with this virtual learning, you'll have some teachers that they get on or five or 10 minutes tell them assignment to do and just get off line that's not teaching, that's not teaching.
So there's
no hint.
this
is good.
It's
no hit. Well there's no hands on and it's just just a lot of, a lot of downtime. So I've been really thinking about sending him back because Once you start once you start 93 this one is gonna matter. Yeah.
Yeah
but
that's right. That's what I like to do instead
of waiting a couple of hours later and trying to figure it out. You got a fresh in your mind, you know you'll be able to do it right then and there. Yeah.
I'm a customer service rep. Um
Phone
calls,
yep. All day long.
Yeah there's a there's different clients. So one day I might be doing Sirius XM one day I might be doing you know that health care just different programs that I call for.
Um Well well so I work for a company that has served our clients in the building. Um So we got like 44 different clients that they represent. And
eric
yeah I'm not contracted out, we're just just regular employees. But so we're calling somebody, we're calling on the behalf
things in that sort. I
like talking to people you I mean you never know who you're talking to. These different types of folks that you talked to.
I
don't
know.
That's it. That's it.
That is true. That is true.
But I have been doing it for so long, it gets repetitive. So if you don't get it for so long you get used to it,
you know
I mean?
Yeah, we're good to go. It was nice to meeting you.
Okay, You have a good day, sir.
Uh huh. Bye bye.