SPEAKER_L: it's actually a power. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, people. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Well. Mhm. Okay. Quick. Mhm. Yeah. My family. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you so much. Why don't you do it? Mhm. Couldn't take it. Okay. Otherwise you couldn't Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. It's mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can get yeah. Mhm. Problem. Yeah. They keep. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: T re okay.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry I am. Do you hear me? Okay? My my um I can be a little hard to understand sometimes. So if you oh go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes. No, I, I hear you. I, I thought you said tv. Okay. At first. I was just, I think I missed her. Oh, I'm sorry dog.
SPEAKER_L: No problem at all.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm jennifer. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Hey jennifer, my name is Nigel.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Nigel. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Good to meet you too. So um I'm not sure if I'm supposed to if it's okay for me to ask where you're from.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I've done a couple of these. So I live in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Ah I mean Atlanta Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's awesome. You've, you've had a lot of eyes on your state this week.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, we have. Um maybe I shouldn't talk about this but I am so happy. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I am too. I am have been uh, since a couple years ago, a huge fan of Stacey Abrams. I just think she's one of the smartest people in the country and everything and I was so disappointed that she didn't win the governor election, but she's done amazing work and I know there's tons of people who have been organizing and, and doing the work and everything, but the number of people she got registered and I think she has a bright future and stuff. So um, I was just watching, she was on Stephen Colbert the other night talking about all the work that's up to be done, but uh
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: yes, it was, it was nice to see.
SPEAKER_L: she did a great job and um mhm yeah, you have to remember Georgia is a very, very red stick and the fact that he even went slightly good this time is amazing and she went against so much stuff. She did an incredible job and I'm a big fan. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's great. That's great to hear.
SPEAKER_L: Um, what is your dog's name?
SPEAKER_R: Her name is lt
SPEAKER_L: Help me.
SPEAKER_R: there's a musical called Wicked where the main character is named Elphaba, it's about um
SPEAKER_L: I'm familiar with, what's the story, but I haven't seen again. I really, and they keep talking about making a movie. I hope they do because
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, we've been talking for for years and I think now
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: because of broadway having to be closed because of the virus and everything, I think they'll make more effort to turn either record, live theater or turn things in the movie because they're, you know, a lot of people love these stories and they have more people be able to see it. Um but I used to, I used to work in musical theater and I was still working in musical theater
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: when I adopted her. So yeah, I worked in marketing for a theater company and everything. So, uh, that's why her namesake is one of the characters from Wicked. So
SPEAKER_L: Do you, um, I mean, do you miss it? Being
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: able?
SPEAKER_R: do. It was very tired, like lots of nights and weekends and not so much like work life balance. So I don't miss that part. And I am still, I'm a season ticket holder for from my own company. So I still go normally to like at least Six, maybe 10, 12 shows a year, um, in normal times and everything. So it's like, it's been nice to be able to stay around it even if I'm not working in it. Uh, only thing. So
SPEAKER_L: I am, I was a system administrator, you know, computer guy? I've been, had an elementary school. Um and I got multiple sclerosis about about 10 years ago and I had to quit
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and I really really miss it. I
SPEAKER_R: oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I mean I should be used to by now and I kind of am but he can't miss it. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: lets
SPEAKER_R: understand.
SPEAKER_L: the amount of interaction you have.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been, I think a tough year on that. Overall. I was working when the pandemic hit in marketing for Marriott hotels. Uh, so unfortunately, of course, because of all the travel restrictions and people not being, will have weddings or conventions, you know, a lot of like that group business and in ballrooms and things like that. My entire department was eliminated, we were first furloughed for
SPEAKER_L: Go.
SPEAKER_R: four months and then uh actually even closer to six because we went on furlough in april and then at the end of august they eliminated the department and everything, but I just started a new job this week, which is nice.
SPEAKER_L: congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So yeah, it was definitely a tough road and it's like, I
SPEAKER_L: I don't.
SPEAKER_R: don't even necessarily miss the hotels, but I miss the people I work with and it was, it's hard for some of us like lived like our team was the midwest. So like a lot of people I work directly live with live in Ohio and michigan and like I'll stay friends with them on like facebook and like we have those tools now but uh it's a little different cause like we never really got like an ending like when somebody leaves and you have a little, you know say goodbye and we did do something
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: virtual but it's it's very different but I'm happy to be back at work uh actually considering it's Veterans Day, so we actually we had today off, which is why I was able to do this conversation now. But uh yeah, it's definitely been like one of those years where I feel like so many people have been affected and kind of had changes that had to happen that were maybe not what they wanted and everything, but
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: whereas resilient people. So
SPEAKER_L: Do you find that I just started using prolific not not long ago. Do you find that it's not tons of money to a real money? Do you find it? Do you find the amount of money that comes in how far I am
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I started using it a couple years ago because a friend had posted it and she I think was staying
SPEAKER_L: back?
SPEAKER_R: at home at the time of her daughter and taking some classes, like had a little bit of free time. I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: mostly use it in the evenings or on the weekends occasionally and there are fewer studies. Um But every once in a while especially like well during the pandemic, obviously I've been off work and searching and stuff, but when I, you know, I leave the window open, so if I see a study coming in I'll hop over to it and stuff. So I've made a little bit more and it's not it's not a time but like I'll put it towards
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like I like to read a lot so you know an extra book or two a month or like maybe a DVD or uh an extra bag of treats for the dog or something like that. So it's something, it's definitely not something you can live off of, but it's like a nice little just extra spending money I guess is the way I kind of look at it. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I guess I've been on disability for a while and it's come in handy like you were saying it's not enough to live off of but I do have that money coming in so what it's not what else you used to but it's something sounds Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know how you know, I was lucky thankfully that I was able to get some unemployment and everything during the whole furlough and I know so many people have had difficulties with that so I think I was very appreciate it for that and trying to so you know eat out at some of my local restaurants and everything. So I know there's like so many businesses that are hurting and everything and I was lucky that I kind of saved a little bit of a rainy day fun and try to live within a budget and means and everything um and stuff like that. But yeah, so I just kind of look at this like again just a little little like we're spending money when I can, You know, grab it if I see a five or 10 minutes study during the day and I'm like on my lunch break from work or something, you know? Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Do you um mm I had the question formed in my head and as soon as I started talking it went out of my hand. That's the thing about and ask this is part of the whole day I thought from one level a couple of minutes I had that thought and uh soon let's start talking. It went away so forgive
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: up. Oh no, no worries at all, I mean that happens to me sometimes just in a regular day to day if I'm too tired or anything like that, so um yeah, you seem very uh capable and everything, even though you're 10, 10 years into your illness and everything. So my my best friend's mom actually has M. S. And I haven't, I've been a couple of years since I've seen her and she was doing generally very okay um and everything because she's retired and they moved up north and actually my best friend lives in pennsylvania now, so I don't see her very often either. Um but I know that she was quite worried um about like health care, like pre existing conditions and everything because
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I think she's on some medication that seems to have like helped her fairly well and stuff, but like that was very expensive and stuff if you want to have insurance and everything, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm are I'm on some medication that does help some I do here. There's better medication out there if you can afford that mm and then I'm working on I'm not quite there yet and there's quite a few people have please listen conditions so hopefully
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. I look,
SPEAKER_L: Okay yeah so he said you to hear you say you live in Chicago as you and you have friends who moves up north from there.
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in michigan. Yeah, so I grew up in michigan and so when I met up north, so like I'm not even, you know, Michigan has two peninsulas like that, there's an upper peninsula and I don't remember if she is in the upper Peninsula are just the northern part of the state, but that's growing up in michigan, you say like you're going up north for the weekend because lots of people have like cabins or there's like lake houses you can rent and things like that. So she and her uh my best friend,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: step dad had retired and moved up north when they did. So even if I go and go back to michigan much, my mom actually moved down to florida. Um, so if I go for the holidays or anything, I, you know, go visit in florida, but the few times I did, they weren't there anymore. So that's all disappointing. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And said um I would imagine going to florida from Chicago. I used to live in florida and I can only imagine what there's like in Chicago I would get now super cold. Pretty crap. I would imagine
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: the sense it would be,
SPEAKER_R: quality. This is the thing about Chicago versus michigan that I learned because I went to Northwestern for college. That's why I came to Illinois and then I stayed in the Chicago area after graduating. Um, in michigan you drive everywhere. I don't have a car here. So I'm walking to the bus stop or to the train stops. So even if it's like 10 or 20°,, but the wind like it's very windy, so the wind chill. And
SPEAKER_L: Government
SPEAKER_R: so you're outdoors for a lot longer than I ever was because in Michigan it's like your front door to the car, car, to the front door of the school of the store, wherever you're going. So you're not outdoors nearly as much.
SPEAKER_L: it's like that in Georgia to us, like we drive everywhere even if it Like five minutes away and we could walk now we drive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's how, I mean, even in michigan when I was old enough that I could have walked some places and stuff, a lot of places don't have like sidewalks that make it easy to like walk from your home to the pizza place or something like that. So it's like, it wasn't very safe. I've only only lived like a mile and a half from my school, but there would have, and it would have been a little dangerous for me to like walk that, especially like in the mornings if it wasn't like laid out yet or it gets dark so early these days after the time change and everything too, so it's like for safety purposes, but yeah, I won't be able to go down to florida this year, but it's, it's nice when I can try to plan my trip for december january and get out of the cult here a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: now what part of florida is she? I used to live in um southwest florida, so
SPEAKER_R: So she is more southeast like Fort Lauderdale area. My grandparents had lived in like the northern part of Miami Dade County. Um so my mom moved down, my grandfather passed away almost three years ago now, but my mom moved down there about for I think four ish years ago at this point, yeah, point 3.5, like about six months to a year before he passed away just to be closer to him and he was having some health issues and stuff so um, and she was ready to be out of the cold in michigan, so they down there and then her step mother still lives in the Miami dade area, so she has been helping uh take care of her for like the last year or so because she broke her hip um had to have a couple of surgeries and can't really she can't drive herself anymore and with the pandemic, her kids can't, she has kids out and like Seattle and California but they can't really fly in safely and stuff, so my mom's really helped her a lot like the matter so yeah, it'll be a bummer to not go visit this year, but obviously we just want to keep everyone safe and healthy so.
SPEAKER_L: My um my mom lives in ST she actually lives Very 20 minutes away but she is she's in the midst ages, she's not the other stages anymore, But she's got dementia and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's right I I like being close by and her having having me to leon but it's also very hard. She's she hasn't not recognized me yet but she has not recognized my sister who is here swamp and so I can't imagine what that would be what that will be like. Remember me mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a difficult situation, think luckily I haven't experienced that, but I've had friends who's like grandparents and and things so yeah an important part of getting older at times, but at least we can have if they're physically healthy and everything. You know, there's things that I think this year, like, especially like I've tried to learn, like, you know, losing the job and everything like that. It's like, well, at least my friends and family have been healthy and not, I've had a couple of friends who either got Covid, I thought they got Covid and couldn't get a test and stuff, but thankfully everybody recovered and everything. Um and you know, apparently I I just turned 30 this year and most of my friends are either late 20s, early 30s. So, um, you know, healthy enough to kind of withstand it and everything. So it's like trying to be thankful for little positive things and not dwell too much on some of the negative things, which is hard at times, But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Them so you do know people who believe suspect they may have had comfort.
SPEAKER_R: Well one was my coworkers boyfriend who was a nurse and he did have it and test positive. And then my college roommate and her husband were both very sick
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: in March. She was sicker than he was. But that was when we had very few tests and the number of being you know Around 30 years old, like they we're unable to get tested himself but had it
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: you know if it was not uh covid it was a very bad flu but just given the amount of it around, it seemed very much like it was. So um
SPEAKER_L: I need to I need to remember to go get a flu shot like yesterday.
SPEAKER_R: yes I did mine about two weeks ago. Uh It was a little painful but uh it was it's definitely it's like worth it.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I mean I hate needles.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I don't mind so much but it is not fun so I can
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was it was a little little sword. I was actually talking to my mom and she got her hers and she also did the pneumonia shot because she's not in her like late sixties and they recommend that and she's like, I need to go get a single shot, but those hurt and she didn't want to do it, but it's, you know, better to be safe than sorry once, you know, you have that, especially this year with just everything going on. So,
SPEAKER_L: Uh you know I'm speaking of everything going on. One thing I do miss is I used to love to go out with my friends to a restaurant and who knows I want to ask me to come back.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I actually hadn't been no one since I, I didn't eat out a ton, but I would, I would typically only go when I like went with friends and especially like in the winter here, um you know, I love going out to like patio season and I didn't do any of that this summer just
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: got carry
SPEAKER_L: looks
SPEAKER_R: outs and everything, but it was like february 1st with my last time, it was, my birthday is at the end of january. So that weekend we went out and that was the last time I ate at a restaurant and I'm like, it might be
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: over a year until like I physically sit down at a restaurant, which is so crazy and I love not only going to the live theater, but I love movie theaters and of course haven't gone back to do that and I stopped going to gym, but I bought a little exercise I'd like to have at home because I was like, I can't just sit on my butt, you know, for that long
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: either. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: As far as movies go I don't know if you're in the sci fi and everything but the dude movie that's coming out I I'm like I'm gonna I know you're supposed to go to places like that but I got a chance because it looks family.
SPEAKER_R: well I think they moved it. I think they were moving it to next october because it's with, I don't know if it was officially and I don't know if october is the official date, but it's the same thing studio as Wonder Woman and Wonder Woman. They moved to christmas so they didn't want them coming out like at the same time and competing and I have a feeling that Wonder woman is not kind of come out for christmas either unfortunately. Um, because that was my, I have a really good friend and she loves everything. Wonder Woman, I like, I like the first movie and everything but her birthday, we had already been planning a few months ahead of time. Like we're going to go out to dinner, go see Wonder Woman as your birthday. Like she probably would have seen it two or three times in theaters anyway and everything. So it's like every time they pushed it back it's been like, oh and so eventually I just finally I found a couple of their um, some merchandise they were releasing because of the movie and I'm like this is now your birthday gift and Wonder Woman can be your christmas outing instead. But we'll see if it, if it happens and everything. But I'm just hopeful that those places will survive till there is a vaccine and we're able to go back to life a little bit closer because you know, uh, the arts like already sometimes we're underfunded and things and obviously there's a lot of old face hurting and things, but movie theaters like and so much was already going to streaming and people, fewer people were going to the movies as it was and I just don't want to see it like die out completely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm with which I would imagine. Um I haven't been to that many theater productions but I want to a few and what I learned is the people what's my friends downtown but people who do go love it. So I would guess that okay it's gonna take a hit. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Well, Oh did I? Oh, there I go. Come back. I could talk to you. And I saw my, my camp, my screen went out for a second.
SPEAKER_L: Got you. All
SPEAKER_R: I think I might need to call a Comcast I had that happened yesterday and one of my work calls where I had my audio, but my video went out because my like, wifi went out for a moment. So I might have to see if my router maybe needs to be replaced, her modem, something like that.
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: We'll see. What do you think? Oh yes. Thank you for the kiss hey.
SPEAKER_L: I think it was two or three years ago I went to see Spamalot with a friend of who she goes a theater a lot and I was telling her it's all I grew up on movies and it's so weird to think I may see something else but I'll never see that again. Oh that's take the world gaze good music.
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you see
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: the show again, it's different actors or different, you know, there's always some differences because I've seen some shows several times, especially having worked,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you know, in there, that shows come back, you know, over I was working there for seven years and so certain shows were popular would come back different times, but it's always a little different experience and you can be a different, even your at a different place in your life and the show might mean something different to you because of the way the songs, of the themes of it. Um So like, seeing it when you're 15 vs when you're 25 or something like that can be very different, so
SPEAKER_L: you are a pro at this because I keep looking at you here and you keep looking at the camera.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: It's like it's hard for me to get used to so I should be doing this
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's okay. It's okay. I haven't noticed at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow. It's a little bit of a perfectionist when it comes to myself. I'm like you're supposed to be looking out there.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I understand. I still, I I like the option on zoom. You can actually turn it so you don't see yourself and everything like that was even the last two days of work I've been on, you know, zoom longer than I have been in six months and stuff like I do, I do a little friends occasionally. Like I have a group, we have a book club. So of course we've been meeting virtually and everything. But yesterday, my second day, we had three hours zoom and I was like, I don't need to stare at myself for three hours because I'm worried that I'm shiny or I smudging my makeup or my hair is getting too long and probably need a haircut and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So now that um now you said you work in theater, do you have any idea when it might come
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: back? Well
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I guess I guess she wasn't now
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I since I don't anymore, but um broadway is announced that they were closed at least until next june. So I would imagine most places around the country what kind of follow their lead? Like I still have tickets to a couple of shows that have been rescheduled from this year for like april and May of next year and I'm not so sure that they're actually going to happen if they're scheduled. But I think maybe it would depend whether we get more news kind of vaccine and if they can figure out a lot of the problem is so many those are like meant to Play the 1500-2000 people a night. And the budgets are all based on that. And it's like, can they find ways to, because it's very it's very expensive like the production budgets, the marketing budgets and everything like that, like people who produce theater don't make a ton of money off
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: of it, like the profit margins are not that high. So it's like if you're cutting capacity to half, can you actually, you can't cut your expenses that have, so like how does
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: that actually work? So until we can actually have a lot of people and unfortunate because you know, they're all older buildings and yes, you can increase the air filters and stuff like that, but it's different than I'm a big baseball fan too. And I think next summer you'll see people back in the stadiums, but it's like a baseball
SPEAKER_L: Stop
SPEAKER_R: stadiums
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: outdoors and it's more open air and they'll still probably have to reduce the capacity. Um But it's a little bit different, you know, situation there.
SPEAKER_L: Um And talking about that. I have mhm. I'm pretty left of center. Not part of that. But I have many friends who are very right. I have one friend in particular who talks about, we need to open it back up because these fences were crumbled and I'm like I just don't see that really happening until there's a vaccine because and what many people don't remember people start staying home before the government said no. I was like you can have the comment missed all the bands but until people feel like I'm not going to get
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that was even, I think like 7-10 days before we had some of our bands, like I had planned to go to the movies and then, was like. I don't want to see that that much and it's like, I don't know if it's safe or not. I had a friend who was worried about a dinner earlier in february and decided she didn't want to go out and um, you know, I stopped going to the gym before they actually closed because again, I was like, well, especially it seems like a dangerous place and everything because that's what I think. Yeah. I think even if you open stuff up, they've shown like that not everybody is going to go back out. And I think the other thing that people don't realize especially, and I don't think it gets covered well in the news just because, sorry. Um
SPEAKER_L: Noise
SPEAKER_R: uh I think it doesn't get covered well is how pull the hospitals are and how exhausted like medical people personnel are because they've been doing this for so long and that there are like, I see us that are completely full because you can't, you don't take a camera into hospital the same way like when there's a fire, you know, you're getting pictures of the burning building or when there was like, you know, 9 11, of course we spent, we looking at those images and we knew how badly new york was hurting, but you don't take a camera into the er and see all the sick people. And it's like if if our hospitals get too overwhelmed and too many people get sick at well your businesses are going to have problems because so many people are going to be out six, so then you're going to end up in the same spot, but more people sick and more people dead. So it's like, and your economy is going to hurt because of that.
SPEAKER_L: You know, is it I can't okay. You heard a lot when the when the pandemic first hit about hospitals being overwhelmed and I'm not having enough supplies but because I heard it less now I thought maybe it was a little bit better.
SPEAKER_R: I think a little bit better some places, but I've heard like even places like South Dakota and like smaller, like more rural areas that they just don't have the beds right now and they don't have the, it's not even about supplies is like, they don't have enough doctors for the number of people who are sick. Or it's like if your hospitals are full of covid patients, what happens when somebody has a heart attack or gets in a car accident? Like there's not enough man hours and enough people to take care of them. You know, when I think that it seems to be getting worse because it just seems like I haven't been following it quite as closely because obviously there's been so much other news going on, but we're setting new records every day for the number of people to test positive and hospitalizations and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it had backed down and send it back down for quite a but it does seem to be painting back jumper.
SPEAKER_R: well and I think who, unfortunately it's like here in Chicago now, they had closed their restaurants back down. Um You can only do take out and delivery because it's too cold to eat outdoors. Um and then it's too dangerous to like have that many people in a small space. But um so I think as the winter goes on and I'm worried about people are traveling for the holidays because I think a lot of people and understandably because I am too are just tired at this
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: point in your back pandemic fatigue. But just because we have, that doesn't mean we can be so much left. And I feel like university is like I have a couple of friends who are like either work at a university or a professor and everything and so obviously kids are going to be kids. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and and stuff like they had people at the Notre dame football game and they won I guess on the last play and students rushed the field but it was a huge mob of people and it's like Yes there there
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: 20 year old so they're going to do dumb things but should they have been allowed to be at the stadium to begin with? Probably not. You know? So unfortunately it's like the people in charge have to keep people out of their own ways. I think
SPEAKER_L: way
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: um the politicians are like my I know my sister and she's got a seven year old in many ways. It's amazing to me how I like he adds and the past is the exact right and I you need something to hate you kinda hard before you learned lesson. You try all kinds of stuff why you need consequences and the policies seem that way you need consequences and then you hear the last yeah. Mhm. My yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: I think we're good on time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't even been paying attention. I didn't,
SPEAKER_R: I think, yeah, we're at 32. It had to be 25 so I think we're good. But it was very nice to talk with you and everything
SPEAKER_L: meaning
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: afternoon.
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: You want to say goodbye the little by? Well, you
SPEAKER_L: bye
SPEAKER_R: think the following it was like thank you and I hope everything continues to go okay for you and you know, you and your family stay safe and that with the holidays and everything coming up, so
SPEAKER_L: you as well and
SPEAKER_R: thank you, mm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.