it's actually a power. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Well, people. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Well. Mhm. Okay. Quick. Mhm. Yeah. My family. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you so much. Why don't you do it? Mhm. Couldn't take it. Okay. Otherwise you couldn't Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. It's mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can get yeah. Mhm. Problem. Yeah. They keep. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
T re okay.
I'm sorry I am. Do you hear me? Okay? My my um I can be a little hard to understand sometimes. So if you oh go ahead.
No problem at all.
Hey jennifer, my name is Nigel.
Good to meet you too. So um I'm not sure if I'm supposed to if it's okay for me to ask where you're from.
Yeah. Ah I mean Atlanta Georgia.
Yes, we have. Um maybe I shouldn't talk about this but I am so happy. Okay.
no,
she did a great job and um mhm yeah, you have to remember Georgia is a very, very red stick and the fact that he even went slightly good this time is amazing and she went against so much stuff. She did an incredible job and I'm a big fan. Yeah.
Um, what is your dog's name?
Help me.
I'm familiar with, what's the story, but I haven't seen again. I really, and they keep talking about making a movie. I hope they do because
good.
I'm
Do you, um, I mean, do you miss it? Being
able?
I am, I was a system administrator, you know, computer guy? I've been, had an elementary school. Um and I got multiple sclerosis about about 10 years ago and I had to quit
and I really really miss it. I
Oh I mean I should be used to by now and I kind of am but he can't miss it. Yeah
lets
the amount of interaction you have.
Go.
congratulations.
I don't.
No.
correct.
Do you find that I just started using prolific not not long ago. Do you find that it's not tons of money to a real money? Do you find it? Do you find the amount of money that comes in how far I am
back?
All
No.
I mean I guess I've been on disability for a while and it's come in handy like you were saying it's not enough to live off of but I do have that money coming in so what it's not what else you used to but it's something sounds Yeah
Do you um mm I had the question formed in my head and as soon as I started talking it went out of my hand. That's the thing about and ask this is part of the whole day I thought from one level a couple of minutes I had that thought and uh soon let's start talking. It went away so forgive
money.
No.
Yeah I'm are I'm on some medication that does help some I do here. There's better medication out there if you can afford that mm and then I'm working on I'm not quite there yet and there's quite a few people have please listen conditions so hopefully
Okay yeah so he said you to hear you say you live in Chicago as you and you have friends who moves up north from there.
What?
Yeah. And said um I would imagine going to florida from Chicago. I used to live in florida and I can only imagine what there's like in Chicago I would get now super cold. Pretty crap. I would imagine
the sense it would be,
Government
it's like that in Georgia to us, like we drive everywhere even if it Like five minutes away and we could walk now we drive.
now what part of florida is she? I used to live in um southwest florida, so
My um my mom lives in ST she actually lives Very 20 minutes away but she is she's in the midst ages, she's not the other stages anymore, But she's got dementia and
it's right I I like being close by and her having having me to leon but it's also very hard. She's she hasn't not recognized me yet but she has not recognized my sister who is here swamp and so I can't imagine what that would be what that will be like. Remember me mm. Yeah.
Yeah. Them so you do know people who believe suspect they may have had comfort.
What?
Who
I need to I need to remember to go get a flu shot like yesterday.
Well
yeah I don't mind so much but it is not fun so I can
Uh you know I'm speaking of everything going on. One thing I do miss is I used to love to go out with my friends to a restaurant and who knows I want to ask me to come back.
it
looks
no.
good.
As far as movies go I don't know if you're in the sci fi and everything but the dude movie that's coming out I I'm like I'm gonna I know you're supposed to go to places like that but I got a chance because it looks family.
Yeah I'm with which I would imagine. Um I haven't been to that many theater productions but I want to a few and what I learned is the people what's my friends downtown but people who do go love it. So I would guess that okay it's gonna take a hit. Huh?
Got you. All
please.
I think it was two or three years ago I went to see Spamalot with a friend of who she goes a theater a lot and I was telling her it's all I grew up on movies and it's so weird to think I may see something else but I'll never see that again. Oh that's take the world gaze good music.
You
are
No.
you are a pro at this because I keep looking at you here and you keep looking at the camera.
It's like it's hard for me to get used to so I should be doing this
wow. It's a little bit of a perfectionist when it comes to myself. I'm like you're supposed to be looking out there.
Mhm. So now that um now you said you work in theater, do you have any idea when it might come
back? Well
I guess I guess she wasn't now
the
All
Stop
it.
Um And talking about that. I have mhm. I'm pretty left of center. Not part of that. But I have many friends who are very right. I have one friend in particular who talks about, we need to open it back up because these fences were crumbled and I'm like I just don't see that really happening until there's a vaccine because and what many people don't remember people start staying home before the government said no. I was like you can have the comment missed all the bands but until people feel like I'm not going to get
Noise
You know, is it I can't okay. You heard a lot when the when the pandemic first hit about hospitals being overwhelmed and I'm not having enough supplies but because I heard it less now I thought maybe it was a little bit better.
Yeah it had backed down and send it back down for quite a but it does seem to be painting back jumper.
No.
Mhm.
Well
way
um the politicians are like my I know my sister and she's got a seven year old in many ways. It's amazing to me how I like he adds and the past is the exact right and I you need something to hate you kinda hard before you learned lesson. You try all kinds of stuff why you need consequences and the policies seem that way you need consequences and then you hear the last yeah. Mhm. My yeah. Um
I haven't even been paying attention. I didn't,
meaning
this
are you?
bye
you as well and
Mhm.