SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Right. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. The problem. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Models yeah. Mhm. You're scaring me It's just no problem. Okay. No. Yeah. Mhm. Get people. Mhm. You're sure? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Yeah the people yeah I don't want to get, yeah I do. Mhm. It's not working. Okay. Okay. What?
SPEAKER_R: well? Well, well, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Can you hear me? Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good. I'm surprised to actually see somebody on the other side of the screen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: guess we're just supposed to chat for 25 minutes about anything. All right, well, how's your day going so far?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: literally woke up 20 minutes ago
SPEAKER_R: is it really early where you are? Is it um
SPEAKER_L: That's like 10.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: a.m.
SPEAKER_R: just Oh okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm unemployed so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I don't have a whole lot going on you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um yeah, I'm east coast tons and so it's 1:00. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, so it's technically my lunch break, but I'm working um working from home since covid, so giving all virtual all video chats all day long.
SPEAKER_L: What do
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you do?
SPEAKER_R: this is um so I work for a counseling agency, but I am um managed and trained some therapists that work in schools. So um I'm just transitioning to a new role, but I was um working in a school and seeing kids for counseling. Um And so but in March we to switch to completely telehealth, so using video a lot to talk to them, but now I'm training new people, so um still in video all day. But yeah, training them to kind of like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: how do you sell health and how to do stuff online and everything else? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That sounds fun.
SPEAKER_R: busy, but it's good. I enjoy it. Yeah. Um, did you do anything this weekend?
SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm. Mhm. No. Um We ran out and bought a new printer because
SPEAKER_R: that's exciting. Huh,
SPEAKER_L: my partner is supposed to start working next week Something to print. Yeah. Apparently no very very boring from my doesn't make for great conversation unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No. Ring. Um, yeah, not too much. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I went to my friend's house. She has a pool in her backyard. So that was exciting to just be able to get out and I believe the house and do some, it's kind of um have two sets of couple friends that we've been spending time on. So like the six of us just to keep it small. So we like our only spending time with each other, but luckily one of them has a pool, so that's been, so that's what I do most of my weekends, but four of us go over to their house and we just yeah do that all the time. So.
SPEAKER_L: That's really nice though. You have a nice uh micro community that you can hang out with, you're not completely accepted.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for a while we were like a few months not really socializing with anyone and it was just, you know, it's like a lot but very extroverted. So that's been hard. But now at least it's like it's nice that we're all couples, there's only three households, so it's like a little less risk, you know? But there's still six of us than um So that way we can just get on your own people.
SPEAKER_L: Is um is the fact was really bad where you are.
SPEAKER_R: It's I'm in the southeast and so it's been getting, it wasn't as bad at first, but then over like the past month or two it's gotten worse. Um So I don't think it's still like I still don't really know a ton of people who have gotten infected, just a very small handful. Um But I live in the city so it's like you know there's a lot of people around and uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't feel, I was like very paranoid at the like in april and May and just like scared to go to the grocery store and everything else. And now as long as like so many people wearing masks at this point that it's, you know, life's turned definitely not normal but like a little bit closer to normal than um than that because at least we're able to like, you know, things are definitely open here um like restaurants or they all have like protocols and everything but they've got like you can pretty much do anything you want. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They just you know, you have to wear a mask. But
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: what about where you are? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in California. Oh so we had a lot of mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Resurgence
SPEAKER_R: Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: of the virus, everything is just close back down again. I'm not completely but like um enough that people are upset about it uh masks are mandatory and people are still fighting a lot. Um So we're really trying to stay, it's far away from people as possible. Uh huh. But a lot of other people have started really going out and resuming normalcy. Oh yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's um I'm in Atlanta but our governor like yeah just he was like the first one to reopen everything even when and then of course the cases on my up um but there I don't think it's gonna shut back down again actually. The mayor, have you heard any of us in the news? But the mayor of Atlanta and the governor of Georgia one is like very liberal one conservative and they just like fight each other all the time and like publicly and so the governor said that masks aren't required anywhere in the state. And then the mayor of Atlanta tried to make a mask mandate and say that everyone in Atlanta has to wear masks in public and he came out and threatened to sue her because her order one against his and he says that its freedom and you don't have to wear, he recommends you wear a mask but you don't have to. And she was like, well in my city everyone's gonna wear a mask. And he was like, no my words over yours. And then it's like like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: really this is what we're, this is where like like there's so much other stuff their energy should be on and inside it's like yeah, so he was like threat. I don't know what ended up happening was like two or three weeks ago, but he was like threatening to sue her. Um So she still had the mandate. So she says that it still applies that everyone Atlanta has to wear a mask. And he
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: said no it doesn't you don't have to and nothing will happen to you if you don't. So most like most stores are requiring it anyway and saying you know there's a there's a mandate. Um But yeah, that's, that's Georgia for you. There's um, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's a mess and, and then there's people like not in Atlanta necessarily like in Atlanta people pretty much like do what they need to do, but definitely in other parts of the state, people are like, this is a government conspiracy to take away our freedoms and that you don't have to run to ask, but I don't know. So it's the whole thing. But luckily where I live in the city, like most people are, most of the stories require it. Best friends are open, but you have to like where you have to wear a mask until you sit down and then you can only take it off once you're sitting and then there's a lot of outdoor receiving and stuff too. Um So yeah, but it's just like, it's funny here, you know? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We've got we've got big pockets of people um that are very anti mask. Uh huh. And a couple of local businesses have made the news for not for refusing service to people who wear masks into
SPEAKER_R: Do you remember? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: into the restaurants. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: and they're at risk of like losing their life incidents and they're like, I don't care, it's a government conspiracy. I've Freedom.
SPEAKER_R: I would get the opposite or like, I would get if they were like, don't make me wear a mask, but not like I'm not gonna serve you if you are wearing one that's
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: like, well now you're everything on their rights. You're aware when I'm not on your own rights. Like I saw some videos from like one of those like funny, like facebook videos that somebody made, but it was somebody walking around one of the beaches in California with like a free mask sign. And um, they kept just like going up to people on the beach and they're like, hey, I see you don't have a mass, would you like a free one? And the people's responses for like absurd and it was like, get away from me like government, like controlling that whatever. And he's like, I'm just offering you free mask. Would you like one you know, it stopped and they're like, that doesn't work. You choke on your own carbon dioxide when you wear that
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Oh, I love
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I love that reasoning, nervous insurgents everywhere have been showing on carbon dioxide, their whole residency.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, so it was like very um It was funny. It was all um yeah, they entered, it was like 12 or 15 different people in this video and every single one had some like Atlanta shipment of why they didn't want to free mess. Um Or someone was like, thanks man. And then held it and they were like, so you know what only works if you put it on, right? And they were like, oh yeah cool cool. And then like a fucking on but like never put it on. And he's like, it's still not working. And they're like okay cool, like walks away. But for the people who wear
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and like,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: 10th
SPEAKER_R: they wear
SPEAKER_L: round
SPEAKER_R: them and they were like yeah. Yeah it's like, hey, you know, that's not how it works. Uh
SPEAKER_L: It's been a couple of people out and about with with lease masks. They're like, I'm wearing a mask. Okay, here we are.
SPEAKER_R: My health really?
SPEAKER_L: People are ridiculous. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a crazy time for for everybody. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Two, do you have any big
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: plans for the coming week? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. Um Yeah, I stay pretty busy during the work day. Um And then I also have like uh do some small like private practice work on the side, so that's, so two days a week I'm like working pretty late because then I'll do that for like 5-8 on those days after work. So I just say um Yeah but that's about it. My boyfriend works at uh at a dinner office and they were closed for a while, so he was home for a long time. But now they reopened for for different especially emergency type stuff. So he actually just last week started going back um going back in every day for a while. It was just like it was not at all, that was two days a week. And now he works for. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yes, I just so you know basically like setting the stage by all day long and you virtual stuff. But that's what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No. All right. Look for jobs. Um two days I go over
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: to a friend's house and we watch um repulse drag race. That's become like the highlight of my week, is leaving the Hauer to go sit and somebody else is out with a mascot for her for an hour and a half.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Um What what fields usually working?
SPEAKER_L: Biology and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Like razor.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. We um we no back to California after living in Sweden for four years, getting our master's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: degrees. Um and we left because oh, my partner's research contract is up and I wasn't having any job, any luck finding jobs in biology uh over there. so he came back and then uh there's a pandemic, so not a whole lot of opportunities right now unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: Blizzard. Yeah. Is it It's research that you work? Infusion are like All right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I've been applying for like scientific assistant positions, you know management positions like anything that is even close to biology, I had much luck. Oh. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um Is there any kind of like specialty? I don't know that much about biology that any kind of like specialty that typically that you studied or?
SPEAKER_L: Um I studied fish welfare
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: fish welfare so um making sure that are well taken care of when there farmed um for consumption, stuff like that. Um mm I mainly focused on ensuring that the uh stunning and slaughter methods used when farming fish were
SPEAKER_R: Do it.
SPEAKER_L: humane solar fish more experiencing fear or pain before they died. Yeah. Um Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: But unfortunately that's not a huge research field in California. So I've just been looking for anything technology like all right technical reports are all didn't get a collection or like clean equipment, you know anything that is minimum wage worse. Um And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just haven't had any luck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Imagine. Yeah. Especially now I'm sure that departments are like cutting you directed me, but It seems
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like that happening kind of across the board. I know in our state they cut like every department by like 12%. So it's been hard to.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I think most of our state departments are completely work from home and there's very little science being conducted right now. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So you counsel Children, there's that Children
SPEAKER_R: so uh
SPEAKER_L: very good.
SPEAKER_R: go ahead
SPEAKER_L: Is that
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: problem
SPEAKER_R: your question.
SPEAKER_L: with emotional difficulties or intellectual problems, anything like that? Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Um mostly emotional. Um so one of my specialties is trauma related. So it's any kind of like trauma, great loss, things like that that they're going through. Um But also do a range. I mean any other emotional concerns, whether that's like bhd or depression or anxiety um or you know, stuff like that. So I work um well I have it now, I just moved into this management role, but the past few years I worked at the school based clinicians, so the at an elementary school and so the school, I worked for a counseling center, but we partnered with the school um And so we'd be there five days a week and then the school would refer any kids to us with like emotional concerns or behavioral concerns. And then Um I would see them at a caseload of like 20-24 kids um and see him once a week
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: for counseling. And um the struggle has been that with kids that age a lot of the counseling like very activity based. So we would do like role playing and practicing different, you know, social skills and coping skills and when you get mad, how do you calm down and things like that? Um And so yeah, a lot of the kids in my case later like 5678 years old and just switch to tell it how it is and like very much a challenge. Um You've ever tried to talk to a five year old um for an hour every week on the computer it's um uh
SPEAKER_L: The blue
SPEAKER_R: they're alive and they're on their parents phone and they're literally like upside down or like throw the phone across the room and they can't fight. Like you know I had one kid who was like a five year old, he was like hold on I'll be right back, I'm pooping and he like box like takes me into the bathroom with him and I was like no like stop like please go back up. The mom walks in, why are doing like what taking your counselor with you on you know on the video chat? He's like one sec I'm gonna poop and he like puts me down in the bathroom saying and I was like not okay, you gotta
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: I like hung up and called, his mom was like, call me back. Um But yeah, there's, I mean I've definitely seen everything, which at one point it's like kind of good insight because now I see what it's like to, you know, some of them have siblings that are running around the house screaming and you know, so you can kind of like get a glimpse of what it's like to be in their house with them. Um But it's also, yeah, it's just um so I was kind of glad to move into the management because I can't get a break from, I love I love counseling kids, like I would do it the whole rest of my life and be fine, but telehealth is just like, so, and then you can't hear them and then they, you know, they accidentally turn it off and then you have to call them back and it's just it's like a hot mess. But yeah, we've come up with some creative things like um like a scavenger hunt activity where like go find something in your house that makes you mad and then they run and go find it. So like that keeps them busy and go find something in your house that helps you when you feel like, you know, get them just like moving. Um but you can only do that so many times and you're like okay next. So
SPEAKER_L: Have you having seen a big uptick in um problems with kids since covid again?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. Um Yeah, several of, especially my private practice, a lot of the girls have been just like the kids are home all day. I have a nine year old that I worked with who like his birthday party was like the first week of Covid and it got cancelled unexpectedly and then every, you know, they just all of a sudden their whole life changes and he was like so depressed that he like, you know, like having suicidal thoughts and so it's like it's definitely um and he's he's doing a lot better now, you know, it just, I think it takes time to like adjust and um to the new normal, but definitely with like parents are overwhelmed, Kids are overwhelmed. The sibling fighting is like way up because they don't have a lot to keep them busy and the parents attention to their mother to just stand there. Like frustration tolerance is shorter because you know, they're trying to work all day and the kids are like screaming at each other because they're like nothing, you know, it's so it's just a lot more stress. Um So yeah, it's definitely been a thing. Um But it does seem like it was this fall is going to be interesting so much as virtual now, but it does seem like it was it kind of peaked and like june and spend a little better over the past month or two. Ah But yeah, we'll see you at school. Goes back. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's so interesting. Like I don't have kids um Not like my friends who have kids are just crawling up the wall with their Children around um and like I couldn't imagine having to take care of one or more Children home all day for months. Um And have any semblance of sanity so.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. And some of them, I mean even some of my coworkers who like I'm training now has a new job for them. Um mm The one good thing is that like our field is growing right now because there's just so many, so much stress and everything. But yeah, even some of the new people that I'm trading, it's like they've got like a one year old, three year old and a five year old and there's not like one meeting I have with them or somebody me out I'm a cat. My mom is like, I'm no, we didn't go away. He's like, man, she's like, he was a dog this morning. You know, can you know she's like, I'm in this brand new job working and you know, I know that like everyone struggling but she's like trying to have a meeting for her brand new job and her, her five year old son was me yelling into the room and she's like, so yeah, there's just definitely. I love it changes. Yeah. I don't know. I'm I'm like worried about to just all the school I worked at the past couple of years. It was like a title one school and it was in the school districts done a pretty good job of like giving a real laptops and give it. But there's just, I mean some of the families that work but don't even have like cell phones, like they just start really high poverty. And um and so there are a couple of kids I worked with who like never made it into class last year for the entire month of april and may and anything that we did like they just you know too many bear and a lot of times the parents these are the parents with essential jobs and so they are going like you know to go work at whatever grocery store or fast food place or whatever else but um but then it ends up with like The 13 year old is babysitting the eight year old and a six year old and none of them are doing school work, you know, so when a shuttle to that's what I think that's what I'm most concerned about is just the kids like that aren't gonna that are going to get so behind that haven't really had consistent school since March. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: What a bummer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. But I'll tell you, I don't know. Uh we already met. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm
SPEAKER_R: Before.
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad to see that schools there's not as many schools opening back up for in
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: in person classes. Um Which I'm really happy about because that would be just be disaster. Um
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Right but it's definitely got to be it's got to be so hard to try and switch to completely virtual. Um
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Anything with classes and and kids get out of here awful
SPEAKER_R: Mhm, definitely. Um It looks like we're good at 25 minutes. Uh it was great
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: actually to to uh enjoy the rest. They don't, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good luck with your job
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: search
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: and everything. Yeah. Have a good
SPEAKER_L: Bye.