Hello.
Good. How are you?
Awesome. What's your name?
Show you my name is Evan.
Good to meet you. Where do you call home?
Yeah. I live all the way on the other side of the country. In
in Idaho
Do you like living in new york,
But
Yeah.
Bye.
I uh
I used to live in phoenix, so kind of the same thing where there was always stuff to do and always stores and you never had to worry about finding anything. I just want to let you know that my computer's been wigging out on me lately. I don't know why I was in one of these chats yesterday and my computer crashed. Well if my computer does crash, stick around because I'll be back and we can finish the conversation. So um just hopefully it won't cash room and be good to go. I have to look into that why it's doing that. But um for now I just want google. But to be able to get paid the just
just no I won't disappear on you on purpose so
it's okay. Um It's very rural.
Well I mean there are mountains and there are very beautiful places to see uh if you like nature, that's your thing. Um There are a lot of like like in Idaho we have no professional sports teams, we have uh like in my opinion, very little to do. So I'm actually leaving Idaho and going back to phoenix uh next july because I came here for family reasons and those family reasons are different now so I decided that I'm going to go back to phoenix town but it gets cold here. Uh The weather is nice in the summer time um doesn't get too hot and yeah it's pretty nice. I
don't
know
hiking in nature and fishing and all that fun stuff. There's a whole bunch of uh things if you're into that out here. Uh but if you're into like sports and you're into like activity in big city and they're just, there is not a while album of the out here. So uh Yeah.
I went to school, I went to Boise State University, if you've heard of Boise state.
Um I went to Boise State University uh which is out of the year in Idaho. And I graduated, I left, I came back from I I went to phoenix and then I came back here, so between the two times that I've been in Idaho, I've probably been here for a total of
five years.
Um I was born and raised overseas because my dad was in the military um so we left overseas, I was born in Holland, which is next to Germany. Um We left overseas when I was about two and then we moved to colorado and then we moved to Ohio and then we moved to Vegas and then we moved to Iowa Illinois. So I've been a lot of different places, so.
about you? You always been in new york city
but
like
a borough or something?
well.
What
what
do you
do, what do you do for your job?
pull
up.
Or
from.
What?
No.
Well that's cool because I actually have cerebral policy. I'm actually in a wheelchair myself and so I have a daily caregivers and stuff that come in and help me and all that fun stuff. So right now I am in an agency, it's called ambitions. Um They have staff that come into your house and they help you cook food and they hope you get dressed and help you go to the bathroom and all that fun stuff. So I am perfectly aware of what your job is.
I've been both. I've I've lived in an agency home before like a group home type thinking with Uh four or five other disabled individuals. And I have also lived in my own apartment and have them come in at different times of the day help me and I can tell you right now. Um I have a lot of respect for people that do your job because like you said, it is very emotionally taxing. Um I had I had a bit of a conflict with my caregiver today actually. So um I can understand that it can get frustrating because um
you're there to do a certain job and I'm, you know, for me on this side of things, I am um The one receiving the care but you know it's uh you have to work together, it's like a team effort, you know type of thing. I am.
Yeah. What the odds? You
know?
Well
um right I think if I found the right group home I would like the group home better because you have more roommates and you you you can have more friends and you know what I mean? I um I feel like sometimes it's very hard uh to find the right group home in pairs, some of them uh some of the people that live in group homes are going to have more behaviors. I I'm kind of uh a mix between the two where I'm more physically disabled but I also have behavioral issues as well. Several. Um And I feel like it's okay to talk to you about it because that's your job, that's what you do, but um so I kinda, I kinda have a mix between the two, but I also have the ability to talk which some people with severe disabilities don't have the ability talk. So, but for the most part I like I like the group home idea because you have more people that are um close to you, if that makes sense? Well, but
if you don't have the right staff or you don't have the right group home, then it can be really nice to have your own place to and have them come in. Yeah.
Hold
on, just one second. Okay.
Already. Yeah. Okay, thank you, thank you. But yeah, so uh in fact, I lived in a group home in phoenix, so I did when I was there while I lived in a group home in phoenix. So
what?
But. Oh
no
way. Well,
well,
well,
Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's nice to hear your perspective because it's nice to hear your perspective because a lot of times I
just know my perspective, you know what I mean? I just know, but for you to be like, yeah, no stuff
likes
to deal with that, like I I hear that, you know, and and uh I can respect that. It's just sometimes it's hard for me because I feel like they feel tell me if this is right or wrong. I I feel like sometimes staff can feel like they're better than me in a way because their staff and under client, and sometimes I don't like them to feel like just because their staff that there better than me or there whatever,
and I don't know if you come across that, but
I feel
like
well,
well,
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, maybe you would be too after five years of being
outside, they didn't even go inside. Uh huh.
but
like the
activity
coordinator type,
But
what?
Yeah, man, uh it's bad for your mental health, you know, it's bad for your mental hub. So
let me just say you are, I barely met you 18 minutes ago, but you seem to be really good at your job.
And keep it up because there are a bunch of people that need you and obviously they need you because they hadn't gone out for seven months.
Okay.
And that's what I am.
I'm
yeah, I'm general, so Yeah.
well.
well.
well,
bob.
That's
why he had her wheelchair I guess, is because he slips a lot. So.
Well.
What?
yeah.
Yeah. That's one of the reasons I'm going back to phoenix actually because we all cares don't do a whole lot in the snow. So what you said about getting snowy and icy and cold kind of relate to you because when it gets snowy and icy and cold I have a problem with my wheelchair. This is this is my wheelchair. I don't know how much you can see because or the computer but this is my wheelchair.
Thank you.
What what's that uh painting you have in the back
that,
What
How
Oh good. J cole okay right I don't listen to rap too much so I wouldn't know But that's pretty cool. I like that. I like the poster so
that is the doctor chooses
it.
It's one fish. Two fish.
And
yeah, I'm I'm a big dr Seuss fan, and so that's actually a puzzle that we that we glued together and
made it into a poster type thing.
But
I like to do puzzles, I like to play on the computer, I like to uh listen to music, watch movies. Uh Yeah, but I also I do a lot with because I'm in a wheelchair and I can't physically play sports. Oh, I like to play sports, video game stuff so that I can still play sports. And so I I knew that my free time and I'm also one of a card player.
Oh, that's cool. Well if you ever came outside of the white place in card games with the uh girl again.
That's so cool. Um What do you do in your free time when you're not doing this?
ball?
Oh no. Wait, did you just start or have you been doing it for a while or
don't
have anything?
What?
That's cool though that you do. Yeah, that's me. Um Well, I think we have about 30 more seconds or something. But um, just
one quick question for you. Have you done any more of these chats or is this your first one?
Well,
well, I was part of the first group. Um, so I did six with the first group and then they said you could do up to seven, so oh,
So this is my 7th 1 and uh yeah, I've enjoyed talking to people and getting to know them and find out where they're from and what they do and it's been fun. Well,
Well,
Well,
that's cool. I met one from Kentucky, one from uh, pennsylvania north Carolina, new york city.
Yeah, it's been pretty neat. So yeah,
arriving,
so. All right. Well, I think we did it. I would. It was a pleasure talking to you.
And good looking. A new job.
Stay
with me.
I know. I know. I know what you mean. Uh huh. All right. We'll talk to you later.