Oh right right. The phone? Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. All right. All right. Just over yeah. Well yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm.
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing well,
my name is Sherry. What's up? What's your name?
Evan. Alright, nice to meet you ever.
Um I'm from new york. What about you?
Off
in Idaho wow. Cool. For
um yes and no. Um I like new york because just because
there's like so many stores in new york city and like if you wanted to like if I needed something, it's like usually there are so many things to do in new york city, so that's always nice. Oh
what about
you
of?
no worries, no worries.
and the worry is how do you like Idaho?
Very rural. I've never been to Idaho or like a lot of the west coast, so what's it like over there?
you said
it would you say?
Um like the best things to do in Idaho is just like mountains, like hiking and like all like nature.
How long have you been in Idaho? Just like a few months? For family reasons?
Never
on
five years. Oh well that's a long time. Are you originally formed, like from phoenix, were born and raised in phoenix?
Oh wow. I think that's a lot of different stuff. Okay.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, born and raised, I've pretty much been here all my life, so I haven't got anywhere. Um Yeah,
literally born born in New york city, was raised in new york city and I um I went to like Long Island, which is still New york city, it's like still in new york, but like not in New york city, it's like it's like um
out
kind of yeah, it's just like like out east um like the east outside of new york city, and because I went out there for school for college and stayed there for about six years because
I did my undergrad there and I did my messes there too as I was there for a really long time um and ended up getting a job out there, so um just started working actually, this is probably my third, my third week at
my new job and then
I so
much.
Oh, so my job is pretty crazy, I got to tell you. Um There's like, it's pretty emotionally taxi. I deal with a lot of like people and a lot of people have like a lot of intellectual and physical disabilities and it's like it could be like very emotionally taxing sometimes because it's a it's a lot of like uh like physical and verbal
aggression
going on actually just yesterday. Um I wasn't here, but this is something my co worker just like told me that one of one of my residents had like he was really was really angry because his his mom or a brother like really pissed him off or something and he can fully destroyed one of the blinds off the windows. So now the yeah no one of them is broken and it's like completely shut it apart to so you have to get
that fixed and then just a few days ago, bit for that. Uh What about what about the resident who has a walker? And it's like uh we would share like
relatively constantly um got so lazy to the point where he just literally peed inside like a like a bottle uh like you know just like fabulous a bottle so you get a target cleaning the urgency. Yeah he just got so lazy and the bathroom is literally across from his room like right across the room like it's like it's literally like a two second walk but and he knows better than this to
uh and I just started doing it out of like just for attention purposes and stuff like that. Like you just peed into like a little bottle one of the staff check this room and then found it. And then um
there's just there's just been like a lot of like other problems and things like that. So that's kind of like uh part of my job is my job is basically helped them move like everyday living and like having to learn like independence and things like that. I was kind of like a little bit like a health care aide.
Oh my God, that's so funny. I think it's literally I I actually worked with like the agency or nonprofit organizations. So do you live like like in your inside your own home or do you live like, oh it's like with the agency homes?
Uh huh.
So fine. That is so funny.
I
know right, Kind of a small world. Um Did you like,
which one do you like more? Did you like the group home or did you like living inside your own home or?
What?
I feel
that.
Yeah, no problem.
Yeah. My microphone is a little bit
difficult because it's actually a little bit more specialized to my my home was actually considered like a forensics home just because like they, a lot of my residents have like have some sort of like in the past of like criminal behavior.
So
we have,
we have we have had like a lot of cops with a call to contact a lot of cops, like pretty frequently actually the one um last night the one who destroyed the blind, like on the on the like on the window and so forth out. He's actually like
on a first name basis with the cops and everything like that. Like he actually like like that attention with the cops. So yeah so there's a lot of that um I think for the most part of my residents are like relatively like pretty uh pretty relaxed and pretty chill. Um It's just like it's just um sometimes like they really get the best of you because they know better not to do that. Um And they're they're very they're really really smart. True. Um But sometimes like the whole like peeing the bottle and stuff like that, like they're really doing it to get your attention and then no stuff like wants to deal with that. Um We actually
had him like uh I guess like from what I heard from one of my coworkers and sometimes when he uses the bathroom, like he doesn't finish like complete P so you find like a lot of his laundry, it's like completely drenched like soaked. Um So it's just like can be really frustrating for stuff because like no staff, like everyone to like deal with that either. So um
I.
Just
like
That's what.
It's
hard
to say, it's hard to say because I've been, I've been in my job for three weeks, so I'm like, it's still like relatively
like brand new to the positions I will say though. Like sometimes like staff can be like
a little bit harsh and like a little bit critical of like my residents um and they could be a little bit nicer in my opinion, although like some of them have worked there for like years and years and years and like they could be there for like 56 years and like this is like a repeated behavior that they had like years and years and years. So yeah,
maybe like they're like so tired of it. Like they're kind of like a veteran at this point. Like they're just so tired of it that like um you can understand
like why they're a little bit more harsh and why they're a little bit more critical, so.
Right. Yeah. Right. So it's really hard to say and stuff. Um Yeah, so I'm not, I'm not exactly too sure. I do know that like since coronavirus since have like happened, my residents like having gone out at all like before I was hired that they were in their house for like seven months. Like they like literally like didn't go outside, like barely went outside. And I was like, oh
it was clear. So so my job is like uh like I'm, there's this program called um program without Walls or P. W. W. And that's basically like my job is to come up with like a calendar um like on a day to day, like what they're doing and stuff. So today, um we have uh, we did a
walk around and around the park and there on the lake area and then I took one of my residents ill and stuff like that, so that's pretty much like my job is literally to take them out um
to
go outside.
like activities and like help them like be connected with the community and stuff like that. I've been having a lot of problems with that because there's just so much like not even just like staff issues but I feel like just overall just like management
issues better than dealing with. So um uh that's kind of like my job
is having them get out of community and whatnot and apparently before I was hired um they haven't gone out at all like seven months, I was like seven months and they're like yeah they were indoors like every single day, there was like nothing to do, it, just kind of sit around and watch tv all day and I was like oh my god, I feel like anybody would go crazy um Just doing the
so.
Oh thank you. I try I try.
Yeah, it's hard because especially with the way my my agency works and not only the worst for you, the group home that you lived in the floor. Um like I have like some of my residents like their 1-1, so they always need to have like that 1-1 staff also. Yeah
and then some of the other ones are like general supervision, so one person could be in charge of like three people because like they're like general division. Uh
Well that's where
you are.
we have we've had a lot of staffing issues where we're going out and it's like so frustrating because like I so I handle I'm supposed to like Um handle like four guys And some of them are like 1-1 so you have to bring that usher staff with them. And then a lot of stuff like sometimes like there isn't enough staff because they have to stay back because like they're the only ones like certified to give medication to the other residents like in the house and stuff like that. Yeah. So today, like even though like I have four guys, I only took one, I only took one of them out, which I felt really bad about and he's been really
isn't wanting to go outside for a long time and I'm not sure on what to do because he's in a
wheelchair and then december is coming up, it's going to be snowing soon, it's gonna be super icy and let me call outside who's, I'm not sure if I should continue like taking him outside
and the dangers that he might slip and fall because he's actually slip and fall a couple, like I've been here for three weeks is already slipped like three times. Like sometimes I'm here, so
I'm a
little worried.
he does. He slipped on the wheelchair himself. Yeah, so it's
kind of hard. I I kind of understand in some ways why the staff is angry. So today actually, when I was like, well I'll see him like around the park just to walk around. He knows better not to do this. But he was sometimes will drag his foot like under the wheelchair and that causes the wheelchair to like tip over. And like, he actually felt because like he did that and I was like, oh my God, it's like, why would you do that serious? And I was like, you know, like there's literally little foot stools, like on the wheelchair that he could put his speed on.
But he just decides the jack of Sweet and that he knows better not to do that too. But he just keeps on doing it. I'm like he was going to interest over some boy. Yeah.
So
Well, I like it. I like her room by the way.
It's very colorful.
All
of this one right here. So there's there's there's actually more of uh me and my boyfriend public again, another poster and stuff. There's another one. And yeah,
and then just like another like blank space right here for like another poster. So this so so these two right here are actually by the same artist. So there by J. Cole. He's like a he's a rapper and me and my boyfriend
are like big fans of fans. So these are these are his like two albums that you came up with.
Yeah. What about your post or what is that in the background? The Doctor was dr Seuss. It looks like Doctor Shoes.
I'll
dies
one
best do this.
Oh my God, it's so cool.
Is that what
is that what you like to do in your free time?
Oh, I love to play cards. I play cards, I play car gets my residents like all the time, like all the time. Yeah.
Yeah, me too. Let's say I literally I've played like Romney, you know um what's it called? Blackjack on like on a consistent basis with my my staff and my residents to Yeah.
Uh That's so funny. Oh my God. I'm trying to think like what I do in my free time, I'm actually learning like trying to learn how to sing and stuff. So uh music is
something I'm like really like having really into this is something I wanted to do for a really really long time or just like never like bit the bullet to do it just because like lessons or to really like so expensive. But then I was like, I was like if I'm not I'm not going to do today, I'm never going to do it. So I'm taking classes like learning how to sing it, it's completely online too. So my classes, my classes actually tomorrow. So
Uh I've been doing it for probably about six months. Don't actually the same though because like I am terrible. Like I can
I can.
Yeah, I know it's so funny because my co worker who works on the agency to, she's actually like audition for like the voice american like Idol and stuff.
Yeah. She's crazy good. I'm like I'm like so jealous. So like it's like it's like pushed me because she sounds so good so it's like pushed me. Um I'm like I've like gone pretty lazy without the practicing and stuff and I don't have lessons that often, it's like twice a month that I'll have it. So um so but my teacher is really nice and she has like the most beautiful voice too and I'm like oh my god like I need to let me to like get better practicing because I'm kind of lazy on that kind of stuff.
Yeah
This is this is my my
3rd 1. Yeah. What about you?
Why do you know that?
is really fun of like I got to me like a bunch of like random strangers
like all over like the U. S. And stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I met 12 days ago
was from uh from Arizona. Actually a little in Arizona. She's from Arizona but she lives in New Mexico now. Um I never met one from Chicago to So that's pretty much your, yeah my 3rd 1. So.
Yes. New york city. Huh?
and I'm pretty
good.
You guys pleasure talking to you as well.
Oh thank you. Thank you. You too as well. Or not
a new job.
You know what I mean?
All right. Bye.