SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. I Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are we live? Mhm. So hey we're supposed to talk for like 15 minutes or 25 minutes to like that and get and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: yes we get free we get free money.
SPEAKER_R: Sweet. So just real quick. I guess my name is Ryan, You are
SPEAKER_L: Brandon.
SPEAKER_R: Brandon. I know this is like really awkward. I feel like this is like some kind of zoom meeting or something like that. I don't know. So at any rate um So you are the central time. So are you midwest?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in texas.
SPEAKER_R: You're in texas, wow. Straight below from where I am, I'm currently in Wisconsin. So
SPEAKER_L: There's cheese.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, pretty well. You know that's kind of I guess, you know, and then on the flip side, you know, everything is bigger and better in texas, right? So are you uh north south central? Where you in texas?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in central texas. I'm in right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now. I'm in college station so that's the same and that's where it's at.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Fair enough, fair enough.
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually trapped here.
SPEAKER_R: You're trapped. Really?
SPEAKER_L: My home county um Montgomery county Maryland Has over I think 8000 cases now. Let me check the
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm down here until that gets better and I'm working at a T. V. It was out that 9000
SPEAKER_R: 9000
SPEAKER_L: now good in a small county
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: right by the sea.
SPEAKER_R: So I mean maybe I missed this. So you're on texas A. And M. Campus.
SPEAKER_L: No I'm I'm off the campus. They kicked the they didn't kick us out but I don't want to get my summer apartment through them. So a year prior.
SPEAKER_R: teddy. Sorry. Um So you are first year, second year,
SPEAKER_L: Let
SPEAKER_R: 12
SPEAKER_L: me seeing
SPEAKER_R: year
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: years.
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to be no so
SPEAKER_R: what he's doing
SPEAKER_L: political science, it's a waste of money.
SPEAKER_R: for what it's worth I've heard a lot of people say that um I am far removed from college but I can tell you that's from what I hear a lot of people saying so I guess sort of long is um so policy major you get your degree eventually, what do you want to do with it or
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: in the ROTC at A and M. So that's one of the big reasons I'm doing that degree. This is a great booster that I agreed to have, the more likely to get the job you want. So I
SPEAKER_R: smooth.
SPEAKER_L: wanna blow up people and tanks and stuff. So I've been really try.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty sweet
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and uh
SPEAKER_L: is one of the more competitive jobs. So
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: know good for you I mean and I hope that you won't be coming out with too many loans
SPEAKER_L: now. No
SPEAKER_R: dream.
SPEAKER_L: but I got a I got a plan open here how to take care of everything anyway. So it's okay. My fiance and I were trying to we're gonna try to like save like the first
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like decade or so or more like more than half of our income kind of pay off debt and invest and that's that's the plan we're gonna try to do with all this so.
SPEAKER_R: There's a book out there I'm not sure
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: if you've read it or not. Um It's called, it's by a guy named Chris Hogan. It's called everyday millionaires.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: of it but
SPEAKER_R: uh he's in the same principle along this. There's another guy, his name is Dave Ramsey.
SPEAKER_L: I watched these videos. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it's kind of the same premise, you know pretty much you know work through the baby steps and stuff like that. Um I can tell you from a man who is 40 years old um that um do what you can to invest and take care of your your debt now. Um I was very I've been very blessed, my wife and I have been married 11 years now. Um I went through five years of schooling um and here in Milwaukee area and then did two years of grad school and about grant. Gosh I've been out of college for almost 20 years now, which makes me just feel old. But So I think I came out with about 25,000 in student loan debt. We're on the flip side of my life. Um Very smart, she ended up getting an emeritus scholarship for her undergrad for nursing and she came out with zero debt and landed an awesome, awesome job right away while we were able to actually pay down all of my debt right before our first son was born 10 years ago and we have been sitting uh minus the mortgage on our house. We've been saying that phrase, so we're hoping to pay off our mortgage within the next, let's see, we've had the mortgage for seven years, so hopefully within the next six years. So out of a 30 year thing, I take this for what it's worth. That's also, you know Me saying this as a 40 year old man, you know, when you're, you know, in your twenties and you want to spend money that's okay, but not here. I'm not trying to give you advice, but it's good to hear someone of your of your age, you know, saying like hey we want to save all of our money and take half of it and put it into savings as well as investments good for you.
SPEAKER_L: Now most people don't understand compound interest in things
SPEAKER_R: Citigroup,
SPEAKER_L: like that. I don't even understand it with myself. All I know is I take money, I put it somewhere, it gets really big. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Like I saw something like just all the investments that I had, like it's one of those things where yeah, you start off with $30,000 in investments in over like 20 years, the interest compounds so much that it's like you got 250 K and you haven't done anything with it. It's just that they're gaining interest
SPEAKER_L: The only thing I disagree about Dave Ramsey on his credit cards. I don't agree with them
SPEAKER_R: Children.
SPEAKER_L: about credit cards.
SPEAKER_R: I agree, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: It's only benefits you get like in terms of like as long as you pay it off every month, see if you're one of the people that know what to do, you can benefit for them. Like I got a bunch of free stuff, I got that I paid for my fiancee's ring partly through it because my brother, he was having a bachelor party at Disney World. So basically I got a because I'm military, I was able to get the good discounts, so I paid for everything on my card, the the hotel that Disney tickets, some other stuff and were able to do was you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know, I got like a car is like spend five grand in three months, get like 1000 back. I'm like, I can't do that realistically on my own. But these people are paying me so I'll use that to my advantage. I got two cards like that. So I got a lot more extra money. I was going to save it up for a vacation with her, but I was like, I need a way to pay for this ring because I decided to get more active ring. I opted for that instead of a smaller one upgrading later on the line. This way, I don't think she'll ever want to upgrade again. And then on top of that, um, the store gave me a military deal. They give me a 0% again. I don't like doing this. I felt like I had to, they gave me a 0%
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: loan for three years on
SPEAKER_R: want,
SPEAKER_L: the ring, on the portion that I couldn't pay for, which was the settings that's like $1600. I mean I hate that concept of buying things you can't afford What is 0% yet. So who cares? He represents? No injuries. So
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: it could be worse.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty happy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean it's kind of those things styles can you please leave us? But thank you. So we have two boys 10 and eight and they're trying to enjoy the weather and be outside. But with this whole like distance learning and virtual learning like they want to be in the computer more than anything, play video games and all that stuff and no what are you gonna do? Go ahead. And just as long as you're not searching the web that's fine. Um But I was just like credit card stuff so we've never carried a balance on the credit card. I mean every single month we paid off but at the same time to for some people that can be a slippery slope right? I mean I mean hey like I can you know go spend you know $10,000 a month as long as I paid off I'm good. Well you know if you got nothing in your savings but you pay it off every month, you're still broke, You know? So that's that's the idea. I mean we have, you know we we use our points every single month or whatever we pay. Um We usually use those for like Panera gift cards or Starbucks cards or whatever use them for here at the end of the for example end of the school year, so we buy like the $10 gift cards or whatever for the teachers to say, you know thanks for you know teaching my kid and dealing with them for the year. Um And all I've had to do throughout the whole year is pretty much just spend money on my credit card, you know? So I mean I I get it with that. Um So I sometimes think that I have adult A. D. D. I was so I'm always kind of one of those things where I'm bouncing back and forth, so I apologize. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh you is good because we gotta talk for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I always tell people that I'm not a linear thinker, so I'm not, you know, just like point A point B. I'm more of a global thinker. So everything that I talked about eventually comes back to the main point. Um So this kind of goes with my, with my son that was just in here. So for the past two months that we've been on this stay at home order in Wisconsin. It's not as bad when it comes to covid cases. Um compared to our east where you are or now down south. Um we've had, I think maybe 1000 cases total in Wisconsin and in the county that we're at, we're just uh it's Washington County, so it's um about 30 minutes north of the city of Milwaukee. Um We've had, I think a total of 60 confirmed cases in the whole county and in our city we've had to, um, so we're a little bit different, but nonetheless, kids are ready to be done, I'm ready to be done. Um I'm a teacher, I'm a high school teacher and so for the past two months I've been doing all this virtual learning. So it's been hard for me being a teacher as well as a dad because here I'm trying to take care of my stuff here, um, with my students, but also trying to facilitate my, my kids while my wife is at work and then she comes home and just, you know, it was like, well, what do you guys do all day? Just play video games, well, kind of, um, at the same time, you know, I'm ready to be done with technology and, and maybe it's just, you know, my generation where I'm the strange generation. Um, I'm technically gen x, so we're kind of like in between everything. So I know all the time When there wasn't internet where I'm trying to think, you're probably what, 22,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Turn 22.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you, you grew up without smartphones, but at the same time you've, you've known a time or you haven't known a time where there is and it hasn't been internet or google matter, right? So like I start to feel like my dad a lot when I tell my students and even my kids and like, well when I was your age and like, but you know, I tried to explain like it wasn't, you know, the high school students, I teach mainly freshman. I like, well what do I do? I can't have my cell phone in class because in our school we have a no cell phone policy um Just for distraction purposes. And like, but anyway, with with all the like, well what am I gonna do? Like, and I said, how much money would I have to pay you if you could literally, if you left your cell phone in my room for a week and you couldn't look at, you couldn't touch it, whatever, how much money would I have to give you? And like, they're like legitimately like, You know, $1500 or like throwing out like exorbitant amount of money just because because it's That they don't know anything different. And I said, you know, smartphones have only been around for about 15 years. So it's one of those things where for me like whatever, I can turn it off. Well what do you mean you turn it off? And I'm like, I turn off my phone, well what if there's an emergency? Well, my wife has for us on and they know how to get a hold of us kind of those things, but at anyway, the technological stuff, I'm ready to actually do a, what do you want to call? Like a, like a hard shutdown of all technology for a while? Um I'm not talking like go off the grid kind of thing like that, but just be done with it because it's, I think I've counted the times now that our, our boys are connected to the screen, whether it's, you know, for school or they're going to play some video games or hey, can we watch tv for a little bit? It's like six or seven hours a day. And I can tell by the end of the day, like they're just, their brains are fried there. Um they almost get like an addiction thing, like if I say no, then they become like, you know, it's like almost like a like dr Jekyll mr Hyde kind of thing like that. Um So I don't know, curious on your thoughts since you're kind of in that technological college student kind of kind of mentality, but you also kind of have, you know military background where you're not staring at your phone the whole time unless you know, you're overseas and you have nothing else to do, then search the internet all day.
SPEAKER_L: It's a double edged sword. It gives us so many great opportunities and it makes like our lives a lot easier. But then at the same time that shackles us, especially socially, uh, just restricts us. So, and there's some good things like my, my cousin for example, she is a twitch streamer. She does that, she has fun doing that. Makes a little bit of money. Her, her boyfriend does too. And they made a lot of like real life friends through that. So, but that's kind of an exception to the norm. But most people just kind of the chapel, like I've
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: freshman year in college and still have time to play games. But since software and I've only beaten like two or three, I have no time for video games. Even more old
SPEAKER_R: And what?
SPEAKER_L: sucks because I want to play all these new games. It's, you know, it's my
SPEAKER_R: So?
SPEAKER_L: productivity and, and everything is just a guy how I, you know, I'm just like a lot more productive. I think that other people want to have a fiance. I'm,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I have like, you know, playing wedding, I got these financial ideas in my head. I'm trying to like, you know, do the army stuff and well, a lot of people shackled by just their technology and I'm still pretty shackled. But like I'm, I'm on this thing too much. Like I'm constantly like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Rob.
SPEAKER_L: looking some kind of news, like doing, doing something like, I don't know, it's just, well I gave up twitter for like I'm very, I'm a very traditional catholic and I gave twitter that and that was the right move because I would, I was, I was too obsessed with, I'm looking through because I'm, I'm getting political science major. I run a political club basically seeing what the other side's doing on my campus. I think the thing is that there's some pretty crazy people so I'd be, and they think pretty crazy things about me personally. Another, it's just,
SPEAKER_R: You won't
SPEAKER_L: it was a whole mess. I was too glued to it. So ever since that I got rid of it and I got rid of giving up for lent. I don't even after that I don't like look through it as meticulously, which has been honestly, that's a huge burden off my back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I chuckled because it's like one of those things every year for lent, if I always hear people, you know giving up stuff, I actually, I teach at a Lutheran school. Um So I'm I'm a religion religion teacher. Um so every single year when I'm talking about, you know, lent or whatever and there's some students that I have that don't really have a christian upbringing or have no idea, so I try to explain and then they say, well, why exactly do you give up for lent? Like is that where is that in the bible? Like, well it's actually not in the bible and then you got to go into the history and talking a little bit about, you know, the it actually stands a lot back to catholic tradition itself. Um but just talking a little bit about that and I just say, I think it's really funny because there's had a roommate in college that he tried to, he tried to justify his thing, was giving up giving up snacks for let's like, okay, give up snacks, whatever. But what he would do is he wouldn't have supper to justify having a snack later. So when he's going to the vending machine, having three bags of Doritos, I'm like, hey paul, I thought you weren't supposed to be snacking, give it up for like, oh well this is my supper. So it's kind of a justification of why doing, But I thought was kind of funny um with that though, like I actually gave up twitter two years ago because I found myself seeing things then I'd be replying to things and I even get this way now with, with facebook, I'm not just out of curiosity. I know my demographic is more facebook, are are you more facebook are you on facebook?
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah. Facebook and instagram. I don't have a whole lot really on anywhere but facebook instagram, twitter is honestly, I want to post the least. Mostly used to stalk.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that that's true, right? Like facebook recently has been, I don't know like, besides, you know, just like political fodder, like just calling what it is. I mean, it's, it's great. I love just reading posts that people put specifically dealing with anything, covid related, anything, um, the left or the right related, anything, you know, bashing the governor's bashing up the president, whatever it is. It's just, it's funny to hear and to see like, oh, I never really thought they had those political ideologies before. And then you kind of like really see things and then, you know, like I'll put something out there and I'm not one to, um, overly voice my opinion. I'll voice my opinion on something and I'm gonna stick to my, to my values and, and things like that. But at the same time I'll put things out, but I'm not going to start, I'm not petty. I'm not going to start a facebook debate and say you're right, I'm wrong because of this bowl a lot. But I put stuff out in the past week. Um, and there's about seven, my facebook friends that will always, if it's anything remotely politically related, they will comment and they will bash and bash and bash,
SPEAKER_L: Look at that in high school. That's like a high school thing to do.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: didn't know. And
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: these
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: before, I mean you can now you can actually say they're they're sitting at home doing nothing because it's true now everyone's sitting around doing nothing and be part of it. But I used to do all the time in high school. Just, you have to grow out of it. It's like a big waste of time and it doesn't look good on the internet. So I just grew up my facebook several times. A several 100 plus arguments on stupid posts. So yeah. Are do you are you
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you you teach at a Lutheran schools? Are you Lutheran or
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: catholic or like
SPEAKER_R: I am Lutheran, I am Lutheran. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: And you all do the
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: um you still do the length thing and whatnot. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: There is no, So we are the, I'm not sure what, what, you know about lutheranism or I shouldn't even say lutheranism, but Lutheran in general. Um,
SPEAKER_L: All right. I know good amount. I I made sure to you know, yeah keep my catholic mind secure. So I gotta have learned plenty about Luther on my own because they teach in the schools at least because I went to public school. And so I I didn't become super catholic until like a year ago. Um Then that's you know catholic my name but the way they portray Lutheran public schools is my opinion way too positive. And it's not again coming from a catholic perspective because there's a lot I learned about him on my own through other like catholic resources that I was like oh wow, this this guy is uh in my opinion kind of crazy, but that's just me.
SPEAKER_R: well, and I would say that Luther in general, I mean, I don't think there was a point that he did lose his mind. So, I mean, that's, you see that a lot later in his writings, um
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that's you
SPEAKER_L: didn't talk
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: about throwing poop at the devil and the devil throwing it back at him. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that was that was a lot of his his his ladder writings, if I remember correctly. Uh
SPEAKER_L: they changed their mind a lot and theology in towards like the end.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. He did, and there's a lot of um um I was actually at the seminary for a couple of years um getting my my grad degree and there's going through a lot of that, you see, um that you have to take with a grain of salt, I would say, like the last year or two of his life when he really did start kind of going going mad, so to speak, um what he said. Um So just to kind of put yourself in perspective, because I know sometimes we'll just say some of the lutherans have been in the news within the past couple of years, so there's 3 to 3 uh Senate's um that there's there's on the on the left side and say I'm trying to look from my screen so I'm actually going to the right. Um So from the right perspective there's the super conservative side, they're known as the, well so Wisconsin Senate. Um Then on the polar opposite there is the L. C. A. Or evangelical Lutheran church in America. Um and then in the middle there is the L. C. M. S. Lutheran church Missouri Senate. So I am actually Missouri scented, we're kind of like in between the two. So Wisconsin synod says pretty much um women can't do anything in the church including voting anything like that. They are to remain silence very much basic and to the point that they actually believe in this thing called um you cannot fellowship with other denominations, meaning if you're Wisconsin Senate person and your um at a bible study with someone who is not Wisconsin stated. Um you are there told can't pray with them. Now on the flip side. Um you have the L. C. A. Who says um not only um are we um we women can pretty much do what they want to include become pastors. Um and they also say that homosexuality is no problem. You can actually have a practicing homosexual or practicing lesbian as a pastor. Yeah. Now every other synod would say that the E. L. C. A. Is Lutheran by name only. We don't, they're kind of like the step child that you don't want to talk about kind of thing like that. Um The L. C. M. S. Where I met, we we stick to fundamentally that scripture is the final authority on all things um and that women, um according to what we see in scripture, women are um to be pastors um as well as we believe teaching confess that um when it comes to um that homosexuality is sinful. Um but there is a difference between practicing and non practicing homosexuality. Um So that's generally what we what we believe teaching confess now when it comes to Luther and what he says, obviously I'm sorry I felt like I needed to kind of throw that caveat out there because sometimes when people say you know I'm Lutheran, um a lot of people think that when they say they're Lutheran that they're the L. C. A. Which I don't want to associate with them at all being real. Um What I was gonna say I think you you may have a different mindset. Um but when it comes to the difference is how I tried to explain, I have a couple friends who went to high school with who are now catholic priests and we always kind of had this this thing like to say generally speaking, the biggest difference between Catholics and Lutheran is the idea of of sanctification and and how we are saved. Um generally speaking that uh we would say that lutherans would say that we are we we are saved by grace through faith, faith alone. And um Catholics would say that we are saved generally kind of like a works righteousness that I have to do good works in which to be saved. But there's more to that because then we have that the more um um what I'm looking for um sacraments, more sacraments that I do, I I have more grace and I'm being infused with that grace. Um I've also learned a lot about Catholicism as well through all that, but go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Look right. Yeah, I don't have the biggest problem with the solo script or stuff. So the scripture alone is that the scriptures fall from heaven down on earth. It's before that you had to rely on tradition before the bible was put together and there are several books that weren't even put there because
SPEAKER_R: Trump.
SPEAKER_L: they couldn't determine the canon of it. And it's just there it's it's divinely inspired when you know, again without error because it's divinely inspired, but it's you have to have both the scripture and the tradition together to get a true kind of like uh like, like again, jesus going back to who, I don't know the verse when he gave the keys to keep him in heaven, you know, to
SPEAKER_R: to peter correct,
SPEAKER_L: Um it's building on him, it's a single church. And the problem with Luther then the whole process of reformation, is that what before, Luther was everything incorrect now, the 1500 years later. Now, now Luther's got it right now, we're all good. See, this doesn't make, it doesn't make a lot of sense. You need that tradition and you need that and scripture together in order to like buy in my opinion, that kind of churches, that church to really like the, in my opinion, proper christian. And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: then it goes to uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: especially all the different positive denominations, it's, you can have like all them in one room and you all can agree on those things, but y'all can contradict on some things now. If you're contradicting the bible doesn't do that. So either there's like, it's either you're wrong, I'm right, I'm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: wrong. You're right. Or both wrong. We both can't be right. That's just not possible.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So that means there's got to be, there's gotta be some correct church out there, that's supreme above the others. And to me, that's the
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: future.
SPEAKER_R: interesting you say that um are you familiar familiar at all um with a place it's called r a place, it's a ministry is called Wretched Radio,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um if you get a chance to check it out, it's not catholic, it's not Lutheran, but I would say that they are um they are probably fundamentals, I think that some of the people who run and tend to be more baptist leading, like I'm not like huge on baptist theology, but at the very least they have the core of scripture there. Um and the reason why I bring that up is there's one of the main guys, his name is Todd friel. Um and with all this, their main thing is um they'll do go on campus and they'll do kind of like street evangelism and one of the main things is just going on to a lot of college campuses that tend to be quite liberal um and tend to talk with the students and try to say, you know, it's not all roads lead to heaven, that jesus makes it very clear in jOHn 14 6 saying I'm the way the truth and life. No one comes the father except through me. Um So you can't say that,
SPEAKER_L: What happened in this guy? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have you seen them?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I like it. I like to see the stuff I really like about Protestants or something. Like, I appreciate it's the ones that do go out and do street preaching because I really like that. Like, I like Pastor Lynn or David did when I recall himself to Canadian. He's pretty cool. I've seen this guy's stuff. Like, I think anything, I think the one if either pick like one thing, like I would personally want to see it kind of improved upon and like a kind of Catholics, life is more emphasis on going out and preaching like that because I think that's not,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: not fire and brimstone because fire and brimstone, like it works for some people, but most people doesn't because everyone needs a different kind of thing in order to like kind of have their eyes open. So it does work for some people, but I don't think most, but some kind of thing where you're out on the street,
SPEAKER_R: Four.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's, I think it's really powerful, it's like what the founders did and everything like that with the early questions
SPEAKER_R: There are two guys, if you like something like that and you want to learn more about that. There are two guys um you may have heard of this before. Another ministry is called Way of the Master. It was on used to be on like a PBS channel. Uh the
SPEAKER_L: who?
SPEAKER_R: guy's name is Ray comfort,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, that's a great comfort as
SPEAKER_R: wait
SPEAKER_L: many other
SPEAKER_R: comfort.
SPEAKER_L: ones.
SPEAKER_R: And then obviously with one of the Master, he also had Kirk Cameron with him. Um they're really good with evangelism and just like basically bringing the gospel to people and making them realize you know that they are sinful and it's not necessarily fire and brimstone, but another good guy. Um and he actually just died yesterday. His name is ravi Zacharias. Um ravi Zacharias is great apologised, um great for defending what you believe um and is very well known, you know, among all denominations and very well respected. He actually just died of cancer yesterday. Yeah. So if you ever get a chance to kind of go look those guys up and just kind of watch some of their stuff, you know, when it comes to techniques and it doesn't necessarily even have to be you know one denomination or another because I think when we put some denominations aside um think sometimes um do I'll say this tongue in cheek because I I know the catholic answer on this I would say are there are there some denominations who haven't? Right, well Catherine will say yes, we have it, right, because we are the one true church, like I get that I I know the official position on that um but when we look at the central focus of christ crucified, I mean um when it really comes down to that um I believe that there are going to be more than just Catholics in heaven, I believe that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: agree,
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: We believe it's strict, but it can be salvation outside the church. But I look at it like this. I I viewed as gambling you could like the clearest path and as catholic, as catholic perspective being catholic, that's the clearest path. Uh is there salvation outside of it? But it's strict and you know, at that point, you're you're not guaranteeing it for yourself. You're, you're really like putting the dice in your hands and rolling it. Um if you're not catholic, you're never really exposed to that catholic kind of idea, then it kind of comes, that's not necessarily your fault. But if you had to have a kind of general idea, you've been exposed to in some way, you're kind of rolling the dice in your own. You're playing a really dangerous game. That's my opinion on that.
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: we talked for like hours
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: about this stuff. I
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: I gotta get back going to it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I got 28 29 minutes but I started into it so I think we're at 30 I are we good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we should be. I think it's 25 minutes. Um so
SPEAKER_R: What does it say?
SPEAKER_L: please return to the web browser once you keep it open the entire time. Don't close it until you are you finish your conversation. Um Okay
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: we can move on now because it's the time started so I think okay yeah we're good to go man. Well it was really nice meeting you. I I really like talking to you like uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Stay here.
SPEAKER_L: well your
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: religion teacher.
SPEAKER_R: What happens when you talk with a religion teacher, you know talking religion? That's one of those things we do you know?
SPEAKER_L: I think you like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully that you'll be able to get back home sometime soon and uh catch up with your family. Hope all goes well and congratulations on the marriage Are the up
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: charge.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you God bless you have a great day.