Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. I Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm hmm.
yes we get free we get free money.
Brandon.
I'm in texas.
There's cheese.
I'm in central texas. I'm in right
now. I'm in college station so that's the same and that's where it's at.
I'm actually trapped here.
My home county um Montgomery county Maryland Has over I think 8000 cases now. Let me check the
so I'm down here until that gets better and I'm working at a T. V. It was out that 9000
now good in a small county
right by the sea.
No I'm I'm off the campus. They kicked the they didn't kick us out but I don't want to get my summer apartment through them. So a year prior.
Let
me seeing
you.
I'm going to be no so
political science, it's a waste of money.
I'm
in the ROTC at A and M. So that's one of the big reasons I'm doing that degree. This is a great booster that I agreed to have, the more likely to get the job you want. So I
wanna blow up people and tanks and stuff. So I've been really try.
It
is one of the more competitive jobs. So
good
now. No
but I got a I got a plan open here how to take care of everything anyway. So it's okay. My fiance and I were trying to we're gonna try to like save like the first
like decade or so or more like more than half of our income kind of pay off debt and invest and that's that's the plan we're gonna try to do with all this so.
It's
I've heard
of it but
I watched these videos. Yeah.
Now most people don't understand compound interest in things
like that. I don't even understand it with myself. All I know is I take money, I put it somewhere, it gets really big. Mhm.
The only thing I disagree about Dave Ramsey on his credit cards. I don't agree with them
about credit cards.
It's only benefits you get like in terms of like as long as you pay it off every month, see if you're one of the people that know what to do, you can benefit for them. Like I got a bunch of free stuff, I got that I paid for my fiancee's ring partly through it because my brother, he was having a bachelor party at Disney World. So basically I got a because I'm military, I was able to get the good discounts, so I paid for everything on my card, the the hotel that Disney tickets, some other stuff and were able to do was you
know, I got like a car is like spend five grand in three months, get like 1000 back. I'm like, I can't do that realistically on my own. But these people are paying me so I'll use that to my advantage. I got two cards like that. So I got a lot more extra money. I was going to save it up for a vacation with her, but I was like, I need a way to pay for this ring because I decided to get more active ring. I opted for that instead of a smaller one upgrading later on the line. This way, I don't think she'll ever want to upgrade again. And then on top of that, um, the store gave me a military deal. They give me a 0% again. I don't like doing this. I felt like I had to, they gave me a 0%
loan for three years on
the ring, on the portion that I couldn't pay for, which was the settings that's like $1600. I mean I hate that concept of buying things you can't afford What is 0% yet. So who cares? He represents? No injuries. So
it could be worse.
I'm pretty happy.
Oh you is good because we gotta talk for 25 minutes.
Yeah. Turn 22.
It's a double edged sword. It gives us so many great opportunities and it makes like our lives a lot easier. But then at the same time that shackles us, especially socially, uh, just restricts us. So, and there's some good things like my, my cousin for example, she is a twitch streamer. She does that, she has fun doing that. Makes a little bit of money. Her, her boyfriend does too. And they made a lot of like real life friends through that. So, but that's kind of an exception to the norm. But most people just kind of the chapel, like I've
freshman year in college and still have time to play games. But since software and I've only beaten like two or three, I have no time for video games. Even more old
sucks because I want to play all these new games. It's, you know, it's my
productivity and, and everything is just a guy how I, you know, I'm just like a lot more productive. I think that other people want to have a fiance. I'm,
I have like, you know, playing wedding, I got these financial ideas in my head. I'm trying to like, you know, do the army stuff and well, a lot of people shackled by just their technology and I'm still pretty shackled. But like I'm, I'm on this thing too much. Like I'm constantly like, you know,
looking some kind of news, like doing, doing something like, I don't know, it's just, well I gave up twitter for like I'm very, I'm a very traditional catholic and I gave twitter that and that was the right move because I would, I was, I was too obsessed with, I'm looking through because I'm, I'm getting political science major. I run a political club basically seeing what the other side's doing on my campus. I think the thing is that there's some pretty crazy people so I'd be, and they think pretty crazy things about me personally. Another, it's just,
it was a whole mess. I was too glued to it. So ever since that I got rid of it and I got rid of giving up for lent. I don't even after that I don't like look through it as meticulously, which has been honestly, that's a huge burden off my back. Yeah.
Uh yeah. Facebook and instagram. I don't have a whole lot really on anywhere but facebook instagram, twitter is honestly, I want to post the least. Mostly used to stalk.
Look at that in high school. That's like a high school thing to do.
Like
they're
probably
before, I mean you can now you can actually say they're they're sitting at home doing nothing because it's true now everyone's sitting around doing nothing and be part of it. But I used to do all the time in high school. Just, you have to grow out of it. It's like a big waste of time and it doesn't look good on the internet. So I just grew up my facebook several times. A several 100 plus arguments on stupid posts. So yeah. Are do you are you
you you teach at a Lutheran schools? Are you Lutheran or
are you
catholic or like
And you all do the
um you still do the length thing and whatnot. Uh huh.
All right. I know good amount. I I made sure to you know, yeah keep my catholic mind secure. So I gotta have learned plenty about Luther on my own because they teach in the schools at least because I went to public school. And so I I didn't become super catholic until like a year ago. Um Then that's you know catholic my name but the way they portray Lutheran public schools is my opinion way too positive. And it's not again coming from a catholic perspective because there's a lot I learned about him on my own through other like catholic resources that I was like oh wow, this this guy is uh in my opinion kind of crazy, but that's just me.
You
didn't talk
about throwing poop at the devil and the devil throwing it back at him. Yeah,
they changed their mind a lot and theology in towards like the end.
Look right. Yeah, I don't have the biggest problem with the solo script or stuff. So the scripture alone is that the scriptures fall from heaven down on earth. It's before that you had to rely on tradition before the bible was put together and there are several books that weren't even put there because
they couldn't determine the canon of it. And it's just there it's it's divinely inspired when you know, again without error because it's divinely inspired, but it's you have to have both the scripture and the tradition together to get a true kind of like uh like, like again, jesus going back to who, I don't know the verse when he gave the keys to keep him in heaven, you know, to
Um it's building on him, it's a single church. And the problem with Luther then the whole process of reformation, is that what before, Luther was everything incorrect now, the 1500 years later. Now, now Luther's got it right now, we're all good. See, this doesn't make, it doesn't make a lot of sense. You need that tradition and you need that and scripture together in order to like buy in my opinion, that kind of churches, that church to really like the, in my opinion, proper christian. And
then it goes to uh
especially all the different positive denominations, it's, you can have like all them in one room and you all can agree on those things, but y'all can contradict on some things now. If you're contradicting the bible doesn't do that. So either there's like, it's either you're wrong, I'm right, I'm
wrong. You're right. Or both wrong. We both can't be right. That's just not possible.
So that means there's got to be, there's gotta be some correct church out there, that's supreme above the others. And to me, that's the
future.
No.
What happened in this guy? Yeah.
Yeah. I like it. I like to see the stuff I really like about Protestants or something. Like, I appreciate it's the ones that do go out and do street preaching because I really like that. Like, I like Pastor Lynn or David did when I recall himself to Canadian. He's pretty cool. I've seen this guy's stuff. Like, I think anything, I think the one if either pick like one thing, like I would personally want to see it kind of improved upon and like a kind of Catholics, life is more emphasis on going out and preaching like that because I think that's not,
not fire and brimstone because fire and brimstone, like it works for some people, but most people doesn't because everyone needs a different kind of thing in order to like kind of have their eyes open. So it does work for some people, but I don't think most, but some kind of thing where you're out on the street,
I think that's, I think it's really powerful, it's like what the founders did and everything like that with the early questions
who?
Oh yes, that's a great comfort as
many other
ones.
I
agree,
I agree.
We believe it's strict, but it can be salvation outside the church. But I look at it like this. I I viewed as gambling you could like the clearest path and as catholic, as catholic perspective being catholic, that's the clearest path. Uh is there salvation outside of it? But it's strict and you know, at that point, you're you're not guaranteeing it for yourself. You're, you're really like putting the dice in your hands and rolling it. Um if you're not catholic, you're never really exposed to that catholic kind of idea, then it kind of comes, that's not necessarily your fault. But if you had to have a kind of general idea, you've been exposed to in some way, you're kind of rolling the dice in your own. You're playing a really dangerous game. That's my opinion on that.
we talked for like hours
about this stuff. I
I gotta get back going to it. Um
Yeah, we should be. I think it's 25 minutes. Um so
please return to the web browser once you keep it open the entire time. Don't close it until you are you finish your conversation. Um Okay
we can move on now because it's the time started so I think okay yeah we're good to go man. Well it was really nice meeting you. I I really like talking to you like uh
well your
religion teacher.
I think you like
it.
Thank you.
Thank you God bless you have a great day.