What?
Hi, can you hear me okay?
yeah, give me a second to Firefox's weird with its uh audio. There we go. Hey,
Oh, this is my video game room, so it's kind of hard to see what exactly I'm pointing to go. There you go, that's the direction I wanted to go to.
Hi, I'm Cynthia.
okay, I'm okay,
It's going
I
am
uh even Georgia, so it's a little nippy outside, but honestly not that bad.
Oh, yeah, I think uh I think temperatures right now are between like 50 to 70 so they're not terrible, but they're, they're just a, just a teensy bit cold. I lived in Wisconsin for seven years before I moved here, so I'm like, okay, this, this really isn't that bad. Put on a sweater and you'll be fine. Yeah,
Young. Yeah, once you get started, once you get used to like the regular temperatures of an area, then you're like, oh, this is cold now. Yeah.
No way.
I think it's like that in a lot of places because it gets that hot in Wisconsin too. And then like for winters it could get as cold as like negative 20 sometimes
even colder than that.
It's
ridiculous.
No,
it seems like every year that we have winter in Wisconsin, I would always just like step outside and be like, why am I still here? This is so ungodly cold. Who
needs
this
much snow?
It's nice to look at, but that's about it. I
don't want to drive in it, I don't want to stand it.
Yes, these are my bow.
I can actually get up and uh move closer if you'd like.
Ready.
some of them are Tacoma music. I have a blanket on me so it was a little hard to get untangled
from it, I put the blanket on in order to give my kitty something to sleep on, so fresh. No. Mhm.
Okay. Oh so like here's
where all of our actual games are
new york.
Um We have all of the PlayStations, all of the Xbox is pretty much every system
realistically.
Um I think the only ones we don't have our like some of the like really older ones and that's mostly because they're just kind of a pain to hunt down. Yeah, so like, I think Sega Saturn and Dreamcast is like the oldest ones we get. Yeah,
yeap,
I'm very
happy with
it.
Yes, very much so.
Oh, and here's the ones that were behind me. Good,
I'd probably have to say Zelda Mhm. Um I mean I play an awful lot of Destiny, but Delta would have to be like one of my favorite franchises. Um it's got hacked would release more games. I probably say that hack too, but they haven't released a game in quite a long time.
Oh, that's the hard questions here. Um she toss up between breath of the wild and toilet princess though. Skyward Sword also gets a, I mentioned that we should try to slide off. Okay,
tonight.
Hey,
that's a great game.
let
me guess the Water Temple. Yeah, that Water Temple could get a they're pretty confusing. I mean like I've played through that game I think a good four times now and every time I always get kind of stuck on that Water Temple at least for a little bit.
And it's
it's it's a pain. Mm
When we
go is fun.
I love you.
What
the
fuck?
And then he says that I
really like Sombra mostly
mostly because she gives hispanic and I am also hispanic. So I'm
like,
she's like part of my heritage. But also I do generally just like her character as well. I don't play Overwatch very much. I think I've only played it like a handful of times. I really like the stories that they have for it and the character designs. But uh I'm not really good at like competitive play and I generally don't like PVP. I mean even in Destiny, I don't do PVP so
I
can show
different. So that's where all our
systems
are,
yep, we have a two tv set up technically a third tv down there.
So Princess. Mhm.
I am an I. T. Tech at an elementary school.
Now
what
is
your contribution? Yeah.
Um currently we only have about maybe maybe like 1/4 or half of the students actually in the building, but all those students are required to wear masks even when they're like in the rooms, so that's so bad
hold
you want.
Um see our company does uh we we grew up with Henry County and all of the schools in the county are 1 to 1 for systems, so each student gets a device to use. So like um the kindergarten through second graders all have ipads that they use, and then the third through 12th graders all use chromebooks, so each student signed a chromebook and we we have to like pretty much just troubleshoot those whenever they have issues and
that not so much, it was really busy back in august when we started back again. But uh that's it right now.
back in august it was that was a pretty
bad.
Yeah we had teachers who didn't quite understand how to use google meet and then they would have parents who didn't understand how to use google meet and students who obviously didn't know anything about it and obviously trying to, trying to tell them like, hey don't do this one thing would not meet very well and then a lot of times we have issues and we feel like well that's google meet, having an issue, we can't really do anything about that, but they didn't want to hear that, No.
I am working back in the building um pretty much since we opened back up in august, but before that, from March until august we were remote and then back in august they decided to open back up and students came back in the building like end of september, so you know, I think it was the first of october that they kids start to come back up. Mhm
Blood fires here again.
No, you would like given that they did something like that.
What?
It
must have
just
been
back
in the
day
including
all
of them.
It's not all in
one big
hi.
mhm Yes, I have, unfortunately, I worked at Gamestop for a couple of years and I mean while it was great working with video games and you would have the occasional customer who was actually fun to talk to about video games the majority of the time it was just people who just didn't understand things, but I didnt nickel for every time somebody came in asking me if they could by Mario on playstation, I would probably at least have $10 and I'm like Mario Nintendo, why would you ever asked this question? And they'd be like, well can I just get it on xbox? No, no. Okay.
We're
like this.
I think
that's
great. I don't really want to know thanks.
I mean in any time where you have to talk to somebody over the phone that's a like a customer, some sort, there's always that one that wants to sit you and tell their like whole life story and you're
like
that's great. I don't care. Can you get to the point what you need? Unfortunately I have to talk to parents nowadays. It with my job, I never had to talk to parents but now that we have this remote stuff, I do have to talk to parents from time to time. And the amount of times that somebody would sit there and be like yeah I'm so and so's parents and you know when they got this device back in january was working grey and you know, and then we moved to another house and I'm like, I don't care about
all that information. What's
wrong with the device? So I can figure out what's wrong and help. Just get to the point. I don't need to know all this background information, but they sit there and they're like, hi, just go ahead and tell me all about your life story. All right. Our okay, Your keyboard is not working okay. Just bring the divisive
thanks.
Just like some people though.
Uh huh. I'm glad I don't work in customer service anymore. As far as like a retail is concern. But I mean, I am still dealing with parents now, so it's kind of like I'm back dealing with that again. Well, it's not as bad. At least they don't have anybody yelling in my face. So where is that?
I do. Uh My cousin and my husband are both playing destiny right now. People have Mhm. Yeah, What's happening next? No. Do you know anything about Destiny? Have you heard of
the game?
Uh It's a sci fi kind of game and then it's the first person shooter, but it's got a very, very rich storyline to it and it's a feeling that's available on all systems, Right? Yes, so, I mean we played on Playstation Four, Yeah. Even
so.
Game
plan.
No.
I'm not in the fucking
California.
Hey,
what
does it matter if you're good at her? Not as long as you enjoy it.
More
screaming.
but systems
do you have?
Mm.
Okay. And see, do we have any good puzzle changed on Playstation four? Mm hmm. Playstation four is not very big on puzzle games.
Mhm. I can't really think of any and I'm looking at what I've got and I don't really see a whole lot. The only
thing I can think of that stands out to me is just like the spiral Trilogy, although that's not really a puzzle game, but it it's still very, very enjoyable, is a platformer. Mm hmm.
All
I
think
I
think
he
was absolutely have you played the Crash
Trilogy?
Uh This one
it's really good. I had these like I had the original trilogy on Playstation one and playing through this one was just it was it was very enjoyable, I liked it a lot.
I do I never
actually
played it
that was Playstation one because I remember playing a demo for it back when they had like demo disc and uh, early on in my Playstation one ownership as a kid, I didn't have a whole lot of games, so I often would end up playing a lot of the demos on the devil this multiple times over. And so gets was definitely one of them that I played quite a few times. And then, uh, I'm Hander was the other one. Tomb Raider was on one of those. And then, uh, the other one, I played an awful lot was a Jersey Devil.
And like,
I only have one of those games.
yeah, tomba. I forgot that was on there.
I
have
the first game and I haven't picked up the second one, and now it's ridiculously expensive,
so
it's a shame, right?
The
mm, like for the older ones, Yeah. Um
all of like, the newer ones come from like either Best Buy or Gamestop depending on if I'm like ordering it right away or if I missed out on it, sometimes I do like take a look online and see what they've got this. Sometimes you can find some good deals sometimes not, but yeah.
I'm not five
pills
and to
have
it sounds kind of like a half price bookstore. Do you guys have those over there too? Mm mm. Could assure that half price put maybe half price books doesn't have any in Arizona, they've got quite a few all across the country. Um Georgia only has two. Uh Wisconsin had four, but there was quite a few states that don't have them, but like the half price book store everything that they sell in there is like the half price unless it's like a like something rarer or for video games, they don't usually sell them at half price, they're like more at market price. So sometimes you can find some good values on games, sometimes not. So I don't tend to buy games from half price that often. I do buy an awful lot of manga from there though
because I mean $5 wrong. Sure. And then sometimes they'll put them on clearance and it's like $2 for it. Like yes, I will buy this for $2. So
good
stuff.
I have an awful lot of anime figures in manga, but currently I'm trying to put up shelves on my wall. I had bookshelves for my mama but it wasn't enough space. So I'm now putting mounting shelves to my wall instead. And I just recently finished painting the boards for them. And I haven't drilled holes in the wall or anything to mount it yet. So all my mind is just in a pile and I say a pile but it's more like a miniature wall. So
I mean I could show you if you want.
Here is why not?
It's downstairs. I also have like quite a few animated figures and stuff but I need uh more like shelves to put them on the lake. Mhm mhm. The big pile and also there's this tiny one over here, that's a printer
that's
districts. Right, yes, come on. And then this room right here is where I was going to be putting all the shelves. Do you think you can actually see the boards down there?
Oh it's my camera not showing anything. Can you see me or?
Well let's just archiving is on. Yeah, that's
Can line
can you see me again
or
there we go. Okay, so
that's the rule. Alright, my shelves are going to go on the wall and you can kind of see the boards down there. Yeah and this is a gigantic while
I was talking about and then I've got like a smaller pile like right down here. Yeah.
Mm
Last I counted it was at about 2200.
Yeah, it's a lot. That's why I need to mount these boards to the wall because the bookshelves of ahead were great
but not good enough. So I mean and I really liked the bookshelves I had but uh they just it
just
it wasn't enough for like all of the books that I had. So I'm like well I guess I'm just gonna have to put boards on my wall so
why not
let me see if I can. Okay, so my camera still good here. So this one with the DVds, that's the bookshelf that I had my books on. So I mean like it's really good and it has like a lot of space
but again it's just not it's not enough for what I have. It's great for my DvDS though so I kept one, I sold the other two a while ago. So so good. I see I don't think there's anything else worth like really showing up. Although I really
like these pictures, I got these from the convention a while ago
so
Uh I do I haven't consulate in a long time though and I don't know if you really would see it earlier but I do have like a mannequin
with an
outfit
on.
yeah bunched up.
it takes practice. I mean it's not it's not my first outfit. Um I think that's probably like my third or four so honestly I don't so nearly as often as I do everything else, so Yeah, that's a bad though.
You know there was a there's a quilt that I've been planning on making, where I'm taking uh like old t shirts that don't fit me anymore, but I like the design on it
and cutting the square out of that and then making that into a cool. And I've got like a whole container full of like these pictures and it's just I
haven't
gotten
around this alignment yet. I just bought this house like two years ago. So realistically some of our stuff is still in boxes. And of course, like I'm trying to get all my manga situated now and my mom is kind of taking up an awful lot of space in my hobby room. It's like I don't really have a whole lot of space to actually do things. And then I have a pile of like anime figures that I took down from the shelves that are also in my way, just like, well, how am I supposed to do stuff if I've got like this pile right down here? All right, thanks. Yeah, that pile are down there. It's like they're right in front of my shelves, but they didn't have any rules to put them, so wow. Like eventually I'll be able to get them out of there and then I'll be able to sew things.
All
What?
No, that's okay. Uh One of the things that I might suggest, and I don't know if you can kind of see those, the black things right there with the glass, those are baseball bat cases from Michaels and they're like perfect size for an android's and pops and you can see quite a bit of them in there. And if you find them on like sale there probably about $30 a pop. It's either like a buy one, get one or 50% off because Michael's switches between those sales every week. But you know, it's still pretty good and they're really nice. I used to have my you go in there before I got the really big display case for him.
So
good
And they look really nice but they're recently cheap and you can even like maybe just to drill a hole in the side and put it in some L. E. D. S. And
then it
looks
nice that way too. I've seen a lot of people
with
displays like that.
The only other thing I can suggest if you have a Nike and next to you, if you don't have a Nike and here you. This won't really work well. But the detailed shelves, Yeah.
Here we go. Yeah, they're like 60
bucks apiece.
And I mean like they're really nice. They're made out of all glass. So I mean as long as you live in a place where you know, you're not going to have to worry about like
constant earthquakes and stuff like that, you should
be
fine
closely.
They're pretty decent. I have three cats and it's not like they like run into it. So as long as you don't have dogs that are just going to ram into,
you should
be
fine.
That's what I say about my oldest cat sometimes. Okay. Okay. She's very sweet, but she also reached the couch.
What about her? Sometimes?
Sometimes you don't want to answer that question, just like you're sitting up in the okay, I'm just gonna go
now.
I'm going to ignore whatever you're looking at because I don't see it. Yeah. Let's do that because
they scared pretty easily. And then they also or they try to act braver than they actually
are.
That's really common. 50 hours.
He said like a construction
company.
Yeah. Yeah. See like my middle cat likes chewing on plastic. Yeah. And she'll even try to chew on plastic when we're sitting right next to her. It's like, you know, we're going to smack you if you do that. So I don't I don't know why you think you're gonna get away with this? And yet when we smack her, she's like, what? I'm not doing anything. But yes, you are. I would even try to pretend
he's just she's just a little brat sometimes.
I don't
know
what to
do with
her.
that's
weird.
I got
some kind
of big
data,
As soon
as
it
was
showing
that
it
got
replaced
by this one street,
they couldn't
sell
what
the fuck
it
was.
That's
weird.
Because she had a cat growing up that like the smell of mint, different people, you know, just a different kind of I've never met a cat that likes the smell of mint
though.
Not a whole lot
of
Takes all kinds.
kids don't have school on the weekend.
definitely.
We hope
I
do not.
Hello
England,
who
are
your friends?
Yeah. Dogs, Dogs and cats are a whole lot easier to manage than kids. So, I mean, you can just throw a ball like just down the hallway and they're
like, oh boy, this is great. Like my youngest cat likes chasing after nerf darts
and so I'll sit in my hobby room and I'll just uh like load up my nerf gun and they just fire them into the other room and she she'll sit in the other room and chase them in that room, and like you'll just see her, you'll just see like the stairway and then she'll just pop up trying to grab the things as they fall. And then like after you were out of the, after you're out of darts, she'll sit there and she'll look up like, are we done? We can't be done. Right, okay. Yeah. No, she likes chasing nerve guards and like the younger the other cat likes playing
with bubbles
and then have the oldest who likes licking couches.
I
need to go
back to what we have
now.
listen
to that.
Thank
you.
You
know
because
they
don't get
it
done
this week
when
I missed
out
on
too. That's
fred said
that is cheaper.
You can find stuff for yourself and it's like here's a box for you and they're like oh it's best. I got a box. You're like yeah, enjoy your box. I'm going to enjoy the books like a minute.
And
they
were asking about,
Very
exciting.
wonderful talking to you tube.
All
You too.