Hello.
I can hear you but I can't see you.
Hello? What do you have to hand you?
Right wow. They set up. I'm lee by the way. Hi
how isn't there? Um So what's how are you?
Well yeah
is that where are you now? Is
it cold
where you are?
No it's um I'm in Tucson Arizona so it's um cold for me. But by that I mean it's like in the 70s so you know.
yeah. Yeah I grew up in Maine so I really should not be complaining about how cold it is here but you know I've been here a while. I've been here long enough that it is cold to me now.
Especially because it can get up to 120 here in the summer and that's like insanity. It's basically you walk outside and it's an oven.
It's very ridiculous.
would
that's insane. I I
never
want I never want winter again if I
can help it.
don't
miss
that.
Right. I know snow is nice for like a day and then
you have to go anywhere.
Yes exactly. So all these action figures behind you.
Oh nice. It's kind of hard to see from where I met, wow, that's
I mean if you want to show me like just one or two,
that would be really cool. I see some Pokemon I think. Mm.
I
nice.
You got
Oh my goodness wow. You have a huge collection. What
consoles are the mostly for?
you have
all of them, wow.
wow that is quite a collection.
So
I assume
you
like video games.
Do you have a favorite? Um
Nice. And like a whole display, wow, that's really cool. Mhm. Do you have a favorite uh franchise?
Yeah, do you have a favorite Zelda game?
don't play many video games um but
When I was younger I was obsessed with the ocarina of time for N64,
obsessed
obsessed. Um I never beat it because of the stupid um Water
Temple.
Yeah I was
I got so frustrated,
I played a little bit of um one of my friends had a game cube, so I played wind waker um
little
bit, yeah the whole lake um being in a boat or swimming or being on the water was really interesting. Um But other than that I haven't really played too much. My boyfriend
plays a lot of um he has a PS four, he likes to play Overwatch, he's a big Overwatch fan and so I have all of
their
catch
phrases stuck in my head all the time. Nice. Yes awesome.
Nice awesome. Do you have a favorite Overwatch character?
yeah Summer is really cool.
are
you?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I mostly
just
sit on the couch while he's
all
your consoles.
Oh my gosh
Oh my goodness
nice. What do you do you work what do you do for work?
Oh that's awesome. Are you is your is the school your system or whatever that
you're working
for?
Open
Yeah.
kind
of tricky times right now is it hard to do you have to do like I. T. Stuff for the kids
who are home teachers to help with that?
Is that very busy
Yeah. Well that's good
when you
were trying to get everyone set up and. Yeah.
Do you have to go in or do you get to work from home?
Yeah. Uh huh. I am I'm kind of doing like a rotation thing at my work so I work some days from home and some days I have to go into the office and that's fine. I mean most of the it's because I'm well I work for a company that captions phone calls for deaf and hard of hearing people and most of our workforce is working from home right now but I'm um a supervisor so I have to go in to supervise the people who are not working at home but it's only like There's like 12 people actually going into the center, so it's not really a big deal, but we work on a rotation,
it's kind of nice. Yeah.
Yeah, I've been working there for like
five years now for a while now and it's really, it's a really
neat,
I
never
even when
I applied
there,
I
never even heard about it before, like it wasn't ever something I ever heard before. Um And I just kind of went in there not knowing what to expect and then, I mean obviously I'm still
there five
years later, so
it's pretty
cool. It's before that I worked in retail
for like 100 years and I hated it and um the nice thing about this job now is that you don't actually have to deal with any customers so um you know, I don't know people yelling at me and have you ever worked a retail job?
I imagine I worked for CBS for a long time and the people who would just come in and tell you all their medical problems and it's like
I'm a cashier,
like why
are
you telling
Oh man, that was very fun.
my
gosh.
What's
wrong?
An hour
later?
No. Yeah, I know.
Right. Do you have family around?
Nothing.
No.
thanks.
I'm sure my my boyfriend has probably heard of it, but I don't no many video games, the only video game that I actually play is five nights
at Freddy's.
I'm like I love five nights at Freddy's
but it's because I have for my entire life had an irrational fear of animatronics. I used to freak out when my parents would take me to chuck e cheese when I was little and but like I loved it, I loved it, I wanted to go, I wanted to be scared.
And so then
you know of course that is the whole franchise is right up my alley because there really creepy animatronics. So that's the only video game that I actually really play. I'm not particularly good at it, but um I do like playing it.
How
clever,
right? Yes, I was a big um I've always been more of a puzzle type game, like I was really big into Tetris when I was little and dr Mario. Um I like those kind of games, I'm not very
good
at like anything where you have to run or shoot or jump, which is most
game.
Um we have I have a PC and we have a PS four. I used to have a um
any S and an N 64
you know? Yeah.
I know.
I do play
that sometimes. My boyfriend has that and I do play he has Crash
Team
Racing,
I'll
play that
sometimes
and then.
No,
no, but I think that my boyfriend has that.
Yeah when I had a Playstation one, you know what came out? I loved Gex, do you remember GEC's
the
Middleman? Playstation?
Was that PlayStation I PlayStation 2?
Oh nice. I remember
we had
Oh really? Yeah we um I remember we had a demo for Tomba, do you remember Tomba?
Yeah, I remember
playing
that,
no.
Yeah, I'm sorry,
where do you find your
games? Do you, do you find them online?
Yeah.
we have a like a little local chain here called Bookman's and I think they have like five locations around Southern Arizona um and they specialize
in like
used
books
and games and uh you know, music, um records and stuff like that and you can find some really good games there. I know a lot of my friends who are gamers, they're like, oh my gosh, I found this like, you know, and a lot of people like, you know, because you can sell them and then you can buy them too, so
Oh, do you?
Do
you have anything
else that you, I mean obviously you collect a lot of stuff to do with video games, do you have any other things that you collect?
well yeah, I mean if you have that much I'm sure
true,
why not? Oh
Oop,
I lost you, I can hear you but I can't see you.
I can't see anything from your camera right now,
no,
I can hear you but I can't see it's just a black screen for me,
Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello?
I can see
you now,
wow,
my goodness,
nice.
How many would you say that you think you have?
my goodness, yeah, Okay,
But
just
wasn't working.
why not?
That's awesome.
but it's not enough,
Oh, that's
Do you do
cosplay at all? Yeah.
I was wondering
if
that's
what that was. Thanks. Nice. Mhm.
Do you make, did you make that, did you sell it? Nice. I wish I had that skill just
I am my so recently I made out like a bucket list of stuff that I want to do and not anything like crazy, just kind of like little things that I want to do and one of those was to make my own quilt and so now I think my mom is going to get me a sewing machine for christmas, so now I have to make a quill or she's going to be, she's gonna be mad that she got me so
and
that
would
be
that's been something that
my boyfriend and I have been working on kind of in the quarantine, being home a lot because he works from home too. Um is just like because the same kind of situation, we've lived in this house, we rent this house, but we've lived in this house for like 3.5 years now, and there were still boxes of stuff and it was just like okay if we haven't used this in 3.5 years, like what are we gonna do with it? But we set up um we both collect Pops, so we set up like a
whole shelf with our pops and stuff like that, He mostly collects Uh like Nickelodeon, he's really big into like 90s Nicktoons. Um I collect five nights at Freddy's Pops um as well as all the Disney villains, I'm big on Disney villains. Ursula is like my favorite, I've um so we finally got those, those were just in boxes for like three years, a lot of those, so we finally got shelves up to, I would show you, but I'm on a desktop, I can't bring you around.
that's actually
a really good idea, thank
you. Mhm
I
want
people
that
would
I never even thought about that because right now we just kind of have them on like bookshelves, you know?
Oh yeah,
still
such a man.
No,
I
do
have, we do have five
dogs though.
Just
one
of
them. Just one of them might he's really dumb. Yeah, very sweet but very dumb.
so does my dog.
he will um scare himself. He just looks at ghosts or something. I don't know what he does, he just looks off into space sometimes it's like what are you even? Okay whatever communicate with your spirits I don't care. Uh huh.
Very
much so.
We have um three of our dogs are chihuahuas though so turn. I know
they
are um they're all pretty old I think the youngest one is eight. Um So they mostly just are burrowed in blankets all day. They don't really they're just little they're like foot warmers you know?
Yeah and then I have we have the dumb one, he's a flat coated retriever so he's kind of like a furry black lab And he's the dumb one. Very very sweet. And then um we have a red tick coon hound, who is the smartest dog I have ever met in my life. She like has plans about what she's going to do as soon as somebody is not watching. She like like okay this happened like a couple of days ago I was working and she was laying on the bed in my office
and she
um I got up to go to the bathroom, came back like two minutes later and she had raided the trash can and then came back and laying on the bed like nothing happened. It was just like how how are you so smarting, plotting and evil?
Cats are very silly. Yeah.
I had a cat,
I
had
cat
growing
up who was obsessed with anything like minty and she would like get into
your purse and
take out like pieces of gum or
like
cough
drops,
things like that. And she didn't eat them. She just like the smell of them I think.
And
she
would
just
put
them
in
her
bed
so it just all smells like mint
in
her
bed.
It
was
like, well whenever
I
read
I
did hear
somewhere
that Mint and Catnip are in the same family. So I don't know. I don't know. So that it could be, but I mean, I don't know. She just liked it. It's very weird. Exactly.
So I assume you're off on the weekend. Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. I am to thankfully.
Well, I mean, I hope that, I don't know. I don't, I don't have any kids. Do you have any
kids?
You don't mean
either.
Which is, you know, kind of nice right now. I can imagine having kids right now and dealing with them being stuck in the house and not being able to go hang out. Some of my friends are parents and I'm just like, I would be going insane. Well because here too, they still have all remote learning and they have since like March, you know, and so like
parents
have just been working from home, stuck with their kids for, you know, a long time now. I would go crazy. So I'm glad it's just
my dumb
dogs
and me, it's much better.
good.
Does she bring them back?
but
both
very special. All the special animals. My cat also the one who liked me and she also was obsessed
with christmas
bows,
the ones that
you just peel off the back and stick on. She would like bat them around. Like she was playing soccer or something, she was obsessed with them. And so christmas was her favorite day because we should have a whole collection. She was like kind of a hoarder cat I
guess,
I don't know.
And
she would just have this whole collection of all, everyone's bows just like
in
the corner weirdo. But she didn't like, you know, cat toys,
she
wouldn't
play
with
the cat
toy,
she
would play
the
box
that it came in, How cats are. They don't appreciate anything.
That's
true. Just gave her cardboard.
exactly. Well I am going to I have
to
go
get my oil changed actually which is very exciting um Yeah,
I know,
but it was wonderful talking to you and very
meeting you. So I'm gonna head out now but I hope
you have a great day. Thank you.
II