Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah,
I can. Can you hear me?
Well, because this is my third try doing this. So thanks
for showing up.
I don't know. I sort of figure like if we were at a party and we didn't know each other, but we were obviously drinking the same beverage, you know, ice breaker. Hi, I'm jennifer.
Hi, how's it going?
Fair enough.
That is so awesome. I love seeing people do that. I don't do it much like around here. Um but it was super popular when I lived in Sweden. I saw it all the time.
there's so much work,
totally. Fair. I would 100% have a dog, but my wife is a cat, but my wife is allergic and she won't want a dog. And I'm just like, if we can find a dog that acts like a cat maybe.
Okay.
That's
your actual Children
council.
Yeah. Were they siblings or just
bonded pair? Nice.
At least you kind of know where like where everybody is,
it happens. So what did you go to school for?
that's totally fair. Yeah.
Yeah,
mm. I finished my Masters in Biology about
a year ago.
Mm Also not a huge fan of it. I mean, I like it but there's there's no jobs.
This whole whole pandemic thing is really putting a crimp on like progress, life,
progress
pics.
Just the two of us, yep, we moved back here from after living in Sweden for a couple of years doing school over there. Um We moved back two months ago now. Yeah. Trying to find work.
Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of like it sucks, but you just have to sit and wait for this all to blow over.
You
know?
Oh
yeah. It's it's really tough all around for everyone I'm sure.
Yeah. Yeah. We have a lot of family that wants to see us and we're like, no, we we we love you but we don't have health insurance so.
Okay. I feel like it's it's sort of it's weighing how you feel about it versus how other people feel about it because like if I am annoyingly carrying around the virus and I get somebody sick, I am going to feel absolutely awful and like would probably, I feel really bad about it forever. Especially if they died. Like carrying that feeling is not worth A three hour visit to go see parents for me. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
That's good. We're staying contact at least,
Mhm.
That's pretty awesome. No, your mom sounds great.
I mean that's pretty cool. It's a good way to make income.
Yeah.
sure. But to be able to make your own schedule and work on your own time.
That's not what I would have guessed would be the popular product, but Okay, that's great.
I mean that's a nice system. You get something to do and she gets something to sell. Yeah.
I've got um my dad, he lives like an hour away but we're not super close. Um He's not a huge fan of my wife and that sort of creates a rift. Uh And my sister lives in Nevada um and we're pretty close, we keep in contact, she's home, she's got the flu right now.
Like who gets the flu in the middle of a pandemic?
Yeah, she got tested today. So that's exciting. But also I'm sorry you have the flu.
Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah.
Well great knock on wood.
Just a series of unfortunate illnesses.
Mhm.
Like
like clockwork or is it just a
random
And
long.
So prolific surveys are pretty neat. I like it. That's our source of income right now. So I'm looking forward to those. $15.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, huge fan.
Hm.
So are you super close to Canada?
You don't want a canoe over the over the lake or anything?
One without. Right.
And at the very least like I assume that it's sort of like spanish in the U. S. Where it's taught by default in many, many schools if it's not the default language in the area. Mhm.
I
mean
you don't you don't use it in the U. S.
Do a window using dual lingo.
Yeah dueling goes pretty great. Yeah.
Holy cow. That's impressive.
Right but that's still that's still a lot. That's dedication.
you
will be a milestone.
Mhm. Time time and practice.
I spent a good year learning Swedish. Um Which is you know doing a lot of good being back in the U. S. Um But I never got great at it so people would start speaking Swedish to me and I would try and speak Swedish back and they just switched to english automatically like the California accent came right through or something because they knew every time.
Purple.
Yeah.
Before.
I mean we don't tell you how are you supposed to know?
Mhm.
I don't know. I've never heard of it so
no question
wanted.
Is it like sci fi or,
Worth reading though.
O. V. E. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm. I don't now have a whole lot of attention span though so I either fall asleep or I get you know bored and wander off and do something else.
I'm much more into um watching tv or playing video games.
it's really nice that it's such a vast platform. I feel like it really has something for everybody
and that's it's it's easily it's easy enough to like find your people
really bad communities.
Do you ever frequent um bad women's Anatomy?
So bad.
When south here is. Yeah.
I think as long as you don't they're like being an observer is different
now. I avoid any of the political as much as possible. I can't I can't deal with the back and forth and the drama.
I think I mostly, I think I have 90% of my friends and family like unfollowed somebody feed is just yard sales and grocery stuff.
Mhm
I mean that's, that's still a really impressive feat though.
Did you win?
Well, congratulations on the one you did win.
and uh, if, if coronavirus allows, do you think that's going to be something to pursue this coming summer?
Okay. Well, damn,
bomber.
Yeah. Mm hmm, yep. A lot. They also have Lansky's are really popular.
Yeah, They're like these tiny little skis that you strapped to your feet that have two wheels on them and people like have the polls and
yeah, yeah, yeah, predominantly, uh, old man particle
order.
yeah,
I recommend it. It's
a really nice place to visit. Everybody speaks english as a second language.
Yeah I recommend it. It's good, good trip.
New Zealand
and
really expensive to live there. Like really stupid expensive.
that's us too. Well yes.
you
know it's melting shoot so
great. Well water
yeah. Um we met in community college 13 years ago yeah taking the same english class. Um and then we ended up going to the same college together and we both went to grad school in Sweden together and now we're back here.
Yeah I think college makes it a bit a bit easier. Uh we both fully acknowledged that if we ever like split up or both completely boned like dating is so foreign right now.
That's that's kind of fair.
Yeah. I think video meats are a great way to like start conversation and you can find out a little bit about the other person without like being trapped in a coffee shop. Making awkward small talk. He just save yourself a couple bucks and do it from home.
Technical
difficult.
Yeah.
I mean it was great to meet you and you've seen fabulous but 25, minutes.
Thank you. You you as well?
I think so.