Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Hi, can you hear me?
Yes. Yesterday I tried to do this on my other computer and they couldn't hear me. Yeah. The computer sometimes. He's a little grumpy sometimes. Yeah.
No
success. I don't really want to talk about.
Hi. I'm Danielle.
Pretty crappy, you know? Well, the pandemic, but it's a really nice day out so I'm kind of like feeling good and feeling bad.
I took my cat outside for a few minutes. Well I two cats and I put leashes on them and take them outside and the neighbors probably think I'm crazy.
Oh Sweden. Yeah, sometimes I do wish I had a dog because they actually want to go and walks. The dogs are a lot more work.
Like I grew up with with having a dog and my parents still have one, but with my life it's just easier with cabs.
Well, I couldn't have a cat when I was younger because both my sisters and my mom are allergic, so I had to wait until I moved out and right Graduation College. Still waited another like three years. And I have two boys that I adopted. They had uh a
local
farm
kids cats. Yeah. Like like I call my boys, but they're
there. I talked to them from a foster group.
Yeah. Yeah, they're from the same letter, so they live their whole life together.
Like if I accidentally lack one in a room, the other one like sits outside that room and like pause at the door. You can always tell when one's like locked in the bathroom because the other catches like staring. Yeah.
Yeah. I have come home before and found like a cat that had spent the whole day like locked in a room.
Mechanical engineering. And I'm finishing up a masters to granted it's not a big thing out of it at this point.
Oh
have you studied anything?
How
long?
Yeah, especially right now. Mhm.
it's
more,
it's hard. Yeah. Missing just seeing people in person. But you live with your wife polls, just the two of you.
All right. It's always hard. Yeah, I don't have a job right now and it's not a good time to find one.
Well like I got laid off in november and like that was really sad, but I was
like I'm just going to
finish up, I was doing grad school part time and I thought I'm just going to go full time for the spring and get a job after that And then March 2020. It yeah, mm I mean I'm just trying to stay positive. Mhm.
It can be hard.
Yeah, my parents live close so I go over there. I remind my mom that I shouldn't be there, but you know, everything's been fine so far. Mhm.
Yeah, I'm more worried about getting my mom's sick, so I think I'd be fine but and she was like high blood pressure and a couple of like no, I don't want her getting sick, but my sister who works in a nursing homes coming home to visit and my mom's okay with that.
Yeah.
My my family, well my sisters Like 12 hours away. They wanted the nursing homes two hours away and then I live five minutes from my parents. So we've been we've been doing like Zoom calls every now and then with
Yeah, so we made fun of my mom the first time because she brought like an agenda of topics like how everyone's pets house work in school and like she printed out list. Mm So
we made fun of her for that,
she's, she's a good lady. I was with my dad, everyone's working except me. Well my mom actually has an Ebay business. She kind of, she retired last year from like a part time job and she resells things on Ebay.
She loves it. It's definitely better than her selling like Avon or something. Yeah.
Yeah, she's actually like working for herself. You have to pay some Ebay and Paypal fees. That's just the nature of the platform.
wow, she goes to Goodwill and buys things that can be resold does really well with shoes. Yeah. People who like maybe try on a shoe and like don't return it but don't like it and they just send them to goodwill and they're like brand new. So one evening
it's just what she's had good luck with. Sometimes she will find like vintage things she's learned like which figurines sell best jigsaw puzzles. I'll take the jigsaw puzzle and put together and take a picture to show that all the pieces are there and then she'll resell it.
Activity family members other than your words.
You are.
That's sad. Does she know it's the flu?
I think I've ever gotten the flu. I've had cold bronchitis. I don't think I've ever had the flu had really good luck.
I mean this year I had bronchitis back in december and then a cold and february, but I, I've got all my years without getting sick.
My help. Mhm. Oh, that bronchitis wasn't fun. So my mom isn't, she was briefly very insistent that the whole family had gotten covid back in december. I'm like, no mom, because she got pneumonia and I I had bronchitis. And my dad had bronchitis. And I don't think we got it from the same source because we don't live together. So she's finally I think accepted it was just pneumonia.
Yeah. She gets pneumonia every year. Yeah.
Or bronchitis either
either
it's
not like any specific time in the year, but usually every flu season. Yeah. I mean she's in her upper 50s so it's just, yeah, I never No, no, he
does.
He got bronchitis. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Yeah. I've only been doing it sporadically. So I have like £20 sitting there because like 20 five usd some like that. Yeah.
Very nice that the pound is stronger than the dollar.
Oh it's kind of fun going up to Canada because like the the U. S. Dollar is stronger than the Canadian dollar. So it's like the opposite because
you everything is cheaper in Canada
kind of. I'm in Ohio so there's like lake Erie in the way but I've been taking it a couple times. Well I've been there twice in a boat, wanted once in a plane and once in a car. I just need to take a train and I'll have like every way into Canada covered.
Like I got the boat part covered you can and it's Yeah. Yes, maybe. I guess bus will consider that like car. Okay, ken is nice though. I went to Quebec city and people would walk up to me and start speaking french and I just feel like juniper Europol francais and they would like either switch to english or just like laugh awkwardly and walk away. Sorry,
I guess it's just assumed you speak friendship. There. Some people don't even speak english. It's
Yeah, I studied french in high school for three years but then I promptly forgot it all.
So
I
I am trying to learn spanish right now because
Yes I am and because I feel like it's gonna be more useful with with just um having so many people in the US that do speak spanish how if you speak french french is not useful. Mhm Yeah and that's you know, there's a lot of resources out there for learning like dual lingo.
Mhm I'm up to like 206 day streak.
I have used the street freeze has saved me a couple times.
I'm going to be pretty sad if it ever like breaks, but it's just I'm trying to get to at least a year then if I like lose the streak after that least I made
it.
Mm Yeah. Still not through the spanish tree,
What are you learning? A dual lingo or anything?
Yeah. Yes. Oh you poor thing.
I just listen to an audiobook called a man named yuba yuba yuba yuba, a man named Uba and it's set in Sweden but it took me a long time to realize that I think it was Sweden. Is there a current, is the currency kroner? Yeah.
So I'm listening to this story and I'm like, they're, they're talking about kroner. I thought they had made it up. I thought
it was like made up currency until later in the book. He said Swedish. Oh, and then I looked up Sweden and like so much made sense after that they didn't just make up something. I felt very stupid. I like
kronor it's a kroner. Mhm
It's a good book though. I don't know if it was originally written in Swedish or if it was just set in Sweden.
Well my sister
and
she suggested I read it. Yeah
it's like it's a fictional story of his old man who's really grumpy and his wife had died and basically in the beginning of the story he's like trying to kill himself. But it's not like sad. I mean it kinda is sad at the same time. There's like humor mixed into it because every time he tries to kill himself like someone like knocks on his door and like cuba you need to come help us do this thing and in the end just like befriended this family and became like their daughters like adoptive grandfather and he was like happy after that. So it was happy. Sad funny. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm getting way too much of the plot man named Uba. It's O. V. E.
Do you like reading?
I know that feeling.
I spend so much time on the internet. Mhm. Read it has been like really good for me and really bad for me. Mhm. Like I learned how to take better care of my hair. I learned about Yeah, I got my fountain pens because I've read it like there's just all this random stuff I've done in my life because I've read it like going on bike trips and camping and at the same time it also like suck so much in my life away. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Like even the church I go to now is because of being on reddit and like learning about like this denomination and it's just like it's crazy.
Me.
Mhm. Mhm. There's some really really good communities on there and there's some really, really bad ones.
Broadens. So bad. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
I have been on there. Oh yeah. Some of that stuff is just
Oh, I like in cell tears where they like insoles and soles.
I think my favorite ones are the ones that they like mock other people. Yeah. Mhm. Well, I'm not nice though. Mhm.
I don't participate in, I don't go on like the politically charged ones and like throw myself in.
It's hard enough on facebook. Mhm. I just slowly hide everyone. Mhm. Especially this pandemic. Yeah.
Yeah, that's probably better. I like funny memes. Yeah. It means. Mhm.
Uh I'll read it. Mhm. Yeah. I think maybe read it's been good for me. I've I've done good things. I did like a few triathlons last summer. Yeah. Really short ones. Short ones.
I'm very like I do it for fun and if I win it's like that was cool.
Yeah, I want to, well I was in the short distance, like the very shortest and I like one my division for the series, which I was basically in the end, I was competing against a woman my mom's age and if I had lost to her it would have been really, I entered the Athena Division, Waved away 175 lb and I thought I can beat them and then I just didn't end up wealth.
Thank you. It was fun. I I I really like racing. It's um the one by my house is my favorite in the series, but it's also the holiest bike course, so um that's not fun, But when I was racing last year was trying really hard to beat that like 58 year old woman, so I uh I I almost felt like I was dying on the bike course. It was awesome. Oh
no, because I, all the races are canceled this summer.
Yeah. Yeah, it's really sad the racing community because like all the pools are closed, all the races are cancelled. Yeah.
Yeah, at least I still have my bike on the road. I really enjoy biking. Do they buy clothes in Sweden?
Lansky's
Oh that's weird.
old men are great,
well maybe not like the racist ones, but they can be a music right now.
Yeah. Sweet, it would be cool. Sweden.
Great.
Okay, I have, I've never been off in North America someday. Mhm.
so I kind of want to like stick to countries where they speak english, like I really want to go to England, just very english, but uh England, we like to roll just like island uh Ireland.
Oh new Zealand I think if I didn't have cats right now I would probably just move to new Zealand. It's just hard
with.
One The thing about New Zealand and Australia is if you're under 30 it's super easy to get a visa because of the work working holiday visas it's called which allows you to live there and work for one year and it gets extended out to two years if you have at least six months of work throughout that first year. So
and it's like literally it's as long as you're from like a couple couple couple countries and the US is one of them, you just like fill out a form and they just make sure you're not like oh good criminal or something And you pay like $300 and you
go
And
so where did you meet your wife?
mm. That's really cute. I don't have any significant other. And I always want to find out how people met. There's tell me your secret when you're in college.
It's so hard. My sister is doing like video dates because she doesn't want to meet people in person. So this is our excuse to not even be able to.
So hopefully maybe she'll meet someone and it will work out and after the pandemic they can me room for, right?
And then you're like oh I'm having,
I
don't recognize you. Like closing your peter and run away. Block the number. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Well it's been a half hour. You want to talk much longer?
I got something due at 8:30 so I'm gonna go fill out this survey now, enjoy your money. Good luck. I'm living Good luck rob.
All right, so we just close this now.