SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't know. Oh, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Like okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. Okay. This one I'm definitely this one. Yeah. Weird. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. This one. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Shit. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm inspections. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay, correct. I don't like this. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Shit. What? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Again we just okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. To be like that. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Just a big okay. Magic tricks. I see. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yes. She wants jesus man. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Hey, you are. Mm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Nothing. Well. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. About? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The door. Mhm Okay. Yeah, just a little bit. Thanks. Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh Yeah, You know about Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Me? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe you showed up. This is my third, sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Or your 3rd wine?
SPEAKER_L: Jeff, this is my third time doing this. So I'm kind of shocked.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. So this is my second time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, Well, congratulations. This is oh, I've got something shocked.
SPEAKER_R: How come?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, just cause I, I don't think anybody shows up to these things so I'm like complete Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: assumed everyone did because this is probably the best paying thing I've ever seen on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: Oh same. Okay. I'm just gonna set a timer just so we um because my other page, it's like, I can't see the timer. So
SPEAKER_R: No worries. Do your thing,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, just to make sure we hit it to get that money.
SPEAKER_R: of course
SPEAKER_L: Mm Okay, cool. Alright, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: colors.
SPEAKER_L: Casita?
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead,
SPEAKER_L: Carlos. All right, Laura Beth here,
SPEAKER_R: laura,
SPEAKER_L: Laura Beth Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Pleasure. Pleasure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Um, are you, you're in the assuming you're in the USa? Right? Cool.
SPEAKER_L: I am
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: okay, we're in the same time zone. I'm in California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. How is it over there? Mhm. Well,
SPEAKER_R: spoiled here.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. It's like I hear from everybody, it's like the promised land, but I've only been to California once and the gas prices were enough to like turn me off, so
SPEAKER_R: That's a good question actually. So because of Covid, um, gas prices obviously went down drastically. So, So before COVID, um, the average price for me to fill up my tank or the average price for 89 guess was About about 3 87. How does that price sound to you? Like, like higher or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's definitely higher. Like a lot higher I think on like in normal times, like not covid or anything or I think it probably would have been 250, maybe even, maybe even like to 15. Yeah. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I remember I went to Disneyland with my husband like two years ago and we're filling up and we were driving back into Arizona and we were, we waited to fill up our take because it was so expensive. So, so you guys have a lucky and just enjoy that because it's probably going to go out, Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's really starting to creep back up. But I was just curious like, so for me like to, when I was paying like 2 50 because of Covid, I was like, this is so amazing. It's
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: the cheapest I've ever paid for gas is, is wonderful. But I'm sure that's the standard everywhere else.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty much. Especially in the east coast, like I used to live in north Carolina and florida. And um the gas prices and the cost of living up there is even cheaper. So yeah, like a house that you would probably pay, Oh gosh, like half a million out there. We would be able to pay for like 350 out here.
SPEAKER_R: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean California sounds nice and everything, but I'm not uh cost of living, I just I can't I can't hang with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean there's, there's always pockets here and there or it's affordable, but for the most part on average, it's just, it's pretty ridiculous. It is what it is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So so what are the perks of living in California?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I guess one of the perks that everyone says is that you have, um, all for types of geography. And what I mean by that is like if you wanted to, you could go to the mountains, you could go to the coast, other stuff to do inland. And I don't know if the fourth when this highlands or desserts, but something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I mean, so have you ever been to La Hoya?
SPEAKER_R: Funny you ask. I, I used to um, I used to live in the lawyer. Pretty
SPEAKER_L: that's amazing,
SPEAKER_R: pretty much I guess I would say. Yeah, I lived in the Hoya from 2011 to about 2015, Then I moved like maybe 3, 3 miles south of that. So I still am pretty much right there.
SPEAKER_L: bands.
SPEAKER_R: How come
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: how can you mentioned the high specifically?
SPEAKER_L: So I've never been, but like all of my in laws like rave about it, they have a tradition of going every year like after 4th of July. And um, I just moved here from florida. So it's like, I have the opportunity to go, we can't go this year because we're not going to sit on the beach in a mask, Like we're just not going. That just sounds so lame. So, uh, I, I have yet, I'm the only person in the family, only in law who has yet to go to like Glorified La Hoya. And
SPEAKER_R: He.
SPEAKER_L: uh, I've only been to the east Coast speeches like in the atlantic and the gulf ones and they're always like, oh, it's not, this is not the lawyers so much better. So yeah, that's for me, like that's the quintessential Californian destiny's other than Disneyland. So yeah, that's, it's my waiting thing, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like um I'll explain the whole more and more in a little bit but but you do bring up something that would have been trying to do over especially or the last 3, 4 years is every day. I just remind myself just to be grateful for where I live mike I'm sure it's expensive and stuff. But just just to be able to say I live where people want a vacation. Like I I just could never take that for granted.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that is, that's very true. I think I know a little, maybe like a portion of that because my parents live in colorado and a destination where like, well a lot of people, it's like a tourist town. And so I've been able to Like, it's like with Indian ruins, it's like by the four corners area. Um, so there's like a lot of stuff that I've been able to just like go like for a day trip and people literally have come from china to come see this stuff. So
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: I know also the colorado thing like that, the whole mountains and it's so beautiful like everybody travels to come see that. Don
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: bet.
SPEAKER_L: free.
SPEAKER_R: I believe it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty, I know what you mean. You have to be grateful for it. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so what do you do for a living? Money?
SPEAKER_R: Um right now I work at right now I work at home as a loan processor but I'm thinking um but I'm also looking at it, it's like I I enjoy it. I mean I'm I'm grateful to have it. I mean I get to work from home, it's really really easy money. Um I can have my tv on in the background the entire day while I do it.
SPEAKER_L: Down to hustle.
SPEAKER_R: It's all data entry. So like don't get me wrong I'm really grateful for it. But I'm also looking at an opportunity with Kaiser and I would be it be the same thing I'd be working at home data entry. I don't gotta it's all data entry. But the reason I'm looking to switch to Kaiser from loan processing is because um um Kaiser offers the company itself offers way better insurance and benefits than being alone processor
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can kind
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: of see. Yeah, it's a bigger company, right?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. And I just something about being a loan processor. I mean, I don't want to say it feels dirty, but I don't like, unlike the energy or vibe around it because I see come from come for confidential information all the time when people are applying for loans and I don't know, I just just the amount that you have to pay back on alone and I don't know, it just gives me just, it's great money. But I just get bad thoughts all the time about like when I'm like processing the zones, I'm like, man, I feel bad for this person that they taking out this horrible alone. Like every time I process alone and I want to call the person and be like, man, like stuff you don't need this, like it's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: probably not worth how much you're gonna have to pay back. It's like, I don't want to say it's a dirty industry but it just feels kind of dirty when I'm doing the work and I'm just like uh like I feel more honest working for Kaiser too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Whatever makes you feel better honestly life's life's too short to stand something that you just you know it makes you feel like you're doing every day. Yeah. Good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for you, good for you to have you applied to for Kaiser yet?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right now I've been working with a job recruiter and she's um already did all the paperwork and stuff I got to do for it should go right now. The process you said it's just really slow because of Covid. So she said she'll just keep me up today. Um get back in touch with me but it's not like I'm in a rush or anything like if it happens it's cool if it doesn't I'm cool with what I'm doing now so.
SPEAKER_L: I mean the covid thing, it's kind of nice and slow down everything, I mean like for me it's given me a chance to catch up on stuff. Um But at the same time I'm just I'm so over I'm so over it like like i in Arizona there they were trying to like open up everything but now we're getting an uptick in cases um And it's especially like kind of around the reservation a little bit um because they do things a little bit different, their culture is a little bit different and how they handle things um And it's also just part different parts of phoenix too. Different parts of phoenix, different parts of Tucson, I'm in Tucson right now, but um yeah, it's just it's such a bummer because like my my older nieces and nephews are like, they don't know if they're gonna be able to go back to school or I don't know, I'm just like, oh and also we can't go without a mask, like there's a mask requirement here and for me like I have asthma but I don't really like have proof that I have asthma, so I have to wear it anyway, and it's hard, it's really hard and
SPEAKER_R: I believe it
SPEAKER_L: so and I think another thing like people, I didn't even think about this um but if you go to like restaurants or whatever, you go to like check out or wherever just the general public and you're wearing your mask and the other person is wearing their mask. It's like really difficult to like see their emotions and then like, it's hard to even like hear them sometimes. It's, and I would say like makes me panic so much, but I guess it just makes me like,
SPEAKER_R: War
SPEAKER_L: like socially it makes me feel a little unstable.
SPEAKER_R: uneasy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It makes you feel uneasy I guess. And I don't know why, but it's just like that wall, it's just like another barrier I guess if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's just really, it seems like like logically it seems like it would be really dumb. But still like I even asked my mother lunch because she lives really close and I just saw her and I asked him like, does this like make you feel weird? She's like, yeah. Yeah. So I'm hoping it gets over with soon because okay. It's hard to handle.
SPEAKER_R: It's um yeah it really makes you I mean obviously there are certain companies and groups of people that have thrived because of this. You know obviously companies that are like netflix, all online shopping etcetera etcetera. But for the most part you just gotta feel so so bad for all the groups companies that have been negatively affected by this. Like like even I try to think about it on the most personal individual level like like I don't but I was thinking about it was like what if I had a friend who um he like lived in an apartment was just making ends me and he worked full time at like the movie theater and just out of the blue out of the blue nowhere he's he lose his job and then he's just devastated like overnight it's devastating like now what do I do now, what I do
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. It's really the in it, honestly, this is like unprecedented. Like I don't think anybody even like my mom's there, she's a boomer and she hasn't even, she hasn't even dealt with something like this like as have been for a while. And actually my sister in law now, do you, do you know anybody who actually got Covid?
SPEAKER_R: not personally.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't either. But my sister in law, her husband lost his job. He was like a lawyer for like a church or whatever. Um And he had just got, he had the job for a year and they have four kids and a mortgage. And it's been and he's still looking like he's up in Nebraska is still looking for a job. And like it's it's a good thing that I mean unemployment is going on and everything for a lot of people. But it stresses me out like like my husband is an essential worker and everything so I like we're okay but I don't know what my like my in laws are going to do. It's rough. It's so great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then also think about the um people that are just about to enter college, like they're not going to get that whole college experience of moving into the dorms, etcetera, etcetera. Like their first year of college is all mine,
SPEAKER_L: And oh my gosh I came out even imagine like, well I mean I guess the upside of it is it kind of makes you more resilient you know makes you a little bit more resilient. Make sure I appreciate it. I'm not really an extrovert in a while. I mean I need to see people but I'm not like like it's not as much as like a personal crisis like a social crisis. I mean I don't know about you. Are you are you like an extroverted and introverted?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the middle, I would say. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's rough. Yeah. I mean a couple of couple of my friends are really struggling and I don't really know what that's like because I I can see somebody like once a week and just like be fine. Um B I I have no idea how they're handling it. They're just Mhm. So my only hope is that we're not going to have like state home orders again right now. They're just doing like the face masks and everything. Um So we'll see. Yeah, we shall see. I don't know. Yeah. That's rough. That's right. And so what is your first thing? I don't know if you like staying in like how um how much are you like isolating yourself for you? Like mostly staying home?
SPEAKER_R: Uh to be perfectly honest, Covid like um hasn't affected me whatsoever. The amount I go out, the amount I self isolate etcetera etcetera. Like I probably go out just as much as I did before coded. Um the only difference is when I go out, it's, you know, not to the mall or to like club or anything, it's just to someone's house. Yeah, so I'm very fortunate like Covid like hasn't affected my life whatsoever. Like I was working at home before, well, kind of working at home before Covid still doing that now, the literally the only thing that's changed for me is, you know, gyms are closed, well, they reopened now but before they were closed, so, and, and obviously the face mask thing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. Do you guys like how is it a requirement there
SPEAKER_R: Um Crazily enough, san Diego has been one of the less strict cities when it comes to Covid, we
SPEAKER_L: rip?
SPEAKER_R: were like Los Angeles is where they're really, where they've really tried to crack down um closed, non essential businesses, put on face masks, etcetera. But san Diego is kind of a little more lax. Um they let businesses open up a lot sooner than other areas and uh yeah, and then San Diego was definitely more Republican, a conservative than other areas of California.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_R: That's, yeah, they're definitely when it comes to their way. Pretty conservative and Republican.
SPEAKER_L: Gosha, interesting. Yeah. I didn't know that. I I kind of assumed like all of California was lip like the the liberal kind of thing. So that's that's news to me on the dish that goes to show you like, I don't know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: no, there's definitely the pockets, especially the more wealthy areas that are way more Republican, like lawyer is very, very conservative. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow, interesting. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of interesting. Um We actually just had a it's kind of become like a, I wouldn't say it's like political a political reaction for people because some people like really are like want to keep themselves isolated and like safe against covid it kind of really just depends on your outlook on it. Um But we actually had a like a gathering with my husband's coworkers a few days ago and like we went in and we didn't know kind of how they were going to deal with it, like if we had to go in like wearing face masks or anything and of course you're like you don't want to offend anybody like by coming in, like I'll spread my germs all over your house. Um So but but it's just it's kind of done like, again, it's like another social layer that you have to worry about. So yeah, it was it was kind of thankfully they have apparently, it seemed like they didn't really care, even though like we're in Arizona and we're one of those rising key states. Um But apparently they just, you know, and I've been like, like we're within like kind of the medical community anyway, and some I find people are worried about it based upon where you are, like if you're in like the cities and that they're a little bit more worried, but other than that if you're not in a city or if you're just like a mid sized town, you know, it's not gonna be there a big issue. So um like we were we were in like a like a mid size town when before we moved here and I think my husband's hospital went like three or four weeks about seeing a single covid patient.
SPEAKER_R: that's great.
SPEAKER_L: Oh so it just it kind of just depends I guess.
SPEAKER_R: I see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It just really depends.
SPEAKER_R: It's funny you bring up the social issues because I was just thinking recently that's um one major reason that as a country we're not going to overcome this anytime soon or as fast as other nations is because we have um to differing opinions on it that are so far apart and so to overcome this, we all need to like kind of have to be on the same page. But the two different opinions on it are just so far apart. You have the one side that's like we got to wear the mask, we still got to take this seriously and then we have the other side that's like we don't need mask, everyone can go out again. Like I understand why we got to stay home and I there's there's no, at least in my opinion there is no clear middle ground. Like I see, I see facilities like starting to reopen but in limited capacity, but to me, um middle ground is just, It's it's half fast and ineffective because like for example, like let's say restaurants say we're going to reopen, but at 50% capacity, you gotta wear your mask on the way in or you got away or your mask while you're waiting for food. But I almost don't want to say it's completely useless, but I feel that it's not really that effective because Even at 50% capacity, even if you got to wear your mask on the way in, there's no way to enforce people walking past each other. There's no way to enforce um that one person who is just kind of very against it and just won't put it on unless he sees an employee walking by. There's no no way to control people touching the same bathroom handle, door, touching the same chair table. Just, that's why I feel like like semi reopening, it's it's just, it's all for show because they
SPEAKER_L: I'd have to agree with you there and I think I feel like it's like that with walmart too because they tried to put those things on the isles where you have to walk one way but I guarantee you nobody including myself
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: like I yeah, nobody follows that stuff because it's I mean I don't know, I guess it's just a concentrated amount of effort that you have to put in and people are just are not used to that.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: all for show
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And everybody has a different, like, I wish there was a middle ground. I really do, but I think especially like right now, like, before the election, before like, whatever it is,
SPEAKER_R: to add another layer to the
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: matter.
SPEAKER_L: there's just there's not going to be a middle ground because everybody's tensions are going to be high, it's always gonna be this battle between. And to be very honest with you, I've had to like, like say peace out, especially with like, although like the Black Lives Matter Movement happening and all the I've had to get off my social media because I I just can't handle it because there's going to be the extremists on each side, I can't handle everybody is afraid to like say something or they say it too much. I've had to get off because I just I can't hang with it anymore, I have to just kind of stay home. I don't really go out too much, I'm like kind of like you, I don't really go out as much um and obviously I'm in a new city so I don't know anybody here. Um But I've honestly just had to take a break because you know, even while meaning people can, you know, is for even for them, it's hard to follow regulations or you know, it's a it's a bunch of effort, it's an out of effort and it's hard. It is and I don't blame them, but it's yeah, it's hard to find that little girl. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so as we uh as we approach the halfway point of the year, next few days um Mhm once
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we, once we get to the end of this year, I was thinking about it, there is no way in hell for people to be able to put a positive spin on year and rewind videos,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, Okay. That's really funny. I have literally thought about that, you know how like google like every year they come out with like a commercial like and they put like the highlights of the year and everything.
SPEAKER_R: you're like, oh, this happened. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: all I can see them have doing is like medical personnel doing their like Tic Tac's or whatever. Like if you see those videos or they do dancing text, I think that's like the only thing they can come up with.
SPEAKER_R: the only positive spin you can put on it is let's let's learn, let's not dwell on the past, let's let's make our promises to be stronger going forward.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This is, it honestly has been the shittiest here and that and that at least everybody can a ground which no, no matter what side you're on, we can all agree. This has been a the shittiest year by far. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Just so just so out of nowhere to like, I mean it's not not only has it been an off here, it's been a Once in every 10, years kind of year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I would say like Probably since 2001. I thought I would say this has been the worst year since 2001. Probably.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can agree with that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How well I'm just gonna stay home. I I just I I think it's some people think it's bad to like isolate yourself and stay within your little bubble. Um But I think to a certain extent that's not bad. Um I mean I do poke my head out every once in a while just so I stay semi informed but um I am a small person, there's not a ton I can do um Except you know raise my kids, you know I love my family, I go to the liquor store a little more often than I used to which is not right but uh but I but I got to try the line that I I have always wanted to try. So I guess that's an upside, That's the upside of 2020. So actually our our timer just went off. I don't know if you have stuff to do but are the time I just went off for our conversation so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Already,
SPEAKER_L: Already thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: of course, stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: You too how do you end this? Do you just, you just end you just click the video off?
SPEAKER_R: I believe I believe you can just exit the link, but so long as you kept the other link open, then you're good
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool, awesome. Have a good life.
SPEAKER_R: appreciate it you as well.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.