Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't know. Oh, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Like okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. Okay. This one I'm definitely this one. Yeah. Weird. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. This one. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Shit. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm inspections. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay, correct. I don't like this. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Shit. What? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Again we just okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. To be like that. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Just a big okay. Magic tricks. I see. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yes. She wants jesus man. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Hey, you are. Mm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Nothing. Well. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. About? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The door. Mhm Okay. Yeah, just a little bit. Thanks. Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh Yeah, You know about Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Me? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah,
I can't believe you showed up. This is my third, sorry,
Jeff, this is my third time doing this. So I'm kind of shocked.
Oh my gosh, Well, congratulations. This is oh, I've got something shocked.
Oh, just cause I, I don't think anybody shows up to these things so I'm like complete Yeah.
Oh same. Okay. I'm just gonna set a timer just so we um because my other page, it's like, I can't see the timer. So
yeah, just to make sure we hit it to get that money.
Mm Okay, cool. Alright, what's your name?
Casita?
Carlos. All right, Laura Beth here,
Laura Beth Yeah,
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
I am
in Arizona.
Oh yeah. How is it over there? Mhm. Well,
yeah, yeah. It's like I hear from everybody, it's like the promised land, but I've only been to California once and the gas prices were enough to like turn me off, so
Yeah, that's definitely higher. Like a lot higher I think on like in normal times, like not covid or anything or I think it probably would have been 250, maybe even, maybe even like to 15. Yeah. Yeah. So
yeah,
I remember I went to Disneyland with my husband like two years ago and we're filling up and we were driving back into Arizona and we were, we waited to fill up our take because it was so expensive. So, so you guys have a lucky and just enjoy that because it's probably going to go out, Oh my gosh.
Hi.
Yeah, pretty much. Especially in the east coast, like I used to live in north Carolina and florida. And um the gas prices and the cost of living up there is even cheaper. So yeah, like a house that you would probably pay, Oh gosh, like half a million out there. We would be able to pay for like 350 out here.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean California sounds nice and everything, but I'm not uh cost of living, I just I can't I can't hang with it.
Yeah. So so what are the perks of living in California?
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I mean, so have you ever been to La Hoya?
that's amazing,
bands.
And
So I've never been, but like all of my in laws like rave about it, they have a tradition of going every year like after 4th of July. And um, I just moved here from florida. So it's like, I have the opportunity to go, we can't go this year because we're not going to sit on the beach in a mask, Like we're just not going. That just sounds so lame. So, uh, I, I have yet, I'm the only person in the family, only in law who has yet to go to like Glorified La Hoya. And
uh, I've only been to the east Coast speeches like in the atlantic and the gulf ones and they're always like, oh, it's not, this is not the lawyers so much better. So yeah, that's for me, like that's the quintessential Californian destiny's other than Disneyland. So yeah, that's, it's my waiting thing, I guess.
Yeah, that is, that's very true. I think I know a little, maybe like a portion of that because my parents live in colorado and a destination where like, well a lot of people, it's like a tourist town. And so I've been able to Like, it's like with Indian ruins, it's like by the four corners area. Um, so there's like a lot of stuff that I've been able to just like go like for a day trip and people literally have come from china to come see this stuff. So
I know also the colorado thing like that, the whole mountains and it's so beautiful like everybody travels to come see that. Don
it's
free.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty, I know what you mean. You have to be grateful for it. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so what do you do for a living? Money?
Down to hustle.
yeah, I can kind
of see. Yeah, it's a bigger company, right?
my
Yeah. Yeah. Whatever makes you feel better honestly life's life's too short to stand something that you just you know it makes you feel like you're doing every day. Yeah. Good
for you, good for you to have you applied to for Kaiser yet?
I mean the covid thing, it's kind of nice and slow down everything, I mean like for me it's given me a chance to catch up on stuff. Um But at the same time I'm just I'm so over I'm so over it like like i in Arizona there they were trying to like open up everything but now we're getting an uptick in cases um And it's especially like kind of around the reservation a little bit um because they do things a little bit different, their culture is a little bit different and how they handle things um And it's also just part different parts of phoenix too. Different parts of phoenix, different parts of Tucson, I'm in Tucson right now, but um yeah, it's just it's such a bummer because like my my older nieces and nephews are like, they don't know if they're gonna be able to go back to school or I don't know, I'm just like, oh and also we can't go without a mask, like there's a mask requirement here and for me like I have asthma but I don't really like have proof that I have asthma, so I have to wear it anyway, and it's hard, it's really hard and
so and I think another thing like people, I didn't even think about this um but if you go to like restaurants or whatever, you go to like check out or wherever just the general public and you're wearing your mask and the other person is wearing their mask. It's like really difficult to like see their emotions and then like, it's hard to even like hear them sometimes. It's, and I would say like makes me panic so much, but I guess it just makes me like,
like socially it makes me feel a little unstable.
Yeah. It makes you feel uneasy I guess. And I don't know why, but it's just like that wall, it's just like another barrier I guess if that makes sense.
Yeah. And it's just really, it seems like like logically it seems like it would be really dumb. But still like I even asked my mother lunch because she lives really close and I just saw her and I asked him like, does this like make you feel weird? She's like, yeah. Yeah. So I'm hoping it gets over with soon because okay. It's hard to handle.
no.
Yeah. Right. It's really the in it, honestly, this is like unprecedented. Like I don't think anybody even like my mom's there, she's a boomer and she hasn't even, she hasn't even dealt with something like this like as have been for a while. And actually my sister in law now, do you, do you know anybody who actually got Covid?
Yeah, I don't either. But my sister in law, her husband lost his job. He was like a lawyer for like a church or whatever. Um And he had just got, he had the job for a year and they have four kids and a mortgage. And it's been and he's still looking like he's up in Nebraska is still looking for a job. And like it's it's a good thing that I mean unemployment is going on and everything for a lot of people. But it stresses me out like like my husband is an essential worker and everything so I like we're okay but I don't know what my like my in laws are going to do. It's rough. It's so great.
And oh my gosh I came out even imagine like, well I mean I guess the upside of it is it kind of makes you more resilient you know makes you a little bit more resilient. Make sure I appreciate it. I'm not really an extrovert in a while. I mean I need to see people but I'm not like like it's not as much as like a personal crisis like a social crisis. I mean I don't know about you. Are you are you like an extroverted and introverted?
Yeah. It's rough. Yeah. I mean a couple of couple of my friends are really struggling and I don't really know what that's like because I I can see somebody like once a week and just like be fine. Um B I I have no idea how they're handling it. They're just Mhm. So my only hope is that we're not going to have like state home orders again right now. They're just doing like the face masks and everything. Um So we'll see. Yeah, we shall see. I don't know. Yeah. That's rough. That's right. And so what is your first thing? I don't know if you like staying in like how um how much are you like isolating yourself for you? Like mostly staying home?
yeah. Yeah. Do you guys like how is it a requirement there
rip?
I didn't know that.
Gosha, interesting. Yeah. I didn't know that. I I kind of assumed like all of California was lip like the the liberal kind of thing. So that's that's news to me on the dish that goes to show you like, I don't know. I don't know.
wow, interesting. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of interesting. Um We actually just had a it's kind of become like a, I wouldn't say it's like political a political reaction for people because some people like really are like want to keep themselves isolated and like safe against covid it kind of really just depends on your outlook on it. Um But we actually had a like a gathering with my husband's coworkers a few days ago and like we went in and we didn't know kind of how they were going to deal with it, like if we had to go in like wearing face masks or anything and of course you're like you don't want to offend anybody like by coming in, like I'll spread my germs all over your house. Um So but but it's just it's kind of done like, again, it's like another social layer that you have to worry about. So yeah, it was it was kind of thankfully they have apparently, it seemed like they didn't really care, even though like we're in Arizona and we're one of those rising key states. Um But apparently they just, you know, and I've been like, like we're within like kind of the medical community anyway, and some I find people are worried about it based upon where you are, like if you're in like the cities and that they're a little bit more worried, but other than that if you're not in a city or if you're just like a mid sized town, you know, it's not gonna be there a big issue. So um like we were we were in like a like a mid size town when before we moved here and I think my husband's hospital went like three or four weeks about seeing a single covid patient.
Oh so it just it kind of just depends I guess.
Yeah. It just really depends.
I'd have to agree with you there and I think I feel like it's like that with walmart too because they tried to put those things on the isles where you have to walk one way but I guarantee you nobody including myself
like I yeah, nobody follows that stuff because it's I mean I don't know, I guess it's just a concentrated amount of effort that you have to put in and people are just are not used to that.
It's
Yeah. And everybody has a different, like, I wish there was a middle ground. I really do, but I think especially like right now, like, before the election, before like, whatever it is,
there's
there's just there's not going to be a middle ground because everybody's tensions are going to be high, it's always gonna be this battle between. And to be very honest with you, I've had to like, like say peace out, especially with like, although like the Black Lives Matter Movement happening and all the I've had to get off my social media because I I just can't handle it because there's going to be the extremists on each side, I can't handle everybody is afraid to like say something or they say it too much. I've had to get off because I just I can't hang with it anymore, I have to just kind of stay home. I don't really go out too much, I'm like kind of like you, I don't really go out as much um and obviously I'm in a new city so I don't know anybody here. Um But I've honestly just had to take a break because you know, even while meaning people can, you know, is for even for them, it's hard to follow regulations or you know, it's a it's a bunch of effort, it's an out of effort and it's hard. It is and I don't blame them, but it's yeah, it's hard to find that little girl. Okay.
Mhm.
Oh my gosh, Okay. That's really funny. I have literally thought about that, you know how like google like every year they come out with like a commercial like and they put like the highlights of the year and everything.
all I can see them have doing is like medical personnel doing their like Tic Tac's or whatever. Like if you see those videos or they do dancing text, I think that's like the only thing they can come up with.
Yeah. This is, it honestly has been the shittiest here and that and that at least everybody can a ground which no, no matter what side you're on, we can all agree. This has been a the shittiest year by far. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I would say like Probably since 2001. I thought I would say this has been the worst year since 2001. Probably.
Yeah. How well I'm just gonna stay home. I I just I I think it's some people think it's bad to like isolate yourself and stay within your little bubble. Um But I think to a certain extent that's not bad. Um I mean I do poke my head out every once in a while just so I stay semi informed but um I am a small person, there's not a ton I can do um Except you know raise my kids, you know I love my family, I go to the liquor store a little more often than I used to which is not right but uh but I but I got to try the line that I I have always wanted to try. So I guess that's an upside, That's the upside of 2020. So actually our our timer just went off. I don't know if you have stuff to do but are the time I just went off for our conversation so. Mhm.
Already thank you so much.
You too how do you end this? Do you just, you just end you just click the video off?
Okay. Cool, awesome. Have a good life.
Bye.