Hello.
Or your 3rd wine?
Oh, nice. So this is my second time.
How come?
assumed everyone did because this is probably the best paying thing I've ever seen on prolific.
No worries. Do your thing,
of course
colors.
Go ahead,
laura,
Pleasure. Pleasure.
Nice to meet you. Um, are you, you're in the assuming you're in the USa? Right? Cool.
Well,
okay, we're in the same time zone. I'm in California.
spoiled here.
That's a good question actually. So because of Covid, um, gas prices obviously went down drastically. So, So before COVID, um, the average price for me to fill up my tank or the average price for 89 guess was About about 3 87. How does that price sound to you? Like, like higher or?
mm
Yeah,
yeah, it's really starting to creep back up. But I was just curious like, so for me like to, when I was paying like 2 50 because of Covid, I was like, this is so amazing. It's
the cheapest I've ever paid for gas is, is wonderful. But I'm sure that's the standard everywhere else.
That's amazing.
Yeah. I mean there's, there's always pockets here and there or it's affordable, but for the most part on average, it's just, it's pretty ridiculous. It is what it is.
Um, I guess one of the perks that everyone says is that you have, um, all for types of geography. And what I mean by that is like if you wanted to, you could go to the mountains, you could go to the coast, other stuff to do inland. And I don't know if the fourth when this highlands or desserts, but something like that.
Funny you ask. I, I used to um, I used to live in the lawyer. Pretty
pretty much I guess I would say. Yeah, I lived in the Hoya from 2011 to about 2015, Then I moved like maybe 3, 3 miles south of that. So I still am pretty much right there.
How come
how can you mentioned the high specifically?
He.
Yeah. It's like um I'll explain the whole more and more in a little bit but but you do bring up something that would have been trying to do over especially or the last 3, 4 years is every day. I just remind myself just to be grateful for where I live mike I'm sure it's expensive and stuff. But just just to be able to say I live where people want a vacation. Like I I just could never take that for granted.
man.
I
bet.
I believe it.
Um right now I work at right now I work at home as a loan processor but I'm thinking um but I'm also looking at it, it's like I I enjoy it. I mean I'm I'm grateful to have it. I mean I get to work from home, it's really really easy money. Um I can have my tv on in the background the entire day while I do it.
It's all data entry. So like don't get me wrong I'm really grateful for it. But I'm also looking at an opportunity with Kaiser and I would be it be the same thing I'd be working at home data entry. I don't gotta it's all data entry. But the reason I'm looking to switch to Kaiser from loan processing is because um um Kaiser offers the company itself offers way better insurance and benefits than being alone processor
so.
Right. Right. And I just something about being a loan processor. I mean, I don't want to say it feels dirty, but I don't like, unlike the energy or vibe around it because I see come from come for confidential information all the time when people are applying for loans and I don't know, I just just the amount that you have to pay back on alone and I don't know, it just gives me just, it's great money. But I just get bad thoughts all the time about like when I'm like processing the zones, I'm like, man, I feel bad for this person that they taking out this horrible alone. Like every time I process alone and I want to call the person and be like, man, like stuff you don't need this, like it's
probably not worth how much you're gonna have to pay back. It's like, I don't want to say it's a dirty industry but it just feels kind of dirty when I'm doing the work and I'm just like uh like I feel more honest working for Kaiser too.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right now I've been working with a job recruiter and she's um already did all the paperwork and stuff I got to do for it should go right now. The process you said it's just really slow because of Covid. So she said she'll just keep me up today. Um get back in touch with me but it's not like I'm in a rush or anything like if it happens it's cool if it doesn't I'm cool with what I'm doing now so.
I believe it
War
uneasy.
Right. Makes sense.
It's um yeah it really makes you I mean obviously there are certain companies and groups of people that have thrived because of this. You know obviously companies that are like netflix, all online shopping etcetera etcetera. But for the most part you just gotta feel so so bad for all the groups companies that have been negatively affected by this. Like like even I try to think about it on the most personal individual level like like I don't but I was thinking about it was like what if I had a friend who um he like lived in an apartment was just making ends me and he worked full time at like the movie theater and just out of the blue out of the blue nowhere he's he lose his job and then he's just devastated like overnight it's devastating like now what do I do now, what I do
and then
not personally.
Yeah and then also think about the um people that are just about to enter college, like they're not going to get that whole college experience of moving into the dorms, etcetera, etcetera. Like their first year of college is all mine,
I'm in the middle, I would say. Oh,
Uh to be perfectly honest, Covid like um hasn't affected me whatsoever. The amount I go out, the amount I self isolate etcetera etcetera. Like I probably go out just as much as I did before coded. Um the only difference is when I go out, it's, you know, not to the mall or to like club or anything, it's just to someone's house. Yeah, so I'm very fortunate like Covid like hasn't affected my life whatsoever. Like I was working at home before, well, kind of working at home before Covid still doing that now, the literally the only thing that's changed for me is, you know, gyms are closed, well, they reopened now but before they were closed, so, and, and obviously the face mask thing.
Um Crazily enough, san Diego has been one of the less strict cities when it comes to Covid, we
were like Los Angeles is where they're really, where they've really tried to crack down um closed, non essential businesses, put on face masks, etcetera. But san Diego is kind of a little more lax. Um they let businesses open up a lot sooner than other areas and uh yeah, and then San Diego was definitely more Republican, a conservative than other areas of California.
That's, yeah, they're definitely when it comes to their way. Pretty conservative and Republican.
no, there's definitely the pockets, especially the more wealthy areas that are way more Republican, like lawyer is very, very conservative. Yeah.
that's great.
I see. Yeah.
It's funny you bring up the social issues because I was just thinking recently that's um one major reason that as a country we're not going to overcome this anytime soon or as fast as other nations is because we have um to differing opinions on it that are so far apart and so to overcome this, we all need to like kind of have to be on the same page. But the two different opinions on it are just so far apart. You have the one side that's like we got to wear the mask, we still got to take this seriously and then we have the other side that's like we don't need mask, everyone can go out again. Like I understand why we got to stay home and I there's there's no, at least in my opinion there is no clear middle ground. Like I see, I see facilities like starting to reopen but in limited capacity, but to me, um middle ground is just, It's it's half fast and ineffective because like for example, like let's say restaurants say we're going to reopen, but at 50% capacity, you gotta wear your mask on the way in or you got away or your mask while you're waiting for food. But I almost don't want to say it's completely useless, but I feel that it's not really that effective because Even at 50% capacity, even if you got to wear your mask on the way in, there's no way to enforce people walking past each other. There's no way to enforce um that one person who is just kind of very against it and just won't put it on unless he sees an employee walking by. There's no no way to control people touching the same bathroom handle, door, touching the same chair table. Just, that's why I feel like like semi reopening, it's it's just, it's all for show because they
no,
it's
all for show
to add another layer to the
matter.
so as we uh as we approach the halfway point of the year, next few days um Mhm once
we, once we get to the end of this year, I was thinking about it, there is no way in hell for people to be able to put a positive spin on year and rewind videos,
you're like, oh, this happened. Mhm.
the only positive spin you can put on it is let's let's learn, let's not dwell on the past, let's let's make our promises to be stronger going forward.
Just so just so out of nowhere to like, I mean it's not not only has it been an off here, it's been a Once in every 10, years kind of year.
Yeah, I can agree with that.
Already,
of course, stay safe.
I believe I believe you can just exit the link, but so long as you kept the other link open, then you're good
appreciate it you as well.