SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi, Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad about you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right. It was today spend a crazy day. I realized I realized my roommate and I realized that somebody came into our apartment last night and
SPEAKER_L: Ooh
SPEAKER_R: stole a bunch of shit. So that was crazy. So we've been I've been trying to help them figure out what what stop it is was stolen. But uh it's been pretty weird. So hopefully you're has been part of the mine.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely did not have that happen. So how do you know that something had happened?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I didn't so I had no idea, but my roommate, he uh he woke up and saw that his PS four wasn't where it normally is and he thought I moved in or something else, like a banker, I don't know. And I said no, I never touched it. So then he, you know, he he started looking around for other things that were taken and the the we have like this glass sliding door in front of us and that was like, that was like partially open. I think he said he forgot to close it or something. So that kind of explains that. So yeah, it's too bad, but I think we'll get it figured out he's supposedly called the police a few hours ago, but they said they've been too busy to come, so I'm
SPEAKER_L: but it's
SPEAKER_R: like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: important and that's the important part. But I mean you charges getting that address but man yeah that's always been something I worry about is you know I'll wake up sometime and you know I have a dream or something like oh man and all myself so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't yeah, I don't even know if anything about like insurance, about how that works because I never really owned the house or anything like that. So that's all right. But your child looks ridiculously big and my poufy and companies.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I love my setup, it's great. So lazy boy, I'm actually just about to replace it because I've had it now for more than a decade and you know chairs
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: last.
SPEAKER_R: know. Shit
SPEAKER_L: But you know that the new lazy boy quality is not quite
SPEAKER_R: rever
SPEAKER_L: as good as the old one. Super
SPEAKER_R: oh, it's not
SPEAKER_L: comfortable.
SPEAKER_R: as good. Okay. They've been cutting corners. Huh.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Sure. Yeah it used to be you buy a lazy boy was pretty much good for life uh And
SPEAKER_R: River
SPEAKER_L: now at last about 15 years or so and granted I do put it through a lot of rigor
SPEAKER_R: stress
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: testing.
SPEAKER_L: certainly certainly, you know when stuff starts falling apart and it starts moving on me and stuff like that, it's like yeah, I think it's time for you to be chair, so um
SPEAKER_R: I feel like that's definitely like a consequence of capitalism or something because I know a lot of products back in the day lasts for like it's like buy it for life. And nowadays a lot of people are trying to look for like Even like cast irons that were made like 20 years ago or something compared to like once they're being like now it's like just found that there's like no contest. So it kind of sucks whether I mean whatever.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you know that's a consequence with what the different companies are going to like. The big thing that they've been doing recently is smart technology and all sorts of different stuff, which you know sounds all good on paper, but the problem is, you know, you got all that online connectivity, it makes stuff that you know, probably has a short shelf life anyway, a little bit shorter if you don't want to pay for a subscription. One of the things like I saw recently was one of the new smart vehicles that you know, everybody is excited about, they're they're like oh yeah you're gonna get free technology and then you read the fine print for three years and
SPEAKER_R: But you're
SPEAKER_L: then your subscription from then on in order to be able to use that. I'm like, so
SPEAKER_R: no kidding.
SPEAKER_L: you spend all of this money to get the self driving technology and you've got a painting for the rest of your life in order. You said technology awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Are you, are you in a place where like electric vehicles are like
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: kind of viable? Like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: do you live in like a city
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's actually funny, I had to buy a new car a little while ago because my woman died. And the first thing I was asked was, did you get an electric vehicle? Because of course, you know, there's different tax implications and all that sort of stuff and I'm
SPEAKER_R: From
SPEAKER_L: like, you know, I like the idea, but the problem is nobody's got charging stations anywhere. So
SPEAKER_R: That's like a huge issue. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so again, it totally makes sense if you have a place that's set up for that, but again, a lot of places haven't done it. Uh I still remember there's this one great story somebody and I don't know where it was, I think somewhere in California, but they were just driving along there like, oh man, running out of juice. So they just went and plugged their car into the just some random strangers
SPEAKER_R: The station
SPEAKER_L: power.
SPEAKER_R: uh like in the garage or something. That's wild.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and of course, they were not thrilled when they saw that because they're like, oh, you know, it's not like the cost would have been that significant for one day. You know, it's not like to ask for permission, You know, they just went ahead in their car and they're like, I'll be back in a couple hours. Uh Yeah, it's one of those funny things that again, there are a lot of different, really good ideas technology wise, but sometimes, you know, people don't necessarily look at all the different things that are going on, So, uh,
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: but obviously your day has been pretty bad for, for me, it's, it's been pretty boring. I got done with work in a little while ago, so, um, other than that, it's pretty much same old as for me, so, um,
SPEAKER_R: Are you working from home now with everything going
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: on?
SPEAKER_L: that's something that definitely has affected me recently. So, uh, I would like a lot of different people for a company where they didn't really like the work from home sort of aspect. Um, we were always told, hey, you should try to have work from home opportunities as much as you can, but people didn't do it for one reason another. So, uh, with this certainly that, that's been, I guess a positive, a silver lining as far as the current situation goes. So again, it's not like the technology hasn't been there for work from home, but again, once people start actually working from home and people realize, hey, you can actually get work done from home, you know, it's a lot less of an issue as far as people having to do something,
SPEAKER_R: I mean, some people are loving it for sure. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I imagine
SPEAKER_L: have to,
SPEAKER_R: you. yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I mean the Comet alone is like a huge thing but just just a freedom to you know like do things that you need to do or whatever and not like being on the clock the whole time is a game changer for a lot of people. And I'm hoping with the with the quarantine like as it passes, companies will be more like open to the idea of it especially because they've gone through this whole test run and assuming like their their profits or efficiency hasn't like drops Uh enough for a noticeable amount. Um I would hope like that because we're commonplace or even just like the four day 10 hour or like those, those will be amazing to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. I try to ask for a schedule like that all the time. And again, the flexibility is just hard to really stress about how great it is for doing things on your personal time. Don't have to, you know, trying to get appointment during the work day or whatever to get your point. Again, a lot of people don't like that because, you know, again, there's that old mentality, well, I'll come in monday to friday
SPEAKER_R: better.
SPEAKER_L: 8 to 5, so you need a,
SPEAKER_R: Just really really bitter people.
SPEAKER_L: but uh, yeah, I know some companies have already said that they're going to do it permanently, largely
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: technology
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: companies, of course. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah of course,
SPEAKER_L: and again, it makes sense because if you've already got the technology to enable a lot of this stuff and you're able
SPEAKER_R: wherever.
SPEAKER_L: to get everything done from home, I mean what's the difference between you being there and in the office? I mean you can collaborate almost as well at home as you can in the office and again, just the flexibility as far as being able to work when you want and whatnot is really advantageous. So, um I have gotten in some bad habits, so I'm waking
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: up later
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I have been.
SPEAKER_R: are the rest? Yeah sure.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that that's uh again, it's it's interesting to see some of the things that people are going to adapt to, the new normal I guess. And um I don't know, it's definitely been a challenge, but you know, I think for the most part I've gotten used to it. I think the biggest issue for me is just getting used to the fact a lot of my old hobbies, you know, I can't really pursue the way
SPEAKER_R: applicable right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know restaurants and movies and you know
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: all that different public sort of entertainment. Uh It's kind of funny uh I guess AMC just did a big announcement that you could get 15 tickets or whatever and uh I was like okay well you're not making a profit on that. But I mean I
SPEAKER_R: Wait
SPEAKER_L: I know I
SPEAKER_R: 1515 Tickets for for what exactly like how does that work?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah 15 cents for a ticket because
SPEAKER_R: 15
SPEAKER_L: what they're doing
SPEAKER_R: cents for a ticket. Oh okay
SPEAKER_L: and their premise and I know it's more to it than just that as they say, well we're trying to celebrate the 1920 pricing for our anniversary
SPEAKER_R: 1920
SPEAKER_L: and I'm saying
SPEAKER_R: price.
SPEAKER_L: you're thinking I'm thinking you really are doing this because a lot of people don't want to go right now figure well I really don't want to go in this nice pak theater for three hours or whatever, you know. Um
SPEAKER_R: I mean the last thing the last thing I read
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: about A. M. C. Was
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: them trying
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to implement like a two seat spacing in between people? Although I think I imagine they probably close that down again. Maybe it was that still happening for you guys? I have no idea.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know. But I mean the thing is if you think about it, how much extra safety are you putting in by doing something like that because you still have people in this nice great cool
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: theater,
SPEAKER_R: close.
SPEAKER_L: three hour stops circulating, you know, all those germs around and hopefully nobody's sick is going in there, but you know, you never know.
SPEAKER_R: Did you actually I'm curious did you manage to get a jump on the movie pass thing while it was still like uh
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: So did you did you do that?
SPEAKER_R: I I managed to join it when you could like go as many times as you wanted in like a day and that was that was wild. I mean I spent like I did that during the school year, so I was like honestly like pretty bad for me. But I I enjoy going to theaters. I watched the same movie multiple times, you know?
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Well, again, you know, unlimited showings. I mean, yeah, when I heard about that, I was like, yeah, that's not gonna last
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But from the start I had no idea how they managed it was going to be sustainable. I really have no idea.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: they wanted the client base first right before they transition to like a different, different subscriber plan or something like that. Imagine, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: part of it too was they always figured that the different movie theaters were going to cut them in on concession profits and whatnot, you know give
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: them 20 and yeah, never actually works out too well because again the theaters like to have their full cut, you know, they don't care where they're getting their business from, they still want to make their money on concessions. So um I mean I I know a lot of companies are long term like that they don't mind losing money initially to get that client base and certainly you were one of the perfect examples of somebody who saw a good deal and you're like wow this. But yeah, when I first heard about movie pass it was right before they did away with the limit you know and started doing blackout
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: dates
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to a day or so or two a week or something like that. Right. I read
SPEAKER_L: But uh yeah as soon as I looked up the concept, I was like I don't think I'm gonna sign up for this because they have been around for a while and there are all sorts of people were posting about and say oh yeah you know
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: I go see 40 40 movies are really know what, you know again I like the idea on paper and uh you know it's kind of funny because fast forward to now, a lot of theaters are kind of doing the same sort of premise where you will be like you know come in and do a private showing for you and your friends and family and you know he wants vintage movies because nobody
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: else
SPEAKER_R: shot
SPEAKER_L: wants to come out with movies right now. Oh but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I always imagine they were going to leverage like how many people are now going to movies because of them as a way to like pressure the movie theaters. But yeah, that definitely didn't work out. So I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: mean it
SPEAKER_L: want to
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: accept
SPEAKER_R: have a message I'm
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: not going to uh
SPEAKER_L: you know, it would have been interesting if they would have lasted until now because I think I think
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: they probably would have
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: to make a killing, they want to make a killing
SPEAKER_L: not worked
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: out well.
SPEAKER_R: you're right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really interesting to try to see all the different stuff that's going on right now, but so are you still going to school or?
SPEAKER_R: No I uh my my roommate is but he his semester I think pushed back for sure. I mean are the school that he goes to was one that I want to before too. And they already had a really solid like online system going on where you could actually get your whole degree just based on online classes. Because I think the other thing was that the university has like a huge international a client base were given in school, there's like so many people from like Asia and other other countries going there. Um So they've been they're definitely prepared for their ready for but I don't think that
SPEAKER_L: Think
SPEAKER_R: they've
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: started it for some reason, I'm not sure why. Although one of my one of my friends, she goes to another university and her classes on her classes to online there, she's like the medical field. So like I feel like they can do it then. My my roommates, like my roommates are college can definitely do
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: it too. So I mean I don't know
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: what's going on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know when this started because of course I've been done with school for a little while at least for now, you know. Um And uh I did a couple of those online classes and to me personally, I mean it wasn't that big of a difference. Uh I mean certainly the downside was and especially for my last class where I did totally online remotely. Again, one of the benefits of doing the traditional schools that you can go network with different folks were in your,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: a huge problem.
SPEAKER_L: know make those contacts, you never know somebody you knew at that class two semesters ago might be your next or whatever, but uh psychologist, you know, I have already started that to a little bit of an extent. One of things, I think maybe a silver lining for that as far as what's going to be an outcome for this is I know like my school and I know a lot of schools that are out there, you actually got charged a premium for doing those online classes. So instead of, you know the base rate that you're paying for a traditional class, not only were you paying that rate, but you're also paying a technology fee and you know
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: anything out.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: might
SPEAKER_L: to me that's odd because again you're paying less money at the university. So why are you charging your students more for that?
SPEAKER_R: rather. Right. No, it was a complete opposite in my school. Part of the reason why I took about two online classes at my university was because they charge an extra fee to like use their labs and like their resources on campus. I'm like cut out like a few 100 bucks just like not going. I mean obviously I sacrificed some of the networking, but I did go to like I did go for like the important classes for like on campus. So it's all right. But yeah, I mean it's alright universities in America just show anyway, so I don't want to get into that, but just bleeding
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: trying.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you know, again it's it's interesting to see uh not the university level but all these different schools, K through 12 levels and what not talking about. Well, do we want to do remote only? Do we want to do a hybrid option? Do we want to do a traditional schools? You know, probably that's politics, you know, trying to go back to the traditional setup. And I think part of that, honestly, because of the whole childcare aspect, you know, parents want to have
SPEAKER_R: Then out of the house yourself
SPEAKER_L: a uh, but yeah, it's uh, you know, the big issue I think with that more anything else is regardless of what the science shows for, how bad traditional cases are for Children. And again, hopefully nobody gets stuff like that. But um, certainly the adults were teaching and, you know, staff members, you know, the the different folks for helping to support those efforts. I mean, just because the students might be okay, um, doesn't necessarily mean the different adults who are teaching, you know, but
SPEAKER_R: with that as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but not be there by the end of the school year. Right.
SPEAKER_R: So that
SPEAKER_L: So, but uh, yeah, I think a lot of people are struggling with that in general because it's kind of interesting to see how the different companies are approaching. Again, going back to what we have mentioned earlier, because some places definitely had more of a forward leaning sort of mentality. Again, work from home, especially for start ups. I would imagine a lot of companies probably tried to do that from square one because again, it makes sense. I mean, um, one of the technology I I think is certainly great for something like that is clouds. So again, a lot of that investment is not something you have to do anymore. Um, and again, if your employees are able to do everything at home as they can from the office, then why do you do the office? But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You save money on rent and stuff too. Just like the
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so, again, that's why a lot of the online retailers do as much as they do, because again, they don't have to have a lot of those traditional costs, like a target walmart Children I've had, so again, a lot of times they pass on those savings to the customer and sometimes they don't, and they just pocket the profit
SPEAKER_R: roberta.
SPEAKER_L: well. So,
SPEAKER_R: But you said you said are you intermittently going to school? Kind of like you said you wanted to go back though? Right?
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so that, that's a funny story. So I'm doing kind of an online training thing, is definitely not traditional school sort of effort. I'd love to go back. Um, because I know there are definitely some degrees I'd love to pursue if I didn't have to pay for them. Um
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: of course, once you factor that and you know, my my interest kind of knows guys with that, but certainly it's for me, education at least is something I really enjoy. So again, just learning for the sake of learning. Um, certainly some subjects are more valuable than others, but as it goes again, I know most people who are my age or older, it's largely because they want to do a major career change, you know, they're not with their, that maybe, you know, they got that great art degree, but you know, they want to go pursue a stem degree
SPEAKER_R: She worked
SPEAKER_L: or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: for a fang Of course.
SPEAKER_L: Uh, but yeah, it's, it's uh, so I've been doing like coursera, uh, that's a, I cannot say it's been my favorite online
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: learning option. I mean, I think that's kind of my challenge with CVTS sort of in general is, um, again, regardless of the networking aspect, once you put that content out there, it does kind of get stale for a lot of stuff and uh, if it's not updated to me, it's not super relevant anymore. So uh
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: going back to one of the courses I mentioned before and mining remote class, uh and this is for a computer science sort of thing. Um The textbooks we were using was five years old, and it's like, wow, back to the future over here because, you know, like yeah, we already had all this stuff happened or not happened, it's like
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: yeah, not very helpful guys.
SPEAKER_R: for like for programming though. Do you find that you need the structure of an online course to learn from? Because I know a lot of people do like self teaching, especially for programming in general. I feel like I personally need the structure on things. But do you feel like that's the same for you?
SPEAKER_L: so I think it helps. Um I think for me, a lot of the thing is is trying to teach myself, so again, I think that's very beneficial if it has some sort of interactive experience, you know, like here's how to do it, and here's an exercise, practical sort of implementation of how you can try and take this coding language and go ahead and use it. I don't think a lot of approaches currently lend themselves to that, but I definitely know that's kind of the way it's going. Um, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: one of the big platforms anymore is unity for game development. So, um, I know a lot of people really enjoy, obviously you're still learning curve, but again, if you're able to try and transfer, say, you know, passion for video games, then you can go ahead and try to develop based on that and you can get some pretty good products out of that. I mean, it's not like a lot of the older sort of tool kits that really didn't generate a very good end product. Again, it takes a lot of time and effort to try and get that state, but you know, it's an option and you've seen a lot of really good content based on that. So, again, I think for me, at least that's kind of where the value of a lot of that is, is to be able to see, you know, here's what I started with, here's a product
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: what I have, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so do
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: are you tried? I'm sorry, what was that?
SPEAKER_L: do you develop or what do you do
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I mean are you developing immunity or
SPEAKER_L: meanwhile,
SPEAKER_R: is that just an example?
SPEAKER_L: now, it's just an example because again, I'm kind of a video game in myself, so, you know, I was looking at like, do I want to do this as a hobby? And of course, you know, there is the development cost, as far as the different thing for me is the different platform distribution options, and the costs are associated with, and I know in particular, the biggest issue with Unity is while it's great to get a good looking product, I've seen a lot of lack of optimization, so, and the performance often isn't there? Um,
SPEAKER_R: All right. All
SPEAKER_L: so a lot of times I'll see that nice little Unity, uh, splash screen when the games start ups up, and I'm like, oh boy, here we go again, again, it definitely can generate some good looking content, but uh you know, if I have, you know, Frames dropping out every 20 seconds or whatever, I mean, that's not really a good user experience, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've always associated for whatever reason, I've always associated Unity as like a very entry level kind of like beginner friendly program
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: developers
SPEAKER_L: I hear.
SPEAKER_R: compared to like Unreal Engine or something like that. I went to school for game design actually, although I never I didn't graduate, but I you know played around with Unity and Unreal and like the three D. Modeling programs like autodesk and my and what that and in my experience um I've always preferred, I actually preferred uh I'm just a bit more over Unity, although Unity was easier to learn I think. Um And it's definitely really rewarding to be able to like create your own like models and test you and everything and just to bring it into like the game engine and like see it like um actually like working, you know, happening and all that,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: which is really neat. Um Unreal is actually really cool and that there is already like a ton of research down there to create like a really beautiful, you know like game world or whatever. There's like all this foliage and all these other like, you know, assets that you can use, which is like pretty wild. And then there's also the fact that you can go online and buy like, you know, whatever three D. Models you need and everything and that makes them, it makes it a lot easier. Especially how the license that I use it in your camera whatnot. So I don't see it as a hobby. I feel like can development is actually like pretty fun and rewarding. I mean there's still going to be like a lot of coding. I have to learn to actually make it like interactive and like, you know, we have to work around with it but it's it's nice, it's fun.
SPEAKER_L: definitely for its favor, anytime I see unreal, I see very good production quality, uh hardly ever performance issues. So again, I've seen some really amazing content that uh if you would have told me before I played it, that it was producing that engine, I would have told you you were kidding. Um Actually don't I know it was dating me quite a bit, but one of the games I played that was in Unreal, one of the earlier versions was lost, odyssey, so um you know, again, you kind of think J RPG doesn't really lend itself
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: to real, but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you know, when, when you play something like that, it's amazing what you can do if you got the creativity behind it. And again, that's what's impressive about something like that is you can have a fairly limited development company or individual or whatever and you can generate a very good end product,
SPEAKER_R: Rosa.
SPEAKER_L: uh does take a lot of time and effort, but, you know, again,
SPEAKER_R: that's possible.
SPEAKER_L: it's possible,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: is absolutely possible. Yeah, and again, I think that's probably the the interesting thing for me is again, talking about the innovations and technology, it used to be, you know, the different exclusivity was really huge, so for example, if something came out on Playstation two or whatever, it wasn't probably going to come out on another platform, because again, a lot of the different coding was completely different. You have to start from scratch for a different platform. And nowadays, of course it's pretty common. So, you know, you might have a time to exclusivity for, you know, six months or whatever and then, you know, out all these other platforms put on pc, you know, and then all this other stuff. So again, I think that's a good thing as far as people in general is because that way they don't have to commit to one platform or another if their number. But the downside is you do lose a lot of the uniqueness there. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course.
SPEAKER_L: again, uh you know, part of the fun is being able to play in an exclusive experience. You just cannot experience anywhere else. And uh pretty much anymore, you know, you're going to see it over where somewhere and kind of the running gag, I know a number of the games I've played is I'll play it and then a couple years down the road they come out with a remade version, you know, that that's basically a slightly new coat of paint, that's pretty much the same experience charging of course brand new price and uh and I'm sitting here thinking, wow, I'm glad I was a beta tester for you a couple of years ago, so yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: I think I think I agree with you on the remix and the Council Wars I find in general it's pretty stupid. But
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I mean there is there is some like there are people on both sides where they want their console and their games to be exclusive on the other side where they don't see the value in like not sharing that experience with everybody. I feel like timed exclusivity is like a nice little compromise between the two. Um And as far as like remakes go, I feel like for the most part of inmates kind of it is just a fresh new coat of paint. Um And although I haven't played it yet, I know I feel like Final Fantasy Seven is like the biggest remake that was made so far where like a new game is like completely different than what it was like originally based on.
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: Um Although I I know that it's only like episode one or whatever they call it so I can't really say much and I never I haven't even watched it yet so I don't really know I kind of want to wait until the other stuff parts are at least. But I
SPEAKER_L: They're waiting
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: for the inevitable, you know, best collection
SPEAKER_R: party.
SPEAKER_L: of of all, you know? Uh Yeah, I think part of my issue with that more than anything else is since it's on the Playstation Four, I'm sitting here thinking very cynically, you know, by the time they finished that third
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: title,
SPEAKER_R: gonna be on PS five
SPEAKER_L: wait, I think I would wait to be in an early adopter on that. But yeah, again, that's totally the great concept for remake. I really wish a lot more and more like that rather than, you know, we've got the exact same thing. Uh so probably more along the lines of the traditional version is Persona Five, where you know, you've got pretty much the exact same content, uh they did a little bit of tweaking to it, but for the most part it's the exact same experience they came out with a couple of years ago and they made a justification. Well, the original one was from Playstation Three and you know, this is built up from the ground up for Playstation for us, I mean, come on, it's pretty
SPEAKER_R: There's no way.
SPEAKER_L: oh, well Anyway, um we have met the 25 minute mark
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: here, so
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: um it was definitely a pleasure to talk with you and uh
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: the rest your day and you don't run into any more experiences like you do,
SPEAKER_R: thanks. Good luck with like quarantine everything as well. Don't retire but yeah take it easy.
SPEAKER_L: period,
SPEAKER_R: That's nice to me.