Hello.
Not too bad about you.
Ooh
I definitely did not have that happen. So how do you know that something had happened?
but it's
important and that's the important part. But I mean you charges getting that address but man yeah that's always been something I worry about is you know I'll wake up sometime and you know I have a dream or something like oh man and all myself so. Yeah.
Oh yeah I love my setup, it's great. So lazy boy, I'm actually just about to replace it because I've had it now for more than a decade and you know chairs
last.
But you know that the new lazy boy quality is not quite
as good as the old one. Super
comfortable.
Thanks. Sure. Yeah it used to be you buy a lazy boy was pretty much good for life uh And
now at last about 15 years or so and granted I do put it through a lot of rigor
but
certainly certainly, you know when stuff starts falling apart and it starts moving on me and stuff like that, it's like yeah, I think it's time for you to be chair, so um
yeah, you know that's a consequence with what the different companies are going to like. The big thing that they've been doing recently is smart technology and all sorts of different stuff, which you know sounds all good on paper, but the problem is, you know, you got all that online connectivity, it makes stuff that you know, probably has a short shelf life anyway, a little bit shorter if you don't want to pay for a subscription. One of the things like I saw recently was one of the new smart vehicles that you know, everybody is excited about, they're they're like oh yeah you're gonna get free technology and then you read the fine print for three years and
then your subscription from then on in order to be able to use that. I'm like, so
you spend all of this money to get the self driving technology and you've got a painting for the rest of your life in order. You said technology awesome.
what?
No,
no.
Yeah. It's actually funny, I had to buy a new car a little while ago because my woman died. And the first thing I was asked was, did you get an electric vehicle? Because of course, you know, there's different tax implications and all that sort of stuff and I'm
like, you know, I like the idea, but the problem is nobody's got charging stations anywhere. So
so again, it totally makes sense if you have a place that's set up for that, but again, a lot of places haven't done it. Uh I still remember there's this one great story somebody and I don't know where it was, I think somewhere in California, but they were just driving along there like, oh man, running out of juice. So they just went and plugged their car into the just some random strangers
power.
Yeah, and of course, they were not thrilled when they saw that because they're like, oh, you know, it's not like the cost would have been that significant for one day. You know, it's not like to ask for permission, You know, they just went ahead in their car and they're like, I'll be back in a couple hours. Uh Yeah, it's one of those funny things that again, there are a lot of different, really good ideas technology wise, but sometimes, you know, people don't necessarily look at all the different things that are going on, So, uh,
but obviously your day has been pretty bad for, for me, it's, it's been pretty boring. I got done with work in a little while ago, so, um, other than that, it's pretty much same old as for me, so, um,
so
that's something that definitely has affected me recently. So, uh, I would like a lot of different people for a company where they didn't really like the work from home sort of aspect. Um, we were always told, hey, you should try to have work from home opportunities as much as you can, but people didn't do it for one reason another. So, uh, with this certainly that, that's been, I guess a positive, a silver lining as far as the current situation goes. So again, it's not like the technology hasn't been there for work from home, but again, once people start actually working from home and people realize, hey, you can actually get work done from home, you know, it's a lot less of an issue as far as people having to do something,
I
have to,
but
Yeah, definitely. I try to ask for a schedule like that all the time. And again, the flexibility is just hard to really stress about how great it is for doing things on your personal time. Don't have to, you know, trying to get appointment during the work day or whatever to get your point. Again, a lot of people don't like that because, you know, again, there's that old mentality, well, I'll come in monday to friday
8 to 5, so you need a,
but uh, yeah, I know some companies have already said that they're going to do it permanently, largely
technology
companies, of course. Uh,
and again, it makes sense because if you've already got the technology to enable a lot of this stuff and you're able
to get everything done from home, I mean what's the difference between you being there and in the office? I mean you can collaborate almost as well at home as you can in the office and again, just the flexibility as far as being able to work when you want and whatnot is really advantageous. So, um I have gotten in some bad habits, so I'm waking
up later
than
I have been.
I don't know that that's uh again, it's it's interesting to see some of the things that people are going to adapt to, the new normal I guess. And um I don't know, it's definitely been a challenge, but you know, I think for the most part I've gotten used to it. I think the biggest issue for me is just getting used to the fact a lot of my old hobbies, you know, I can't really pursue the way
you know restaurants and movies and you know
all that different public sort of entertainment. Uh It's kind of funny uh I guess AMC just did a big announcement that you could get 15 tickets or whatever and uh I was like okay well you're not making a profit on that. But I mean I
I know I
Yeah 15 cents for a ticket because
what they're doing
and their premise and I know it's more to it than just that as they say, well we're trying to celebrate the 1920 pricing for our anniversary
and I'm saying
you're thinking I'm thinking you really are doing this because a lot of people don't want to go right now figure well I really don't want to go in this nice pak theater for three hours or whatever, you know. Um
Look,
thanks.
No.
Yeah, I don't know. But I mean the thing is if you think about it, how much extra safety are you putting in by doing something like that because you still have people in this nice great cool
theater,
three hour stops circulating, you know, all those germs around and hopefully nobody's sick is going in there, but you know, you never know.
No,
no.
So did you did you do that?
absolutely. Well, again, you know, unlimited showings. I mean, yeah, when I heard about that, I was like, yeah, that's not gonna last
now.
Well.
part of it too was they always figured that the different movie theaters were going to cut them in on concession profits and whatnot, you know give
them 20 and yeah, never actually works out too well because again the theaters like to have their full cut, you know, they don't care where they're getting their business from, they still want to make their money on concessions. So um I mean I I know a lot of companies are long term like that they don't mind losing money initially to get that client base and certainly you were one of the perfect examples of somebody who saw a good deal and you're like wow this. But yeah, when I first heard about movie pass it was right before they did away with the limit you know and started doing blackout
dates
and
But uh yeah as soon as I looked up the concept, I was like I don't think I'm gonna sign up for this because they have been around for a while and there are all sorts of people were posting about and say oh yeah you know
I go see 40 40 movies are really know what, you know again I like the idea on paper and uh you know it's kind of funny because fast forward to now, a lot of theaters are kind of doing the same sort of premise where you will be like you know come in and do a private showing for you and your friends and family and you know he wants vintage movies because nobody
else
wants to come out with movies right now. Oh but
You
want to
accept
what,
you know, it would have been interesting if they would have lasted until now because I think I think
they probably would have
had
not worked
out well.
Yeah, it's really interesting to try to see all the different stuff that's going on right now, but so are you still going to school or?
Think
something
absolutely.
thank
you.
Yeah, I know when this started because of course I've been done with school for a little while at least for now, you know. Um And uh I did a couple of those online classes and to me personally, I mean it wasn't that big of a difference. Uh I mean certainly the downside was and especially for my last class where I did totally online remotely. Again, one of the benefits of doing the traditional schools that you can go network with different folks were in your,
you
know make those contacts, you never know somebody you knew at that class two semesters ago might be your next or whatever, but uh psychologist, you know, I have already started that to a little bit of an extent. One of things, I think maybe a silver lining for that as far as what's going to be an outcome for this is I know like my school and I know a lot of schools that are out there, you actually got charged a premium for doing those online classes. So instead of, you know the base rate that you're paying for a traditional class, not only were you paying that rate, but you're also paying a technology fee and you know
anything out.
And
to me that's odd because again you're paying less money at the university. So why are you charging your students more for that?
know.
But
yeah, you know, again it's it's interesting to see uh not the university level but all these different schools, K through 12 levels and what not talking about. Well, do we want to do remote only? Do we want to do a hybrid option? Do we want to do a traditional schools? You know, probably that's politics, you know, trying to go back to the traditional setup. And I think part of that, honestly, because of the whole childcare aspect, you know, parents want to have
a uh, but yeah, it's uh, you know, the big issue I think with that more anything else is regardless of what the science shows for, how bad traditional cases are for Children. And again, hopefully nobody gets stuff like that. But um, certainly the adults were teaching and, you know, staff members, you know, the the different folks for helping to support those efforts. I mean, just because the students might be okay, um, doesn't necessarily mean the different adults who are teaching, you know, but
but not be there by the end of the school year. Right.
So, but uh, yeah, I think a lot of people are struggling with that in general because it's kind of interesting to see how the different companies are approaching. Again, going back to what we have mentioned earlier, because some places definitely had more of a forward leaning sort of mentality. Again, work from home, especially for start ups. I would imagine a lot of companies probably tried to do that from square one because again, it makes sense. I mean, um, one of the technology I I think is certainly great for something like that is clouds. So again, a lot of that investment is not something you have to do anymore. Um, and again, if your employees are able to do everything at home as they can from the office, then why do you do the office? But
yeah, so, again, that's why a lot of the online retailers do as much as they do, because again, they don't have to have a lot of those traditional costs, like a target walmart Children I've had, so again, a lot of times they pass on those savings to the customer and sometimes they don't, and they just pocket the profit
well. So,
so
yeah, so that, that's a funny story. So I'm doing kind of an online training thing, is definitely not traditional school sort of effort. I'd love to go back. Um, because I know there are definitely some degrees I'd love to pursue if I didn't have to pay for them. Um
of course, once you factor that and you know, my my interest kind of knows guys with that, but certainly it's for me, education at least is something I really enjoy. So again, just learning for the sake of learning. Um, certainly some subjects are more valuable than others, but as it goes again, I know most people who are my age or older, it's largely because they want to do a major career change, you know, they're not with their, that maybe, you know, they got that great art degree, but you know, they want to go pursue a stem degree
or whatever.
Uh, but yeah, it's, it's uh, so I've been doing like coursera, uh, that's a, I cannot say it's been my favorite online
learning option. I mean, I think that's kind of my challenge with CVTS sort of in general is, um, again, regardless of the networking aspect, once you put that content out there, it does kind of get stale for a lot of stuff and uh, if it's not updated to me, it's not super relevant anymore. So uh
going back to one of the courses I mentioned before and mining remote class, uh and this is for a computer science sort of thing. Um The textbooks we were using was five years old, and it's like, wow, back to the future over here because, you know, like yeah, we already had all this stuff happened or not happened, it's like
it's
yeah, not very helpful guys.
so I think it helps. Um I think for me, a lot of the thing is is trying to teach myself, so again, I think that's very beneficial if it has some sort of interactive experience, you know, like here's how to do it, and here's an exercise, practical sort of implementation of how you can try and take this coding language and go ahead and use it. I don't think a lot of approaches currently lend themselves to that, but I definitely know that's kind of the way it's going. Um, so
one of the big platforms anymore is unity for game development. So, um, I know a lot of people really enjoy, obviously you're still learning curve, but again, if you're able to try and transfer, say, you know, passion for video games, then you can go ahead and try to develop based on that and you can get some pretty good products out of that. I mean, it's not like a lot of the older sort of tool kits that really didn't generate a very good end product. Again, it takes a lot of time and effort to try and get that state, but you know, it's an option and you've seen a lot of really good content based on that. So, again, I think for me, at least that's kind of where the value of a lot of that is, is to be able to see, you know, here's what I started with, here's a product
that,
so do
you
like,
do you develop or what do you do
meanwhile,
now, it's just an example because again, I'm kind of a video game in myself, so, you know, I was looking at like, do I want to do this as a hobby? And of course, you know, there is the development cost, as far as the different thing for me is the different platform distribution options, and the costs are associated with, and I know in particular, the biggest issue with Unity is while it's great to get a good looking product, I've seen a lot of lack of optimization, so, and the performance often isn't there? Um,
so a lot of times I'll see that nice little Unity, uh, splash screen when the games start ups up, and I'm like, oh boy, here we go again, again, it definitely can generate some good looking content, but uh you know, if I have, you know, Frames dropping out every 20 seconds or whatever, I mean, that's not really a good user experience, you know,
that's
what
I hear.
Absolutely.
definitely for its favor, anytime I see unreal, I see very good production quality, uh hardly ever performance issues. So again, I've seen some really amazing content that uh if you would have told me before I played it, that it was producing that engine, I would have told you you were kidding. Um Actually don't I know it was dating me quite a bit, but one of the games I played that was in Unreal, one of the earlier versions was lost, odyssey, so um you know, again, you kind of think J RPG doesn't really lend itself
to real, but
you know, when, when you play something like that, it's amazing what you can do if you got the creativity behind it. And again, that's what's impressive about something like that is you can have a fairly limited development company or individual or whatever and you can generate a very good end product,
uh does take a lot of time and effort, but, you know, again,
it's possible,
is absolutely possible. Yeah, and again, I think that's probably the the interesting thing for me is again, talking about the innovations and technology, it used to be, you know, the different exclusivity was really huge, so for example, if something came out on Playstation two or whatever, it wasn't probably going to come out on another platform, because again, a lot of the different coding was completely different. You have to start from scratch for a different platform. And nowadays, of course it's pretty common. So, you know, you might have a time to exclusivity for, you know, six months or whatever and then, you know, out all these other platforms put on pc, you know, and then all this other stuff. So again, I think that's a good thing as far as people in general is because that way they don't have to commit to one platform or another if their number. But the downside is you do lose a lot of the uniqueness there. I mean,
again, uh you know, part of the fun is being able to play in an exclusive experience. You just cannot experience anywhere else. And uh pretty much anymore, you know, you're going to see it over where somewhere and kind of the running gag, I know a number of the games I've played is I'll play it and then a couple years down the road they come out with a remade version, you know, that that's basically a slightly new coat of paint, that's pretty much the same experience charging of course brand new price and uh and I'm sitting here thinking, wow, I'm glad I was a beta tester for you a couple of years ago, so yeah, but
and
actually,
They're waiting
for the inevitable, you know, best collection
of of all, you know? Uh Yeah, I think part of my issue with that more than anything else is since it's on the Playstation Four, I'm sitting here thinking very cynically, you know, by the time they finished that third
title,
wait, I think I would wait to be in an early adopter on that. But yeah, again, that's totally the great concept for remake. I really wish a lot more and more like that rather than, you know, we've got the exact same thing. Uh so probably more along the lines of the traditional version is Persona Five, where you know, you've got pretty much the exact same content, uh they did a little bit of tweaking to it, but for the most part it's the exact same experience they came out with a couple of years ago and they made a justification. Well, the original one was from Playstation Three and you know, this is built up from the ground up for Playstation for us, I mean, come on, it's pretty
oh, well Anyway, um we have met the 25 minute mark
here, so
um it was definitely a pleasure to talk with you and uh
the rest your day and you don't run into any more experiences like you do,
period,