Yeah. Hi, Hey, how are you?
I'm doing all right. It was today spend a crazy day. I realized I realized my roommate and I realized that somebody came into our apartment last night and
stole a bunch of shit. So that was crazy. So we've been I've been trying to help them figure out what what stop it is was stolen. But uh it's been pretty weird. So hopefully you're has been part of the mine.
Um So I didn't so I had no idea, but my roommate, he uh he woke up and saw that his PS four wasn't where it normally is and he thought I moved in or something else, like a banker, I don't know. And I said no, I never touched it. So then he, you know, he he started looking around for other things that were taken and the the we have like this glass sliding door in front of us and that was like, that was like partially open. I think he said he forgot to close it or something. So that kind of explains that. So yeah, it's too bad, but I think we'll get it figured out he's supposedly called the police a few hours ago, but they said they've been too busy to come, so I'm
like, okay.
I don't yeah, I don't even know if anything about like insurance, about how that works because I never really owned the house or anything like that. So that's all right. But your child looks ridiculously big and my poufy and companies.
I don't
know. Shit
rever
oh, it's not
as good. Okay. They've been cutting corners. Huh.
River
stress
testing.
I feel like that's definitely like a consequence of capitalism or something because I know a lot of products back in the day lasts for like it's like buy it for life. And nowadays a lot of people are trying to look for like Even like cast irons that were made like 20 years ago or something compared to like once they're being like now it's like just found that there's like no contest. So it kind of sucks whether I mean whatever.
But you're
no kidding.
Are you, are you in a place where like electric vehicles are like
kind of viable? Like
do you live in like a city
or
From
That's like a huge issue. Yeah. Yeah.
The station
uh like in the garage or something. That's wild.
Right.
Are you working from home now with everything going
on?
I mean, some people are loving it for sure. I mean,
I imagine
you. yeah.
I mean the Comet alone is like a huge thing but just just a freedom to you know like do things that you need to do or whatever and not like being on the clock the whole time is a game changer for a lot of people. And I'm hoping with the with the quarantine like as it passes, companies will be more like open to the idea of it especially because they've gone through this whole test run and assuming like their their profits or efficiency hasn't like drops Uh enough for a noticeable amount. Um I would hope like that because we're commonplace or even just like the four day 10 hour or like those, those will be amazing to.
better.
Just really really bitter people.
Not
good.
Yeah of course,
wherever.
That's
that's
what
are the rest? Yeah sure.
applicable right now. Yeah.
So
Wait
1515 Tickets for for what exactly like how does that work?
15
cents for a ticket. Oh okay
1920
price.
I mean the last thing the last thing I read
about A. M. C. Was
them trying
to implement like a two seat spacing in between people? Although I think I imagine they probably close that down again. Maybe it was that still happening for you guys? I have no idea.
and
close.
Did you actually I'm curious did you manage to get a jump on the movie pass thing while it was still like uh
like
no
I I managed to join it when you could like go as many times as you wanted in like a day and that was that was wild. I mean I spent like I did that during the school year, so I was like honestly like pretty bad for me. But I I enjoy going to theaters. I watched the same movie multiple times, you know?
Yeah. But from the start I had no idea how they managed it was going to be sustainable. I really have no idea.
I mean
they wanted the client base first right before they transition to like a different, different subscriber plan or something like that. Imagine, but yeah.
All
Like
to
to a day or so or two a week or something like that. Right. I read
no.
This
shot
Yeah. Yeah. I always imagine they were going to leverage like how many people are now going to movies because of them as a way to like pressure the movie theaters. But yeah, that definitely didn't work out. So I
mean it
to
have a message I'm
not going to uh
They
want
to make a killing, they want to make a killing
so
you're right. Yeah.
No I uh my my roommate is but he his semester I think pushed back for sure. I mean are the school that he goes to was one that I want to before too. And they already had a really solid like online system going on where you could actually get your whole degree just based on online classes. Because I think the other thing was that the university has like a huge international a client base were given in school, there's like so many people from like Asia and other other countries going there. Um So they've been they're definitely prepared for their ready for but I don't think that
they've
actually
started it for some reason, I'm not sure why. Although one of my one of my friends, she goes to another university and her classes on her classes to online there, she's like the medical field. So like I feel like they can do it then. My my roommates, like my roommates are college can definitely do
it too. So I mean I don't know
what's going on.
That's
a huge problem.
That's
interesting. I
might
rather. Right. No, it was a complete opposite in my school. Part of the reason why I took about two online classes at my university was because they charge an extra fee to like use their labs and like their resources on campus. I'm like cut out like a few 100 bucks just like not going. I mean obviously I sacrificed some of the networking, but I did go to like I did go for like the important classes for like on campus. So it's all right. But yeah, I mean it's alright universities in America just show anyway, so I don't want to get into that, but just bleeding
people
trying.
Then out of the house yourself
with that as well. Yeah.
So that
Yeah. You save money on rent and stuff too. Just like the
roberta.
But you said you said are you intermittently going to school? Kind of like you said you wanted to go back though? Right?
Two
Of course.
She worked
for a fang Of course.
All
huh
Got
it
for like for programming though. Do you find that you need the structure of an online course to learn from? Because I know a lot of people do like self teaching, especially for programming in general. I feel like I personally need the structure on things. But do you feel like that's the same for you?
Okay.
And
what I have, yeah.
Are
you
are you tried? I'm sorry, what was that?
Oh yeah. I mean are you developing immunity or
is that just an example?
All right. All
Yeah. I've always associated for whatever reason, I've always associated Unity as like a very entry level kind of like beginner friendly program
for
developers
compared to like Unreal Engine or something like that. I went to school for game design actually, although I never I didn't graduate, but I you know played around with Unity and Unreal and like the three D. Modeling programs like autodesk and my and what that and in my experience um I've always preferred, I actually preferred uh I'm just a bit more over Unity, although Unity was easier to learn I think. Um And it's definitely really rewarding to be able to like create your own like models and test you and everything and just to bring it into like the game engine and like see it like um actually like working, you know, happening and all that,
which is really neat. Um Unreal is actually really cool and that there is already like a ton of research down there to create like a really beautiful, you know like game world or whatever. There's like all this foliage and all these other like, you know, assets that you can use, which is like pretty wild. And then there's also the fact that you can go online and buy like, you know, whatever three D. Models you need and everything and that makes them, it makes it a lot easier. Especially how the license that I use it in your camera whatnot. So I don't see it as a hobby. I feel like can development is actually like pretty fun and rewarding. I mean there's still going to be like a lot of coding. I have to learn to actually make it like interactive and like, you know, we have to work around with it but it's it's nice, it's fun.
Hey.
No.
Rosa.
that's possible.
All
Yeah, of course.
I think I think I agree with you on the remix and the Council Wars I find in general it's pretty stupid. But
I mean there is there is some like there are people on both sides where they want their console and their games to be exclusive on the other side where they don't see the value in like not sharing that experience with everybody. I feel like timed exclusivity is like a nice little compromise between the two. Um And as far as like remakes go, I feel like for the most part of inmates kind of it is just a fresh new coat of paint. Um And although I haven't played it yet, I know I feel like Final Fantasy Seven is like the biggest remake that was made so far where like a new game is like completely different than what it was like originally based on.
Um Although I I know that it's only like episode one or whatever they call it so I can't really say much and I never I haven't even watched it yet so I don't really know I kind of want to wait until the other stuff parts are at least. But I
was
party.
It's
gonna be on PS five
There's no way.
That's
true.
of course.
thanks. Good luck with like quarantine everything as well. Don't retire but yeah take it easy.
That's nice to me.