SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah. What to court? Yeah. There we go, mm. Okay. Uh huh. They want yeah. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Where? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Oh Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's your call. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, true. Now people and author of all. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I love you need a little bad love you. Goodnight, brush your teeth. Aaron. Mhm But I'm still winning this. Probably not gonna look. Mhm. It's coming from That's my man. Saddam. A some money man. What? I told missile money man. It's for a new woman. I'll make you one that's it by one. Kind of like a hot boss here. And just because nobody is showing up, they all good. $10.50. Come on raining for after way Alice making them into clown. Mhm. Yeah, it will be more time. Okay. Yeah, but brush your teeth. Uh huh. They just get longer and longer. Oops. Something. Oh all right. It's companies right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well, mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God. Okay. What, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello. All this stupid web camp. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I just got home from work. I thought I wasn't even gonna make it to the deadline but
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: glad
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: I went a little bit longer.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, a freaking I wanted,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I told him I'd be available from 9 to 11 but I knew I was cutting it close for nine o'clock and running late, but here I am. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Glad you made it?
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Thank you. So yeah. Oh yeah
SPEAKER_L: sure
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: what to talk
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: about on these things like ever.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I know like um this is the first one I did, I signed up for like one or two of them before here but like I felt kind of nervous so I didn't even do them but I was like, you know, I just could use a little extra money right now so I'm just gonna bite the bullet into it, you
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: definitely worth it. I've done I've done this is my third one. Yeah. And uh the first two people I talked to was pretty easy. It's not been I've been too hard. It's I mean it's always awkward because you never know what to talk about. Like you don't want to give away too much information and barrel
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because you think about like where is this going to end up? You know, it's going to be on some hard drive for like 60 years from now, but Oh well, who cares?
SPEAKER_L: and they were Yeah, because they're recording us and
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah. I don't know, I love prolific. So,
SPEAKER_L: me too.
SPEAKER_R: you know, like I used to do the enter stuff years ago all the freaking time, like every spare minute and then I just kind of gave up on it and then I re found, well I found I didn't re find, I found prolific like sometimes this year and like it is so refreshing. It's like the only survey site that just feels like they're fair, they're completely fair with you. You know, some of these surveys sites sketchy, they reject you all the time, they don't pay
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: you well.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: get through like a lot of them, you get through like 20 questions and then they tell you that you don't qualify and you're like, what the heck did you give me the survey for?
SPEAKER_R: so like, I don't know, I just I fell in love with prolific this year. It's a really good service. I this is still a little sketchy, but I'm just going to get out my shell and you know, do it seventh or whatever. But
SPEAKER_L: My sister actually introduced me to prolific last year. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: she makes a lot of money on prolific. I don't have that kind time, but she like she doesn't have kids and she has really bad social anxiety so she doesn't work. So she does prolific pretty much like a full time job basically. And she makes a decent amount. I just do it on my spare time. So like I might I might go a whole month without doing prolific and then pick back up. So like when I see these, I'm like, oh yeah, it's easy 20 bucks or whatever it is. So I've been doing that.
SPEAKER_R: I picked it up and I originally I would just do it because I don't get a whole lot of free time at work, but I do get several blocks here and their free time. So at first I started just doing prolific in my free time at work, but then I was like, you know, this is kind of a nice, they pay well, they're fair, you know, so I started setting up for the alerts on my pc desktop and I do that at home now whenever I happened to see a little notification pop up, I'll be like, okay, how do you do that? And but yeah, I just, I fell in love with prolific. I don't know, like I have accounts within turk and Q me and a few others, but like I really don't pay much attention to them. I just focused on prolific and the surveys kind they kind of come sparingly. You know, it's not like there every time you click there's 10 surveys to take, you know what I'm saying? So it's like you're stuck on doing prolific all day long. But I mean, I'm sure if you're a different demographics get different surveys, so you know, maybe your sister, you know, she gets a lot more. I don't.
SPEAKER_L: She she actually finds that you get them at certain times like you'll get you'll get a lot more than when like at different times. Since you noticed that when sorry, when there's um when colleges go on vacation you get less. A
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot of them are college surveys, which
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: coach.
SPEAKER_L: is really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like Covid probably screwed that up a little bit because you know, classes being out of session for a time there, but hopefully it's again with, you know, they're doing the zoom and everything now I suppose. But um what was I gonna say? I can't remember now. Uh huh. Um Sure. Oh yeah. Something
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: All right. Um So I guess what I guess what part of the country world are you on? I know that some people have talked to people in other countries.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in usa florida, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Usa florida.
SPEAKER_R: No way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've talked and I've spoke to somebody in yeah once a new Jersey and then California.
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: But the guy from California told me he was talking to somebody from like India who
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: spoke english. So very interesting. A lot different um demographic and stuff like that that we
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: can talk to and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's kind of interesting, I wouldn't mind doing this more often, I mean I get sometimes I'm like two different people sometimes, like I have my extroverted self and then I have my introverted self and but I want to mind doing these just meeting you know, people from random parts of the world and stuff that might uh
SPEAKER_L: mostly mostly introverted. But like if I know people well enough I become extroverted I guess.
SPEAKER_R: right, I'm kind of like that too, but
SPEAKER_L: All right. They want us to keep it going smooth. It's so hard to like on the spot of smooth transitions and.
SPEAKER_R: right, I forgot I was so worried about just getting here to be time. I get I don't I don't currently transport myself, so I depend on a ride and I was like Hugh ming because the ride had to stop and get food and I was like oh my God I made it. But
SPEAKER_L: Right. What do you, so what do you do for work? Um I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: worked, yeah, I work in a hospital but it's not I'm not like a nurse or a doctor or anything. I'm I've worked in the kitchen mostly just making sure the meals are correct and stuff. So it's a
SPEAKER_L: No, some people who do that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's not horrible but it's not great but it's uh you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm a stay at home mom. So it's
SPEAKER_R: Look you're sick. Fair enough.
SPEAKER_L: the surface
SPEAKER_R: Get home.
SPEAKER_L: doesn't pay great. Ah
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: most likely to say I keep thinking about, there's something I was going to say. Oh yeah prolific. I tend to be a night out. So like I think I do miss a lot of surveys when I'm sleeping, you know what I'm saying? Because a lot of the colleges are probably going to release those surveys like six a.m. Eight A. M. 10 a.m. New. Meanwhile I usually get up like 10 a.m. 11 A. M. Noon. So I've already missed like that first big block of surveys. But it is what it is.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like my sister said it usually happens like there's usually a rush of them early in the am and then like right before dinner time, I want to say there's a rush of them. I noticed that uh I get a lot right around 3 34 o'clock in the afternoon because I'll be like on my phone or about to leave the house and I've got 12 surveys that I can do, but I can't do them because I got to take my daughter to dance or something
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get that constantly where I'll go to check my, I'll be at work and I'll go to check prolific and there will be a lot of surveys, but they'll have the icon where they only want you taking it on the desktop and I'll be like, uh and there's like 10 bucks sitting right here, but I only got my cell phone.
SPEAKER_L: Some of them you can still do on your cell phone. My sister taught me that trick. Like sometimes you can still pull it off on your cell phone. But like some some of them will kick you out and it doesn't, I don't think it hurts you. I don't have any um negative things on mine from it. But like it'll tell you once you go into it, it'll say it, but then it'll say this can only be done on a Pc or something like that. Okay, now let's go. But
SPEAKER_R: I'll have
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: done quite a few of them on my phone that say only for Pc.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right, okay. I'll try that out. Uh in the future.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's interesting. More. More often than not. You can do them on your cell phone to I mean I would say there's some that you have to use your keyboard for for like I do something like pictures and you have to like hit the left key or the L. Key for a certain word and a Q percent word type of stuff like that. You can't do those ones. But there's some other ones that you can do right?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Have you ever tried,
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: have you ever took those surveys where they like show the picture of people's faces and then they show the words and it's either a negative word or a positive word and you have to hit a particular key, whether it's a person's white complexion or dark complexion and whether it's a negative word or a positive word.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've done a couple of them like that. Um I would say there are some of them are different. So some of them are like uh the complexion of the skin. Some of them are like this this person got an angry face and I'm like sir. I guess maybe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I did one where it was like just showing people's eyes one day and like you had to guess their emotions just based on their eyes and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: just did that one too. I'm so sorry. I didn't do it here dinner. I didn't do. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Um Why don't you get a fruit, a graph? The dad did you give them crackers? Mhm. Nothing cracker through. Sorry, toddler problems.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Go out to sea for a graham cracker. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Four years old and refuses to eat. Yeah. It's the very independent sometimes. Uh Yeah. I've done I've done quite a few prolific studies. I can't I've also done like you me I've tried que me I've tried, there's a couple that I've tried. There was one thing where you could like take pictures of yourself in aisles at grocery stores with certain things. Is that a couple of times made like 12 bucks off of that? And then I was didn't get any more after that. I did like two or one.
SPEAKER_R: Or have you tried testable minds?
SPEAKER_L: I have not.
SPEAKER_R: It's, it's sort of like prolific, but it's, they don't pay quite as good. And there the surveys are like very sparse, like I get like maybe one or two a month, but they're like, they're similar to prolific by like, it seemed like a lot of like college professor type people study doing this stuff rather than like you, me and mturk. It feels like it's like a lot of corporate stuff, you know what I'm saying? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's one thing that I like about prolific. Is it more I guess more like scientific base college type stuff where uh like you mean like you said is geared towards um corporations trying to find out like where their product lies and kind of like boring stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And yeah, que me also tends to like rip you off too, and like you were saying, uh you answer 20 questions and then suddenly they're like, oh, you don't qualify. It's like, okay, I just spent 10 minutes taking your survey though. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Right. You're like 10 minutes of my time wasted and nothing to show for it. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: that's kind
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: home,
SPEAKER_R: things that like uh well spending money things, so right, I tried to save my paychecks and then I try to use my prolific slash Q me money as my little by little trinkets and knick knack money. So like it um I don't know where I was going with that thought, just trying to keep the conversation going.
SPEAKER_L: Right now that's what me and my sister do is uh like if my husband is like very uh mindful of like our money and where everything goes. So when I get prolific money I can go like, oh I want something like a holiday decoration or something like that and he won't question it. So it just, it's just easier that way. I like doing that.
SPEAKER_R: that's how I treated kind I set myself a little goal, okay, I want to get, you know, 70 prolific books so I can buy this set of new books, you know what I'm saying? Oh, but then the whole another problem comes in with, once you get it in the papal, some weird stuff happens sometimes. Like the other day I went to buy a book off of Ebay with my prolific money and somehow I don't know what happened. Maybe I didn't have quite enough in my paypal balance, but it went and it charged my bank account for the purchase I was gonna make and my bank account, I only keep one of them, I only keep the very minimum amount in there to avoid things. So I went under. So I know I'm going to get a freaking, you know, uh, overdraft fee or whatever that was really frustrating. But you know what?
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: You, I'm not gonna question it. I'm just gonna eat it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sometimes um because I have like we have to go into the papal to change the currency
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: home?
SPEAKER_L: you okay, get a drink so we have to change the currency and stuff and sometimes I'll forget to do that and then I'll be like really mad at myself. But um, and like you said, my husband, he also keeps certain amount of money and his in like a certain part of the bank account and then transfers what we need to come out of there. So that gets frustrated.
SPEAKER_R: I know like I've had a few issues
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: with recently, not all prolific based either. Like I went to buy something on Ebay the other day with a credit card and I didn't realize I was purchasing purchasing it from the U. K. Well I didn't think it mattered but then all of a sudden
SPEAKER_L: done
SPEAKER_R: I get
SPEAKER_L: in the cupcake.
SPEAKER_R: foreign transaction
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: food.
SPEAKER_L: maybe go on, put the call. Food color. Found it. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: It's okay.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah
SPEAKER_L: you got
SPEAKER_R: I bought something with a credit card that happened to be in the United Kingdom. So then my credit card slapped a foreign transaction fee on top of my purchase and I was like it was only like $5 but still like it was just you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So much.
SPEAKER_R: mentally at first when when I was talking to the credit card, people about it, they were making it seem like it was the
SPEAKER_L: What? Did he insane.
SPEAKER_R: a person I purchase it from
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: who did that charge on top. So I got you know confronted the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: person
SPEAKER_L: need your
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: he's like no I wouldn't do that. And finally the crazy, you're like, oh well extra fee because you did the something in other than dollars and like why didn't you just tell me that in the first place? You know is
SPEAKER_L: go talk to daddy. He's trying to give you something. I'm sorry. Like he wants a piece of candy now. Oh, come on. Yeah, That's crazy. I, I don't know. I don't usually order off with Ebay, my sisters us super like, you gotta be careful of ordering off of Ebay and I'm like, yeah don't do it. I don't know why.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was always there to be bay to until this year and I found a really good deal on something. I looked something up on amazon and then on Ebay and it was like $20 cheaper on Ebay ever since then I've been uh, you know, kind of price comparison between the two and usually I can get a better deal on Ebay, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've noticed a lot more like stores I guess are selling on Ebay, like it's kind of turned into similar to amazon unless people selling like they like what it used to be when I was in high school you go on there and find just about any phone use kind of like craig's list I guess, but it's turned more into um smaller, smaller sales like boutique, almost dish kind of like amazon I guess. I've just noticed that like from searching yeah, looking for and I will take me to Ebay and I'm like, that's interesting actually I saw that um what is that company best buy sells through Ebay? Yeah, I saw that last christmas time, I think I was looking to get the kids a T. V. And I noticed that was kind of interesting thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I like Ebay, I just, I just freaking just this year just like with prolific. I just started trying even and I really like it horrific and even don't
SPEAKER_L: this is okay. Um
SPEAKER_R: sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sure how
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: old speaking this
SPEAKER_R: there we
SPEAKER_L: custom?
SPEAKER_R: are at like 9, 10 men, oh,
SPEAKER_L: I was just about 9 10
SPEAKER_R: so we got like 20 minutes, we gotta
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: make
SPEAKER_L: to go
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: 25.
SPEAKER_R: right, we're almost there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I I think is usually so usually we find a lot of commonalities I guess like the guy from California and that was from California. I think he had a lot of family in michigan, I'm from michigan I don't know do you know anybody from michigan or anything like that
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: or from
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: florida
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: originally?
SPEAKER_R: so many michigan transplants in florida, I meet so many, it's hard to name names and think, but it just seems like a very common thing. I can picture like two people right now, but I'm sure it's probably closer to 10 people I've met that are from michigan, you know, it seems like a common migration that happens.
SPEAKER_L: Are you originally from florida?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Born and raised, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: My husband is too, he's what keeps me here? I do not like florida heat. Uh I prefer cold so I can fund a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I can't stand the cold. I've got a I've got a cousin who lives in Arizona and she loves it. She's and she comes to visit here every now and then and she's like, you don't understand this isn't the type of heat that I like, I don't like florida heat, I like zona g it's much different. I have only experienced that long time because I haven't been there.
SPEAKER_L: I have a friend that's from Arizona and she says it's different too but I don't know if I want Arizona heat because I
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: feel like
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: it gets to higher temperatures than it does in florida. I personally like 62 50 degree weather. Wish it was that way year round somewhere that
SPEAKER_R: Id
SPEAKER_L: would be minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I just I'm not a fan of cold at all, I'll start shivering at about 60 maybe. Like I do not.
SPEAKER_L: I get I get cold easily but I like like I don't like going outside and just melting. I need it.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I know,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: I'm just,
SPEAKER_L: I stay inside until it starts to cool off and then I'm like okay outdoors for as long as we can.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I was just
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: born into it, so I'm used to it, but yeah, but yeah, it is uncomfortable but humanity and stuff, but I don't know, I just deal with it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well you live here, you got to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What else, what else you like college football?
SPEAKER_L: A little bit. I will watch college football. We are uh florida fans here and I am a michigan fan. Yes. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, both my
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: parents graduated from University of florida, so that was ingrained into me to from an early age then they haven't been doing so well these last few years and they haven't they didn't even play on saturday. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh they didn't I haven't watched football at all this year.
SPEAKER_R: they were actually
SPEAKER_L: My husband
SPEAKER_R: they were ranked high this year, but then just they lost a week ago, and then last week half the team got Covid, so they just didn't even play. Hopefully they'll reschedule, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that sucks. Uh
SPEAKER_R: But honestly they weren't looking so good, it was probably going to be a bad year, so maybe it's better
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: all catch Covid, I mean, not to be, not to wish bad things on them, but you know
SPEAKER_L: right? But isn't having the losses.
SPEAKER_R: right there. I first need them having a few more losses this year, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I'll watch football but I'm not like a diehard football fan. My husband will scream at the tv and stuff like that. But I'm just like if he's at work and wants me to watch, if you wanted me to watch a game for him, I could watch a game and tell them what's happening. But now with everybody having it on their cell phones I don't need to
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm not too big into sports either, but University of florida football and sometimes basketball, it's just my one little sport I pay attention to. I don't care about anything else.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I like watching. I will watch like when when the sorry words are hard when michigan and florida play each other. I'll watch that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure that,
SPEAKER_L: I'll go to football games. Like if if he wanted to go to a football game, we go to football games. Things of his trying to get me to go to a jaguars game this weekend. I'm not I don't know about Covid and go into the ball games with Covid right now. Well
SPEAKER_R: to avoid stuff like that,
SPEAKER_L: yeah so mhm. Uh But it would be fine. I want we've been wanting to take the kids to go, but I just and I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: know about with Covid with the four year old, he's the demanding little stink sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: you're not even gonna be able to trick or treat them, are you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, we're doing an outdoor because we have a huge yard, so we're gonna do like a little um trunk or treat type thing with some of our family and friends just kind of keep it close, but everything is gonna be done outside. Yeah, so we bought a bunch of candy and we're trying to make sure that all the can the kids get to go home with the same amount of candy that they would have if they went trick or treating for real.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Nice. Yeah. I don't have any kids or anything but I was just wondering about that for kids this year like what they were gonna do, you know?
SPEAKER_L: So people are wanting to still take their kids trick or treating. There's a lot of people I guess, but like my sister is in this one group where you
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: can um there's an app where you can say yes or no, you're handing out candy. And to when we last looked, there were only two houses in her neighborhood that we're handing out candy and usually her neighborhood is big on handing out candy. So, and then with, it's kind of been like trigger treating isn't what it was when we were kids, you go and like every fourth house is handing out. Uh huh. And so it kind of sucks like you're walking miles and miles to get a bunch of candy and then everybody's tired. Like we go in big groups were losing Children. Like I personally like dressing up like we dress it up only five. We always do
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: like a whole family costume, but I personally hate trick or treating love dressing up hatred or threatening. So I'm kind of excited for a party. Not
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Kind of couple of stuff you don't like out of it and put the good
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then when we were shopping for candy, I was like, hey, we get to buy all of the good candy
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and none of the stuff that gets left over and the kids, it's going to be there in the bucket. So there's like, it's a win win.
SPEAKER_R: That's what
SPEAKER_L: We have to spend a bunch of money on candy, but
SPEAKER_R: name. I mean
SPEAKER_L: it'll be
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: alternative would probably be a lot worse and the kids will be happy from that. So it sounds like a plan.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it'll be fun. We're looking forward to it. We've got a good handful of people coming. I figure with and we're going to do goody bags instead of bowls because I was just like, one of my biggest concerns with trigger treating was the kids, hundreds of kids reaching their hands and bowls. That's candy. I'm like, mm, I don't think I want to do that. And
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: uh, the kids are jeremy. And
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: then another concern was, there's always those kids that don't know boundaries and they walk into stranger's houses and we have a couple of them in our group, so I'm like, I don't, I really don't like to country, but yeah, it will be fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It sounds like it would be a good time. Make the kids will have you know the kids will have good memories and they'll have they'll get can Yeah it'll it'll recreate I mean it won't be 100% the experience that maybe me and you had trick or treating this year, but it'll be close and it'll be a good memory probably so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And I mean we we have a huge yard, so I'm like, I'm going all out decorating, creating a cemetery and uh we're having like, my whole family is dressing up as clowns, like killer clowns or whatever Children's ideas. So we're kind of doing like a clown theme for our little area. We have a a couple of families or family members that will pull their cars around to our big backyard and they'll have like lights in their cars and stuff like that. It'll be fun now have a bonfire and
SPEAKER_R: It sounds cool. Well,
SPEAKER_L: think we've made it.
SPEAKER_R: they re made it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I've got to get back to making my Halloween stuff here soon. I'm turning some skeletons into clowns so I have to make their wigs.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. What have fun with your Halloween backyard thing? It sounds like it would be nice.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. And you, I guess have fun at work. And I don't know what your plans are for Halloween. So
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: region.
SPEAKER_L: don't have kids.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's I'll just sit around and watch some Halloween movies or something I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Alright. Well, nice talking to you. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: You too. But
SPEAKER_R: But on your prolific journeys. Uh
SPEAKER_L: thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: But.