Oh God. Okay. What, wow.
Hello. All this stupid web camp. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I just got home from work. I thought I wasn't even gonna make it to the deadline but
I
guess
yeah, a freaking I wanted,
I told him I'd be available from 9 to 11 but I knew I was cutting it close for nine o'clock and running late, but here I am. Uh huh.
Thank you. Thank you. So yeah. Oh yeah
it
was
yeah, I know like um this is the first one I did, I signed up for like one or two of them before here but like I felt kind of nervous so I didn't even do them but I was like, you know, I just could use a little extra money right now so I'm just gonna bite the bullet into it, you
know?
Yeah. Because you think about like where is this going to end up? You know, it's going to be on some hard drive for like 60 years from now, but Oh well, who cares?
Right. Right. Yeah. I don't know, I love prolific. So,
you know, like I used to do the enter stuff years ago all the freaking time, like every spare minute and then I just kind of gave up on it and then I re found, well I found I didn't re find, I found prolific like sometimes this year and like it is so refreshing. It's like the only survey site that just feels like they're fair, they're completely fair with you. You know, some of these surveys sites sketchy, they reject you all the time, they don't pay
you well.
So,
so like, I don't know, I just I fell in love with prolific this year. It's a really good service. I this is still a little sketchy, but I'm just going to get out my shell and you know, do it seventh or whatever. But
that's
I picked it up and I originally I would just do it because I don't get a whole lot of free time at work, but I do get several blocks here and their free time. So at first I started just doing prolific in my free time at work, but then I was like, you know, this is kind of a nice, they pay well, they're fair, you know, so I started setting up for the alerts on my pc desktop and I do that at home now whenever I happened to see a little notification pop up, I'll be like, okay, how do you do that? And but yeah, I just, I fell in love with prolific. I don't know, like I have accounts within turk and Q me and a few others, but like I really don't pay much attention to them. I just focused on prolific and the surveys kind they kind of come sparingly. You know, it's not like there every time you click there's 10 surveys to take, you know what I'm saying? So it's like you're stuck on doing prolific all day long. But I mean, I'm sure if you're a different demographics get different surveys, so you know, maybe your sister, you know, she gets a lot more. I don't.
Yeah.
the
coach.
Yeah. And like Covid probably screwed that up a little bit because you know, classes being out of session for a time there, but hopefully it's again with, you know, they're doing the zoom and everything now I suppose. But um what was I gonna say? I can't remember now. Uh huh. Um Sure. Oh yeah. Something
about
I'm in usa florida, how about you?
No way.
Who
what?
No.
Yeah it's kind of interesting, I wouldn't mind doing this more often, I mean I get sometimes I'm like two different people sometimes, like I have my extroverted self and then I have my introverted self and but I want to mind doing these just meeting you know, people from random parts of the world and stuff that might uh
right, I'm kind of like that too, but
right, I forgot I was so worried about just getting here to be time. I get I don't I don't currently transport myself, so I depend on a ride and I was like Hugh ming because the ride had to stop and get food and I was like oh my God I made it. But
I
worked, yeah, I work in a hospital but it's not I'm not like a nurse or a doctor or anything. I'm I've worked in the kitchen mostly just making sure the meals are correct and stuff. So it's a
yeah it's not horrible but it's not great but it's uh you know. Yeah.
Look you're sick. Fair enough.
Get home.
But
most likely to say I keep thinking about, there's something I was going to say. Oh yeah prolific. I tend to be a night out. So like I think I do miss a lot of surveys when I'm sleeping, you know what I'm saying? Because a lot of the colleges are probably going to release those surveys like six a.m. Eight A. M. 10 a.m. New. Meanwhile I usually get up like 10 a.m. 11 A. M. Noon. So I've already missed like that first big block of surveys. But it is what it is.
I don't
know.
Yeah, I get that constantly where I'll go to check my, I'll be at work and I'll go to check prolific and there will be a lot of surveys, but they'll have the icon where they only want you taking it on the desktop and I'll be like, uh and there's like 10 bucks sitting right here, but I only got my cell phone.
I'll have
to.
Right. Right, okay. I'll try that out. Uh in the future.
Right. Have you ever tried,
have you ever took those surveys where they like show the picture of people's faces and then they show the words and it's either a negative word or a positive word and you have to hit a particular key, whether it's a person's white complexion or dark complexion and whether it's a negative word or a positive word.
I did one where it was like just showing people's eyes one day and like you had to guess their emotions just based on their eyes and
that.
it's okay.
it's okay. Yeah.
Uh huh,
Or have you tried testable minds?
It's, it's sort of like prolific, but it's, they don't pay quite as good. And there the surveys are like very sparse, like I get like maybe one or two a month, but they're like, they're similar to prolific by like, it seemed like a lot of like college professor type people study doing this stuff rather than like you, me and mturk. It feels like it's like a lot of corporate stuff, you know what I'm saying? Yeah.
Yeah. And yeah, que me also tends to like rip you off too, and like you were saying, uh you answer 20 questions and then suddenly they're like, oh, you don't qualify. It's like, okay, I just spent 10 minutes taking your survey though. Uh
that's kind
of
things that like uh well spending money things, so right, I tried to save my paychecks and then I try to use my prolific slash Q me money as my little by little trinkets and knick knack money. So like it um I don't know where I was going with that thought, just trying to keep the conversation going.
that's how I treated kind I set myself a little goal, okay, I want to get, you know, 70 prolific books so I can buy this set of new books, you know what I'm saying? Oh, but then the whole another problem comes in with, once you get it in the papal, some weird stuff happens sometimes. Like the other day I went to buy a book off of Ebay with my prolific money and somehow I don't know what happened. Maybe I didn't have quite enough in my paypal balance, but it went and it charged my bank account for the purchase I was gonna make and my bank account, I only keep one of them, I only keep the very minimum amount in there to avoid things. So I went under. So I know I'm going to get a freaking, you know, uh, overdraft fee or whatever that was really frustrating. But you know what?
You, I'm not gonna question it. I'm just gonna eat it. Yeah.
You
home?
I know like I've had a few issues
with recently, not all prolific based either. Like I went to buy something on Ebay the other day with a credit card and I didn't realize I was purchasing purchasing it from the U. K. Well I didn't think it mattered but then all of a sudden
I get
foreign transaction
food.
It's okay.
But yeah
I bought something with a credit card that happened to be in the United Kingdom. So then my credit card slapped a foreign transaction fee on top of my purchase and I was like it was only like $5 but still like it was just you know,
mentally at first when when I was talking to the credit card, people about it, they were making it seem like it was the
a person I purchase it from
who did that charge on top. So I got you know confronted the
person
and
he's like no I wouldn't do that. And finally the crazy, you're like, oh well extra fee because you did the something in other than dollars and like why didn't you just tell me that in the first place? You know is
Yeah, I was always there to be bay to until this year and I found a really good deal on something. I looked something up on amazon and then on Ebay and it was like $20 cheaper on Ebay ever since then I've been uh, you know, kind of price comparison between the two and usually I can get a better deal on Ebay, so.
I like Ebay, I just, I just freaking just this year just like with prolific. I just started trying even and I really like it horrific and even don't
sure
no,
there we
are at like 9, 10 men, oh,
so we got like 20 minutes, we gotta
make
it
right, we're almost there. Yeah,
it's
if
there's
so many michigan transplants in florida, I meet so many, it's hard to name names and think, but it just seems like a very common thing. I can picture like two people right now, but I'm sure it's probably closer to 10 people I've met that are from michigan, you know, it seems like a common migration that happens.
Yeah. Born and raised, yeah,
I can't stand the cold. I've got a I've got a cousin who lives in Arizona and she loves it. She's and she comes to visit here every now and then and she's like, you don't understand this isn't the type of heat that I like, I don't like florida heat, I like zona g it's much different. I have only experienced that long time because I haven't been there.
My
way.
Id
I don't know, I just I'm not a fan of cold at all, I'll start shivering at about 60 maybe. Like I do not.
I know, I know,
I'm just,
I guess I was just
born into it, so I'm used to it, but yeah, but yeah, it is uncomfortable but humanity and stuff, but I don't know, I just deal with it.
What else, what else you like college football?
Yeah, both my
parents graduated from University of florida, so that was ingrained into me to from an early age then they haven't been doing so well these last few years and they haven't they didn't even play on saturday. So yeah,
they were actually
they were ranked high this year, but then just they lost a week ago, and then last week half the team got Covid, so they just didn't even play. Hopefully they'll reschedule, so yeah.
But honestly they weren't looking so good, it was probably going to be a bad year, so maybe it's better
all catch Covid, I mean, not to be, not to wish bad things on them, but you know
right there. I first need them having a few more losses this year, so
yeah, I'm not too big into sports either, but University of florida football and sometimes basketball, it's just my one little sport I pay attention to. I don't care about anything else.
I'm sure that,
to avoid stuff like that,
Well,
you're not even gonna be able to trick or treat them, are you?
Nice. Nice. Yeah. I don't have any kids or anything but I was just wondering about that for kids this year like what they were gonna do, you know?
Well.
So.
Right. Right. Kind of couple of stuff you don't like out of it and put the good
stuff.
All
That's what
name. I mean
the
alternative would probably be a lot worse and the kids will be happy from that. So it sounds like a plan.
That's
don't
Yeah. It sounds like it would be a good time. Make the kids will have you know the kids will have good memories and they'll have they'll get can Yeah it'll it'll recreate I mean it won't be 100% the experience that maybe me and you had trick or treating this year, but it'll be close and it'll be a good memory probably so.
It sounds cool. Well,
they re made it.
Oh my gosh. What have fun with your Halloween backyard thing? It sounds like it would be nice.
No,
region.
No, it's I'll just sit around and watch some Halloween movies or something I don't know.
Nice to meet you.
But on your prolific journeys. Uh
Thank you.
But.