Oh my God. Yeah. What to court? Yeah. There we go, mm. Okay. Uh huh. They want yeah. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Where? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Oh Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's your call. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, true. Now people and author of all. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I love you need a little bad love you. Goodnight, brush your teeth. Aaron. Mhm But I'm still winning this. Probably not gonna look. Mhm. It's coming from That's my man. Saddam. A some money man. What? I told missile money man. It's for a new woman. I'll make you one that's it by one. Kind of like a hot boss here. And just because nobody is showing up, they all good. $10.50. Come on raining for after way Alice making them into clown. Mhm. Yeah, it will be more time. Okay. Yeah, but brush your teeth. Uh huh. They just get longer and longer. Oops. Something. Oh all right. It's companies right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well, mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Hello?
I'm
glad
I went a little bit longer.
What?
Glad you made it?
sure
what to talk
about on these things like ever.
It's
definitely worth it. I've done I've done this is my third one. Yeah. And uh the first two people I talked to was pretty easy. It's not been I've been too hard. It's I mean it's always awkward because you never know what to talk about. Like you don't want to give away too much information and barrel
and they were Yeah, because they're recording us and
me too.
Hey,
you
get through like a lot of them, you get through like 20 questions and then they tell you that you don't qualify and you're like, what the heck did you give me the survey for?
My sister actually introduced me to prolific last year. Yes,
she makes a lot of money on prolific. I don't have that kind time, but she like she doesn't have kids and she has really bad social anxiety so she doesn't work. So she does prolific pretty much like a full time job basically. And she makes a decent amount. I just do it on my spare time. So like I might I might go a whole month without doing prolific and then pick back up. So like when I see these, I'm like, oh yeah, it's easy 20 bucks or whatever it is. So I've been doing that.
She she actually finds that you get them at certain times like you'll get you'll get a lot more than when like at different times. Since you noticed that when sorry, when there's um when colleges go on vacation you get less. A
lot of them are college surveys, which
I think
is really interesting.
What?
All right. Um So I guess what I guess what part of the country world are you on? I know that some people have talked to people in other countries.
Usa florida.
Yeah I've talked and I've spoke to somebody in yeah once a new Jersey and then California.
But the guy from California told me he was talking to somebody from like India who
spoke english. So very interesting. A lot different um demographic and stuff like that that we
can talk to and
mostly mostly introverted. But like if I know people well enough I become extroverted I guess.
All right. They want us to keep it going smooth. It's so hard to like on the spot of smooth transitions and.
Right. What do you, so what do you do for work? Um I
guess.
No, some people who do that.
Well I'm a stay at home mom. So it's
the surface
doesn't pay great. Ah
But
I feel like my sister said it usually happens like there's usually a rush of them early in the am and then like right before dinner time, I want to say there's a rush of them. I noticed that uh I get a lot right around 3 34 o'clock in the afternoon because I'll be like on my phone or about to leave the house and I've got 12 surveys that I can do, but I can't do them because I got to take my daughter to dance or something
like
that.
Some of them you can still do on your cell phone. My sister taught me that trick. Like sometimes you can still pull it off on your cell phone. But like some some of them will kick you out and it doesn't, I don't think it hurts you. I don't have any um negative things on mine from it. But like it'll tell you once you go into it, it'll say it, but then it'll say this can only be done on a Pc or something like that. Okay, now let's go. But
I've
done quite a few of them on my phone that say only for Pc.
Yeah, it's interesting. More. More often than not. You can do them on your cell phone to I mean I would say there's some that you have to use your keyboard for for like I do something like pictures and you have to like hit the left key or the L. Key for a certain word and a Q percent word type of stuff like that. You can't do those ones. But there's some other ones that you can do right?
So.
Yeah. I've done a couple of them like that. Um I would say there are some of them are different. So some of them are like uh the complexion of the skin. Some of them are like this this person got an angry face and I'm like sir. I guess maybe. Yeah.
I
just did that one too. I'm so sorry. I didn't do it here dinner. I didn't do. Sorry.
Um Why don't you get a fruit, a graph? The dad did you give them crackers? Mhm. Nothing cracker through. Sorry, toddler problems.
Go out to sea for a graham cracker. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Four years old and refuses to eat. Yeah. It's the very independent sometimes. Uh Yeah. I've done I've done quite a few prolific studies. I can't I've also done like you me I've tried que me I've tried, there's a couple that I've tried. There was one thing where you could like take pictures of yourself in aisles at grocery stores with certain things. Is that a couple of times made like 12 bucks off of that? And then I was didn't get any more after that. I did like two or one.
I have not.
Yeah. I think that's one thing that I like about prolific. Is it more I guess more like scientific base college type stuff where uh like you mean like you said is geared towards um corporations trying to find out like where their product lies and kind of like boring stuff.
Uh huh Right. You're like 10 minutes of my time wasted and nothing to show for it. Oh,
as
home,
Right now that's what me and my sister do is uh like if my husband is like very uh mindful of like our money and where everything goes. So when I get prolific money I can go like, oh I want something like a holiday decoration or something like that and he won't question it. So it just, it's just easier that way. I like doing that.
Great.
Yeah. Sometimes um because I have like we have to go into the papal to change the currency
and
you okay, get a drink so we have to change the currency and stuff and sometimes I'll forget to do that and then I'll be like really mad at myself. But um, and like you said, my husband, he also keeps certain amount of money and his in like a certain part of the bank account and then transfers what we need to come out of there. So that gets frustrated.
I was
done
in the cupcake.
I'm
maybe go on, put the call. Food color. Found it. Sorry.
No,
you got
Yes. So much.
What? Did he insane.
Hello?
I
need your
and
go talk to daddy. He's trying to give you something. I'm sorry. Like he wants a piece of candy now. Oh, come on. Yeah, That's crazy. I, I don't know. I don't usually order off with Ebay, my sisters us super like, you gotta be careful of ordering off of Ebay and I'm like, yeah don't do it. I don't know why.
Yeah, I've noticed a lot more like stores I guess are selling on Ebay, like it's kind of turned into similar to amazon unless people selling like they like what it used to be when I was in high school you go on there and find just about any phone use kind of like craig's list I guess, but it's turned more into um smaller, smaller sales like boutique, almost dish kind of like amazon I guess. I've just noticed that like from searching yeah, looking for and I will take me to Ebay and I'm like, that's interesting actually I saw that um what is that company best buy sells through Ebay? Yeah, I saw that last christmas time, I think I was looking to get the kids a T. V. And I noticed that was kind of interesting thank you.
this is okay. Um
Yeah sure how
old speaking this
custom?
I was just about 9 10
you have
to go
25.
I I think is usually so usually we find a lot of commonalities I guess like the guy from California and that was from California. I think he had a lot of family in michigan, I'm from michigan I don't know do you know anybody from michigan or anything like that
or from
florida
originally?
Are you originally from florida?
My husband is too, he's what keeps me here? I do not like florida heat. Uh I prefer cold so I can fund a lot.
I have a friend that's from Arizona and she says it's different too but I don't know if I want Arizona heat because I
feel like
it gets to higher temperatures than it does in florida. I personally like 62 50 degree weather. Wish it was that way year round somewhere that
would be minutes.
I get I get cold easily but I like like I don't like going outside and just melting. I need it.
We
I stay inside until it starts to cool off and then I'm like okay outdoors for as long as we can.
No.
Yeah. Well you live here, you got to. Yeah.
A little bit. I will watch college football. We are uh florida fans here and I am a michigan fan. Yes. What about you?
I
Oh they didn't I haven't watched football at all this year.
My husband
that sucks. Uh
That
right? But isn't having the losses.
Yeah. Yeah, I'll watch football but I'm not like a diehard football fan. My husband will scream at the tv and stuff like that. But I'm just like if he's at work and wants me to watch, if you wanted me to watch a game for him, I could watch a game and tell them what's happening. But now with everybody having it on their cell phones I don't need to
Yeah. I like watching. I will watch like when when the sorry words are hard when michigan and florida play each other. I'll watch that. Uh huh.
I'll go to football games. Like if if he wanted to go to a football game, we go to football games. Things of his trying to get me to go to a jaguars game this weekend. I'm not I don't know about Covid and go into the ball games with Covid right now. Well
yeah so mhm. Uh But it would be fine. I want we've been wanting to take the kids to go, but I just and I
know about with Covid with the four year old, he's the demanding little stink sometimes.
Uh No, we're doing an outdoor because we have a huge yard, so we're gonna do like a little um trunk or treat type thing with some of our family and friends just kind of keep it close, but everything is gonna be done outside. Yeah, so we bought a bunch of candy and we're trying to make sure that all the can the kids get to go home with the same amount of candy that they would have if they went trick or treating for real.
So people are wanting to still take their kids trick or treating. There's a lot of people I guess, but like my sister is in this one group where you
can um there's an app where you can say yes or no, you're handing out candy. And to when we last looked, there were only two houses in her neighborhood that we're handing out candy and usually her neighborhood is big on handing out candy. So, and then with, it's kind of been like trigger treating isn't what it was when we were kids, you go and like every fourth house is handing out. Uh huh. And so it kind of sucks like you're walking miles and miles to get a bunch of candy and then everybody's tired. Like we go in big groups were losing Children. Like I personally like dressing up like we dress it up only five. We always do
like a whole family costume, but I personally hate trick or treating love dressing up hatred or threatening. So I'm kind of excited for a party. Not
well.
Yeah. And then when we were shopping for candy, I was like, hey, we get to buy all of the good candy
and none of the stuff that gets left over and the kids, it's going to be there in the bucket. So there's like, it's a win win.
We have to spend a bunch of money on candy, but
it'll be
fun.
yeah, it'll be fun. We're looking forward to it. We've got a good handful of people coming. I figure with and we're going to do goody bags instead of bowls because I was just like, one of my biggest concerns with trigger treating was the kids, hundreds of kids reaching their hands and bowls. That's candy. I'm like, mm, I don't think I want to do that. And
uh, the kids are jeremy. And
then another concern was, there's always those kids that don't know boundaries and they walk into stranger's houses and we have a couple of them in our group, so I'm like, I don't, I really don't like to country, but yeah, it will be fun.
Okay. And I mean we we have a huge yard, so I'm like, I'm going all out decorating, creating a cemetery and uh we're having like, my whole family is dressing up as clowns, like killer clowns or whatever Children's ideas. So we're kind of doing like a clown theme for our little area. We have a a couple of families or family members that will pull their cars around to our big backyard and they'll have like lights in their cars and stuff like that. It'll be fun now have a bonfire and
think we've made it.
Uh huh. I've got to get back to making my Halloween stuff here soon. I'm turning some skeletons into clowns so I have to make their wigs.
Thank you. And you, I guess have fun at work. And I don't know what your plans are for Halloween. So
you
don't have kids.
Right. Right. Alright. Well, nice talking to you. Uh huh.
You too. But
thank you. You too.
Bye.