Hi.
Yeah, I can,
I'm doing
good, how are you?
literally
I don't
know
what day it
is.
No, no,
there is no concept of time whatsoever,
And it's like thanksgiving time. I'm like what?
It's
so funny. I actually watched Halloween Town this year but I made like a concentrated effort to do that because I was like I need some joy in my life, like give it to me
and
then
it
didn't
happen. Oh man, you need to watch Hollowing Town now, you just after reading
yourself?
no, I hear you, I literally have an existential crisis like every other day about like how time is moving so fast
and I just can't do anything about it. So I think
that
I'm in California so it's Iraq constantly,
we're
buddies
in this.
I just, the concept of doing things indoors in general is like just it's not terrifying in the way that like, oh I'm afraid I'll get covid or anything like that, but more so just terrifying. Like in that this feels wrong type of way. But I was, I was driving up in northern California and there's a lot of small towns and they're very on the conservative side for California and I was like, oh, so, so y'all just don't wear masks here. Like okay.
literally that's the thing. I'm like, you're fine because I'm wearing a mask, but I'm not fine because you're not wearing a mask. Yeah, it's, it's ridiculous.
You're
like,
get
me for me,
put a sign on your forehead. Like it's just allergies.
Yeah. It's so funny because I like the few times that I have sneezed or coughed in public before mask on, I still have like the habit of like going like this. So like you're wearing a mask, it just don't matter.
I
know
You're like 20 ft apart, please, last
book
or you live in texas, It's
born
and rains
tents that's called
Born and raised in Oakland. Yeah. Yeah,
they still well born and raised in the Bay Area, but I live in Oakland now. Um Yeah,
That's the that's like the best thing to do now I'm getting um Yeah, that's like actually was talking to someone um my best friend's mom about how much I miss A's games or did in the summer because usually over the summer we just do a ton of A's games. Um And this year obviously we didn't, I was like, I feel like there's a piece of me missing
crying
like.
Yeah, I went to like typically the A's games over the summer, I go during the day and they're like not too crazy, but um I think it was last december, maybe it was like almost a year ago. Um I went to a Raiders game there last, it was supposed to be their last game in um in Oakland and now that I think about that game, I'm like, am I just never going to experience something like that again, where there's just so many people all in this one dining space or like I went to um hockey game, it was like this thing was packed, like every seat was full, you have an indoor stadium or like an indoor ice rink and I'm like, it's just not gonna happen again because I love going to games, that's like I just enjoy them. Um But yeah, I was like, it's like,
you're like, oh really? Doing stood there
brian
eight.
Yeah, I totally hear you because I just like remember walking with one of my colleagues, it wasn't like, I don't know, March and maybe like late happy, right? And I was like, you know, I don't
think this is gonna be that bad as some people are saying, but we'll see. I was like Valerie, you dumb shit because then I went to New Zealand for two weeks and I got back and it was like all on fire.
No,
when I tell you my biggest regret in life was not staying in New Zealand, I'm not kidding you because like I was on the last flight out of New Zealand and I'm like, are you kidding me?
No,
I
mean
honestly
I've been
going
a bit better off. Yeah,
I know they're doing great. It's very frustrating to see what was like, just Like when for example, I don't know about Texas, but California tried 25% indoor dining and literally a week later was like, oh no, shut everything down again. And it's just so interesting to see like other countries where even when they have spikes, it's like relatively normal life and I'm just like damn, we really just suck.
That is
ridiculous. That's fair. Like we at least have some measure of something, not that people necessarily follow it. But I remember I was when I was driving back down from the northern California. Um this is a very weird thing to like notice. But the one thing I noticed on this seven hour ride was there was this blackberry diner, I don't know if you guys have that in texas, but it's just like this like, it's like the Denny's but like slightly elevated and it was, it looked like pre covid, I was like for black bear diner. What?
Yeah, I just remember seeing that and I was like, wow, that's about the choice. That's
that's
it
dan,
indicating
meeting in april
go our kids
hearing
the complete opposite. Anyway,
I was,
I was up in Oregon, so when I was driving to northern California, I was going up to Oregon um because my friend really wanted to go to Oregon, I was like fine for his birthday. Um but we stopped in Bend And it's like cold of shit and it was like 20° and we still did outdoor dining because I was like, I am not going into a restaurant with other people in it. Um But even they did like a really good job in general like Portland and Bend with like their outdoor setups. Like we went to a brewery and it was on a rooftop but it was like open because you know sometimes they were like those tents and stuff, but they basically make an indoor space, I'm like already. Um But even on the inside they had like, you know how they usually have those like glass, plastic whatever dividers. Like this setup was like the most comprehensive, I don't know like there was just like a glass completely like encasing you your table basically. I was like this is wild, like this would maybe be okay for indoor dining for me, but I don't know in California is just like, here's a parking lot, thank
you.
Uh The brewery was in Portland, but even the breweries in Bend, we're doing pretty a pretty good job, but I just remember the one in Portland because I also just really liked it. Um But that was a good space, but it's actually interesting because I think like Oregon gets this rep for being really liberal. Um and so when we were driving up and threw it was like oh there's a trump flag, there's a trump flag, there's a pence flag, cool. And like my yeah my boss lives in Portland, so she had been telling me she was like outside of Portland, you just have read, it's just super conservative and a lot of places, super old money was like interesting.
I
look
at
you go,
yes, what is a gun
stores?
it's
like
there's
more
gun stores and gas stations,
I really don't know what it is about like little towns in general, that makes them like this just like this very specific experience of conservatism where you're just like, okay, like even northern California, like obviously we have such a rap for liberalism, but northern California, I'm like, oh you guys are basically like, I don't know Minnesota, I don't know what the damn thing right now. But even um, like even in the bay area, there's, I grew up in like a small town, which to us small town is like 150,000 people. But I know that's not like actual small town, but even here like a, it's super white and be like, ain't nobody wearing a mask in that town or just in general, like very, very conservative compared to everything surrounding it. So interesting how I guess like when you have a small group of people, they just lean towards conservatism for some reason
at least like hide it. Like how are you so outwardly stupid? Sure
what?
What?
That
is ridiculous. Yeah, I don't know, trump really let the, I don't know, enabled the use the racist to really be fully proud and fully like, hey, I'm here, we're here, look at this in my front yard.
Yeah, we get
a lot of go ahead.
it is. It's also super interesting. I think on the more liberal side, like if you're kind of middle left, there's like this whole group of people whose only like policy that they care about is hating trump. It's like, how is he such a divisive figure that there's like a political party divide on hate trump, love trump that isn't necessarily matching up to Republican and democrat. It is so interesting. But yeah, no, I hate, that's like put down your vital signs, Put down your trumps. Science, goodbye. Yeah.
Yeah. Where it's not like she is literally on fire every other day
literally.
Like we think of rest day like shut up. Oh,
I hope so too. Yeah, It's, I feel like even election season having an election to think during everything else that is happening was just too much in my opinion for me. I was like I cannot I can't concentrate on this and I can't deal with the impacts like in California a lot of propositions. Just so bad, so bad. So when I saw the results of that come out I was like I clicked my exit tab and I was like you're not looking at anything for like a solid week. Don't ruin your life so quickly.
Yeah. Or just
even wanting like to not have to think about things constantly. Like I feel like when things are in a normal state, like you always, you always have like a covid update, you always have like a the president and this bullshit update. It's like sometimes you just like, can I go through my regular day to day life without impact from any of these external sources. It's like no, the answer is no.
Oh yeah, I'm a twitter
person too and I'm just like, especially I think twitter, you just get a lot of politics. I don't know what it is about twitter versus something like instagram, but that's, that's the space and I love it in a lot of ways, but right now I'm like I cannot be on twitter, so I'm just like staining for like weeks at a time and then I go back and ruin everything for myself.
I mean sometimes you just don't have the energy. Like I remember my best friend and I were talking about kind of this like expectation to educate others. It's like, it was, I don't know, there's just this expectation, I'm like, damn, grab a bug open your laptop, I don't need to educate you and I'm too damn tired to be out here educating people. Um so sometimes even though I really want to say something, I'm like, let it go, like my brother, Yes. Let it goals
anything.
Yeah. Yeah, it's exactly the same. And it's like family when there's family dinners, I'm like, the minute I think my grandpa brought up politics last time he was like saying something right from, and I literally, which is like, so this food, isn't it great? Who? Nope, nope.
It's
it's hard because, well my family's that lives here is pretty small, like it's just my mom, my brother and my grandpa and we saw each other for my grandpas birthday. Um I don't, it's like one of those really difficult decisions to make, where you're like, neither choice feels right, so I don't know what to do, but I'm guessing we will. Um Just because like, at least for my mom, myself and my grandpa really careful about wearing masks out, I think. Yeah, it's funny because like, I think older people even sometimes care less about covid than people like my age where they're like, I don't have long left to live anyway. Might as well like have do the things I want to do and I'm just like grandpa, relax. Okay. Um, but yeah, what about you?
It's very
true.
all
Sam,
nope.
Your
own bodies now
I
hear
you.
I hear
you.
it
inevitably will. Like I'll just tell you that and ruined all your hopes and dreams.
Feeling
just screaming in the kitchen. Yeah,
it's like that mean that like dog is sitting in the middle of a fire and be like, this is fine. Oh man.
man.
I
mean,
you
could
pretend that you are worried that you might have covid and be like, I really just want to keep you guys safe.
I know you got allergies like, come on utilized.
can I come? I'm like pie delicious.
No, but theoretically I'm coming.
That's probably a good idea is before and after. But I guess even just you already have so many stressors when you are like taking a break from work and all of that. I imagine you would want something a little more relaxing versus the chaos of families and family dynamics.
Seventh.
Oh No man. I feel you on that. I'm the same way. I really love to travel. So I do maybe like one day max, like family time and then I'm like, okay, what's next?
Oh man. Well,
I hope it goes as good as I can that there's no screaming.
no politics conversations, but at least the food will be good.
You're
from in.
Well, it was awesome to talk
to you. I think we're at time. Yeah, but it was awesome to meet you.
You too. Bye.