Yeah. Hey how are you? Can you hear me? All right?
Let
me
not too bad, just uh don't know, getting through whatever was Tuesday
making my way
through
it.
So
it's been like that for one month at least for me like months now. It's like oh it's saturday like
what?
Yeah, I know it's it's super. I don't even know crazy. It's like weird to me too that like Halloween already passed like.
Yeah, no it's super and it just looks too because it's like I didn't watch like a Halloween movies. I do I didn't get my hocus pocus my Halloween town in
you know?
Yeah I had some friends like they tried to watch it early like a resume calling like late september like it's too early for Halloween, we have a whole month and then yeah, it's never
got
to
it
so
I mean
it's still there, I mean, you know, we're not full on christmas yet so. But
well
and especially
now like I mean with stuff kind of, you know, I don't know where you are, but still kind of like shut down or, or like opposite where it's like, there's no way I'm going to go in that building right now. It's
okay. Yeah, I'm in texas. So we, we've
were
hit or miss.
Yeah. Yeah, we're hit or miss. Like, you know, some people take it seriously, but I'll see like snap stories and stuff of people like in bars that are supposed to be like 50% capacity and it's like wall to wall, like so full and all I can think is like, I can't imagine like going there right now.
Yeah. That's, that's insane. Like yeah, I live basically like where like Dallas and Fort Worth meat, it's like Dallas is like pretty much like everyone's wearing a mask, like you have to wear a mask and Fort worth is much more like conservative and it's the same thing. Like you go to the grocery store there and like no one's wearing a mask and I was like, I don't want to be here.
And I hate it too because like I have really bad allergies right now. It's like I'm gonna cough a bunch. It's just allergies I promise.
But
like I'm like so scared. Like go to the story or anything like that even now because I know I'm going to cough and I'm worried when I coffee were like get him out
of here,
you know? Exactly.
Yeah. No, it's, it's, I feel like it, I feel like I need to. So, but
I do that though. I still go all in with my mask though. Like I'm
like,
because I know people going to be like, you know, I mean understandably like if I saw someone cough and I'll be like, I don't want to be around him right now, but
I don't
know,
and born and raised here
actually.
So
how about you in always from California.
On.
Yeah. Okay. I've been to Oakland once. I think I went to, I went to an A's game. What now?
It's going to be so weird. Like ever go back to full stadiums,
You know,
like I've, I've gone to a couple sporting events like the, we have like the World Series and the NLCS here and my friend invited me to go to one of those games, but he was also in a sweet, so it's really nice. I was like four of us in the suite, which is like super cool. But it was it was so weird like being back in the stadium and like they were like pretty good about marking off where you can you can sit. They actually like the seats like zip tied where you couldn't sit. But it was still like I can't imagine being with like 40,000 people like that's gonna be great to me.
Yeah. I know, I'm the same way. And it was funny too because like that that night that like the NBA shut down, it was like a Wednesday night I think right? And then thursday like every other league shut down like that Tuesday night like literally the night before uh me and my friend read a hockey game and it was something it was it was packed. And we were kind of joking like what if what if it's our last one of the season, like Joking about it? And then like the next 24 hours are just insane. Like Holy Crap. That really was the last one we're going to.
Yeah. It was just weird because it's like, you know, we knew it was like coming. It's like hard to think back that far almost like we knew
it was coming.
We thought maybe something would happen. We didn't, you know, didn't think it actually shut down everything like it did so.
No.
Yeah. She didn't state new Zealand they kinda
have their stuff together.
Yeah. That's that's crazy. At least
you got me. At least you got back though, right? Imagine like even though like they're kind of normal, probably would've sucked to be there like eight months. Well not suck. But
you
know,
eight months later. I don't know.
I would
have.
Mhm.
Yeah. No, it's great especially to like, at least like y'all's government or like state government is kind like, I know people don't like Newsome and stuff. It's on, but you always like have it kind of together ours is like we won't do anything on the state level. We'll leave it up to the local level for the local level, can't do anything. And it's just like, you know, we, we kind of had a mask mandate for a little bit, But that's, you know, there's nothing else. I mean like I said, restaurant, I think it would be a 50%. But when you, when you drive by patio is packed and you can see in places, it's just like insane.
It's
Yeah. I didn't say.
It's interesting though too because like obviously I haven't traveled a ton like really at all. I went to Arkansas of all places like in september just just to do something to get to the house. And
I was worried
because Arkansas can be a bit like, I don't know like they're, they're a safe red state I guess is the best way to say that. And so I was kind of worried like, you know, like if I even go pick up food will be safe. But like When we were there like everyone wore masks and like the bars and restaurants were like super spec they were at like 15% 20% capacity. That was it. They told people like go outside if they came in, like there was actually set a bar and had a drink. There was like A 15-foot bar, they have six people at it like spread out like
groups
of two
and I was like so impressed.
Yeah. At least where we were, I was blown away. But
then we're back here and look at least Dallas is somewhat smart, but everything around it's like just,
you know,
don't ask. Yeah.
I,
I can see Oregon being pretty like safe to, I mean, yeah. Where, where, what was it in bent, where that brewery was?
Yeah. Because yeah, exactly. Outside Portland and Eugene, right. It's like, it's like draft up trucks and guns everywhere. Honestly, even coming from texas, like I've met, my brother went to actually wearing an organ hoodie. My brother
went
to
you,
my brother went to Oregon. My mom like lived there for a while. So, but like there are way more guns at least to me way more like gun stores in Oregon than that I have ever seen in texas.
What
like I don't even know honestly where to buy a gun here. Like I I don't even know how that probably genuine. They wouldn't know how to do it. But in Oregon it's like you go to the end of the street and there's like a 7 11 next to the gun store.
My
id
every
time.
Yeah. It was great. Like I'm never going through little towns on the coast and I'd be like literally a restaurant, a gas station and the gun store.
Yeah. Yeah. Once you get out of the city for sure and then definitely like those pockets right? Like I don't wanna say it's always like where money where money is. But like it feels like it kind of follows like at some point like I like the really rich suburbs here. Like when I drove through them like the last month it was like actually pretty split. But it was still like so many like, like every front yard have like trump trump trump trump trump or pence, pence, pence, pence. Like it was the craziest thing.
No, I mean I remember there was one house that no show. I mean it was like super, you can even see the house from the street, you can like see their wall like the security gate, like super rich person. I don't know who lives there. But no, I bet they had 200 trump signs just all along. Like their wall insane to me.
But I don't know
it was it was a whole thing.
But
It's
just
It's just crazy to me that it's like it's not even like being like a Republican, we're not with everybody. Like I know people that are just they're conservative and like whatever but like the people that are trump people are like trump people regardless of what he does or what he stands for. There's all about trump and that's insane to me.
Yeah. No I'm just ready for some like normality with with all of all of it again, you know?
Yeah and maybe it's just like I'm older now like I pay more you know pay more attention to like actual news and not just like what my friends are doing but it is like it's like the last four years like every day has been just like trump is trump trump trump and
it's like there's got to be there where the president isn't doing anything like crazy.
No it's I don't know I'm ready for I mean hopefully here I guess and what two months stuff actually changes.
Yeah, No, I don't know. I'm just, I guess to that even kind of expands past politics just like that wanting normal stuff again, you know?
So
Yeah, and it's like almost impossible to like um like avoid it to like, I mean obviously if you got any kind of social media like, like I I use twitter but like I primarily felt like sports people, like I follow up reporters and teams, but it's still my twitter is like all politics,
you know?
I like I, I tried like avoid like, you know, saying things like that aren't about sports really on twitter man, but I've had to bite my tongue so many times over the last few months because you know, I just don't want to like cause an issue or anything like that. But
Oh yeah, I'm I'm fine me enough, I'm staying with my brother and a lot of things. I'm like, you know what? We try to talk about this, you're you're you man, we'll just not not talk about certain things,
so.
Yeah, no, I totally get that. Like, are you um like do you go to your family on thanksgiving, we're gonna be able to do that.
Where is the kind of
Yeah, so we're actually uh my wife's family is in Tennessee and our plan is to go see them because we haven't got to see them in a holiday in like two years, like things kept happening,
like
we actually have to go and it's like we're supposed to go there last year for christmas and it does not going and it's like we have to go. But man, I'm like hesitant to dr you know dr like 10 hours and I don't know through a lot of places, I know her family is not taking it super seriously, like her younger siblings are, all
three of them are in college and it's like, you know, I just there are there are gonna be home and I'm just kinda nervous, you know? Because like I'm like I'm I'm lucky where I've been able to work from home, it's
like I really don't leave the house that much like ever,
you
know?
Exactly, and so it's like I'm just I'm kind of nervous like you know, I haven't really exposed myself too much out like that and so I
don't
know, we'll
we'll stay.
But
it's the same thing though, it's like I know like even her siblings and her parents are like pretty split and I'm worried like the election stuff will come up because I know
and
Yeah and politics stuff is hard to because like her family is like her parents are like conservative, like pretty conservative, but you know somebody, her, her siblings really aren't as much like, like her younger sisters like gay. And it's like that comes up a lot where like should I just remember mom and I'm just like, I don't know what
to do with what?
I just feel like playing on my phone in the living room like. Yeah, this is fun.
Especially cause like we'll be stuck at home. Like, I mean typically like when I've gone back there and like seeing her stuff like her siblings, like we'll go out and like, you know, go do like go to the zoo or go go to eat and stuff. But even like that's gonna be kind of, I mean I thought we'd do anything like that, you
know? So
this
is like a whole
on
weeks.
Yeah. I mean I have the calf down already.
Yeah. I feel pretty good. I mean I'm excited to see everyone and it's like, you know, I mean if I'm hesitant it's still like her mom is already going to Costco and stuff and getting all that and it's like made stuff that's like she's made all these like pots like making a pie like every day like freezing it for us to get. There's like only gonna be eight of us, you know? But
Yeah. You got a half out of plane? Um
Yeah. No, for sure. And it's just, I don't know, it's like then I get back and I probably want to get a covid test right away.
Yeah. And it's it's hard for me too because like I I really like to travel and like when I go somewhere, like even like when I go to Nashville, it's like, you know what I've heard about this place, let's go eat here, let's go do this. Like that's just how I am. Like, I always want to pack as much as I can into every time I leave home. And it's it's like hard for me to like just think I'm gonna sit. I mean, I love going to their house was like what's in this house and probably like seven days and just
yeah, we leave like the sunday morning and leave that next sunday morning. So
Yeah, no 100% so, but
what
fresh air.
Yeah. Food would be good. And so I will be able to play my on my laptop or you know, watch watch movies.
I
exactly. I'll figure something out. So
on.
You two stay safe. Have a good thanksgiving and well that's