We uh yeah let me just raise up the volume a little bit more mm. All right. I think it should be good now.
Okay that's cool.
It uh Yeah
Um I'm doing pretty well. I'm at university right now you know? Yeah
Oh I'm at the like I'm deworming at the university but it is it is remote still so yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. No it's actually pretty nice. Uh Yeah I enjoyed it really lets me be at my own pace. So
my major right now is computer science. I'm considering getting a minor I don't I don't really know if I should.
I wanted a minor in like music or maybe like a different language not like something related to computer science and one of those. Yeah.
What what did you play?
That's that's insane. Yeah. Apparently uh trying to learn the piano and I was learning the guitar but that you know, that didn't work out for me. Okay.
Yeah.
But
learner that that's some dedication right there actually. Mhm.
I think that um
any interesting hobbies. Mhm.
Thank
you.
I get I get it. I think it would be and I don't know about like when the situation will get back to normal. Uh
Yeah.
Right.
Mhm. Uh That's true
sort of grind. What exactly like for companies do you draw for companies
do?
Yeah.
Thank
you.
Nice. I can never really get into drawing as much. Yeah.
Okay. Um
Yeah, it's very interesting um
a combination of things really. Uh Yeah where starters uh you know I kind of just grew up as an indoor kid, you know, on the computer, so uh yeah, so my interest really just sprung from there and got
into video games, I was like, oh I should try to make a video game and I kind of just stuck with that train of thought and so far I've made a couple of small games. Uh Yeah,
working for a large group, grew, worked with over here at the university.
Yeah, same, I'm not very good at them either, but um
other hobbies I have is I'm like trying to run a marathon or I'm training for the marathon. Yeah.
Get
enough.
it'll be my first time ever trying to run uh like full on a marathon. I've never even done like a half marathon or anything, I've just ran by myself around my university really. Uh huh.
yourself that you actually like it.
I can respect that respect. The grand. Um
I've also had a couple of people trying to kind of encouraged me to run just random strangers that like they're like I just passed by every now and then I remember like a certain time and
you know, I see the same people running like the same track as me and then whenever I get tired, they're just like, hey, keep it up. And I'm like
They really caught me off guard yesterday because I honestly didn't see them coming like out of nowhere, and then they would just suddenly
like, they were like, keep it up. So what?
If you
put yourself.
It's a really hard balance to get into. Yeah.
I know some people trying to maintain like just being physically active to work and school and I just see them super stressed out. I don't know how they can manage it.
Yeah. That's an entry rather interesting job.
You're correct.
I don't really think about who actually has
to do the contract very soon, so. Mhm.
What what games do you play? He said you play games being up?
Okay. Um for Pokemon, did you do you do like the challenges like does lock and
What?
So I'm assuming you played the card game right?
Good
morning.
What?
Yeah, I've never actually participated in any tournament, but for like card games. Uh No magic the gathering. No Pokemon. No you.
DNB. Okay. I've actually been trying to get into it. I've tried getting a group together last semester.
Yeah. I didn't I
didn't complete
the
I was gonna be
the
Roll 20. No.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure I've seen some gameplay out of it. Some streamers use it. Um
if
four,
I don't know if they're using it now but I know there's a campaign that's going on for offline tv. I don't know if you know who they are. Let's toast the G. P. Choo cookie man.
get it.
Mhm interesting.
Yeah. I remember they were trying to get me into a campaign with 40 Km more hammers or something like that, You
know what
and
Okay. Yeah. Because they tried to get me in the game uh centered around that and I didn't really know what it was and so I was
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um
Yeah. Well, I've built one with my siblings. Yeah.
The people.
Um Do you know what you, are you able to talk specs at all, man?
Yeah. Yeah.
I guess a good reference would be like how much FPs you get in the game and what game that would give a reference to what you have. Mhm.
If
you remember you're about it off in the game.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well. Mhm.
Yeah
it's completely fine if you don't know by the way,
I don't really
thank
you
so much.
remember
I think
um yeah I built mine last year with my brother so yeah everything
works, I'll be honest, he did most of the design word but.
Yeah. Well I'm at 22. uh
man.
minimum. Yeah.
pets pets to warm back in uh you know I'm since I'm at university
Yeah, back at home I have a dog that's
that's it. Um New york kyra slash terrier. Yeah.
Hello?
Not
you don't let them interact of course, but
Uh
I don't have only seen one snake ever and that was from like a teacher in high school.
Oh my gosh.
Uh huh, wow, that almost doesn't look real.
Uh huh.
What?
You know the breed? Yeah.
Uh
Yeah. What do you what do you what do you do it?
Mhm. Well,
that's interesting. I don't think I could ever
Yeah, I can I can never.
I think just like that we're at 26.
Yeah. Nice. The same to you.
All right. Thank you.