broken bones. Okay. Mhm. Hello, Can you hear me?
I think yeah, I can hear you fine.
Okay, so we talked to each other for 25 minutes,
Who? How are you?
that interesting? And are you kind of a more remote learning with pandemic circling Eleanor?
Yeah,
I graduated a year ago from my Master's program, so I haven't had to do any of this like remote learning, I can't imagine kind of what that adjustment is like, but if you never were remote before, but yeah.
that's fair. Yeah. What is your major?
What kind of minor would you think you want to get or just do something for fun? Uh huh.
brother, he was in school for music, so very very fun. Not something I'm good at, but it's nice. Yes. Mhm.
Uh He played uh in my high school, he played the trombone, but he also plays like a guitar and the piano bass. He played like a lot of things. Yeah.
Uh
We took piano lessons like growing up but we both like hated practicing, so I stopped and then never did it again and then he stopped, but then pick it back up and taught himself. So
he's just, I think he's better at teaching himself than like kind of in a more structured class, so. Yeah.
huh.
A.
I like to sew and I like to draw a very artsy, I'm in like clinical research is my job, so like art is
definitely
like my hobby, but I really enjoy it. Um Back when, you know, you could gather in large groups of people, I used to like comment on type thing you can do like cosplay costume and stuff. That was fun but not so much right now or probably for another year.
No I don't think anyone does. Uh Yeah we'll see. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I
get like 85% of the conversations that they're doing a study of the pandemic is mentioned at least once. It has to be just with like the major members of that going on.
My brother.
Just
just for fun. Uh Generally I draw for like uh
podcasts are like T. V. Shows or comics are like I'll draw like can art for it. Uh Yeah yeah just from my grandma was an artist so I got I got that gene but she was very good at like real life and like painting and I cannot paint at all and my style is definitely more cartoony which
is fine
with me because that's what I want to draw, so. Yeah.
it's I don't know, I think it's fun and I was also one of those people that always doodled over all of my notes, all of my homework and everything, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Wait
yeah. What made you choose a computer science? Yeah.
Like.
Yeah.
Yeah. Nice. I have one friend from high school that wanted to like the game industry. I think he was originally more like art focused part of the game, but then switched to more, I think like game development. He's in California, I don't know what he's doing, but he seems to be doing well, having fun. But yes. Yeah. I enjoy video games also, I'm not very good at them, but what will matter is having fun.
Mhm.
very cool. Uh Pre pandemic. I was training for a five K and I was gonna do like a color me run with my mom. Uh and then all of the like five K's got canceled and I can run like a five K like by myself and not like in a structure grace and I'm like, it's not, it's fun and
I get
like the T shirt and stuff. So yeah, the marathon sounds like a lot of work so, But very satisfying after once you like finish one.
mm. Yeah. Uh I The weather got like too hot for me in the summer. I'm very much like winter fall kind of person. So like the thought of like going outside when it was like 80 or above to like go run was not, did not work with me. I did not crack that like run consistently over the summer trying to get back and do it now, but it's fall and it's cooled down very much more. But let's see what happens. I've, my mom is a huge runner. I have never liked running, but I'm trying to like make myself like running so we'll see how that goes. Yes.
it's like now this is fun, I'm having fun. Right? Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh Yes. Smart. Thank you.
Of
all that's good. I definitely, I like exercise better if I'm like not doing it alone. Like if I'm in like a group in this class, I feel like I work harder, I'm less likely to be like, let me just slow down a little bit like I'll keep like a good pace the entire time, but I'm by myself, I'm like that was enough, right? Yeah. Yeah. But that that's nice that you kind of, you have that routine and you kind of have people around you that are also there and they kind of see you and you kind of recognize each other, encouraging each other.
Absolutely.
Yes, that's nice. Uh I since I'm not in university anymore, I don't have like attract nearby or like a free gym, which I really miss because I definitely, I think when I was in school worked out a lot more because
like
I have the resources if that makes sense. And yeah, so my neighborhood is mostly safe but like the best time of day to run would probably be like the evening after work for me, but it gets started so fast and it's not really a great neighborhood to run at night per se. But it's a I'm trying to find a balance between like work and exercise and fun time and everything so it's a little weird. But. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I can't I have a friend that's working, going to school and then like like lives independently so like making all her own food, having to do her own errands, everything like that. Like I can barely do like work and I can't imagine doing work school like all at the same time. It's just like not having life. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Part of yeah she also does like contact tracing so like for the pandemic she has to like call the people and everything. So that's also just like a hard job and like a very busy like overworking job so. But doing good work. But
yes. Yeah she works for the a local health department and then does like home calling and like has to
uh contact trace all the people who have been around like a positive case and let them know potential exposure. What they have to do is. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Let's see recently I was playing phasmophobia because it was like october and it's a ghost hunting games. That was very fun. Uh Everyone's been playing among us, that was it's a fun game. I think it's definitely more fun when you're playing with your own friends or not a random lobby. I used to play a lot of Overwatch. I don't really play it anymore. Uh I played like a Dragon Age series games. Uh I played all the Pokemon. Uh that's just since I was little, that's what I grew up with and I still stuck with it. Um Start of the pandemic. Played a lot of animal crossing. Uh huh. Kind of a lot of that one too. I like go hard on the game for like a very like Like a month or two or 3 and then I like drop it. So yeah. But yeah, I think those are the recent ones that I create are the ones that I play the most.
I've done some of those uh definitely when I was younger, I was like very attached to the very first say file I ever did. So I like never like
replay the game. Uh Nowadays I would like replay or like do a little challenge or something like that. Um At some of the conventions I used to go to uh I helped run like a faux Pokemon league, so like we make monotype teams and people can challenge us and they get like a badge. And then on like sunday of the commission, there was like an elite four and then there was like a private school. If they beat the elite four they could choose from. And then we had like a champion. I felt like a little black and everything. So I loved making monotype teens and did a lot of greeting for nature's and heavy earth lives and all that stuff, stuff. Yeah.
I just find the card game not as much as I play the video games, but I did also do the card game, especially an undergrad. I kind of got back into it and get some of the like, uh, what they call prerelease tournaments,
I don't know. Or just
like maybe the release tournaments where like I do like sort of packs were coming out and you could buy like seven packs and got a special little blocks and then you play with the seven packs that you like open up stuff like that, that was fun. That was really the only time I ever won was when it was like seven random packs because I didn't spend a lot of money to like make very good decks and like other people did so like but
it was just random chance I had I had a chance but uh Yeah. Yeah.
I've never done magic the gathering that seems like completely like out of my leg depth of knowledge. I play a lot of dungeons and dragons though. Yeah.
It's hard,
didn't
paint
it. Yeah.
What
billion last year I uh I'm lucky I have like friends that play, so I do have one campaign, you've been playing it for like over a year now. Uh That's been very fun. But have you ever heard of a site called Roll 20?
Uh It's like a site that lets you play dungeons and dragons online. So they have like the maps and like dice like built into like an online everything. But they have um you can look for games so you can play with like strangers essentially and some of them are free to play and they're very like new player, new player friendly. Uh And then I actually I'm in like uh I pay a dungeon master to play in the game so like uh It's like $10 a session or something like that, but it means that like I'm guaranteed to play at a certain time and like no one's gonna like fall apart because like I put essentially like a down payment in on it. So if you ever want to try with strangers, real 20 is very good. You can also use it to play with friends. That's what we've been doing, the pandemic. But like If you're tired of trying to get your friends together, you can just do it on the whole 20 and get that world.
Yeah. Uh One of the uh Live play shows
I watch uh to mention 20 I think did like a special where they were on world 20. They used that like
they streamed on twitch I think. But yeah. Right.
That those names sound familiar, but I don't think I've watched that one. I think I've done the Adventure Zone. Everyone knows, I think like the Mcelroy Brothers. Uh and then I never I know everyone knows critical role. I never actually got into it. I couldn't like they all seem like nice people, but it was just a lot to like watch it once and it was like a fool too much. Uh
And I really like college humor has a suit like uh dungeon or D. And D like group that they helped to mention 20 and they have a bunch of like like main story things when they do like little one shots and it's very cute. It's a whole bunch of different uh genres I guess. Yeah.
Mhm.
my
current
my current dungeon master, I think he started playing like on Warhammer and I think it's very like combat like battle like strategy like focus versus like fifth edition I think has more options for like role player like alternatives to combat. Uh I've never played Warhammer but my cm really enjoyed it but he also really enjoys like battle and he also like used to love and stuff like that. So. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. I know, I know there are lots of different types of like dungeons and dragons type games, but I've only ever played like the fifth edition, which I think is like very new user friendly. I think like it was very easy for me to like get into it. Having never played before I played. I had never actually seen like a bunch of dragons podcast now. I have but before that I was like, I know what this is in theory, but yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, have have you ever built your own like computer or laptop? I know you said you were computer science,
I felt my desktop that I'm using right now. Uh, my roommate's brother like basically
said here, get all of these parts, this will do what you want. I said okay. And it was like putting together like a big kid lego but it works and I was very proud of it. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Maybe. Hang on. I can look at my new egg purchase history. What did I get? Uh huh. Let's see. Order history. Uh huh
Oh, answer is probably no, no. I don't know. I don't know what I did. But it worked. It like works for basic gaming. It like lets me use like basic streaming stuff pretty easily and like yeah.
let's
see.
No. Yeah.
Okay. Hi, let's see. Mm hmm. It's all me not.
Oh
yeah.
I like I have all the names of the parts and then I don't know what they mean at all. I don't know. I got some like The memory so I was like 16 GB something. I don't know. Uh huh But sleep one terabyte of something else. Solid state drive. That's what that word is.
I've got like a debt. I don't know. I cannot talk specs review. I don't
know what
any
of it means, but it works real nice. Yeah. Yeah. No, uh, it doesn't help. I built it like two years ago. So like, I think when I was first building, I'm like, okay, so that's what all these parts mean. And like this is where it does cool, cool. And now it's like, oh,
so
long, you know? Okay.
Yeah.
that's, I basically got like a blueprint and was like, use these parts by these parts here. So you put it together and I went okay. And it, it does work very nice. It's just did not do any of the work too well. Like build the design myself. Yeah. Yeah. Me. Let's see. How much more time do you have?
Three more minutes? We're on the home stretch I think.
Right it's 25 minutes. Oh
Any pets? I looked
virtually. Yeah.
Good.
I've got two ball pythons and then my roommate has two cats,
two ball pythons, burmese python, and then my other roommate has one ball python,
so we have a lot of snakes Um and two cats. Yeah.
No no and all the snakes have their own separate like enclosures so they don't interact with each other either. Yes. Yes.
Yeah.
Oh here let me get hang on 1/2. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Oh okay. What
she is
yeah she's pure white and she's got like blue eyes, she's very tired right now. She's just kind of above both type on. I'm sorry. Did I wake you? Oh
yeah she's only she's about a year old. The longest she would get is 5ft right now, I think she's about
to feed herself, so.
she's called a ball python and then her morph which is kind of like the coloration is called a blue eyed lucy. Yeah. Yeah,
they're all muscle also, although she's a little bit chunky I've had are a little bit too much. That's okay. Yeah, but they're fun.
Uh there's just I think they're just very pretty to look at and I kind of like a low maintenance pet. I don't have to take her for walks, I don't have to clean up after her more than like once a week, She gets fed every 7-7 to 10 days, so also low maintenance with the feeding. Uh Yeah, I don't know, she just won the whole, I think she's pretty uh
that's all I need for a pit. Mhm. Sweet. Well sweet. She's just nights so that I think oh she wants to on the key boy. Yeah.
Thanks reptile.
It's not for everyone, but I yeah, I enjoy also like most departments will let me have her because she's like in a tank versus like some of the like not pet friendly apartments obviously wouldn't let me have like a dog very cat, but I can take her just about anywhere. Yeah.
Uh It was nice to talk to you,
good luck with school and everything and have a good rest of your dreams.