SPEAKER_L: Hi there.
SPEAKER_R: Brandon. How are you? Mhm. One second month care. All right, my good to see
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: Sweet. I'm almost yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: So how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: thanks. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name is Helen? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, Killin. I'm Raylene.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, really? What are you up to? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: not much, just having a regular
SPEAKER_R: Breaking.
SPEAKER_L: old day, we got smoke hear from the fires in California, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Here in California.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not, I'm in Utah, but there they're affecting us here.
SPEAKER_R: man, that's rough. That's rough.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in new york city. Far from the virus is Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: like last,
SPEAKER_R: Last.
SPEAKER_L: not last november, I can't remember if it's been a year or two, The covid going on. Everything feels weird, but my step sons
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: house burned down in California because he was in paradise in that town that got burned down. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so that's
SPEAKER_R: Crazy,
SPEAKER_L: hard for him to see crap
SPEAKER_R: crazy
SPEAKER_L: going on. So
SPEAKER_R: stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So Utah um so
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm not mormon. Right?
SPEAKER_R: good, good. Um
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: did you grow up there? Did you, did you move there?
SPEAKER_L: No, I grew up in Idaho, which is
SPEAKER_R: which
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: redneck, but but I hopefully am not too redneck.
SPEAKER_R: No, you're fine. You're fine,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you grow up in new york?
SPEAKER_R: yep. Been here all my life. My dad actually grew up across the street from where I am right now. So
SPEAKER_L: Are are you in New york city? Are you in a town somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in new york city, new york city. Um Yeah, believe it or not. I'm actually visiting my parents right now. I
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: live in, I live in uh the Upper East side in Manhattan, but I'm a historian right now. I'm not sure if you're familiar with the neighborhoods.
SPEAKER_L: not so much. I mean, you know, I've heard the names, but I certainly couldn't map it out or anything, but then I'm map
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: challenged anyway, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're not alone. You're not alone. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: are you a student, are you working?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So just just graduated recently virtually of course um was a finance major, went to school here in the city. Um And uh yeah I mean I've been working at a start up for the last few months but the full time job we'll see um something lined up maybe in in boston in the in the next few weeks. But we'll see, we'll see keeping my fingers probably
SPEAKER_L: We lived in New Hampshire, just a couple, Well it was about an hour and a half from boston, so
SPEAKER_R: Sweat.
SPEAKER_L: that was pretty
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: had so beautiful there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah boston is yeah. You know and and new york is just so different with you know with the covid and everything and I don't know, I just don't see it, you know, returning to to what it was. I mean how
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: think, I think life has changed for all of us and hopefully we can make it change so it works better for most everyone. I hope,
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: I hope
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want to go back to the crap. It was, I just want better. So I mean, I tell my kids so sorry that we're doing this corrupt you. I swear to God, I didn't vote for these people, but you know,
SPEAKER_R: now my parents say the same thing, My parents said the same thing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's it's weird, I mean, you know, I'm I'm kind of younger than the hippie generation, but I look and think how could you guys have created this mess? What the heck,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, yeah, my parents are, my parents on the older side to their uh my dad is 66 mom is 65 um yeah, that's the same thing. Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: I don't get it. I just, but you know, I'm hoping it's like, you know, picking up a piece of wood and you see all the bugs and crawly things and we can clean all that Crawley crap out of there and have a life that I don't know where people can buy a home and raise their kids and be happy and all that.
SPEAKER_R: Not below 17 50 on on rent for a 300 square foot apartment. Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean even here in Utah, we have pretty high home prices. I mean they're approaching California prices because we're like the silicon slopes of the west, so we have tons
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: of tech air all along the corridor
SPEAKER_R: cheese.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: our
SPEAKER_R: not know
SPEAKER_L: home
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: that we bought in 2014 has increased in value by so much and I just think, come on, that's ridiculous. And how is anyone supposed to buy a home one starter homes are starting at 4 50 you know for cruddy
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: little pieces of trash holds. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean, we've, you know the home that were and now I'm pretty sure we have lived here. My parents have lived here since um you know, I was born and that would have been 22 years ago. Um I think they bought it for 1 90 or something then and the house right next to us sold for just over a million. And
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: that is so mind boggling to me because I love this neighborhood, it'd be great to live in this neighborhood, but I hear those
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: prices yeah, I'm not there yet,
SPEAKER_L: I work.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not there yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, you know you chose the right the right education to get there but you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: the idea. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I hope you enjoy what you're doing. I hope you'll love it. You know that it will be a pleasant journey on the way to millions. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well that'd be ideal, right? Um You know it's funny, I definitely, I'd say so in finance it's very common to do uh internships, summer internships um You know just because there's less at stake for the company, bring you on for a few months and then after the after the few months they you know, they can give you a job. Um So I interned last summer um at a firm here at morgan Stanley um doing investment banking. Um And the hours were insane, but the pay was amazing um And but by the end of the summer, you know and we were just talking about it today when I came and visited my parents, it was almost a year ago today and they're like, you look so good versus a year ago, you know, my face was sinking in and probably had a little less hair than I do now and just, it was bad. Um but I don't know, you know, it's for me, it's definitely become less about the money. Um you know, and I'm kind of looking for stuff, you know, maybe some social impact stuff, you know, I think that's super cool. My mom is doing that and and then I think the money will come, but I'm just okay with being comfortable. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: my stepson is doing some really cool social impact stuff and it's really, you know, it's like he said it's right now he's making barely enough to squeak by even though he's consulting all over europe and you know that slowed down with Covid but he was speaking and you know, I didn't Amsterdam and places in Germany and all of that and so people look up to him as an expert and he's like doing social studies on the connectivity in transportation and how that
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: can help people live more fully without um you know, impacting the planet so much and talking about how to have payments, services that work across all the platforms so
SPEAKER_R: stick.
SPEAKER_L: people can easily do that. But you know watching him do that, he looks so happy and yet
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: he's stressing a little bit about you know the money part and we it would be really great if people got paid for their social impact as well.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, right. In an ideal world yet, you know, my mom is, my mom is the same thing fortunately, you know, she's, she's been um, she works for Sesame Street um and she's been there for probably like 25 years, but I think social impact is in her job title. So um she's all about that stuff all and she is probably happiest person, I know, happiest personality,
SPEAKER_L: That is so fun.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: That's so fun. My partner and I are just writing a um an online course we love to teach. Um we're not like he's actually taught languages but um and finance actually. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: here we go.
SPEAKER_L: for USC but where we were seeing all the stress people are doing, so we're writing a course on how to figure out where your views about yourself and your values of the world and the things you value, how you can parse through that to a let go of the beliefs that aren't serving you and stressing you because right now people don't know what the heck to belief. Sorry, I almost used the F. Word
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: you know they're
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: just like I can't
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: trust
SPEAKER_R: appropriate
SPEAKER_L: any safety. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: creating
SPEAKER_L: yeah so we're hoping to just like put that out there and people don't have to pay for it. They can just try
SPEAKER_R: amazing.
SPEAKER_L: and see how it how it impacts their lives because it's helping us to do all this stuff. Like it's not supposed to be this way. What?
SPEAKER_R: I definitely could use that course. Um I, you know, my mom is super big into like meditation and stuff and she's very, you know, mindful and stuff and
SPEAKER_L: I'd like her, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you know, and we're very opposite. Like I, I ruminates sometimes I, you know, I reflect, you know, almost to a detriment and the perfectionist to an extent, but um, those aren't good quality and like I realized that, you know, as you know, I start to like get, I think a little older um
SPEAKER_L: well they're good when you use them and don't punish yourself with them. They can be really, really good because your detail oriented, I'm sure and you get things done in a very great, you know, a precise way, but when you start spiraling into those perfectionism things, I get it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I I I watch my kids do that. I have two Children and 10 step kids, so we have a lot of kids. They're all grown ups now though. Yeah, the
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: youngest is just a little older than you, so
SPEAKER_R: It's cool, Cool. Okay, so they're, they're a little older now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've got a stepson that's only actually 12 years younger than me, so that's that's pretty interesting. Mm. Yeah, he's he in front of my very, I'm not mormon but my family, my sisters are in front of my very mormon family at a wedding set. My stepson oldest one said, so I was telling really things don't work out with my dad, we're pretty close in each, maybe we could date and my sister's ships. Oh, I mean of course,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I thought
SPEAKER_R: talking,
SPEAKER_L: it was hilarious, they were just stunningly shocked, went off somewhere at the regroup, It was so funny. I'm like, no, I don't kiss my stepson or Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: can't pick your family, you know? Um, so I am, I am curious. So um, Utah so you are around a lot of the mormon stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, and it's a family thing, you know, I have polygamists in my background and all of that weird stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I went to catholic school and I don't buy it anymore. I feel like you know, almost uh the exposure to it, you know, 24 7, just made me thinking in question, you know, and think critically, um, I don't know that what is the, I guess religious climate in, in Utah right now and I guess where you are.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I would, I mean it's really disconcerting to see how many of these supposedly really good people are supporting trump and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: didn't,
SPEAKER_L: okay with him sending people into Portland and things like that. It's, it's it's so divided and um there is a huge fallout, tons of people are leaving the mormon church, they are bleeding people, which it's not really,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's a lot like Catholicism where people feel um it's their culture and they feel obligated to stay. It's even a little more insidious, it's more cult like just for my point of view over here. Um so
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it's there bleeding people because there are so many parents who have kids who are gay or transgendered and they see how poorly they're treated in that church and in that culture. And so I'm in a group of like ex mormon women that's on facebook and wow, there's so many hurting people who just can't, they're seeing how much that was just a cultural life and a religious life to hate people. So I just see that it's, it's loosening and yet it's becoming kind of like our political life uh more yeah, more polarized, which is sad, but you know, and that's part of what why we're writing this course is there's so much pain for people not being able to let that go, which you know, maybe you experienced some angst when you were letting go, your religious beliefs.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely, absolutely, I it felt wrong almost, you know, and something to be ashamed of earliest, that's what I was told, uh, which
SPEAKER_L: Well that's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: how they keep you, that's how you pay tithing and stuff, right? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, but you know, it's funny, my mom is, my mom is a religious, my mom is full catholic and everything and um she gets so much out of it and you know, when people say, you know, I'm atheist, you know, don't believe in anything, but you know, when people try to bash on religion or whatever, um, you know, I just point to people like that, you know, who get so much out of it, who get a community from it, um, you know, who don't try to shove it down other people's throats, um there's so much good in it, but there's also so much bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and it's the true christians that give me hope. It's not the, you know, pseudo christian stuff that we're seeing, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. What is the evangelicals or something? There are 40% of America now
SPEAKER_L: oh I know,
SPEAKER_R: it said.
SPEAKER_L: I don't it's a particular kind of crazy that I'm certainly glad I'm not a part of, but I understand people want certainty, I understand that they want
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to know.
SPEAKER_R: easy. No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I prefer to meditate and go inside and all of that. And what I found is I don't want to be mean to people, so I don't need a religion to tell me that, why why would I want to hurt other people? I can see them as part of me. So you know, until you do, you're in a work though. I think it's not apparent and people are afraid. They're taught to be afraid of their own natures and that's sad. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and and and it does take that, I think, you know, I think it does take the self reflection because and just the internal conversations that you know, you can have with yourself, it's it's scary but it's also you know, um peaceful in that sense. Um you know, you know yourself better than anyone else and there is zero
SPEAKER_L: Which is frightening.
SPEAKER_R: up time. Yeah. Right. I know, I know zero website to not being brutally brutally honest with yourself and at a point I step back and I just don't buy this, you know, it's not me. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I when I realized that about, I don't know, I was probably 17
SPEAKER_R: 16,
SPEAKER_L: and I just realized what,
SPEAKER_R: that long ago.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, what's the point of living my life based on what other people tell me? I I just can't do that. I mean in the mormon religion they tell you what you can eat, but you can drink what clothes you have to wear. Um what underwear people where you know they wear certain underwear. Um and I was like wait no uh no thank you. My parents weren't religious so it was easier for me. I recognize and uh it just it just didn't make sense to me. It's like I can't have come on, come to this life to be obedient and not plus I'm fly see anyway, so it just didn't work for me. I'm
SPEAKER_R: No, I didn't like authority either. Too much rounds and ice cream.
SPEAKER_L: I was constantly in the principal's office, honestly. Yeah. Oops, don't tell my kids, no, I told them that's why I have to heavy metal kids. So both my sons are long haired, really doing their own thing. And yeah,
SPEAKER_R: brother and I was there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have you ever heard of a metal group called visit Gav
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm not into metal at all. I did have, I did have the long hair though, but no metal
SPEAKER_L: if you ever look up Visigoths, my my son
SPEAKER_R: together.
SPEAKER_L: is the one with the long black hair and it, they're they're pretty well known and signed to the biggest
SPEAKER_R: In the year,
SPEAKER_L: metal label and doing especially well in europe. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow, interesting stuff. Very cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, he
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: still works other another full time job to support his music habit. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: You know, I people, I have a cousin that's, you know, kind of doing the same thing. He's kind of known here in the US. You know, he was recently on like a singing tv show and it performs pretty often but still struggles to get by. But again, you know, it's like when I talk to him happy as can be, you know, he's loving what he's doing, he so enjoys performing. And um, you know, it just makes me think so many of these problems you must be in our heads or just this social construct, I don't know. Yeah. You probably know better than I do.
SPEAKER_L: I, well I don't, I just haven't read the book yet. I just listened to and um a pod. I don't know if it was a podcast but in a Youtube interview with an economist talking about how the way we view the economy is totally not right that we actually don't have to have a balanced budget that since the government creates its own money, we can take care of these ills and but and and I wish I could remember her name. I think her last name is Skelton K E L T O N. But it was super interesting to kind of mole over and think could we just solve this problem that easily? I mean we could obviously they find money to give tax breaks to the wealthy. So I don't know. Yeah. Well I do think the more we we because I don't know meditate and like ourselves and better the world is I don't know, that's I'm kind of an idealist but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I I like to think I am too, but I'm curious. So after after you left the church, uh and I guess I'm kind of you know, doing the same thing right now. Um in terms of um purpose, I guess, I think it's very easy to find when you belong to a church and stuff like that. Um How did you, how did you find your purpose? That's a loaded question. I know, but,
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Um you know the biggest thing I did was I did some some like group um personal growth things which I kind of hate the term personal growth,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like you need to grow and you're not okay the way you are, but that helped to sort of getting used to seeing people feeling their feelings and expressing their feelings and seeing people accept each other. I mean we had a guy who was just recently released from prison for murdering someone and people listen to his story and heard his experience and
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I mean we had people who were you know um molested when they were I mean there were 200 people in it. So there was a lot of stories and just hearing that helped me start to accept the places in myself that compartmentalized places that you don't want to look at. And honestly my purpose is to help people accept themselves and see that they are fabulous just as they are. And that just has happened through like working on myself and not accepting myself, feeling how much it hurts to judge myself. And that's kind of a broad purpose. But you know, I always knew I wanted to be a mom. So I got to do that. My kids are um, you know, adults now kind of doing their own lives and um, so now it's time to really like dig in and, and actually do what we're doing. And honestly, it's even though we're not charging for this, it's scary to put your heart out there and know that people are there going to be jerks about it as the internet is
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: and, and yet, no, okay. Who it's for. We'll find it, who, who's been asking for something like this will embrace it and use it and the others can just, you know, be negative if they want or whatever, but that's a lot of figuring out, Okay, I know who I am, I know what my, I don't know, I guess values would be a good, what I value and no matter
SPEAKER_R: you wouldn't.
SPEAKER_L: what, all those like clamoring voices out there say I know who I am and that helps you find your purpose and also what do you love doing? What like makes your heart sing, where do you lose your time when you just get involved in it and and you think holy crap, five hours just went by. I thought it was an hour Holy molly. That that's like kind of like you keep following those threads of passionate fun stuff and find, and I think that leads you to your purpose personally, at least I hope it doesn't have to be harder than that. I mean, you know,
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh done, I don't know if that makes sense to you,
SPEAKER_R: it definitely does. It definitely does. Yeah. You mentioned the parent thing to um I'm curious. So, well what started that? Because my brother and I guess my soon to be um sister in law, they've been dating for like nine or 10 years or something, probably going to get married. Um But outright said I never want to have kids and you know, my parents super pro kid and I don't know, I mean, I'm kind of really enjoying where I am right now and obviously kids are a long way off, but um what made you, what made you feel that?
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know, I think it was in response to the kind of negative parenting I had, I wanted to know what it was
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like to be a good parent,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you know, and I ended
SPEAKER_R: know that?
SPEAKER_L: up in a really nasty divorce, fortunately the partner have now, pardon me, what an excellent step dad to my kids. And so I got to sort of experience that. But I think I look back on it and a lot of it was religious conditioning, that's what women are brought up to be. So even though I left the church, I just always wanted to be a mom, that's what I saw and wanted to be and I'm grateful I did. It was the seriously every stage of it was fun. I just love my kids. I love loved all of it and I love where they're at now and yet neither of them want Children and I understand I certainly grateful that I'm not attached to being like a grandmother to their kids because Yes.
SPEAKER_R: parents at that too, I'm just not gonna do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's
SPEAKER_R: Day
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to day.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, there's no pressure. I want my kids to do what they want to do and be happy and they will anyway. So what the heck? I just love loving them through whatever they're doing. So in fact, my son, the metal kid Jamison is knows that I'm like going, I'm never getting married again. So when he got married, he was like, I know I'm sorry mom, I'm getting married. I hope that's okay. Like you're rebellious little bastard, you. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: that's one thing I know.
SPEAKER_L: That is so naughty of you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you know what I kind of feel the same way about marriage to, I mean, I just don't, it also just seems like such a construct to me that doesn't make any sense. And I look at the stats and what the hell am I signing up for? Like, it's over 50% you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: don't want to ask a judge if we decided it didn't work for permission to get out of my relationship. For one thing. It costs
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: you tons
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: money and we have always had a commitment to each other that we will stay together. We've been together 24 years now, so it's been a long time. But we'll stay together as long as it serves us um spiritually or however you want to put it. You know, just that it when we start like not being good for each other and not I don't think that will happen at this point. One of us all day first. But
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: you know. Yeah. Yeah. But then, well then we can just we can part in love and an agreement and say, you know what? It's time to move on. You do that with friends. I I I don't want anyone to commit something to me. That isn't the truth for them in the moment. I just I don't need to be that safe. Heck yeah, it would hurt if it didn't work and I'm a grown up, I can take it, I don't need a marriage certificate, it's just silly to me. So yeah, I mean but I I understand my son got it, got married because of insurance stuff, she has a more steady job. He's a type one diabetic and she was scared shitless having him go to europe all the time. And she said I just need to know you're on my insurance. I just needed so and she's fabulous. I love my daughter in law. She's like absolutely you know the bee's knees. So he picked, he picked well metering target when he was a security guard. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We're just the places, I'm pretty sure my parents don't even know my parents met, but they told me the story and it's entertaining to say, you know? But yeah, I think what time is up.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: This,
SPEAKER_L: you've been a fabulous.
SPEAKER_R: it's goodbye. Yeah. This really did fly by and I really enjoyed our conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. Thanks a lot. See, you will not
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: see you later. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. But she's the best.