Brandon. How are you? Mhm. One second month care. All right, my good to see
me.
Sweet. I'm almost yeah.
So how are you?
Hey,
my name is Helen? Yeah.
Hi, really? What are you up to? Okay,
Breaking.
Here in California.
No,
man, that's rough. That's rough.
I'm in new york city. Far from the virus is Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Last.
Let's
Yeah.
Crazy,
crazy
stuff. Yeah.
So Utah um so
good, good. Um
did you grow up there? Did you, did you move there?
which
is
even
No, you're fine. You're fine,
yep. Been here all my life. My dad actually grew up across the street from where I am right now. So
I'm in new york city, new york city. Um Yeah, believe it or not. I'm actually visiting my parents right now. I
live in, I live in uh the Upper East side in Manhattan, but I'm a historian right now. I'm not sure if you're familiar with the neighborhoods.
What?
Yeah. You're not alone. You're not alone. Yeah. Um
What?
Yeah. So just just graduated recently virtually of course um was a finance major, went to school here in the city. Um And uh yeah I mean I've been working at a start up for the last few months but the full time job we'll see um something lined up maybe in in boston in the in the next few weeks. But we'll see, we'll see keeping my fingers probably
Sweat.
No. Yeah.
Yeah boston is yeah. You know and and new york is just so different with you know with the covid and everything and I don't know, I just don't see it, you know, returning to to what it was. I mean how
can
it,
I feel
it. Yeah.
now my parents say the same thing, My parents said the same thing.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, my parents are, my parents on the older side to their uh my dad is 66 mom is 65 um yeah, that's the same thing. Sorry?
Not below 17 50 on on rent for a 300 square foot apartment. Crazy.
No
cheese.
I did
not know
that.
Crazy.
Crazy.
Well, I mean, we've, you know the home that were and now I'm pretty sure we have lived here. My parents have lived here since um you know, I was born and that would have been 22 years ago. Um I think they bought it for 1 90 or something then and the house right next to us sold for just over a million. And
that is so mind boggling to me because I love this neighborhood, it'd be great to live in this neighborhood, but I hear those
prices yeah, I'm not there yet,
I'm not there yet.
that's
the idea. Yeah.
Well that'd be ideal, right? Um You know it's funny, I definitely, I'd say so in finance it's very common to do uh internships, summer internships um You know just because there's less at stake for the company, bring you on for a few months and then after the after the few months they you know, they can give you a job. Um So I interned last summer um at a firm here at morgan Stanley um doing investment banking. Um And the hours were insane, but the pay was amazing um And but by the end of the summer, you know and we were just talking about it today when I came and visited my parents, it was almost a year ago today and they're like, you look so good versus a year ago, you know, my face was sinking in and probably had a little less hair than I do now and just, it was bad. Um but I don't know, you know, it's for me, it's definitely become less about the money. Um you know, and I'm kind of looking for stuff, you know, maybe some social impact stuff, you know, I think that's super cool. My mom is doing that and and then I think the money will come, but I'm just okay with being comfortable. Mhm.
All
stick.
No.
Hey, right. In an ideal world yet, you know, my mom is, my mom is the same thing fortunately, you know, she's, she's been um, she works for Sesame Street um and she's been there for probably like 25 years, but I think social impact is in her job title. So um she's all about that stuff all and she is probably happiest person, I know, happiest personality,
but
here we go.
No,
you're
fine.
It was
appropriate
creating
amazing.
I definitely could use that course. Um I, you know, my mom is super big into like meditation and stuff and she's very, you know, mindful and stuff and
yeah, you know, and we're very opposite. Like I, I ruminates sometimes I, you know, I reflect, you know, almost to a detriment and the perfectionist to an extent, but um, those aren't good quality and like I realized that, you know, as you know, I start to like get, I think a little older um
Yeah,
great.
It's cool, Cool. Okay, so they're, they're a little older now.
I'm
talking,
can't pick your family, you know? Um, so I am, I am curious. So um, Utah so you are around a lot of the mormon stuff?
so I went to catholic school and I don't buy it anymore. I feel like you know, almost uh the exposure to it, you know, 24 7, just made me thinking in question, you know, and think critically, um, I don't know that what is the, I guess religious climate in, in Utah right now and I guess where you are.
I
didn't,
No.
So
absolutely, absolutely, I it felt wrong almost, you know, and something to be ashamed of earliest, that's what I was told, uh, which
is
yeah, yeah, but you know, it's funny, my mom is, my mom is a religious, my mom is full catholic and everything and um she gets so much out of it and you know, when people say, you know, I'm atheist, you know, don't believe in anything, but you know, when people try to bash on religion or whatever, um, you know, I just point to people like that, you know, who get so much out of it, who get a community from it, um, you know, who don't try to shove it down other people's throats, um there's so much good in it, but there's also so much bad. Yeah.
Yeah. Right. What is the evangelicals or something? There are 40% of America now
it said.
it's
easy. No.
Yeah and and and it does take that, I think, you know, I think it does take the self reflection because and just the internal conversations that you know, you can have with yourself, it's it's scary but it's also you know, um peaceful in that sense. Um you know, you know yourself better than anyone else and there is zero
up time. Yeah. Right. I know, I know zero website to not being brutally brutally honest with yourself and at a point I step back and I just don't buy this, you know, it's not me. Uh huh
16,
that long ago.
No, I didn't like authority either. Too much rounds and ice cream.
brother and I was there. Yeah.
No, I'm not into metal at all. I did have, I did have the long hair though, but no metal
together.
In the year,
wow, interesting stuff. Very cool.
Uh
You know, I people, I have a cousin that's, you know, kind of doing the same thing. He's kind of known here in the US. You know, he was recently on like a singing tv show and it performs pretty often but still struggles to get by. But again, you know, it's like when I talk to him happy as can be, you know, he's loving what he's doing, he so enjoys performing. And um, you know, it just makes me think so many of these problems you must be in our heads or just this social construct, I don't know. Yeah. You probably know better than I do.
I I like to think I am too, but I'm curious. So after after you left the church, uh and I guess I'm kind of you know, doing the same thing right now. Um in terms of um purpose, I guess, I think it's very easy to find when you belong to a church and stuff like that. Um How did you, how did you find your purpose? That's a loaded question. I know, but,
but
So.
Absolutely.
you wouldn't.
You know.
it definitely does. It definitely does. Yeah. You mentioned the parent thing to um I'm curious. So, well what started that? Because my brother and I guess my soon to be um sister in law, they've been dating for like nine or 10 years or something, probably going to get married. Um But outright said I never want to have kids and you know, my parents super pro kid and I don't know, I mean, I'm kind of really enjoying where I am right now and obviously kids are a long way off, but um what made you, what made you feel that?
No.
What?
You
know that?
parents at that too, I'm just not gonna do it. Yeah.
Day
to day.
that's one thing I know.
yeah, you know what I kind of feel the same way about marriage to, I mean, I just don't, it also just seems like such a construct to me that doesn't make any sense. And I look at the stats and what the hell am I signing up for? Like, it's over 50% you
know?
Thanks
so
much.
Thank
We're just the places, I'm pretty sure my parents don't even know my parents met, but they told me the story and it's entertaining to say, you know? But yeah, I think what time is up.
This,
it's goodbye. Yeah. This really did fly by and I really enjoyed our conversation.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Yeah. But she's the best.