Hi there.
you're
good.
Mhm
Good
thanks. What's your name?
Hi, Killin. I'm Raylene.
not much, just having a regular
old day, we got smoke hear from the fires in California, but yeah,
no,
I'm not, I'm in Utah, but there they're affecting us here.
Where are you at?
like last,
not last november, I can't remember if it's been a year or two, The covid going on. Everything feels weird, but my step sons
house burned down in California because he was in paradise in that town that got burned down. Yeah,
so that's
hard for him to see crap
going on. So
Yeah
no, I'm not mormon. Right?
What?
No, I grew up in Idaho, which is
even
more
redneck, but but I hopefully am not too redneck.
Yeah. Did you grow up in new york?
Are are you in New york city? Are you in a town somewhere else?
No,
not so much. I mean, you know, I've heard the names, but I certainly couldn't map it out or anything, but then I'm map
challenged anyway, so
so
are you a student, are you working?
We lived in New Hampshire, just a couple, Well it was about an hour and a half from boston, so
that was pretty
had so beautiful there,
I
don't
think, I think life has changed for all of us and hopefully we can make it change so it works better for most everyone. I hope,
I hope
I don't want to go back to the crap. It was, I just want better. So I mean, I tell my kids so sorry that we're doing this corrupt you. I swear to God, I didn't vote for these people, but you know,
yeah, it's it's weird, I mean, you know, I'm I'm kind of younger than the hippie generation, but I look and think how could you guys have created this mess? What the heck,
I don't get it. I just, but you know, I'm hoping it's like, you know, picking up a piece of wood and you see all the bugs and crawly things and we can clean all that Crawley crap out of there and have a life that I don't know where people can buy a home and raise their kids and be happy and all that.
yeah, I mean even here in Utah, we have pretty high home prices. I mean they're approaching California prices because we're like the silicon slopes of the west, so we have tons
of tech air all along the corridor
and
our
home
that we bought in 2014 has increased in value by so much and I just think, come on, that's ridiculous. And how is anyone supposed to buy a home one starter homes are starting at 4 50 you know for cruddy
little
little pieces of trash holds. Yeah, I
what
but
I work.
Yeah, I mean, you know you chose the right the right education to get there but you
know,
Yeah and I hope you enjoy what you're doing. I hope you'll love it. You know that it will be a pleasant journey on the way to millions. So yeah.
my stepson is doing some really cool social impact stuff and it's really, you know, it's like he said it's right now he's making barely enough to squeak by even though he's consulting all over europe and you know that slowed down with Covid but he was speaking and you know, I didn't Amsterdam and places in Germany and all of that and so people look up to him as an expert and he's like doing social studies on the connectivity in transportation and how that
can help people live more fully without um you know, impacting the planet so much and talking about how to have payments, services that work across all the platforms so
people can easily do that. But you know watching him do that, he looks so happy and yet
he's stressing a little bit about you know the money part and we it would be really great if people got paid for their social impact as well.
That is so fun.
That's so fun. My partner and I are just writing a um an online course we love to teach. Um we're not like he's actually taught languages but um and finance actually. Um Yeah
for USC but where we were seeing all the stress people are doing, so we're writing a course on how to figure out where your views about yourself and your values of the world and the things you value, how you can parse through that to a let go of the beliefs that aren't serving you and stressing you because right now people don't know what the heck to belief. Sorry, I almost used the F. Word
but
you know they're
just like I can't
trust
any safety. Yeah. So
yeah so we're hoping to just like put that out there and people don't have to pay for it. They can just try
and see how it how it impacts their lives because it's helping us to do all this stuff. Like it's not supposed to be this way. What?
I'd like her, I'm sure.
well they're good when you use them and don't punish yourself with them. They can be really, really good because your detail oriented, I'm sure and you get things done in a very great, you know, a precise way, but when you start spiraling into those perfectionism things, I get it. Yeah,
I mean I I I watch my kids do that. I have two Children and 10 step kids, so we have a lot of kids. They're all grown ups now though. Yeah, the
youngest is just a little older than you, so
yeah, I've got a stepson that's only actually 12 years younger than me, so that's that's pretty interesting. Mm. Yeah, he's he in front of my very, I'm not mormon but my family, my sisters are in front of my very mormon family at a wedding set. My stepson oldest one said, so I was telling really things don't work out with my dad, we're pretty close in each, maybe we could date and my sister's ships. Oh, I mean of course,
I thought
it was hilarious, they were just stunningly shocked, went off somewhere at the regroup, It was so funny. I'm like, no, I don't kiss my stepson or Mhm.
Oh yeah, and it's a family thing, you know, I have polygamists in my background and all of that weird stuff. Yeah.
Oh, I would, I mean it's really disconcerting to see how many of these supposedly really good people are supporting trump and
are
okay with him sending people into Portland and things like that. It's, it's it's so divided and um there is a huge fallout, tons of people are leaving the mormon church, they are bleeding people, which it's not really,
it's a lot like Catholicism where people feel um it's their culture and they feel obligated to stay. It's even a little more insidious, it's more cult like just for my point of view over here. Um so
it's there bleeding people because there are so many parents who have kids who are gay or transgendered and they see how poorly they're treated in that church and in that culture. And so I'm in a group of like ex mormon women that's on facebook and wow, there's so many hurting people who just can't, they're seeing how much that was just a cultural life and a religious life to hate people. So I just see that it's, it's loosening and yet it's becoming kind of like our political life uh more yeah, more polarized, which is sad, but you know, and that's part of what why we're writing this course is there's so much pain for people not being able to let that go, which you know, maybe you experienced some angst when you were letting go, your religious beliefs.
Well that's
how they keep you, that's how you pay tithing and stuff, right? Uh huh.
and it's the true christians that give me hope. It's not the, you know, pseudo christian stuff that we're seeing, so
oh I know,
I don't it's a particular kind of crazy that I'm certainly glad I'm not a part of, but I understand people want certainty, I understand that they want
to know.
Yeah, I prefer to meditate and go inside and all of that. And what I found is I don't want to be mean to people, so I don't need a religion to tell me that, why why would I want to hurt other people? I can see them as part of me. So you know, until you do, you're in a work though. I think it's not apparent and people are afraid. They're taught to be afraid of their own natures and that's sad. So.
Which is frightening.
Yeah. When I when I realized that about, I don't know, I was probably 17
and I just realized what,
yeah, what's the point of living my life based on what other people tell me? I I just can't do that. I mean in the mormon religion they tell you what you can eat, but you can drink what clothes you have to wear. Um what underwear people where you know they wear certain underwear. Um and I was like wait no uh no thank you. My parents weren't religious so it was easier for me. I recognize and uh it just it just didn't make sense to me. It's like I can't have come on, come to this life to be obedient and not plus I'm fly see anyway, so it just didn't work for me. I'm
I was constantly in the principal's office, honestly. Yeah. Oops, don't tell my kids, no, I told them that's why I have to heavy metal kids. So both my sons are long haired, really doing their own thing. And yeah,
have you ever heard of a metal group called visit Gav
if you ever look up Visigoths, my my son
is the one with the long black hair and it, they're they're pretty well known and signed to the biggest
metal label and doing especially well in europe. Yeah,
yeah, he
still works other another full time job to support his music habit. But yeah,
I, well I don't, I just haven't read the book yet. I just listened to and um a pod. I don't know if it was a podcast but in a Youtube interview with an economist talking about how the way we view the economy is totally not right that we actually don't have to have a balanced budget that since the government creates its own money, we can take care of these ills and but and and I wish I could remember her name. I think her last name is Skelton K E L T O N. But it was super interesting to kind of mole over and think could we just solve this problem that easily? I mean we could obviously they find money to give tax breaks to the wealthy. So I don't know. Yeah. Well I do think the more we we because I don't know meditate and like ourselves and better the world is I don't know, that's I'm kind of an idealist but yeah.
No, no. Um you know the biggest thing I did was I did some some like group um personal growth things which I kind of hate the term personal growth,
like you need to grow and you're not okay the way you are, but that helped to sort of getting used to seeing people feeling their feelings and expressing their feelings and seeing people accept each other. I mean we had a guy who was just recently released from prison for murdering someone and people listen to his story and heard his experience and
you know, I mean we had people who were you know um molested when they were I mean there were 200 people in it. So there was a lot of stories and just hearing that helped me start to accept the places in myself that compartmentalized places that you don't want to look at. And honestly my purpose is to help people accept themselves and see that they are fabulous just as they are. And that just has happened through like working on myself and not accepting myself, feeling how much it hurts to judge myself. And that's kind of a broad purpose. But you know, I always knew I wanted to be a mom. So I got to do that. My kids are um, you know, adults now kind of doing their own lives and um, so now it's time to really like dig in and, and actually do what we're doing. And honestly, it's even though we're not charging for this, it's scary to put your heart out there and know that people are there going to be jerks about it as the internet is
and, and yet, no, okay. Who it's for. We'll find it, who, who's been asking for something like this will embrace it and use it and the others can just, you know, be negative if they want or whatever, but that's a lot of figuring out, Okay, I know who I am, I know what my, I don't know, I guess values would be a good, what I value and no matter
what, all those like clamoring voices out there say I know who I am and that helps you find your purpose and also what do you love doing? What like makes your heart sing, where do you lose your time when you just get involved in it and and you think holy crap, five hours just went by. I thought it was an hour Holy molly. That that's like kind of like you keep following those threads of passionate fun stuff and find, and I think that leads you to your purpose personally, at least I hope it doesn't have to be harder than that. I mean, you know,
uh huh done, I don't know if that makes sense to you,
You
know, I think it was in response to the kind of negative parenting I had, I wanted to know what it was
like to be a good parent,
you know, and I ended
up in a really nasty divorce, fortunately the partner have now, pardon me, what an excellent step dad to my kids. And so I got to sort of experience that. But I think I look back on it and a lot of it was religious conditioning, that's what women are brought up to be. So even though I left the church, I just always wanted to be a mom, that's what I saw and wanted to be and I'm grateful I did. It was the seriously every stage of it was fun. I just love my kids. I love loved all of it and I love where they're at now and yet neither of them want Children and I understand I certainly grateful that I'm not attached to being like a grandmother to their kids because Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's
like
Exactly, there's no pressure. I want my kids to do what they want to do and be happy and they will anyway. So what the heck? I just love loving them through whatever they're doing. So in fact, my son, the metal kid Jamison is knows that I'm like going, I'm never getting married again. So when he got married, he was like, I know I'm sorry mom, I'm getting married. I hope that's okay. Like you're rebellious little bastard, you. Mm.
That is so naughty of you.
I
don't want to ask a judge if we decided it didn't work for permission to get out of my relationship. For one thing. It costs
you tons
of
money and we have always had a commitment to each other that we will stay together. We've been together 24 years now, so it's been a long time. But we'll stay together as long as it serves us um spiritually or however you want to put it. You know, just that it when we start like not being good for each other and not I don't think that will happen at this point. One of us all day first. But
you know. Yeah. Yeah. But then, well then we can just we can part in love and an agreement and say, you know what? It's time to move on. You do that with friends. I I I don't want anyone to commit something to me. That isn't the truth for them in the moment. I just I don't need to be that safe. Heck yeah, it would hurt if it didn't work and I'm a grown up, I can take it, I don't need a marriage certificate, it's just silly to me. So yeah, I mean but I I understand my son got it, got married because of insurance stuff, she has a more steady job. He's a type one diabetic and she was scared shitless having him go to europe all the time. And she said I just need to know you're on my insurance. I just needed so and she's fabulous. I love my daughter in law. She's like absolutely you know the bee's knees. So he picked, he picked well metering target when he was a security guard. So Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Well,
you've been a fabulous.
Yeah, me too. Thanks a lot. See, you will not
see you later. Bye.