SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: hello
SPEAKER_R: What? How
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: are you? What's your name? My name is Carlos
SPEAKER_L: I'm Sean
SPEAKER_R: Sean. Where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in north Carolina right now
SPEAKER_R: A nice. In which city
SPEAKER_L: and uh and rockingham.
SPEAKER_R: broken ham. You don't live there?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in santa Monica. In California. What?
SPEAKER_L: you like it there?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I mean the weather is nice. It's a nice city. We live close to the ocean. Give me just one second. I'm gonna water to make some tea. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: how do you, I was a report of your life going?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's going all right. I have the day off work today. I planned on going over to a friend's house so he could pop some fireworks.
SPEAKER_R: So where do you live normally?
SPEAKER_L: Normally I live in pembroke
SPEAKER_R: So is that close by or?
SPEAKER_L: it's about an hour away.
SPEAKER_R: So you're staying there? Just just for the weekend?
SPEAKER_L: No it's because I go to college there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what you are right now is where you live with your parents or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. How's that? Are you scared of the coronavirus?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah definitely. A lot of people here don't really take it seriously though. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you're going with your you're wearing masks and all of that? Right. And it's just one friend or several friends?
SPEAKER_L: Just one friend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's better. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: we both work at the same place and we always wear
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: face protection and hand protection.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So what are you stalling? What are you stalling accounting? Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How far are you? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Um Well it's confusing because in high school I got a year done
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: already and then already had I had two years done. So I'm starting my third year this year.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: feel like it though, it's kind of scary that I'm going to graduate next year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but it's a it's a good job, I I do accounting as well, but I'm not an accountant, I just do bookkeeping, I have been doing that for a while,
SPEAKER_L: Do you like it
SPEAKER_R: it pays the bills, I
SPEAKER_L: in?
SPEAKER_R: mean in the past I guess if you're starting to be an accountant you're going to do much more than bookkeeping. Mhm. And
SPEAKER_L: So what do you, what do you do as a bookkeeper?
SPEAKER_R: I work for a company american company in the Philippines and uh so I'm the only one here in America and everybody else is in Manila and most of the clients are here in America as well, some of them in europe and I do all the building, charged the money and then you send it to the Philippines and so just uh invoicing charging pain bills and that's so if it's it's easy, that's a part time job, I just finished a PhD in media psychology. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm also I've been also working on branding and uh another stuff but I haven't found a job on that. So bookkeeping has been paying the bills until I get a better job.
SPEAKER_L: So how, what made you want to get your PhD?
SPEAKER_R: because I like to write and uh and I wanted to, I don't know, I felt like I already had a masters but I felt like I was getting stupid and I needed to study something else and I'm from Mexico originally and and then I I was always interested in psychology, but at the same time, well I never had a chance to study that and I didn't want to work with sick people. I mean it sounds a little bit cruel but it's uh if you're a clinical psychologist you're you're working with people with mental illness and and some of them are not too bad, but some cases are really really bad and and sad and I didn't think I was caught for that. And then I heard about media psychology so it's how psychology, how media
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: affects
SPEAKER_L: gonna be
SPEAKER_R: mind and behavior and
SPEAKER_L: always have.
SPEAKER_R: I just heard a radio spot and I attended a meeting and I didn't know very much but I liked it and I need a master's first and so it took me five years, I've finished my masters and then I decided to continue with a PhD and I actually just finished imagine. And uh it's pretty I like I like it a lot, it's uh nobody knows what it is, media psychology because it's kinda.
SPEAKER_L: I've never heard of that before, but it sounds really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I uh my research focuses on on narrative persuasion and narrative engagement and narrative persuasion. And I wanted to find out how to engage more people with fiction and stuff. So uh
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: right now they asked me to write a um a chapter for a book that my universities publishing.
SPEAKER_L: Well, no.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm working on that. And uh
SPEAKER_L: so you're a professor?
SPEAKER_R: okay I was teaching also last semester's right now, I don't have any classes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um So right now the only thing I have is a bookkeeping and it's just a jig. Uh But uh hopefully. Well yeah that's what I would like to be a professor. I like I like students and I like university life. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I love university life. That's one thing I'm kind of upset about because of corona, that life on campus is
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: going to be like seriously
SPEAKER_R: it's left.
SPEAKER_L: hindered from it and yes.
SPEAKER_R: but I want my whole PhD was online and so we met every soften and uh once
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: a year they had a winter session and then they had several meetings around the country and I attended a few, most of it was online I guess for people your age is better to socialize and make friends and hang out. That's a very important. But once you once you do all that and you're in a rush
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: finish I think it's nice to do it online because there are no distractions.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there was a lot of distractions on campus. It was like schoolwork was like a side thing even though it was my main focus, but not always but I always passed,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. And are you having a minor as well or?
SPEAKER_L: I thought about it. I was gonna minor in finance but I kind of not, I've decided not to because I don't really know if I can handle that course load while working.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So what are you working on?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a delivery driver at pizza hut.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so uh but you were in a mask and everything? Right. You're you're safe? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: How long have you been doing that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Almost a year now. I
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: like?
SPEAKER_L: recently got a promotion to cook their cross training me. So hopefully they'll take me off the road pretty soon
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: and I'll be
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: in the story making pizzas.
SPEAKER_R: Which one Do you prefer? The store? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because I have encountered some crazy people delivering. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: What what what has happened?
SPEAKER_L: like okay it's it's a lot of harassment especially being female. So I've learned to like carry pepper spray and always be like prepared to like leave a situation and like monitor, like I learned how to read different people. So like if I'm in a certain area, you already have this like sense of something and then I don't want to call it stereotyping. But if you go somewhere and you don't have really high hopes for it, you got to be more aware. And I remember this one guy, I wasn't even delivering a pizza to him, it was to one of his neighbors and he tried to get me to go into his house and I told him that I couldn't and he got angry and he was like trying to come grab me so I
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: had to hurry up and drive away in the car.
SPEAKER_R: How old was he?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man, he had to be at least 30. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like like a pervert like he was trying to a white guy
SPEAKER_L: No, he was a black guy.
SPEAKER_R: mm Well I would assume that the people that Harris you the most were white rednecks or on.
SPEAKER_L: I've had that too. I had this one guy who he was mexican and I was giving him his pizza and then he was like, he like grabbed my hand and tried to get me to stroke him and I I had to get out of there quick. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: how how late was it?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it was around maybe 8:00.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. Was it a sketchy neighborhood or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well, I wouldn't really expect much from that neighborhood because nothing much really happens there, but it wasn't a good neighborhood either
SPEAKER_R: And which city was this?
SPEAKER_L: in Rockingham.
SPEAKER_R: And Rocky? Sorry and I get confused. You go to school
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: pembroke.
SPEAKER_R: Pembroke and you are in Rocky? Okay wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So definitely
SPEAKER_R: I mean they
SPEAKER_L: scary stuff.
SPEAKER_R: they sound like small cities are they are very small.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're very small.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean you know when you were a guy you never get worried about being harassed or attacked or because nobody does it. I mean um yeah I can walk at night and uh I mean if it's a little bit scary yeah I avoid that but I'm never afraid of somebody trying to pull me into their car or into their house to sexually assault me or anything. It's just a like guys are not educated
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that way. We it's
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: not only that we need to be educated not to attack women and also we need to be educated to understand what women go through. Because uh that's how often do you report those people or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've told my manager, but nothing really gets done about it, but I did tell him to move me from away from the night shift. So I work during the day and that has helped like cut down a lot of the strange stuff I've seen.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh my God. That's that's that's your son self. How old are you like? You look like 1920, you
SPEAKER_L: 18.
SPEAKER_R: probably already 18. How could you be in 3rd year with 18?
SPEAKER_L: I uh it's a dual enrollment program, so I was in college while in high school and I had already finished a year of college last semester and I took some summer classes
SPEAKER_R: wow. Can you, can you start working on bookkeeping now? Maybe?
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to, but a lot of places they want me to already have experience and I don't really have experience, even though I have a bunch of certifications, it's like they don't really care about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But maybe you could, I don't know, maybe you could just, I don't know, I work for people that cannot pay so much. Just you can add it to your resume and give you the references of you. And do you have a linkedin page? Yeah. Yeah. You know what works? Uh well everything there even on paid jobs, you could work for a uh you could try a nonprofit and the vote maybe a few hours a week, which will be tough. But uh even if you're not paid, you can add that to your experience and then people people want to ask you how much you were paid there or whether you were paid. Well they made but but most probably not. And also give recommendations to people, give recommendations to people so they will feel obliged to give you a recommendation back. So you will get 20 and you will get 10 or less. But you want those recommendations. That's that's what I've been doing. Like uh most people don't use that feature but it looks very good. And uh yeah, it sucks because yeah, you should be working on somewhere on a safer environment. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's why I'm super excited about becoming a cook.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Actually. They were training yesterday because I am uh just the other day, like two days ago, I got stuck in some sand and I'm using my personal vehicle to deliver. And it sucks. It sucks a lot. I would not recommend that job for anybody unless you really need the money.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Well, you're young and yeah, it's good that you're working on. I mean, it's it sucks. It sounds like something that a grandma would say uh what it makes you a little bit gives you a thicker skin and you understand hard work when after I worked for some professors while I was in college. But I never really had a tough a real job until after I graduated. No boy took me forever and uh and I always wanted to make a lot of money and people wouldn't pay me that you have to start down and uh and trying to speed things up. But since you're since you're so advanced in college, yeah, maybe you can help people uh try to get more experience and bookkeeping. Are you planning to continue studying after you finish college?
SPEAKER_L: Um I thought about it but I don't know because my school does have a five year program, like no, it's a three year program, they call it the two plus 14 getting your bachelor's and then your your masters a year after, but the coursework is like very rigorous and I don't know if I can keep up with it.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean could you wait, could you take a break and then try the next year?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um I think because it's only available for undergraduates, so once you reach like, like once you already get your undergraduate then you're going to have to stay the two years.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well I will recommend if you have the chance go for it. Because when I when I finished my first master I felt like I'm never going to back to school, it's too much, I don't want to study its but I eventually missed it. And when I started the masters I remember when the media psychology masters, I remember before classes started I thought it was going to be super easy because uh the way instead of classes they would assign you readings and they will give you like four or five articles a week per class, maybe less, maybe just to and then you would have to post a comment on that and respond to your peers and it sounds super easy because there are like short articles, 15 to 20 pages age. So reading 100 pages that we didn't sounds like a little bit much, but not, not impossible. And then when I started everything, I was like, oh my God, I finished, I don't understand anything, I didn't understand one word. And by the, by the end of the first week or maybe by the second week, I was like, I'm not gonna be able to do this, but I have already paid, and uh and I'm like, well, I'm just gonna finish this trimester and this is it, it's too much, this is not for me. But I finished,
SPEAKER_L: Member.
SPEAKER_R: I got a B minus in my or B plus,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember what I got to be in my, in one class and a minus in the other one, and I was like, shit, I, but I just continued and continued and continued, and then and then felt like some people were asking me if I was interested in the PhD and I was like no it's too much. Once you do it, once you get into it eventually you feel it's like everything is like learning to ride a bike or doing exercise or just playing video games. You feel the first time you play a video game like this impossible, I'm never gonna make it. But after a few days of practice eventually you can do it and and you get used to it and and yeah it's stuff I would recommend you yeah get since you're already so advanced, finish it now so you can
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: enjoy, your brain is going to start making money when you're young and then you like to travel.
SPEAKER_L: Um I've never actually really traveled anywhere, but I would like to, the furthest I've gone was, well I'm from new york originally
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so of course I've been there. But the furthest I've gone was the mountains in north Carolina and I really enjoyed it and I want to do, I wouldn't mind doing more stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: From new york city or upstate
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_R: 2nd. And and were you, how how old were you when you moved to North Carolina?
SPEAKER_L: I was about three years old.
SPEAKER_R: Have you gone back to new york?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, Not really, but I do plan on it when
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: have? Do you have family there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my grandma and my uncle, I
SPEAKER_R: you should
SPEAKER_L: plan
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: seeing
SPEAKER_R: visit
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: them. Yeah. Once the pandemic is over or at least there's a vaccine or something. Yeah. New york is wonderful. Yeah. When I was in college, one thing I tried I'm giving you all these unsolicited advice. But uh I applied to every single scholarship or a trip that I could. I went twice to spain as an exchange student for free. The government paid for it. Then I went to wana Hatta which is a city in Mexico. And then my first masters I did it in Belgium. I got alone. So I mean getting alone here in the United States. Even if we love to complain it's so easy to get a loan for studying. I didn't have any difficulties really. Maybe maybe other people have, but I didn't, I just couldn't prove. And
SPEAKER_L: People are always trying to get me to sign up for some loons.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but do the federal ones because for instance, right now, we're not paying interest on the federal one. Put on the private ones, you have to pay interest. So that sucks. And they're not that cheap. And yeah, take advantage of that. Like in a way the student life is a little bit like the lazy life. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: But, but at the same time you're, you're learning a lot and cultivating your persona, your intelligence becoming a better person. So you're investing on yourself and at the same time you're having a great time and you're not going to get that at work. I mean at work, it becomes repetitive and you have to put up with awful people. I mean colleges, not all flowers and bases um But most,
SPEAKER_L: it's a new experience.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but most professors are kind of understanding and uh while bosses are not always understanding how has your boss.
SPEAKER_L: he's actually really cool. I feel like he's one of the coolest bosses I'll ever have because like whenever I tell him something, he'll just, he'll be like, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: Like yesterday I asked for like to be promoted to a cook and he was like, okay. And then he started training me that day and I just,
SPEAKER_R: that's really nice.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I just wish he handled something's better. Like the thing was getting harassed Like that that's a big one because I remember when our store we actually had a one of the managers had corona and we had to deep clean the store and then people from other pizza huts across the state had to come and like the big upper managers came to and I was talking to them about it and it's still nothing really being done.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Do you have a twitter account or,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I that's something that I mean. But uh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it probably happens too much more people than than you, so that's something that you should, people need to be aware of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's why I like because my friend also works there and I told her that she has to be aware because she's not the most aware person. So I told her she always has to be on the lookout for something and to like before she get out her car, look around and make sure nobody is hiding or anything and some uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to say that that sucks completely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then like sometimes you don't want to wear the pizza hut sign because that will make your car a target. So it's definitely not the best.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: But I'm glad that I have a job at least because I know a lot of people don't, especially during now
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And uh now your team when at the kitchen is uh is it makes most men or women are most?
SPEAKER_L: um in the kitchen, it's I'd be I'd be the second woman cook or the first only like woman cook like as my soul job because the managers also cooked sometimes when we're really busy. But as like of now if when I get that position I'll be the only main woman cook. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mm
SPEAKER_R: the people you work with are also in college or most students or not? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: most of them are, that's why I like my job because even though I get to put up, I have to put up with a lot of stuff, it's still like I'm still into college environment because everyone there also goes to college and we can all talk about stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yes. So what have you been doing during the pandemic, just? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I've been working a lot. This is my first summer that I haven't taken any uh online summer classes and I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying my little bit of free time. I have. But even when I'm not doing like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: basically if I'm not having like free time I'm at work because I've been working really hard, trying to buy a new car,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. What do you want to buy?
SPEAKER_L: uh something that works in something that's reliable because my current car, it is on the fritz. That thing is as old as me
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. So how big is what is the name of rock
SPEAKER_L: rockingham.
SPEAKER_R: rockingham? How big is it?
SPEAKER_L: Um, Population Wise, I'm not really sure. I wanna, I can actually Google it really quick. I want to say 5000.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's super small.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's nothing compared to uh in
SPEAKER_R: Angeles.
SPEAKER_L: California. Yeah. Let me see.
SPEAKER_R: I mean 5000 people. Probably. Everybody knows each other,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, it's 8000 and in the neighboring city, which I, I like to associate them as like one big city because they're both really small. The other ones about maybe 5002.
SPEAKER_R: But do you have to cross the country to get to the other city or they're like together? So there's like nothing in between.
SPEAKER_L: there's nothing in between. So I just call them the same thing. They kind of sound like the same thing like Rockingham and then Hamlet. But it's nice here for the most part
SPEAKER_R: How's the weather?
SPEAKER_L: hot. It's very hot here. It when it rains, it's heart brain. It's not cold rain.
SPEAKER_R: And the winter are cold, the
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: winters are cold now.
SPEAKER_L: no, we we almost never have snow here.
SPEAKER_R: How cold does it get?
SPEAKER_L: Um the coldest I'd say it gets is maybe about 50°..
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, wow. So yeah, that's not too bad. Right.
SPEAKER_L: It's always hot here. It's always beach weather.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh So how far are you from the ocean?
SPEAKER_L: The closest to an ocean is about two hours away in south Carolina at Myrtle Beach. It's pretty there, but I'm definitely not going to risk it with corona.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You're too young. And uh even if you don't get too sick, you don't want to put your parents in Imperial and and other people.
SPEAKER_L: I have to get on them about that too because my dad, he's not really as strict with his face mask and where most worried about him because not only does he forget to wear his mask most of the time, but he's also like he's a smoker
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: and then he has diabetes and it's just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's bad.
SPEAKER_L: you need to take it more seriously like a lot of people here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the base this is bad. But I read um and I mean don't take my word for it. You could google it the the french we're suspecting that. Um And if you are currently a smoker, nicotine may protect you from from the coronavirus because the receptors of uh the what you call them the mom. So the chemical nicotine attached to a special receptor which is the same receptor that the virus would use to enter your lungs. So so nicotine acts like a like a lead uh to prevent and and that's why very few smokers were getting sick. That's why they suspect that. But you can google it. I mean but it they suspected the nicotine was protecting people. But at the same time if you have been a smoker, your lungs are already damaged. So you're putting yourself at risk if you smoke. Uh And they were doing a trial using patches of nick cotton to help people uh Well to see if it works and uh and that's it. So what time are you meeting your friend? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: we're gonna meet around seven or 8, Get a little bit dark so you can see the fireworks. Did
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you have anything planned for today?
SPEAKER_R: no my husband, I'm married to a guy. He is actually visiting his family in Tulsa and uh so I'm alone. I'm planning to go for a walk later. I'm not meeting anyone. I don't want to get sick I think is I'm very concerned about him because he bought the ticket back in March and thinking that things would be over by now. But they aren't yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because we lifted restrictions way too soon. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And he's only with his parents and being careful but still he's getting onto a plane four times because it wasn't a direct flight. So I don't want to risk any more. Like uh I
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: think he's putting ourselves at risk
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: already by doing that. I don't wanna I don't wanna meet other people and do that and I'm not very social so it's fine,
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: I'm.
SPEAKER_L: neither. That's like my one friend is like the only person I really talked to.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well yeah, I I only talk to my husband, well we've been in isolation for since March and
SPEAKER_L: So by isolation you mean like you haven't gone?
SPEAKER_R: no, we we go to the supermarket and we go out for long walks. It's really nice to go out on a long walk here because Santa Monica is really nice. I have to say that the weather is perfect, like the winter is like 55 at the coldest, but mostly around 60 the summer right now, the summer the highest will be like 90 in a bad day. But normally I would say 70' Right now it's kind of hard, 73 right
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: 73° there.
SPEAKER_R: 22.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well let me let me it's 95° here. Wait let me see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah, that's hot.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it's it's always hot here. You can't go anywhere without sweating every time you get into a building you gotta go like this.
SPEAKER_R: That yeah and uh that's what I like about Santa Monica right now, 72 is it's a little bit too hard for me to go out for a walk but I'm planning to go out for a long walk later and uh and then just stay home, watch tv. I have a lot of things to do so work on the computer, even have been underemployed all this time but at least making enough money to pay the rent. And my husband has kept his full time job so
SPEAKER_L: What does he do?
SPEAKER_R: right he works for an interior designer firm. He's uh he's a
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: minor yeah he
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: does.
SPEAKER_L: another thing I used to want to do was to be like a, like a house flipper, does he do that
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: kind of?
SPEAKER_R: he does renderings like illustrations of how the house will look afterwards. He does drafting. And so they work for super ultra rich people and they have to plan every single detail and uh things that I would never know about it. So so they have to be super ultra X. Act and the dimensions are always big. People have like these ridiculously big homes with massive bathrooms and stuff and he has to has to make sure that everything will fit and most of the furniture is made for the house. So uh uh he's very exact on that. I mean even in he bought furniture, we have a little uh balcony I can show you so our place doesn't look design at all. But but uh when he was planning this little balcony he made an illustration we face a part that's nice. And the water is when he was planning this uh Mhm. This uh balcony, he draw an illustration and measure all the furniture and all that and normally that's something that I would just go and buy the chair and hope that it fits. So he has to plan his every movement before before they change the house.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds really stressful. That sounds like a like a lot of added stress to something that could be simple, but if I was ultra rich I'd do that to to have somebody do that for me.
SPEAKER_R: They have a client that uh I think it is the owner of the U. S. C. Or the one that started the franchise. I don't know they have so much money and they bought a yet that is 100m long. And uh and they used to they have been building the yet for like three years or something. He hasn't even finished and he's not working on it. But a coworker of his is working on the yet and every time that I go to his office I see the pictures of all the diagrams and all the plans of the yet and it's like it just looks so march and so ridiculous. But but at the end I mean I've seen some of the houses and they are looking just marvelous.
SPEAKER_L: It's hard to believe that some people have that much money to do that. That's crazy to think about.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah. So much inequality and so much they could do so much with that money. But I don't know, it's easy, it's easy to say that oh, if I had that money I would give it away. But I don't know one once you have the money, I don't know. I don't know if I uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's see what you can do with it first.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Well I think we're over the 25 minutes. I don't know if you want to continue talking or
SPEAKER_L: Um It's up to you, I don't really mind.
SPEAKER_R: well let me, let me grab some tea. Let me move the camera. The place is a little bit of a mess. Yeah. So Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. What
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to ask you like, what do you like to read or watch? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I don't really do much reading anymore, but I used to read a whole lot of Stephen King novels and
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely on Earth. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's my favorite thing to read. And for like watching I like I like sitcoms not like Friends or anything but I like a show called New Girl. I've been been to watching that on netflix.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I have never you know I think I watched it once yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's really funny. It's good for like lightheartedness. Nothing too serious.
SPEAKER_R: I like dramas. There's a
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: serious that I am obsessed with it. Uh It's called My Brilliant Friend. It's an HBO have you heard about it?
SPEAKER_L: No is it on netflix too?
SPEAKER_R: No it is on on HBO but it's very good and mm There are only two seasons And each one is eight episodes. It's not very long but uh it's based on four novels by a woman called Elena Ferrante it's an italian series. It's so sad but that's that's the kind of stories that I like. Sad stories that's heartbreaking and all that. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Do you cry at the when you watch it?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Um They make they make you want to cry but I don't think I cried with these ones. I'm always a little bit embarrassed to cry right? But at one movie which is I wouldn't say it's it's an amazing movie. It's a little bit silly. One movie that I cried a lot was P. S. I love You.
SPEAKER_L: I've never heard of it.
SPEAKER_R: It's like 15 years old. And it's so it's a little bit of its as much. It's a little bit a comedy but not very much. And it's about uh this girl um and her husband. It's very it's very cute and sweet this story because it starts with them having a bad fight. And uh but then by the end of the by the end of uh they keep fighting. But then eventually they decided to reconcile. And then the next scene is his funeral. It's really it's really sad because he dies.
SPEAKER_L: Oh so they're not together by the end of the movie? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: what he did was he knew he was dying because he had cancer. So the beginning of the movies, their regular life. Then you don't see all his cancer. You see him you see his funeral and he left her a series of letters. And uh so each letter arrives with a present or with a task for her to do. And uh so she has to do that. And it makes me just thinking about it makes me want to cry like that. And I actually met the uh it was based in a novel and I met the author at the book fair and it was her first novel. And I think it makes Enemy cry because the guy is this actor, what's his name? You know the guy from 300? It's an irish guy.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Right, Well, do you know the film 300?
SPEAKER_L: I don't really watch a lot of T. V.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh what is his name? I forgot he looks a lot like my husband. So uh so I guess that's why I was it was the first uh film that I cried so much watching it and I cried at the movies and thankfully there were not many people there. Mhm. But it's a very good movie I would recommend if if you like that kind of stories to like love stories and uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm definitely going to say that
SPEAKER_R: yeah P. S. I love You is with Hillary Swank is her name and his name is Gerard maybe. I don't know, he's very handsome and it's a good movie. It's it's not it didn't win best picture. I don't think I want a lot of price is a little bit corny but it's it's very sweet and that that's the kind of movies I like and and the serious my brilliant friend. It's uh it's also very sad and uh that's like kind of stories I uh I like uh
SPEAKER_L: I like like the mysteries but I don't like stuff to be too long and drawn out.
SPEAKER_R: I have one that is perfect called Miss Fisher's murder mysteries. Have you heard about it?
SPEAKER_L: No but I'm gonna save that right now. You
SPEAKER_R: Miss
SPEAKER_L: said this picture
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Miss Fisher. Miss Fisher murder mysteries. That was on netflix. I hope it is still there.
SPEAKER_L: all right I saved it,
SPEAKER_R: it's very good. You will like it a lot because he's very feminist and she's like you will like it a lot. And uh and what else is good that I have watched serious Babylon Berlin? Although it is a little bit confusing at the beginning, Babylon Berlin. It's uh it's set in Germany before uh during the Y mar era before the World War Two. And it's pretty good. But uh if you if you if you want things that will make you feel powerful and make you feel good at the same time, Miss Fisher mortars mysteries. There's your mom I suppose. Yeah. All right, okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: girl. And she's looking for my ice tricks.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Don't worry.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so sorry. It's right there inside the ice. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. You're welcome.
SPEAKER_R: No. Lord. So I wonder, I wonder what they're
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: stunning here.
SPEAKER_L: having problems. Issues.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of cure that. That's why I wanted to have the conversation. I I am I am I have no idea that there are no instructions of what we should talk about. Right. So
SPEAKER_L: They said they would give us something, but I didn't see anything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think after after we finished with this. Uh huh. And uh you have to answer a question or something. That's nice. Uh remember in the 90s. So if you're 18, you were born in 2002. So
SPEAKER_L: 2001.
SPEAKER_R: 2001 You have always
SPEAKER_L: My birthday
SPEAKER_R: lived
SPEAKER_L: is coming up soon.
SPEAKER_R: you have always lived with the internet and uh yeah that was the internet already when you were born. And you have always lived with computers. And how old were you when you get your smartphone? Your first one
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Like an actual smartphone or like a phone that that's called.
SPEAKER_R: or a phone? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was about I think 11 years old when I got a little track phone so I could call my mom to come pick me up from school.
SPEAKER_R: So in the 90s I remember when the Internet started, it was so slow because it was whole dialogue and and the faster was was at the universities and there was only one room for computers and uh I love to go there just to chat, used to lose time and and chat. And there were it was all text based and I met all these kind of people have all these silly conversations and there was this place it was called something something like Warner broadcasting something. And uh in the same chat, it was a child room and a lot of people could go in And people will be texting and but imagine having a conversation with 40 people, so you may be following one or two, you couldn't follow everyone and you you wouldn't be able to read everyone and uh and then you would start talking to someone else and this and that, but uh people would get into fights and it was addictive and people just it sounds so silly because you couldn't see people, it was people that you uh wouldn't uh I mean we don't talk to strangers on the street. Yeah, we don't say, hey, I would like to be your friend, you look cool, like that would be the weirdest uh thing to do.
SPEAKER_L: Because you feel safe behind the computer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because you don't know what kind of weird or you're gonna get, I mean yeah, I mean Especially uh because you're young and you're cute and you're a woman and you have to like be safe, like I'm older, I'm gonna be 46 this year, so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: wow. You do not look 46. I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: was guessing like late 20s.
SPEAKER_R: no like good lighting, maybe. No, no, thank you, laura. But uh yeah, and I have two nephews about your age, well I have a niece about your age and a nephew a little bit older. Uh he's going to be well much older, he's gonna be 28 this year, Or he's already 28 But my knees is 18, She's gonna be 19 in November. And uh she is very uh I think she's very popular, she's kind of she's nice but I bet she's a bit of the mean girls at school
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: was more of a loner. Especially in high school college is when I kind of like came out and started being a little bit more social, but still not really having friends with like a lot of people who knew me.
SPEAKER_R: And I think your generation has an advantage because uh you get I mean even if we love to complain about television and movies and all that, you can choose what to watch and we we didn't have that option. We have a few channels and you watch was popular what was on tv and uh you can follow people on instagram or Youtube and get and get educated uh in different things from them and you can choose your own path and then you don't need to prove anything. I mean people people in your generation don't do that many drugs but I think uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I mean even though it's becoming legal, a lot of people I know smoke weed but nothing more like serious.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah and and and they're not they're not uh experimenting with meth or crack
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: or cocaine or stuff and that and my generation is still experimented much more than that because you didn't you didn't well you knew they were dangerous but now you have much more sources of pleasure I would say enjoyment and uh everything is is more open, you can be yourself, you can do whatever you want and uh again connect with people from other ideas and uh so you're lucky to live in these times even even I mean even if we have the worst president ever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mom screams at the tv all day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: even uh I I feel proud that this thing that the black lives matter is happening right now um Yeah even I'm not happy that George Floyd died and Brianna taylor and on Brianna sorry but I am happy that so many people are opening their eyes and and joining the uh the fight and like be recognising the injustice and and working in on all this together and so it makes me feel optimistic of what the future will be. Yeah we you may think that like the world is coming to an end and stuff but being aware of it and one thing to fight against injustice and all that and much more people are willing to do that. It makes you hopeful and and yeah there is a pandemic and yeah there are a lot of people dying and yes we should be careful but uh it's not like in the middle Ages that where you wouldn't know why people are dying and uh and you I mean now you know you can use a mask, it's you can help. So.
SPEAKER_L: you're not completely exposed.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And uh, and and I think that's why your generation is so great because you have all this knowledge acquired from inherited from, from your previous generations. And it's so easy for you to get that information. So it's not that you are just automatically, you were born better than everyone else is that you are better than everyone else because you inherited all the knowledge and all the experience from everyone else and you're still acquiring as you're young. And uh, but uh, that's why I I strongly recommend that you follow that masters and continue and and keep keep learning. I haven't made any money though. Like I'm a bad example on that. But uh, I
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: have some
SPEAKER_L: had fun though
SPEAKER_R: have fun. I feel, I feel smarter. I'm happy. And uh, we we do all right. And uh, and I haven't suffered too much. So I'm not making tons
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of money.
SPEAKER_L: not a lot of people can say they have a PhD
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's nice and it's doable, it's totally doable. It just needs you should always do what you want, especially right now and accounting is what you wanted to do or what you felt you needed to do.
SPEAKER_L: Is what I want to do. Like I wanna I want to do a lot of things but I feel like I like there's not enough time to do it.
SPEAKER_R: and I always try to Uh one lesson that I learned is you will make money from the things you actually like if you love what you do then you will figure out the way to make money. It's when you force yourself you think I mean in my case I like I like accounting, I like bookkeeping because it's easy and relaxing for me and I know that but I don't want to do that all the time, it's not my thing. Uh but it helped because I was good at it and there are a lot of things that I try to do, but I would never uh my heart was never on it, like facebook advertising for example, or google advertising, I try to learn about it and I was like I just hate this, it's just not for me and and I wasn't able to uh to uh progress
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: on that or make any money, but when your heart is on something then then then you start finding, opening the doors and because just just having a good movie is what helps you. Mhm. one thing that I learned from a class from positive psychology is that uh self steam, we're always worried about keeping a high self esteem and we think that self esteem is related to our self judgment, like how valuable do we think we
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: are,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: but it's actually related to your mood if you feel happy and you feel content, your self esteem goes up. So whenever your self esteem goes down like you think I'm not gonna make it do fun stuff, Things that will make you feel happy and will make you laugh and make you love life and that those things that are going to make you feel more valuable and powerful and yes, I can do this and if you feel like you can do that and uh which is a mhm some things as you Uh huh when you don't know that mood can affect you so much, you just let it happen. Mhm mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I need to go to the bathroom really fast. I don't know you want to wait or finish
SPEAKER_L: can we can
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: hang
SPEAKER_R: you want.
SPEAKER_L: up if you want. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay let's hang up. Very nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: It was nice meeting
SPEAKER_R: Congratulations
SPEAKER_L: you, too. I
SPEAKER_R: on your new job. New position.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. I enjoyed talking with you. I liked all the advice. I'm definitely going to take that to heart and
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: reconsider
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: getting my masters.
SPEAKER_R: I I gave a lot of unsolicited advice, which I'm very bossy but I just you just look like such a beautiful person that uh that I feel like uh I mean it's not creepy. I feel like protecting you and being nice to you. Well nice meeting you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you, too.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Have a great day
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: now. I don't even know what to do Here. Are this is sound. I think we should just close this or what do we do? Um Okay when your conversation is complete uh Please return to this browser tab when I'm with the survey. Yeah. Um I guess we should just uh I think we should just close it and and see what happens. All right,
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: nice meeting you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: meet you, too.
SPEAKER_R: form