hello
thanks.
I'm Sean
I'm in north Carolina right now
and uh and rockingham.
No.
you like it there?
All
Um It's going all right. I have the day off work today. I planned on going over to a friend's house so he could pop some fireworks.
Normally I live in pembroke
it's about an hour away.
No it's because I go to college there. Mhm.
now.
Oh yeah definitely. A lot of people here don't really take it seriously though. Mhm.
Just one friend.
we both work at the same place and we always wear
face protection and hand protection.
yeah.
Um Well it's confusing because in high school I got a year done
already and then already had I had two years done. So I'm starting my third year this year.
It
doesn't
feel like it though, it's kind of scary that I'm going to graduate next year.
Do you like it
in?
So what do you, what do you do as a bookkeeper?
wow.
So how, what made you want to get your PhD?
It's
gonna be
always have.
I've never heard of that before, but it sounds really cool.
mm hmm.
Well, no.
so you're a professor?
okay.
I love university life. That's one thing I'm kind of upset about because of corona, that life on campus is
going to be like seriously
hindered from it and yes.
Hello?
In
my
yeah, there was a lot of distractions on campus. It was like schoolwork was like a side thing even though it was my main focus, but not always but I always passed,
I thought about it. I was gonna minor in finance but I kind of not, I've decided not to because I don't really know if I can handle that course load while working.
I'm a delivery driver at pizza hut.
definitely.
Oh man. Almost a year now. I
actually
recently got a promotion to cook their cross training me. So hopefully they'll take me off the road pretty soon
and I'll be
in the story making pizzas.
because I have encountered some crazy people delivering. Yeah
like okay it's it's a lot of harassment especially being female. So I've learned to like carry pepper spray and always be like prepared to like leave a situation and like monitor, like I learned how to read different people. So like if I'm in a certain area, you already have this like sense of something and then I don't want to call it stereotyping. But if you go somewhere and you don't have really high hopes for it, you got to be more aware. And I remember this one guy, I wasn't even delivering a pizza to him, it was to one of his neighbors and he tried to get me to go into his house and I told him that I couldn't and he got angry and he was like trying to come grab me so I
had to hurry up and drive away in the car.
Oh man, he had to be at least 30. Yeah.
No, he was a black guy.
I've had that too. I had this one guy who he was mexican and I was giving him his pizza and then he was like, he like grabbed my hand and tried to get me to stroke him and I I had to get out of there quick. Yeah. So
Um I think it was around maybe 8:00.
Uh Well, I wouldn't really expect much from that neighborhood because nothing much really happens there, but it wasn't a good neighborhood either
in Rockingham.
In
pembroke.
Yeah. So definitely
scary stuff.
Yeah. They're very small.
What?
Hey?
Yeah. I've told my manager, but nothing really gets done about it, but I did tell him to move me from away from the night shift. So I work during the day and that has helped like cut down a lot of the strange stuff I've seen.
18.
I uh it's a dual enrollment program, so I was in college while in high school and I had already finished a year of college last semester and I took some summer classes
I'd like to, but a lot of places they want me to already have experience and I don't really have experience, even though I have a bunch of certifications, it's like they don't really care about that. Yeah.
Mhm.
That's why I'm super excited about becoming a cook.
Actually. They were training yesterday because I am uh just the other day, like two days ago, I got stuck in some sand and I'm using my personal vehicle to deliver. And it sucks. It sucks a lot. I would not recommend that job for anybody unless you really need the money.
Um I thought about it but I don't know because my school does have a five year program, like no, it's a three year program, they call it the two plus 14 getting your bachelor's and then your your masters a year after, but the coursework is like very rigorous and I don't know if I can keep up with it.
Mhm. Um I think because it's only available for undergraduates, so once you reach like, like once you already get your undergraduate then you're going to have to stay the two years.
Member.
No.
No.
Um I've never actually really traveled anywhere, but I would like to, the furthest I've gone was, well I'm from new york originally
so of course I've been there. But the furthest I've gone was the mountains in north Carolina and I really enjoyed it and I want to do, I wouldn't mind doing more stuff like that.
I'm from Brooklyn.
I was about three years old.
Uh, Not really, but I do plan on it when
my
Yeah, my grandma and my uncle, I
plan
on
seeing
them.
People are always trying to get me to sign up for some loons.
definitely.
it's a new experience.
he's actually really cool. I feel like he's one of the coolest bosses I'll ever have because like whenever I tell him something, he'll just, he'll be like, okay.
Like yesterday I asked for like to be promoted to a cook and he was like, okay. And then he started training me that day and I just,
yeah, I just wish he handled something's better. Like the thing was getting harassed Like that that's a big one because I remember when our store we actually had a one of the managers had corona and we had to deep clean the store and then people from other pizza huts across the state had to come and like the big upper managers came to and I was talking to them about it and it's still nothing really being done.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah that's why I like because my friend also works there and I told her that she has to be aware because she's not the most aware person. So I told her she always has to be on the lookout for something and to like before she get out her car, look around and make sure nobody is hiding or anything and some uh huh.
Yeah and then like sometimes you don't want to wear the pizza hut sign because that will make your car a target. So it's definitely not the best.
But I'm glad that I have a job at least because I know a lot of people don't, especially during now
um in the kitchen, it's I'd be I'd be the second woman cook or the first only like woman cook like as my soul job because the managers also cooked sometimes when we're really busy. But as like of now if when I get that position I'll be the only main woman cook. Yeah.
Mm
most of them are, that's why I like my job because even though I get to put up, I have to put up with a lot of stuff, it's still like I'm still into college environment because everyone there also goes to college and we can all talk about stuff.
I've been working a lot. This is my first summer that I haven't taken any uh online summer classes and I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying my little bit of free time. I have. But even when I'm not doing like
basically if I'm not having like free time I'm at work because I've been working really hard, trying to buy a new car,
uh something that works in something that's reliable because my current car, it is on the fritz. That thing is as old as me
rockingham.
Um, Population Wise, I'm not really sure. I wanna, I can actually Google it really quick. I want to say 5000.
Yeah, it's nothing compared to uh in
California. Yeah. Let me see.
Oh yeah, it's 8000 and in the neighboring city, which I, I like to associate them as like one big city because they're both really small. The other ones about maybe 5002.
there's nothing in between. So I just call them the same thing. They kind of sound like the same thing like Rockingham and then Hamlet. But it's nice here for the most part
hot. It's very hot here. It when it rains, it's heart brain. It's not cold rain.
No,
no, we we almost never have snow here.
Um the coldest I'd say it gets is maybe about 50°..
It's always hot here. It's always beach weather.
The closest to an ocean is about two hours away in south Carolina at Myrtle Beach. It's pretty there, but I'm definitely not going to risk it with corona.
I have to get on them about that too because my dad, he's not really as strict with his face mask and where most worried about him because not only does he forget to wear his mask most of the time, but he's also like he's a smoker
and then he has diabetes and it's just
you need to take it more seriously like a lot of people here. Mhm.
we're gonna meet around seven or 8, Get a little bit dark so you can see the fireworks. Did
you have anything planned for today?
Yeah because we lifted restrictions way too soon. Mhm.
People
what?
me
neither. That's like my one friend is like the only person I really talked to.
So by isolation you mean like you haven't gone?
It's
73° there.
Oh well let me let me it's 95° here. Wait let me see.
Oh yeah it's it's always hot here. You can't go anywhere without sweating every time you get into a building you gotta go like this.
What does he do?
that's cool.
That's
another thing I used to want to do was to be like a, like a house flipper, does he do that
kind of?
that sounds really stressful. That sounds like a like a lot of added stress to something that could be simple, but if I was ultra rich I'd do that to to have somebody do that for me.
It's hard to believe that some people have that much money to do that. That's crazy to think about.
Yeah. Let's see what you can do with it first.
Um It's up to you, I don't really mind.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't really do much reading anymore, but I used to read a whole lot of Stephen King novels and
That's my favorite thing to read. And for like watching I like I like sitcoms not like Friends or anything but I like a show called New Girl. I've been been to watching that on netflix.
It's really funny. It's good for like lightheartedness. Nothing too serious.
Hi.
No is it on netflix too?
Do you cry at the when you watch it?
I've never heard of it.
Oh so they're not together by the end of the movie? Yes.
No
I don't really watch a lot of T. V.
I'm definitely going to say that
I like like the mysteries but I don't like stuff to be too long and drawn out.
No but I'm gonna save that right now. You
said this picture
all right I saved it,
girl. And she's looking for my ice tricks.
I'm so sorry. It's right there inside the ice. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Right.
Thank you. You're welcome.
I'm
having problems. Issues.
They said they would give us something, but I didn't see anything.
2001.
My birthday
is coming up soon.
Oh man. Like an actual smartphone or like a phone that that's called.
I was about I think 11 years old when I got a little track phone so I could call my mom to come pick me up from school.
Because you feel safe behind the computer.
wow. You do not look 46. I
was guessing like late 20s.
I
was more of a loner. Especially in high school college is when I kind of like came out and started being a little bit more social, but still not really having friends with like a lot of people who knew me.
I don't know. I mean even though it's becoming legal, a lot of people I know smoke weed but nothing more like serious.
No.
Yeah. My mom screams at the tv all day. Yeah.
Yeah.
you're not completely exposed.
He
had fun though
and
not a lot of people can say they have a PhD
Is what I want to do. Like I wanna I want to do a lot of things but I feel like I like there's not enough time to do it.
Well.
You
know?
Yeah.
can we can
hang
up if you want. Yeah.
It was nice meeting
you, too. I
thank you. I enjoyed talking with you. I liked all the advice. I'm definitely going to take that to heart and
reconsider
getting my masters.
to meet you, too.
You too.
Bye.
to
meet you, too.