Oh,
all right, just one second.
I just
built a bunch of water everywhere. Right before
here, so I'm still a little frazzled
all over a computer all over my desk. It's
but I think I'm okay now. How about
that?
what
I speak to joining? My name is Jeff.
Have
you done
one of these before I mean.
I think that's about right for me to
But.
Yeah. Yes, I've been happy to do them. They've been a lot of fun. He said you live in Georgia,
Uh I'm in Oregon right now. I have a sister in Oregon, a good friend in savannah and another sister in Tennessee right now.
come
from
big
family,
so they're
all over,
I have a big family, so they're all over.
No thanks,
spend my new hobby
with quarantine.
Um they're called franco pops and the company franco has gotten licenses to all sorts of different ones and they're so they're all sorts of different genres like this is my Disney row here. These are all different Disney owned characters and These are some 80's cartoons that I grew up watching.
yep, the ninja turtles, yep, they're down there. Mhm.
Uh Far over here, that's actually Jack's Killington, he's doing like a mouth, he's pulling his mouth make a scary face.
Uh Yeah, I like a lot. I typically won't buy them unless I really uh have a strong connection to it. Some kind of nostalgia. But this this role right here is some of my favorites. I like animals because I'm a drummer.
Yeah, go further up even more. Yeah,
But yeah, I like these ones, these are Bill and Ted from Bill and Ted's Journey and Abraham Lincoln. And then up here I have superman and batman and stuff all over the place.
Yeah, it's been fun. I got into it because of this guy on the far end.
His
name is Ash, he's from a like a real low budget movie that was popular in the early 90's and
Evil Dead.
That's
that's really cool. Yeah, I grew up loving that character in that story and having fun with them. And then uh when I saw him in a store, I was like final finally by one of these and then it was like an addiction after that, it was
so
something like Ash vs Evil Dead or something like that.
I think
it was on netflix or something.
there's a lot of fun.
I collect these guys, this is on a the large majority of these came after quarantine with all the prolific money that I get, We use it as like free money for me and my wife. So most of all my prolific money actually goes into all the pumps and
yeah, it's there's price on them, but I don't like you have to keep them so meticulous and in a box and everything else. I like him just for the nostalgia. So as long as
I can
find it,
if I can find him at a good price, then I'll pick one up that I like.
Um Anything from $10 is
like the lowest. Typically When they, when they come out new there usually around $10 somewhere. Uh huh.
And then I think the most expensive I thought was
$40 or $45.
Um I think I think it still might be ted from Bill and ted, oh yeah, he
was really expensive.
Same thing with other collectibles. There were fewer made and fewer in good condition
still.
and
then
These guys here and here are from the Thundercats 80s cartoon and they were more expensive too because there were just fewer made there for like some convention or something like that.
not yet. But I mean my whole collection is probably Out of box, they're probably not worth much more than maybe $1,000 altogether. But
it's
still
worth it.
Oh. Uh I don't remember I think 70 or 80 somewhere in that ballpark.
Thanks.
she doesn't mind it. This is my corner here. Uh Oh my god my computer. And you're on my work computer right now and my wall here and then I have a couple of light sabers and my drum kit over there. So I have I have the majority
of the room. It's starting to grow a little. Okay I was trying
to figure
out how to get my light sabers over here, but
Why
did spread?
Just
a little bit?
the next
is this fall? What?
Yeah, that's kind of neat.
I work for our school district, do technology for them.
Yes, it's been it's been a wild ride for
us, foreign technology
because
our
district was very, we're kind of middle of the road with technology, you know, we're there if somebody needed us and then once we went remote, everything was heavily dependent on us and we didn't have the support structures in place to really do. All of that has been an interesting
nine months for us.
um their school couldn't make up their mind fast stuff, we have
them in a
private school nearby and uh their school was kind of flip flopping what they wanted to do. And we kind of understood at an earlier stage that we, we weren't going to be able to go back
and then uh, with some health complications in our family, it became really evident that we weren't going to be able to even risk that. So we went into uh, home school system that's out
of florida actually. And
there
is the, on your own, they even have, I forget the terminology, but it's like a, it's like a no school kind of idea where just living, you're getting the experience and they count that as credit now. But our kids do really well with structure and they really need like a good curriculum to be engaged and challenged them. So, uh, my wife was able
to find this place
and some of their curriculum was already in their school to begin with. And that's
kind of where we found out about them. So
it
was
familiar.
Probably not, uh, if things become safer if, if there was a good vaccine or if we found even medication that dealt with this a lot better, then we'd probably go back to being in person because it's so important for the little ones. There are only 3rd
and 4th grade.
I would still go with private here.
That's
Yeah, No, I mean that's accurate. It's weird to see even
so From when I was growing up, I graduated in 97 and our
rival
school was
public school literally catty corner from where we were, we were on one corner and they were on the other corner. And uh, the students that applied themselves did find, you know, they did well for themselves and graduated well and, but those that just skated by, we're so far further down the ladder, like, like they just, they didn't have that have that drive to learn and to do better. And it was evident even then, and now that I'm in the schools here and like last year I was heavily in the high schools, that was my primary school that was taken care of was one of the high schools. And so I got like a lot of first hand experience of what the kids are doing in classes and how they're screwing around and just not doing what they're supposed to do. And it was like, I worry about that. I hope at some point, like that's not a good snapshot of what the next generation will be, but more like maybe this is where they are in maturity and then there will be something to bring them up to that next level. But I don't, it's hard, it's hard
I don't go into search histories. That's that's one
of the benefits
were largely support. So it's more
if something breaks
will go and fix it and then my job transition to doing all the software stuff. So as we integrated new systems for all the remote learning that got
thrown on my plate and how to integrate that with all of
our accounts and stuff. Yeah.
I got full real fast.
Being
in the classrooms
for one and then I was in the office a lot talking with all the office administration and uh I got real close to the principal and a couple of vice
principals and even some of the
counselors.
You see a lot of emotion, it goes all over the place.
Yeah, that's a big part of it I think uh we have a generation of people who haven't matured and grown up having kids now and they think that they can kind of escape by with this and it's it's not a good infrastructure, it's it's not a good way to set foundation for the future generations because they'll just keep
going down and down.
all
the
crazy
stuff,
it's been interesting. A lot of people I deal with uh we get a lot of complaints from the families that are like very low tech, they don't want their kids on the computer all day, you know, and uh they say technologies so bad, but really
it's just another tool, I mean it's the same difference as having any other tool you they use it for good to use it for bad, it's all about
That's a big part
two.
It takes it takes an active involvement. I mean, we see it even with our 3rd and 4th grader, it's it's you really have to be involved. You really have to be engaged. And at the end of your day, you feel wiped out and you don't feel like you want to play that game anymore. You don't feel like you have five minutes
to spend with him. That's kind of what you have to do. You have to
they didn't
ask to be brought in, you brought them in so. Yeah.
Yeah.
My thought
on those
things are kind of more like the shark stories where you hear about a shark attack and then everybody gets free to go in the water. I feel like these things have probably been going on for generations and decades and but now that we have higher information, higher bandwidth for everything that we're finding out more about it
and where most of us feel like that that could have happened today and then we find out about it and then it gets sensationalized and then, you know.
Uh So have you guys been keeping safe through the pandemic?
Absolutely.
Well,
Uh yeah, we hunkered down right away uh right before
this in february, I got diagnosed with a like irregular heart so that
when they when this all hit and they said, you know, if you have heart disease or something wrong with your heart, it was like uh
yeah, we just figure this out. So I think there's probably a good time to just kind of lay low and not go anywhere.
Absolutely.
Yeah, or take in mind every monday to try and keep track and train and get it down
Not yet, thankfully. Um Really, what they what will probably be an inevitability is that I'll have to get a pacemaker because it's more electrical. So with the normal heart you have four different things that kind of trigger for your pumping, like, you know, kind of like that. Well, mine's just doing the one, the other three aren't working anymore, so
it kind
No problem,
we're not sure. I went in for knee surgery and that's where they found out. They hooked me up to the monitor
and the lady that was doing all the hooking up noticed
a very telltale sign where when the pulse goes up, it usually just comes
down while mine
comes
up and then does like a little bunny
ear and then comes down and that's the heart beating that first time. And then the muscle contracting the second time just out of the like the electrical signal going around the heart. Yeah.
So yeah, it was it was fortunate that they did find it, but we're trying to see one if I have any chest pains or anything that's noticeable that would be related to heart. And two of everything just functions well. And so far, the only thing that's been weird is uh when I start exercising
sometimes my my pulse coat Accelerate. It'll just stay right right about where it is, right in 60, 70, 80 beats a minute Instead of going to 120. And
then what I found
out recently is that if I slow down and kind of get my get my movement back down to speed about where that pulses and then slowly raise it up, it does fine. So
it's something
with my
heart
rhythm along with that. Mm
Yeah, it's been really interesting to try
to
figure it out.
I'll get fatigue. Like how I noticed my heart wasn't keeping up was the first was a stress test
when we were just kind of diagnosing my heart.
And then the other was were out in our garden beds shoveling a bunch of dirt, trying to dig up potatoes. Yeah, I just noticed like it was it was a lot of work, like it shouldn't be this much work and I took my pulse and sure enough it was really low but really strong too. So it's like off beating blood pressure
for blood speed. So. But yeah, it's happened a few times now when I've been exercising too and it's just this last week or two I've been trying to experiment with, how do I monitor that and how do I regulate it? And that seems
to be if I slow down, let my breath kind of catch
them, then it kind of kicks in.
It's a little
scary, but I don't have any pain or anything with it, so it's just kind of how my body
is acting. I'm going to
go,
That's
true.
Yeah, Thank you.
I'm
getting
older.
Yeah. And that's what I found out at the time. I thought I was the third of the six of us that had a heart condition. So I phoned up all my brothers and sisters and said, hey, you know, I just got diagnosed with this, so obviously there's half of us and another brother was like, oh no, I've had issues too, so that you're the fourth of the six of us, so we all have something weird with her heart.
My dad passed when he was pretty young from cancer and my mom passed from cancer, so neither one of them had anything that we knew of, but four out of the six of us all have something
boy
I don't know.
Absolutely.
thankfully you are safe.
Yeah, I agree. Yeah.
it has been. Thank you very
much.
Thank
you very much.
take
care
you
too.