Yeah. Hi there.
No
problem.
Oh
no.
my gosh.
that's
fine. I was gonna tell you if I start wiping my eyes or whatever it looks like I'm crying my eyes. My uh I have dry eye and they just start watering sometimes so I just I'm not upset or anything. I just set
my name is Joni.
Hi Jeff. I
live
in Georgia.
This is my This will be my 7th one this year. So it's my last one.
You know the first time I read about it?
They made it think they made it sound like um that was what it was for that. That was your limit for that particular section of the year. And now I realize it's the whole year. So I'm like oh rats.
I think. Yeah. Where do you live?
well you're like my husband, he has were nomads and he are there nomads and they have people everywhere and
like
the F.
B.
I. They
got.
What's that?
I like your little friends there in the back.
So
what
what characters are those? Because I see him but I don't really know a lot about them.
Oh I don't know anything about 80's cartoons. I can see the um what is it? The pizza ninja turtles?
that one on the very end. The White looks like a storm trooper. You
Well I know that you get asked this, but which is your favorite?
so there's one above the there's three that I see, wow.
Oh my goodness. Look at all those eyes looking at me. Oh that's neat.
those are so cool.
Which ones
that uh
was that uh Ash like a that that horror movie? Well
you know Yeah you know I went to school with the actress that was in the Evil Dead two. Uh Kassie Wesley, She
was in my class. Yeah,
He
had some kind of thing come up after uh like recently in the last few years, Ash kill something or does something?
Let's see that. That's
it.
I hadn't I'm not into that genre that much. Um But I mean I can appreciate, you know uh the interest in it and it was pretty cool for the time. Uh
Does maybe the stuff um I used to collect, I used to collect uh Well, I still kind of do, I mean I don't anymore, but I still have a vintage clothing um which I don't do anymore, and then I used to collect albums um and then we got to where we move a lot and I was like this is just too much, so I don't do that anymore. But I don't really collect anything anymore except dust bunnies but.
Is there like a price on your collection? Is it collectible kind of things are more your thing?
I
understand
that.
Well like how much do you would you in what range would you have to pay?
Ach.
Oh that's not bad.
What
was it?
Wonder
why? Oh
not
necessarily popularity. It's just not that many made. Right okay.
I don't
understand that.
Do you have them insured?
well to do let's you
know
how
many do you have?
Okay. Well it's really impressive. I like it.
Does your wife. I see you have a ring your spouse like the collection and yeah. Uh
You're
making
your
man cave? Is man spreading. Yeah. Well
that's
neat.
You
really freak me out when you went up and they just kept going and going and going
country.
Well I let maybe make you get you a circular while in there and then you can see all of them while you're on the computer. Yeah.
You say you said you work, Where do you where do you work?
You're the second person that I've talked to. Uh No actually the third I talked to a math professor from my college and a teacher from a junior high. Um And so you're involved in education stuff too. So you're the third person so that's pretty cool. Yeah
I'll
bet
I'll
bet.
All
that. Yeah. Well the whole country has just been just you know, new territory all the way around. I mean are your kids in school like are they part part online in part school or
just
the facts?
Great.
No,
I didn't know they had systems set up. I thought it was kind of you're kind of on your own. But I guess you have to have a curriculum of some kind and you
know.
Thank
you.
So
you're
gonna
they're
gonna continue even if even if we get a vaccine and all that stuff, you're still gonna continue with?
Well,
I mean private or public though. Right.
Yeah. I certainly would too if I had kids or grandkids or whatever. Well, grandkids, I wouldn't have a choice in it. But um Yeah, I don't know. I think public schools are turning into detention centers basically. I mean, I don't think the kids are really getting an opportunity to learn anything because the teachers are too busy trying to parent the kids
and you know, they've got yeah, it's sad. It really is. I mean, I see, I see all kinds of examples uh in journalism, very obvious examples of they don't know how to write sentences, they don't know how to speak properly. They don't, you know, it's just what happened to english. I mean, you know, when you read a news article, like perfect example, yesterday I read a news article um from I want to say Daily Mail or something, which is not, you know, a press salon in you. Sophistication, but it's still, you know, it should be, you know, literate. And I read it four times before I finally understood what it meant because they were just, there should have been some commas in there or rewording or something because it was just God awful. I can't even explain how bad it was. And uh I bet a lot of people probably didn't even go any further to read it because they thought, well, you know, threats, the articles like this, How am I going to understand any of it? And the article wasn't much better? So, you know, you don't know who to blame the journalists or the editors or or both, or it's just so pitiful. Um but get off my soapbox.
you
For
this
one?
I'm sure the search histories you've seen are probably astounding.
you
can tell, you can tell just from what you do, how they are.
Thank
you. Very
it's just
eat
But I'm
I'm done, cut me off. I'm a little confused because I thought that you were uh you were saying that, you know, you were seeing the sadness about the, uh, what students, how they're behaving and stuff like that. How can you tell that in the, in the work that you do
just
during
Would
be
a lot of crying. I bet you,
It's, you know, it's like, once again, it's just their parents. I blame the parents. The parents aren't expecting anything out of their kids. They're not forcing them if the kid doesn't do well and it reflects back on the parent, the parent turns around and says, it's the school's problem. You're not teaching my kid, right? You know, that the schools don't have any parents support anymore. It's like the parents are authorities authoritative figures. They're not there to help them. There, there's there to make them look bad. You know, it's like, you're not gonna tell me what to do. I'm gonna do what I want to do and I learned and I learned if I don't, I don't, but I can go, you know, then I can complain because I can't get a good job and then I complain because you know like you only get a job at Mcdonald's or something. So you know, this responsibility is going out the window. I'll tell you.
I
mean uh destruction. It seems like it's more fun than education or learning or being good or treating others right? Just uh and I think internet has been great, but I think as far as one upmanship and I can do this grocer thing better than you can, you know, or ipod tide pods. I mean, I know we were
kids.
We
did
stupid, we did stupid things, but I don't think we really ever did anything like that. I mean just, you know, it just amazes me, you know, I mean, eat buggers. My God, they won't kill you, but don't eat pot type gods. No.
Well,
it's society. I mean, they're holding them back if they don't allow them to get involved and learn how to do it right safely. But then then again, some of those parents probably don't have any idea that there what their kids are doing online. You
know,
they get online, you know, they're getting online, anywhere they want to get online. So um you get my cell phone, it's got access to, you know, So, yeah, they they're at a disadvantage. I think that if they don't let them just, you know, it's kind of like um when a person's, well, no, that's not really. But I mean, they're they're not doing them any service to just keep them distance from everything, like, like, sheltered, because then I'm going to mature, but you have to keep a rein in on that too, or they're just gonna go wild, so um
All
Yeah. That's
parenting.
Uh huh. And
is it my imagination or is child abuse up up? I mean, maybe I'm just saying, you know, I look at facebook and stuff like that uh, for the news, news, uh, bunny years news and uh, you know, it's like, is it really this predominant now because it seems like there's one case after the other of people abusing their poor little kids and some of the kids are pretty well off upon age that, you know, there was, there had been, you know, agencies stepping in and they still end up getting killed. So, you know, it's like,
it's
like,
Yeah. That's
that's a good point. That's a good point because I mean we don't, it seems like there's terrible weather and, and uh, there's more earthquakes and all this other stuff and, but it's because we have the internet, we have, you know, we're global world now and so, you know, more about stuff. So yeah, what else can we talk about instead of parent? Yeah,
I mean, you know, I got housebound or you know, homes homesick, what am I trying to say anyway, board somewhat, but I'm more of a homebody anyway, kind of an indoor cat. So, you know, except for going to library. I really miss that. And they decided now they are finally open, but they had to proceed, you know, uh, necessary procedures and I'll go anywhere without, you know, my mask on. And I've always done that and the clothes are not gloves, but hand sanitizer and stuff like that. So um and I, I applaud stores that have the gumption to go ahead and say, look, you can't shop here if you don't wear a mask because you know, everybody's got to do something, I don't care how paranoid or uh collusion, how much collusion, governmental collusion, they think there's going on and they're just doing it to get, you know, put something in them or make them do something, it's obvious people are dying, so you know, you have to use common sense um and do the best you can. I
think, Yeah, I think in some cases some people, you know, you just can't avoid it. I mean you're just going to get sick no matter how careful you are, but I think that people are just going out and doing life like it's, you know, ordinary day are asking for trouble and I don't
feel sorry for me at least. I mean that's not very christian of me but you know when you go out and you have a party with three or 400 people and then you boo I'm sick or or your carrier and you made your 101 year old grandmother died a terrible death because you were you know a dumb ass, excuse my language then you know they just don't they don't deserve my pity. So so how are you all doing
what?
I'm sorry.
Oh
you know that the timing? I mean even though that's terrible that the timing was pretty good knowing
my husband just recently uh we had gone we did the buddy system for a doctor's appointment and the doctor took his blood pressure and I was up a little bit and so then he took it a little later and it was still up even though he'd been sitting you know and so he said well I want to keep an eye on it and uh we may have to start your medicine and he listened to his heart and he heard it skip a little bit. Um But so far we and we end up getting a blood pressure medicine of a blood pressure machine and he's been taking it and it's still running a little high but not anything you know my husband says well it's not that bad, it's not that bad but if it's up a little bit at all because heart attacks running his family it worries me every time you can hear that machine going I know my blood person going up. Good thing I'm on medication already.
and I didn't I don't we have humana through Medicare because I'm disabled um and we were able we can spend $75 a month free money so we get prescriptions and over the counter and then I got the blood pressure checker with that. So that was really nice of getting you know, being able to get it without, first of all not paying anything and secondly, haven't it here at home? Um So that worked out real good. Um So the daughters got showing high blood pressure medicine or?
Did it
like over a period of, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you have
did it happen slowly or is it kind of a sudden thing?
Well,
I'm excited.
I'm
going
to open
beautiful
goodness.
Stop.
So.
ahead.
What's
something
like
that,
wow, that's fascinating.
Do you
believe?
No. Uh huh. But you and you haven't had any symptoms? I mean that's really that's really weird,
beautiful.
What?
Fuck you.
No,
that's
scary. I mean, I know for you it has to be scary for me, so I know it's terrifying for you. But
you
Well
but
you're not you're not pre paranoid like I am. So
I mean
it's come from my, you know, depression, anxiety days, my medication works great now but I still have a little lingering, you know, I didn't have to, you know, like it's not it's fine, it's fine, you know? But well I certainly wish you the best for that. Um If you have to pacemaker put in and God bless you um
you're so young too. I mean is there
history and you're
feeling
anything like that?
okay. And your parents did, one of them? Are both of them have?
My my husband's um had 10 uncles um on his father's side. No, Yes father's side and
I think every one of them died with a heart issue and so that's what I worry so much about him. Um and then they had, I don't know if they have prostate issues, but he's already had his removed and his brother just had his removed. So but bless the Lord God they got to it quick and you know uh just yank it out and be done with it and uh so really blessed there um you know sometimes I get aggravated with situations in life, but then I look back and I think this could have been so much worse. Perfect example. Um recently we uh I finally got to go to got tickets to go to a seminar that was supposed to be for active shooter seminar and that sounds just, it was really exciting and interesting to me. And so it was on a Saturday morning, late early on Saturday morning, about 2030 minutes away from here. And so the day before I'd gone shopping at Evans, which is like 15 minutes away and on the way home I was like about a half a mile from home and this truck was stopped in front of the light and there was anybody behind me and I went to push my brakes and they went all the way to the floor and I went, oh and I think I didn't say a customer that just went, oh no, like that. And the truck happened to turn as I was going to slide into him, so you know, so then I just go real gingerly all the way home and have to make it left and I just make sure to make it where I can like just kind of quickly turn after traffic and stuff like that and got all the way home and uh then uh we'll just needs to fluid I guess. So the next day didn't worry about it too much, and now the evening, that evening, my husband said, well let's take a look, they put some fluid in it and had to hit the brakes and it just all went gushing out,
no brakes, so uh oh, I was so you know, and he was just like, I wanted to go this seminar already spent $40 in tickets, bah bah bah bah bah. And then the more I thought about the stupider, I felt like it could have been so much worse, we could have been on the interstate going 60 you know and it go out been in a horrific accident or even got down to in town and had to have a truck, you know like uh the garage we go to of late which is a lot is just down the road so we would have been all the way down in there to have a tow truck, pick us, you know up, we would have been stranded somewhere and not have anywhere to go. So I mean it just worked out if it's gonna happen, it worked out the best way it could have worked out
and then I got I got home safely and everything so it was more money that car is costing us so much money left and right the last couple of years. But you know it was given to us by his brother so you know, we won't have any money to start with. So. But yeah, that's just kind of my maturity coming on like it could have been worse quit complaining. But
yeah, yeah, like you know, you're uh prognosis of your heart issue before Kobe coming along, you know that was that was a blessing. So
but uh Well we've been at it longer than 25 minutes, but it's been a pleasure.
Well
thank you very much, Jeff and I wish you best of luck and your health and Covid and school and with your kids and your lovely wife I haven't met and
you're
very welcome. Hope you
have a good
day,
Take