SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: hear
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: me?
SPEAKER_L: you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Does that sound okay or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not bad. It's mine. Fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I can hear you clearly. Um I have I have my fan on in the room so I don't know if it's too noisy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, it's not bad at all. I couldn't even tell.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay good. So hi first time doing this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too
SPEAKER_R: No, it's my second time. I was asking if this is your first time
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: birthdays,
SPEAKER_L: all. Yeah, no, this is my first time doing like
SPEAKER_R: Michael?
SPEAKER_L: this specific. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I did this before with prolific too. Um Yeah, so I figured um why not? I had a good experience the first time, so.
SPEAKER_L: good. Um
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I'm Gabrielle. Hi, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: hi I'm able
SPEAKER_L: Hi, Mayville.
SPEAKER_R: for you're in the U. S. Or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I'm from south Carolina button in north Carolina right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool, I'm in California right
SPEAKER_L: open?
SPEAKER_R: now. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Suffering from the sweltering heat.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same here. It was like 95 today.
SPEAKER_R: Oh it is. I don't know what it is today. I think we hit 100 we've been hitting like 100 the past few days so it's very
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: hard to sleep and everything. So how are you doing now? Are you working from home or still going out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, kind of, I've, I've just been doing, I'm actually a college student, so like the break. Um So I've mostly been doing like prolific and other like online stuff to make some money and doing some user testing and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: I have used retesting open as well in my. That's funny. Also you're on a break summer break. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so this is, I'll go back to school in august, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: course are you taking?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm a cognitive studies major, so it's it's like psychology. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Um What specifically do you study there?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Um I studied like learning and memory. I'm an undergrad.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's pretty cool. Um Undergrad like are you a freshman or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to be a senior next year.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's nice in august right? The next next school year is august right? Um I took up an anthropology in college actually so I guess it's pretty close so it's still social
SPEAKER_L: Still. Yeah. So what do you do now?
SPEAKER_R: Um I work I'm considered an essential workers so I still go out to work. Um I work at the warehouse in Apple and my part time actually is for amazon I'm a shopper so that's a critical job but it's you know in a grocery store and it's part time so the hours are not bad, it's like if you're grocery shopping for yourself so you know it's fun, it's fun and I
SPEAKER_L: it's all
SPEAKER_R: guess dangerous kind of way nowadays. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: these things
SPEAKER_R: mystery
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: story.
SPEAKER_L: seemed fun are no longer you
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know as
SPEAKER_R: not just fun
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: but more like I don't know, I feel like I'm in a apocalyptic uh computer dream or something, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: it's a Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: sorry go
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: what? No, no you
SPEAKER_L: Ask
SPEAKER_R: you first?
SPEAKER_L: the how how's the whole pandemic situation in California?
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: Is it
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: still like are you all still in lockdown?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um Well they've closed the shops back again.
SPEAKER_L: Not here. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't really know if it's if we're as lockdown as before, like in March and april everything was really locked down, like there's something specific announcement that
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: everything is locked down the things opening, but now I think it's a little bit
SPEAKER_L: Welcome.
SPEAKER_R: more confusing because they open, they were supposed to open restaurants and then they changed their minds and then you know, so I think now it's actually more dangerous because people feel suffocated from staying at home so they're just like after this and going out. Um So there's a lot more people out in the like because I
SPEAKER_L: The.
SPEAKER_R: shop in whole foods so I'm there the whole day um There's a lot more people coming in but at least the
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: store that I work in um they have like a limited number of people that can come in the store. There's a line now waiting for we, you know we go in so I don't know really. There's a lot more cars like a couple of months before it's like a ghost town. I love driving because you know there's no traffic at all. But now it's like um and I think it's um California recorded the most number of deaths so far, like maybe a couple of
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: days ago, highest number of infections. So yeah. Overall not good for California. I thought we were doing really well. Like I was proud like a couple of months ago, but not anymore, except maybe
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: san Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: we were doing like you know I saw it like it seems like you know we're doing okay and then they open everything but they like open things too fast and so now everything shut back
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: down again. Um and like tourists, so I live in like a big tourist city. Um and so people were coming from out of town and like going to restaurants and going comes in like the beach and stuff. Um so then like it spread like really fast. Um so now they're like shutting things back down and they didn't even uh they didn't at any point you have like a mask ordinance,
SPEAKER_R: Are.
SPEAKER_L: like where you had to wear a mask to go to stores and stuff. Um So they just like implemented that a few like three days ago um to try to down the spread.
SPEAKER_R: I think in California be like a couple of weeks ago, um I think san Francisco was a lot stricter because I'm in north California, so I'm close to stanford, relatively close to san Francisco um when they were the first county to lock down in the country, like when all this started, they had also one of the longest lockdowns and it's similar to new york right now because I know that like about 80% of people, if you go there you'll see them wearing masks. Um and um because I think they really learned, I heard that they were the hardest hit from the spanish flu before because people were just like, I think during the, I don't know, 1918, 18, 18, um, I'm not so familiar because people were partying out in the streets, you know, when the soldiers came back from World War One and I think other states for canceling the welcome parade, san Francisco is like now we're going to party. So they partied and then they, you know, suffer the consequences and they had the highest. That's right. I think so. Now they said that, no, we're not gonna make the same mistakes. So they closed everything down. But other parts, it's just like, you know, voluntary
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: wearing a mask. So I see a lot of people not wearing masks here or if they do, they like wear it like with throws open, you know, out and about. And I'm like, it's the same as not wearing them. So it's uh, I mean when I was in, when I was in whole foods like early March, I was wearing a mask. I was the only one that was, I had to ask my manager, you know, if it violates the dress code, but I didn't feel comfortable working and you know, hearing about the virus tonight, I knew it was going to be big and I want to have people like employees come to me and ask, why are you wearing
SPEAKER_L: Your first,
SPEAKER_R: a mask? Like it doesn't work. You should remove it. And I'm like, just mind your own business. You know, I'd wear, I'll wear my mask. So I, I'd have them like lecture me for like maybe five minutes and I'm like, we should be working, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm surprised there's so many people that are against it. I feel like like people where I am are more like, like you shouldn't be able to make me wear a mask, you know? But they're not they're not like usually against other people wearing them. So that's kind of surprising.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It is, it is, I am taken aback as well. My boyfriend is Norwegian so he's stuck in normal right now and he's kind of upset because he can't, he can't visit, you can go. So I was like, well I can't go because we were planning on me going to Norway during the summer um and I was like well you know, they're not gonna let me in because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: they did such a, this is a great um this is just a great thing and locking everything down because now people can go back to school um people are going in camps, you know and having like um sounds like a fun summer because people are barbecuing, you know, he would tell me like he would send me videos when he said his friends, you know, barbecuing and I'm like having a pool party and I'm like, oh my God, I don't
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: have that
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that sucks. But like it was one of those like, like we could have gotten back to normal if people had just responsible in the first place, but now we're like stuck here forever.
SPEAKER_R: They're like really if they didn't get excited about opening up. Yeah, now it's like longer and he's like, and he's like, I can't even visit you because even if I could, they won't let me back in Norway. It's like, oh yeah, yeah, that's a problem. So it's a bummer because he's he's asking the same questions. Like, why aren't americans? Like, why are they wearing masks? Like, what are you doing? Why is why do they consider it? It's like such a big deal. I mean, in Boris, you know, sometimes they would say no shirts, no slippers, no shoes, no shirts, no entry. So isn't it like that like the same thing? And I'm like, I don't have answers for you. I know it's also frustrating because, you know, it's just, you know how people would say, I can't, you know, I can't breathe properly with a mask on, like inhibits my I don't know, oxygen intake and it's just crazy. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: You can't breathe properly if you're dead.
SPEAKER_R: I I want to see like doctor saying, you know, if you're worried about not breathing properly even with wearing a mask, then you should be afraid of getting the virus because it's so much worse. And then I would see like pictures of, well drawings of the intubation, see like how far down the throat it goes and how painful it is. And I'm like, I don't know how to make people realize that masks are you know, against you living there. They're there to help.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It makes it it makes it easier to be a person that harder. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um it feels nice because you're anonymous. You know, you it's funny because I saw this video before like this girl who would smile that people through her mask. But then she would apparently you think she was smuggling but then she was just crinkling her eyes. Some people will think she's smiling and then when like when when she's at home she sometimes forgets. So sometimes the people talk to her and she doesn't have a mask that she was just crinkle her eyes but not least tomorrow looking for a guy she forgets and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: also
SPEAKER_R: you know that's funny. But yeah because I come from an asian country right? Asians are asians would like wear a mask at the drop of a hat like especially if if they're they're sick themselves like we would have like colds you know some um sometimes people would have their allergies, they were their mask just so they won't bother other people around them. So for me it wasn't a big deal. I didn't like you would see people wearing masks like you know year round there would always be people wearing masks in public and it wasn't a big deal like people just wear masks you know and here um yeah I was just surprised how how many people are supposed to wear masks and they're like equating it to my body my choice. And I'm like, that's so ridiculous. What are they talking
SPEAKER_L: It's like
SPEAKER_R: about? It's a mask.
SPEAKER_L: like yeah you know the whole like social contract thing of like, you know we have to like protect other people. Like like part of living in a society is giving things up. Like one of
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: those things
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: your face sometimes,
SPEAKER_R: I know it's just really frustrating, right? And
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: thinking I'm so worried for my parents because I live with them right now and they're both senior citizens and my brother is here with us as well. They're all working from home and I'm not so I like every day I'm more sure that um I might be taking home something, you know, I can't stop working. My brother, he's just like in his room all the time, he only goes out to get food or whatever. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so every day I have to be, I'm so paranoid going home. Like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I would I was just
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: in my room and I'm here because yeah, and I'm like, uh if people would just care a little bit because you're right, they would say that, you know, you can wear a mask so I'd be protected, but I don't have to wear a mask, I'm not required. So I've been reading a lot of articles about american sense of individualism versus collectivism, you know, and
SPEAKER_L: I honestly like that I've been thinking about that a lot too. That like, like why did America have such a hard time dealing with it? Whereas other countries were like yeah we got this. I I really do think it is because like americans are so like it's like all about us, you know instead
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: of the people.
SPEAKER_R: it's more about, it's all about me and what I can do, I think, um I don't know, I don't know what it is about America's history that they're very adverse to um you know, the rules governing um their bodies or their like what they can, or they can't do. They get really mad when you
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: you have,
SPEAKER_R: you can't do this, and it will be like, no, I'm not gonna do that. So it kind of reminds me of my toddler cousins, you know,
SPEAKER_L: isn't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: can tell them you can't do this and I'm like, no, I want to do it. So, um, it's just very strange for me, especially me coming from a country where they just say, you know, we all should wear masks. So people would be like, okay, I'll wear a mask because, you know, I don't wanna do sick or anything. And then I would have, I would have people coming up to me and say, you know, it doesn't work.
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: You, you make me afraid. Some people would say they make like before in the, you know, in the newer days are very mass that people would say they may make, I make them feel afraid because it looks like I'm infected with something. So that's what I'm wearing a mask. And I'm like, I can wear a mask. You know, technically anytime I want it's a free country but also it's a precaution so it's just a very strange experience for everyone.
SPEAKER_L: That yeah that's that is very weird that like people mhm Thought like you're wearing a mask like made them afraid that you were infectious with like, like the whole point is so that you don't infect.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm doing it for you guys. Let me see, you could do is say thanks. But anyway, yeah it is. Um I haven't been in the U. S. For long. I've actually just immigrated here um 2.5 years ago. Um Yeah, so I've like back in because I came from the Philippines, so back in the Philippines when I was working all the companies that worked for american companies so they had like great culture, there were great companies that work for you know computers and then I worked for, I was a consultant for Paypal and HD and um so I was very explosive american culture but I guess you know there's really, it's nothing like the real deal like as the culture, the american culture that I would see back then it would be like super, I don't know, super shiny, you know, I mean I know about the problems of the country we get affected when America gets, you know have problems. But yeah, I'm going here is such a, yeah, it's um it's a kind of a surreal experience so it's all very strange. Well right now it's all very strange to me but when I got the first time it felt like you know I was duck in the water because everything felt familiar, California is such a familiar um state for me to be in. So it just felt natural. But now it feels like I'm in the twilight zone or something. Uh huh Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like life is just so weird right now.
SPEAKER_R: it is. Have you been stuck at home?
SPEAKER_L: Um Mostly yeah, I've been um because they locked, we're like kind of luck. It's like, you know, you shouldn't go out if you don't have to. So I've just been like trying to stay home as much as I can,
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like I don't want to get myself sick or my family sick.
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So yeah, and yeah, my um I have siblings who are also in college, so all of home for the first time in like a really long, so that's really nice. I like get to see them and like we can hang out. Um But yeah, it's definitely weird that like
SPEAKER_R: I guess it would take a lot of getting used to if they haven't been home in a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um And you know it's the whole like you know living with your parents again like that it's just kind of weird like you're gonna get used to it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I totally agree because back in the Philippines I was in I have my own apartment, I was living by myself um for like 10 years and then I would visit my parents, you know during the
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: weekend in the evening, so when I got here um I I had to live with them because it's the most convenient way and you know, um we've done that before, so it wasn't like a a big deal at first, but then oh my God, the cabin fever. And then sometimes when you would go to a bathroom and then someone's there and you're like confused why someone here because you're like, I live with myself. I so yeah, my parents okay, remember, and then, you know there's like, it feels even though there's not enough people to form a line, it feels like you're you're in the line sometimes. Like if you're we're waiting to use the kitchen, you're really reduce this or whatever. It's like all very confusing. So I'm like, oh my god. So yeah, it's it's, you know, it's strange when you go in your house and then someone else is there already and you're like, uh I just want to be alone any. So yeah. And also the noise and in your Yeah, it doesn't I had to get used to it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There's also like I don't know how like your experience was but like you know like going like living by yourself you don't have to listen to anyone else's rules. But you know like being home it's like you know we have to like do all these things. It's like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Oh my God, I agree so much. Like, like my father, I don't know one of his bones of contention is like leaving dishes in the sink. Like if you have one glass, just Prince. It just but when I was alone, you know, sometimes I like uh I'll eat and then I'll leave my plates in the my dishes in this thing and then I'll just come back to it later, you know? But for him it's like now, you know, the things should always be clear. Oh my God. Oh my God, it's just a, I'll say it's just a glass of water is, you know, it doesn't take a lot of space. And he'll be like, exactly, it's a glass of water. I'm like, well I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: use
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: it again. So I'm like, oh my God, too many, too much conversation, you know? Um Because sometimes it just exhausts me. Like they would ask sometimes because I don't think parents, you know, remember all the time like that the current adult or how old you are. And they always feel like tell me about your day, like come stick with me and got me stories and I'm like, I don't have stories, I just want my bed. So yeah, I'm like, I have to get used to it. But you know, financially it makes the most sense. Um at the same time I'm happy that I can get, you know, to take care of whatever they need. Like there I'm like, I'm like their Uber and door dash and you know, like if they're hungry or they need something to buy. Usually the one who um, who goes out and gets it and you don't mind. But yeah, it just takes if you've been alone for a long time and I'm like, oh my God, how army before I was like, how am I gonna take people home? You know? No, I can't. I guess so. Yeah, that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's the one of the other things like can't I feel like you can't really like date during a pandemic. It's like what do I what do I do?
SPEAKER_R: I am. I'm just so glad that I had my well glad but not glad I guess that I have my boyfriend because my boyfriend isn't here. So what's the point? Like he's not here right now because he had to go home and it was funny because he was here and then he had to go back to Norway and he left literally the day before everything was shut down in Norway, like he got home the next day normally locked down and I was like, hey man, you know why I didn't have to get tickets so early because we could have like stayed somewhere else, you know? But you know, so now he can come here, I can't go there,
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: sorry thanks
SPEAKER_R: and no it's ok,
SPEAKER_L: chris.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, I'm just like I was talking to him earlier, like maybe an hour before our conversation. So I guess I was just thinking about that and I'm like I'm
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: bummed out again anyway. So yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_L: I mean I can't blame you.
SPEAKER_R: it's the
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: longest I haven't seen him, so it's frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: or so like did you all meet in the States? Right.
SPEAKER_R: So we met Unready Funny thing, so that's hilarious. We met unread it and um I think we were talking for about shit, I'm sorry, we were talking for about a month and then he was like you know I have to make sure you're not a Nigerian prince or anything because you know um so he decided to um go here in sacramento because he works on a ship. He he drives the ship, I don't know how he drives the ship. Um And it's a pretty cool shit because like maps the sea floor, so he's the one who controls stuff, so they do geographical mapping, it's a Norwegian ship. So I thought that was pretty cool. He
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: send me videos,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: he would send me videos of the ocean floors sometimes when like things swim by and they have like the cameras underneath and then he'll send me stuff. So yeah, I like those. So anyway, they were assigned to the gulf of Mexico, so that was pretty close um to California. So he was like um okay, I'll be off the ship in like a couple of weeks, go straight there. And I was like okay, I was telling my friends, you know, if I get murdered, this is what happened. I met someone online and I met him.
SPEAKER_L: They're like
SPEAKER_R: So anyway,
SPEAKER_L: where on Reddit did you meet?
SPEAKER_R: so um there's just this subreddit called our for our are you familiar? It's like Reddit for editor. So it's like ads like it's like make new friends, that kind of thing. So anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: he made the post. I remember scrolling and then seeing it and then there was a picture of him in the post and I was like, you know, he writes really well and it was really engaging and I was like, that sounds interesting. And then he was like you know, I'm looking for someone in Norway or someone close by and I was like okay, so the reason I saved his post and then five days later I was at Starbucks and I was born and I was like just reading through read it and then I remembered hey I saved this guy, supposed maybe I should just say hi, you know because I thought he supposed was really sounded interesting. And then um yeah I said hi, he was doing the keto diet. So one thing to comment as I did that before, so I was like yeah hi blah blah blah, I like cheese, and he's like I like cheese too, so so that's it. We started chatting and I was like, I know you're someone in Norway or in europe, but you know at least you know we can just be friends and chat, but then, you know, things changed and then like a couple of days later he was telling me that I asked um I was chatting with other um other women and you know before, because that was five days after he posted, so he's been chatting with some people and then he was like, I told them I'm sorry, but I wouldn't want to be with you guys anymore because I I think I found someone I want to chat with more, so I was like, no I shouldn't you shouldn't have done that pressure, right?
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Because I'm like what if this is like just you know, we've been talking two days and then you know we lose steam and whatever and I'm like the pressure for me to keep it up. And he was like no, because I think there's something special here. And then he came to sacramento and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so yeah, it's fun. Strange. But every time his ship would dock, he would go here. So I would see him every five weeks. So since, since I've met them, yeah, we've we've been seeing each other every five weeks and so like this is like the longest, literally I haven't seen him. So you've been together for 14 months now, So yeah, Thanks. Isn't that strange?
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: like that's really one of those like internet dating is like that you just never expect, you know?
SPEAKER_R: no, because he was really like, I would really like someone close by and I was like, I'm from California, but you know, we can be friends, you can chat cause I've always been interested in other cultures, you know, that kind of room And then, yeah, for some reason you were like, you know, I really, really like, it's like five days into talking to each other and like I think on the 30 he was already planning on going here because I was I would tease him like I'm I'm gonna scam you out of your money, you know, like I'm a nervy. So the first time we had a video call, we were nervous and then when we saw each other's faces, we were like, oh okay, so you're not you're not you're not a guy pretending to be a girl. He was like, I'm so relieved because yeah, that was fun. That was funny.
SPEAKER_L: Well congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Thanks. I never expected anything like that. Like, you know, I just feared it was weird the fact that I saved his um disposed and then came back to it like almost a week after. You know, it
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: was just
SPEAKER_L: you. Now
SPEAKER_R: very,
SPEAKER_L: it's one of those things like it like seems like fate or something, you know,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it is. He um he actually proposed to me last March. So yeah, it's crazy. That was his last visit, which is crazier. So, So yeah, the bummer.
SPEAKER_L: congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I appreciate it. I'm sorry, like dominating the conversation or what? But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is fun. It's nice to get to the new,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same here. That's why I really like these kinds of services. I'm like, I always up for it when I see it. So I'm lucky that I was able to stand up again.
SPEAKER_L: Um I have to go eat dinner soon but it was very nice to meet
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: so sorry. I didn't realize that it's already past the 25 minutes more.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, you're you're so good. That's very funny. Like this. Yeah, I would definitely do this again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, thank you so much. Gabrielle. I had such a fun time. Oh, I'm sorry Gabriel, It's real estate. Filipino name, you know? So anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Everyone does that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So sorry. But anyway, it's good meeting you. I had
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hope you and your family stay safe. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks you too. Did everything.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Bye. How do I, I don't know. How do I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: close it?
SPEAKER_R: think we just closed