Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hi,
how
are
you doing?
Yeah, it's not bad. It's mine. Fine.
Oh yeah, it's not bad at all. I couldn't even tell.
Yeah, me too
at
all. Yeah, no, this is my first time doing like
this specific. Yeah. Yeah.
good. Um
Yeah, so I'm Gabrielle. Hi, nice to meet you.
Hi, Mayville.
Yeah. Um I'm from south Carolina button in north Carolina right now.
open?
Yeah.
Yeah, same here. It was like 95 today.
Well,
Yeah, kind of, I've, I've just been doing, I'm actually a college student, so like the break. Um So I've mostly been doing like prolific and other like online stuff to make some money and doing some user testing and things like that.
Yeah, so this is, I'll go back to school in august, yeah.
Um I'm a cognitive studies major, so it's it's like psychology. Um
Right. Um I studied like learning and memory. I'm an undergrad.
I'm going to be a senior next year.
Still. Yeah. So what do you do now?
it's all
Now
all
these things
like
seemed fun are no longer you
know as
all
is
sorry go
ahead.
Ask
the how how's the whole pandemic situation in California?
Is it
still like are you all still in lockdown?
Not here. Okay.
That's right.
Welcome.
The.
All
little
same
here
we were doing like you know I saw it like it seems like you know we're doing okay and then they open everything but they like open things too fast and so now everything shut back
down again. Um and like tourists, so I live in like a big tourist city. Um and so people were coming from out of town and like going to restaurants and going comes in like the beach and stuff. Um so then like it spread like really fast. Um so now they're like shutting things back down and they didn't even uh they didn't at any point you have like a mask ordinance,
like where you had to wear a mask to go to stores and stuff. Um So they just like implemented that a few like three days ago um to try to down the spread.
Great.
Your first,
Yeah. I'm surprised there's so many people that are against it. I feel like like people where I am are more like, like you shouldn't be able to make me wear a mask, you know? But they're not they're not like usually against other people wearing them. So that's kind of surprising.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
That
You
know?
that sucks. But like it was one of those like, like we could have gotten back to normal if people had just responsible in the first place, but now we're like stuck here forever.
You can't breathe properly if you're dead.
Yeah. It makes it it makes it easier to be a person that harder. Yeah.
That's
also
It's like
like yeah you know the whole like social contract thing of like, you know we have to like protect other people. Like like part of living in a society is giving things up. Like one of
those things
is
your face sometimes,
you
know?
No.
And
I'm sorry.
I honestly like that I've been thinking about that a lot too. That like, like why did America have such a hard time dealing with it? Whereas other countries were like yeah we got this. I I really do think it is because like americans are so like it's like all about us, you know instead
of the people.
If
you have,
isn't
it?
Good.
That yeah that's that is very weird that like people mhm Thought like you're wearing a mask like made them afraid that you were infectious with like, like the whole point is so that you don't infect.
Yeah, it's like life is just so weird right now.
Um Mostly yeah, I've been um because they locked, we're like kind of luck. It's like, you know, you shouldn't go out if you don't have to. So I've just been like trying to stay home as much as I can,
you know, like I don't want to get myself sick or my family sick.
Mhm. So yeah, and yeah, my um I have siblings who are also in college, so all of home for the first time in like a really long, so that's really nice. I like get to see them and like we can hang out. Um But yeah, it's definitely weird that like
Yeah. Um And you know it's the whole like you know living with your parents again like that it's just kind of weird like you're gonna get used to it. Um
Well
There's also like I don't know how like your experience was but like you know like going like living by yourself you don't have to listen to anyone else's rules. But you know like being home it's like you know we have to like do all these things. It's like yeah.
Thank
you.
Yeah. That's the one of the other things like can't I feel like you can't really like date during a pandemic. It's like what do I what do I do?
Oh I'm
sorry thanks
chris.
Or
I mean I can't blame you.
That's
or so like did you all meet in the States? Right.
It
is
Well
They're like
where on Reddit did you meet?
Of course.
Thanks.
Well
at
like that's really one of those like internet dating is like that you just never expect, you know?
Well congratulations.
Thank
you. Now
it's one of those things like it like seems like fate or something, you know,
congratulations.
is fun. It's nice to get to the new,
Um I have to go eat dinner soon but it was very nice to meet
you.
Oh no, you're you're so good. That's very funny. Like this. Yeah, I would definitely do this again.
Yeah. Everyone does that. Yeah.
It's
nice to meet you too.
Thanks you too. Did everything.
Bye. How do I, I don't know. How do I
close it?