Hi,
can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you. Well, you look like a fighter pilot with that, That deer. I feel so unprepared.
well
you
look, no, not at all. It's a statement.
Uh huh
Well, hey, whatever works right?
No,
the
microphone,
that's
our
conclude.
Hello?
Are we are we going to get an appearance by the cats or anything like that?
where are
you located?
You're kind of far away.
I'm
I'm in California. Yeah.
Yeah, you know,
we
got
we
got to we got to, you know, make ourselves special somehow. Yeah.
enough.
No, it's pretty bad. So my actually
my sister graduated from U C L. A, you know, a month ago, so she, you know, they kind of, her and her boyfriend
were kind
of worried about things,
but then they're like, you know, whatever it is, what it is and and at some point you gotta, you
know, relax and move on. Mhm.
There are no good options here. How how bad is it out there? I mean you guys have obviously shelter in place right And
um what phase
are you guys reopening
or what's the situation out there? Uh
I got
to ask how do you guys do with the masks because it's
like
I would have
been a good one.
I think for me at this point
if I'm not wearing a mask it's kind of weird like something you feel something is missing or I feel vulnerable but it's interesting because in our area so I'm in you
know California
I'm in the san Francisco Bay area and you know, people here, you know, we have the same thing, but you know with the shelter in place and the essential businesses and all that. Um we kind of started to reopen a little bit more. He yesterday our governor kinda came out and said I'm considering shutting stuff down again, which makes sense. You know, we had a huge jump in cases. Um but people are kind of like, all right, we're ready to move on but we are going to be kind of smart about it, which is good. You know, they're still wearing masks, they're still trying the social distancing. I know some people that got back from, they live here but they got back from
Idaho yesterday and I talked to them like, oh you know how is it in Idaho with all that stuff there? Like while you go to the store, everything is open for, you know, still corp side or on the patio, patios and stuff like that. Um But I said, okay. Did you guys were you wearing masks? They're like, well, when we go to the store, nobody was wearing masks except the cashiers or you know, service people. The customers were not wearing masks and like, okay, but were you wearing masks? They're like, well, sometimes we weren't, sometimes we weren't. I said, all right. I'm not gonna see you for a couple of weeks. So that's a good thing. But you know, it's interesting that I guess other areas, you know, they're like, all right, we're done with this completely done with this and they think, okay, the virus is gone. But in reality that's kind of not I don't think it's the right way to go about it. So bubbles, What happens, you know?
Yeah.
What
about
you?
Mhm.
What are they
thinking?
I may
be
size matter fact of quarantine maybe. I don't know. You kind of become a little bit self centered. I think after a while and it's like you just want to escape and be free and damn everybody else. I don't I don't know how to explain it, but I think, you know, I think as people we like to think maybe we're altruistic and nice and good and all that, but you know when push comes to shove, maybe we're not as kind and thought well thoughtful as we like to think we are. I I don't know, but I think it's kind of like a good experiment in human nature or something.
No.
For
Thank you.
Or
you know, I agree with you with all those thoughts, but I think sometimes you can kind of get down a rabbit hole and you know and and yes, you've got to be aware of it, you've got to think about it. But honestly if you think about it too much, it becomes so pessimistic and depressive and
and
scary.
No,
but
I
think I mean I don't think people should bury their head in the sand, don't get me wrong, I mean when this whole thing started, so for us it was I think March 16 or 17 when they officially announced okay, shelter in place in effect, that's it you're done. And the first couple of days and you know, mostly I'm at work, I don't get to be home a lot, you know, in front of the news, in front of the tv really absorbing it all the time. So the first couple of days I made a mistake of having the tv on like kind of most of the day, like I watch it, you know, for a couple minutes but then it will be on and I'll go on to a different room but kind of be in the background. After a couple of days I started getting anxiety, I started freaking out. I started looking at my neighbors like all, you know, suspicious. I saw a person on the street, you know, all freaking out and I'm like this is not healthy, this is not the way to do it. So from that point, you know, so that was the first week, the second week I kinda, I said, all right, You know, I will dedicate 20 minutes of my day for the news. You know, let's say while I'm having my coffee, my breakfast and all that, I'll kind of read through it. I'll familiarize myself, let's say if we were to have something from the government, you know, governor, later on in the day, I might log in online and really super briefly read that. But just doing that. You know, I know I was informed, but I know I didn't go down that rabbit hole has made this whole thing so much better, you know?
And
it's
And murder.
Well,
you do you know the show, the office? So the one of the guys, john Krasinski, have you seen some good news?
my God. You know what I actually found out about it after the fact I was on read it and somebody made a comment that, oh, you know, john Krasinski sold out, you know, and people are like, oh what happened? You know? You know, and it was like a little blurb about him selling the rights to the show, some good news. I'm like, Oh, I wonder what this is. And I went on and I watched pretty much all the episodes. I think they're like maybe 20 minutes long or something like that. And I think there's about eight of them and I guess he released them weekly or something like that. I'm not sure, but it was just so heartwarming. You know, it was just, it wasn't cheesy, you know, it was really people trying to do their best and I kind of like I said, I caught on to it later than it came out but it's
a it would have been like if I got it at the time it was coming up, it would have been a really good mix to all the negative news, just needs some of the positivity that was
coming. So definitely you should you should check it out,
but this is on Youtube and it's available for free. It's not like the Youtube tv or anything, it's just the Youtube videos and it's called some
good news SGN and the cool thing about it, you know, he has a lot of different guest stars that you know celebrities and he's doing good things
for his community, he's showing stuff from
social media about people doing good things for their community and it's just like I said it's really heartwarming, you know, just, it really kind of something that you know, it's like a good palate cleanser that you just need after all the crap that you see on tv all the time. Yeah.
So.
Mhm. That is just it's so I mean we're kind of potentially through this maybe I don't know they now there may be we're going in reverse now that the numbers are going up but I think we'll need something like that. I think it's just something to cheer you up. How how has the quarantine been for you guys?
Okay.
it's
not
out of the out of the usual.
I'm
not scared. Did you you teach her to use zoom at all or anything like that?
It's
that's
platinum.
Did
you feel nervous? Did
you feel nervous?
Well I'm a dental assistant also so I know that has met routine.
Of
course.
What
Now? It's been it's been definitely tricky going back. I mean for us it was three months because our like I said our last day was March 16 or 17 and then We are office didn't open until June one so over two months. Um And the first couple of weeks I mean it was it was bad in the sense that so you have all this stuff that you're wearing but
because
you're
getting used to doing your normal first
of all
you're
getting used to you know
from not
working to working, then you're
getting used to work
doing your regular
job
with all
the crap
you have on your
head
and your eyes and nose
and all that. And
then
you know,
and
then you know the first couple of weeks you're kind of stressing out like oh am I doing this right? What what if I'm not doing this right? What if you know a virus got
in? You know, I said we're kind of you know well as health care especially with dental health care providers were kind of really close
to ground zero for the virus,
you know. So we're just
like
all right, we want to make sure we stay healthy. We want to make sure we don't pass it on to anybody. So that was a big source of stress. You know just
kind of
that knowledge.
But after that I mean you don't get not necessarily relaxed but you get used to a bit more of all the routine and then just you're like alright client. This is you know
that
term, the new normal, this is what, this is what it becomes. Come on.
Well,
I mean I think the key is you got to be realistic and then optimistic and you know, kind of get through it. That's the only,
you know, that's the only way through this is straight through it. You know, there's no shortcut,
There's nothing, you know, you can't really take
a vacation and come back and for things to be a little bit better. It's just did you pick up any hobbies, any new hobbies, anything that you're doing?
I heard people that um
I mean
it sounds like you've always really worked from home, but I heard people that normally
would
go to the office and then they started working from home obviously
for me it's not
an option, but
they would
tell
me, yeah, I just end up working
like so much
more
and you know, you don't really know when to stop, you don't really know,
you know hey take a break, you're just into it, you know and you don't have that whole if you needed to commute or something that that break between work and home,
you know? But it
sounds like for you you're kind of used to that routine so it's not in which
not
allowed.
Yeah, I kind
of, you know the first couple of weeks I was
it's
not like
I was necessarily board or anything like that but I was like
well I have
more time,
I feel like I should be more productive with my time or so,
I you know, I started
knitting, I you know,
I
started
making my own bread, you know? So
it's been for me,
it was kind of
interesting because
I finally
found
the time to do all those things that I wanted to do in theory, but never got around to, you know? So but now the question is now that we're back to work, I'm like, oh man, I should finish this sweater, you know? And I keep looking at here, I should finish this sweater, but I'm like, oh no, I'm too tired or this um it's kind of tricky to keep it up, you know? I know a lot of people that that was kind of the common thing, you know, start breaking you know, baking your own bread and that was a whole adventure on its own because the first couple weeks for the first four weeks that couldn't even find flour in the store you know and then not
until about a week ago
I couldn't
I couldn't even find yeast you know so it was just an interesting process of learning, trying to learn a new hobby and then you know
not
having the supplies
you need or not being able to get the supplies you need so.
gosh.
Rowing.
Uh huh.
that's
the thing
like
why?
No
it was tricky.
It
was tricky.
Well it looks like we're the 26 minute
mark.
So we
we did our job. Well
it
was
very
yes we did it. So it was nice talking to you
you
as well.
and
I hope your wife
you know kind of finds her job back. Good luck with
that.
no
problem.
have
a good one. Bye.