well, yeah, yeah,
Davidson
chunking
I said just woke up Oh
yeah, I don't know what turns it where you're at
you Oh, it's like eight years so
Oops.
yeah, I'm in California there.
but it's fine, I mean, I didn't I didn't wake up anyway, so a it is a problem.
How did I hear about it through Reddit? Mhm. How
did you hear about it?
and they
have
problems
with the
car?
yeah.
Mm How, which one is better in your opinion? Mhm,
Mhm. Something to work? Come on. Mhm,
It's
pretty good, Yeah,
no, yeah, it doesn't take that much time at all,
especially
on this one thing we pretty big compared to everything else. Oh,
Uh huh.
Well, I see everything up in the corner. I played, walking onto you play the newest one, are
you doing?
Oh, that's nice. That's really good. That's
it. So
I do, but I can't really keep moving up, move it up, move your skin up. Yeah. Or kenya, Okay. Because
I can only to the head, I was like, I was like, cool, isn't it? That's pretty good. That's really good actually. Yeah.
Yeah, I know who it is. Don't,
that's what you
because
I was trying to, I bought, I bought
sword and shield and
I bought, uh, I am my sword and shield. I bought sword.
No,
I
don't know
because
I want a hard light. I don't know if you're on a hard line or your own life.
I think you can turn it off.
I guess you just want to me. Yeah,
I was trying to do a living pokey X. You know where you have like one of every single one of them. But uh, I only got to like, well, I haven't even stopped yet because they went on vacation but I was I only have like 50 left
and it's exactly the ones from uh I'm sure that I don't have.
I
feel
like I had more potential, like they could have done a lot with it, but I still think you're prepared,
like you won't
get bored playing it, it's sort of easy, but I mean Pokemon games are sort of
35. The uh I took I was playing like I didn't find out that Mr Milo has a an evolution until I was like three quarters of the way into the game and that I was let go. I was trying to figure out who was after. Mr Mime in the pokey picks and then so I looked it up, I came in and I looked it up because I kind of figured out,
yeah, he evolves, he evolved into Mr rain. Yeah,
and Mr Rome is pretty cool. I don't know. I like must remember four, but MR range could be cool too.
Mr Rove.
Okay. I didn't I didn't expect at all, so
What this
one's Mhm.
But
the same was true. Right?
Yeah, not just Mr Ryan. Mhm,
Yeah, I played sword.
Yeah, I got the fire fish, although I did like the formula,
I did like ponied up, but I like
to serve more than shield, so because it was going to get shield, so I was
like, okay, I'll just get started. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's much
I
did again.
like
of all time or just your favorite game?
If
they would
have made yeah, if they were to meet the Pokemon game, like that game. Yeah.
Before.
but
I mean the potential is there, they can they can definitely do it.
Well.
huh. I got I no, I mean the difference is just a while there.
Like it's pretty, it's also really it's just really convenient not having to seeing the poking one and not having to just run around the grass and just have it randomly give you something. Yeah, you can actually see it. So it's made it just a lot easier to change stuff to get chinese or to um to change stuff or to just find stuff that's really rare because there's some like for example maybe cute baby cute has a uh
Like a less than 1% chance of appearing,
so.
huh.
I mean
oh that mimic you your home molecules. Mhm.
You
can't
say
something else. It's someone that's like pick a tube but it's not pikachu
peek
at. You know, it's like the one that speak at you. But it's not peak at you. Me me me me Q.
has like a less than 1% chance in just
one book in one bush and the whole entire game. He's just in one bush.
No,
that's what I'm not going to bother you.
I wish there was like a global trade system. But there isn't because then that would make it super easy. I would just be able to shade it for something.
I haven't done any online rage.
Uh
I mean I was even get it. But then I there isn't anything else that I play online with.
I think I got my job all the time.
I work with kids.
Yeah so we will play it and then so it's
just I don't really have to go online and play against somebody. I could just do it at work.
Good evening. Uh huh.
300. What did you look at the Stars?
Look up?
Yeah you can do anything.
I
think
I played for maybe how long have you been playing any other game or
that
I think maybe 60 hours, 60-80 hours. I think I'm a Yeah but even then I didn't collect everything. I didn't even talk to everybody. I didn't I didn't do everything that they used to do in that game. Great.
But you're trying to find the mall, are you weren't
trying to find them?
Oh, that's
probably why.
Right. It's
so good.
He did in 24 hours, wow.
Hello. That's crazy. The brothers are, I don't know. I don't know how they do it, but I don't know. I wouldn't be able to do it.
Oh, you will. Yeah.
Oh, I think, do you know, you know the girls came? Yeah.
I thought that you'd run for that was like one minute. Yeah.
Yeah. It took me like eight hours to finish it
and they didn't anyone with it.
Yeah. Because you've just messed with the people.
So I just mess with people in a bit of different ways sometimes when we finish the pills. But sometimes I just messed with all of them, especially when you get the new area. Yeah. Yeah,
that's
a fun game.
It is very short.
But with the amount of money that they made on that game, I'm sure they'll probably make something a little bit longer.
Yeah.
Yeah,
but there was there was supposed to be a Pokemon announcement today, but I haven't even checked with
come on.
Have you had a chance to check?
Mhm. Yeah. Uh supposed to be at six a.m. here, so Like two hours ago?
Is probably oh, that's probably for Mhm. Let's
see. Yeah. Okay. Uh you want me to tell you what it is?
Yeah, it's a bunch of different things, do you know?
What? I don't think negatively so and
I'm probably
not going to do it,
but it's mystery dungeon and you must be building game. I know and the mystery dungeon game and you'll see for a sort of show.
that's three,
yeah,
yeah. What are you saying up for right now with their prolific money?
What you're prolific money? What are you trying to save up for?
They just random stuff.
group.
I'm trying to set up right now for um get some shoes, Give some shoes. So apparently, no,
not from amazon. Um I buy them directly from china. Mhm
china.
No, there's different ones. If you go and read it. There's a big fake yourself ready. The people who buy fake shoes from china. Yeah, you
can find a bunch of links there
just,
You should get a parallel to busta that once Adidas make they're extremely
comfortable Ultra boost.
they're very comfortable. They're the most comfortable with their own in my whole entire life. Mhm.
But
I don't know if you if you're more of a comfort or style person because
some people they don't like how they look, but I like how they look. So.
Yeah.
The first time I tried them on when I step it felt like I bounced.
We we I mean at the gym but not like I walk a lot.
Yeah, I walk a lot.
Um 12 maybe at least nine
laugh.
I
do.
please first.
Mhm.
Because
for the money I was trying to find something that was the most comfortable because I would walk a lot and my
let me go.
work or exercise. Yeah.
They look at a I work at a mental health clinic with Youth
between the ages of 16 - 26. We they have there's different tiers of mental health. There's one through 51 being like people who have like mild mental health issues, like
depression, anxiety, stuff like that up to level five which is the tier five that people who have personality disorders. So like going on schizophrenia, people who have like bipolar stuff like that. So I think it's just like a the county here has started something that a way to get them away from just being in the streets and being bored because if they're in the streets board and they're going to do bad stuff. But if they have a place where they can go to and games or just and ba have a place to make friends that are bad then then they'll have less problems out there. So they go there um
The citizens that
big it's probably.
Yeah
it's fun. I can't deny it how much.
And when they started to open them up across the country so we can look it up.
But make yourself,
Mhm
Yeah.
huh.
Uh
but jobs without a visa.
Mhm. That
makes it like infinitely times harder. That makes it
sound like like 100 times harder.
Yeah, like incredibly close.
We were
I think your next best bet is probably power allegiance. Your next best is the, your next bet probably just learn programming and then just do something from home. I don't know.
So then they're probably, and then do something from home because
That's
Mm.
Oh
then you're set, you know, you have a hot then you're set. Yeah,
roof.
Well
what?
20. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hopefully you guys can find it.
because there's a lot of people out there that really need that fixed. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Um We can just stop, but I don't know what to do after. Do you know what to do after?
You
meant well, oh,
did you give the time around yours?
On the bottom of the video feed, at the bottom of the
sure
you you're right now. What?
No, they're not peripheral. But does it matter? Yeah.
Yeah, I just said everything. Uh
It was nice talking to you,
right
click.