SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: huh Are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: very good?
SPEAKER_R: That's good. How many conversations have you had so far? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I think like five. That's one of me. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: that many of you had,
SPEAKER_R: I think you're like my 6th.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't figure out. And I tried actually talking to them about what uh how many people have talked to so far because I think they reopened the second round or whatever and I was like oh that's right item yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: first round I only got one in which I was like because I didn't know you could do it several times but not uh let me get that money.
SPEAKER_L: That's fine. There's nothing else to do really on the weekends. What's your name? Sorry, I didn't catch your
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: name.
SPEAKER_R: Isabelle, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm thomas this mission.
SPEAKER_R: Thank nice to meet you. Yeah. Ah
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say uh do you have any pets? Because I have a black cat right over here. Super adorable. He's just chilling out in the sun and he's just enjoying his best life. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Wait can you direct the computer or like camera so you can get him?
SPEAKER_L: He doesn't like this only being dragged by you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so oh my gosh yeah we have it, we're fostering a cat right now but um she's kind of a bitch so I wouldn't be I wouldn't be great enough to come to like grab her and like she
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: would definitely bite me or like
SPEAKER_L: isn't
SPEAKER_R: attack.
SPEAKER_L: it isn't that great that we love animals that try to kill us, we try to force our love
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: onto them, but they just do not give it back.
SPEAKER_R: horrible. Why do we do this? Why are we sense for animals? Doesn't make any sense? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: They're cute, that's why
SPEAKER_R: she's a calico and she's
SPEAKER_L: wrong.
SPEAKER_R: so like she's a little thick and it's kind of very cute, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: For judges super thick. He's a thick boy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: he just kind of does his own thing. He likes to bask in the sun and turn into 1000 degrees and sometimes I think the best thing about him is that um he's like you can be like so mad at him because you do something like stupid, like knock over a glass of water some with that and lands on something expensive, he messes up your stuff, but then he has these cute eyes, it's like, oh, but please feed me sir. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Back at home I have I had like recently gotten a cat and dog and Yeah, yeah, like my family was so against getting pets until I decided to leave for college. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. My parents are against having pets and then um well is it after I moved out, was it me and my girlfriend got um well she got a cat and then she essentially is, now she's rotating through all the different hospitals because she's a medical student and uh because she's away I have to take care of her cat. So it's like now because I just do not have a force to roommate that doesn't pay Red doesn't have a job, he doesn't do the dishes, it doesn't do his own like cleaning. He doesn't he doesn't even like cooked for himself. He always begs for you to help them out.
SPEAKER_R: but he's cute. That's okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You would really be if he described him as a roommate he would literally be the word to me. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: His name is joe joe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. His hands JJ Caputo it's like a play on joseph Caputo from Orange New Black. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's cool. Yeah, he
SPEAKER_L: he's
SPEAKER_R: was expected.
SPEAKER_L: a kid you know?
SPEAKER_R: Is there a reason to wait? Yeah. Is there any characteristic about him that
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: it's like you're
SPEAKER_L: the original owner of him because he's I guess technically so he was from the animal shelter, he was a homeless kitty. And then uh someone adopted him and then the girl couldn't keep him so she gave him up for adoption and then he had a sister, big boo and then um he got adopted and she did she got like a big boo got adopted before joe joe so that they separated the two. But I think what my girlfriend was telling me she probably would have gotten two cats if that was the case because they're brother and sister.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah he was really play well with other animals though. We tried to um like socializing them with other cats, he's not having it, he think that's hard by her family's cat. So they got him and then the family got a cat after and uh when they tried bringing him to their house I think the other cow is too aggressive because her name was Dinka and she's like a she's not a Russian blue but she's like like a gray cat that's like super tiny but she is so freaking vicious and so mean like you have to hold her like um what was it? Like? One of them has to hold him like really hold her really tight so she doesn't actually call you. That's why there's only like two people in the family and I can actually hold her and do that. And it's like she like doesn't like it and she barely accepts it. Yeah. Really yelled at him and he freaked out and then a hit and now that every time he smells like animal he freaks out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's why I like, man, if I ever do get a cat, it's going to be a kitten so I can like teach it stuff and like socialize it better to humans and cats I guess. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're great.
SPEAKER_L: That would be the ideal situation to not like get more cats but more like if I ever do get animals I'd want to like socialize those to kind of like make them learn that like hey don't like freak out if there's something else here. No,
SPEAKER_R: so are you a cat or a dog person?
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm more of a dog person. I really get excited when I see dogs, cats are cool and all because like they have, they each have their own like kind of personalities, cats are more like, hey, I'll like, I'll be near you when it's convenient for me, but otherwise you can look at me from afar, you can acknowledge
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: my presence, but like dogs are just, you know, generally speaking, the friendlier dogs are more like in your face with like, just let me be around you, let me hang out type of thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I agree, agree. I'm off a dog person more than a cat person after getting this cat. I realized.
SPEAKER_L: that's uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was like
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say joe joe is actually more of a dog than a cat though. Something he actually has these, he grew up when my girlfriend was away at college and she got him, he was raised with a rhodesian Ridgeback. And like this revision Ridgeback is like £100 dog basically. But this one was the runt of the litter, so it was about 70 90 or some like that. And what was it? So joe joe would like play with him and they would like get interactions and stuff like that through that. So generally he's been like more okay with like if he saw Rigby again, he wouldn't freak out. We saw a cat here freak out. And I think that because of that he's more used to like, I don't want to say like every human he freaks out when the door opens. But if he like if if a person is there in our apartment for a long period of time, like a friend came over can come out and he would say hi and stuff like that. And then when he like knows that it's okay that he was just kind of like lounge in the middle or like waiting like walk away or like lay on people and stuff like that. But so that's like in the sense he's kinda like a dog because everyone pets him and stuff like that and he's fine,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not aggressive. I don't think I could deal with a pet that wouldn't let me pet them. Like I know people to have animals that just don't show their love to them and I'm like, I don't know, it's sad to say, but like why do you have a pet?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no that's sort of the cat that we're fostering right now, just
SPEAKER_L: No, no, never.
SPEAKER_R: comes up for pets and invites you. Why? Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So how'd you end up fostering that cat?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was so spontaneous. Um I don't know my friends are all like let's get a cat or a dog or something and then we're like, you know what, that sounds like a good idea and we just went and did it. So
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: opinions.
SPEAKER_L: that was actually similar to how my girlfriend got her cat. She like they're like, oh well like essentially her like pet rat got killed by her roommate's dog. It was it was a tragic scenario was terrifying. It was a little traumatized her but she was like okay like to help me heal, I can only get a different pet or something that's trying to get in the car. Uh And I helped her like out for a very long time. You know Honestly like one of the things that we always say to each other um you can't kill yourself if you uh if like you have someone depending on you, it sounds super depressing but like it's something to get up in the morning basically because like there's been days that's just it's tough, I'm not gonna lie to get out of bed, you know you gotta you gotta get up to feed this buddy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah mm. He said she was in med school right? Yeah. Mhm. In your
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: life?
SPEAKER_L: you a medical?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no I really thought I was gonna do pre-med and then now I'm studying design but
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah it's been much better. I man I can't I really can't believe my dogs and do something in the medical field. It's really funny to me now. But yeah. Are you also doing med or like
SPEAKER_L: No I'm studying engineering yeah and I'm the were both nerds so that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah no I'm engineering wow that those are both tough things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they're both just kind of like time heavy I feel like, but I know this is still better trying to make some like, I don't know, some side money instead of just playing games all day, it kind of helps out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've got like a roommate who is an engineering. I think she's this major in like gosh all she does is just like work and I'm like wow I cannot her.
SPEAKER_L: I mean when you do what you love, I'm sure it's not work anymore. I'm sure you like designing stuff with you draw or do you like fashion?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh um drawing and like designing stuff. My peak going into graphic design but I really would love to like design t shirts and stuff like that. But man, we don't have like, I'm a university, don't have like any fashion design course, which is really dinky. I spoke scott.
SPEAKER_L: I know that there's a lot of fat because I'm in California and there's a lot of schools that actually do have like either departments or they have like a network for those graphic design and also just like fashion general. Like I have a friend at UCSD who I think that they said that they haven't like visual arts and arts department that has in that I think graphic design and then in that or not in that like separately. I think they have fashion as well. I don't know whether or not they're full majors but I know that like there's department associated refund. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we have like a school of design named after like a shoe brand and everyone is like mad, they're like well how can you like name the school design after like something in fashion yet? Not have any like classes or courses pertaining to that. It's just like, man, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: irony. That's why
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It really, really be like that,
SPEAKER_L: they are the community. Do you have a community college nearby? That has that because I know a lot of some community colleges have adult classes like that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Actually didn't look, but we're
SPEAKER_L: These are not being cheaper too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, I should definitely look into that, but Oh, we actually never thought of that. Yeah. Mhm. Maybe like a temple or something and then yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's very the I don't know like um metropolitan areas generally have like a fair amount of community colleges of their
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: access to uh in those community college is like a lot of like local people that have a lot of time on their hands and don't really want to do like just you know spend like night classes or some of that there was a class that I really wanted to pick up which was welding. Yeah I really want to pick up a welding class for making me in college but I just never got the time to actually do it. And then they also taught automotive automotive services, it's like how to fix your car, how to get into the automotive trade and then not separate from welding. Then there was also a viticulture club in class. So the video culture club basically said that they're kosher to like keep doing their thing because they had a class associated with it. So the class and I was talking to my organic chemistry professor about it, we were like shooting the shit one day and he was like yeah I joined the viticulture club and I started to join, I started taking the classes. He was also a professor. I was like oh it's not interesting professor be taking the classes like classes are super chill and they're super easy. I would actually take uh teach one of their chemistry classes. It's like the science is fine like wine and why they smell so strong like with the fermentation process is like and I was like oh that's super interesting. And he was like basically saying that the class like certain classes that they go through they just kind of like talk for like 30 minutes about like wine and then afterwards they just bring in bottles of wine and sample it so they just get
SPEAKER_R: And,
SPEAKER_L: drunk. You got around one. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very nice. That's cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: was our Hawaiian country too so like really well known vineyards around there. So I ended up being like oh like top right around the corner or grab a bottle of wine that's like rolling out and then just sample all of them late day. I didn't get drunk on a thursday night.
SPEAKER_R: Dude, that's cool. Tell. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So um wait, did you really graduated it right I'm assuming or no?
SPEAKER_L: No. No. Yeah I've never seen you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you were in California?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm a California.
SPEAKER_R: That uh what do you say? What which university right
SPEAKER_L: U. C. L. A.
SPEAKER_R: you see like okay I was I was gonna go there was going to go there um but then went to another school.
SPEAKER_L: Closer to uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh No not oh no I was not about to stay home. I'm from Houston um texas and I wanted to get as far away from there as possible. Yeah. Um Applied for I want applied for U. C. L. A. And then Berkeley. Yeah but I decided to go east coast so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have a lot of friends that went to Berkeley too so it's kind of cool. The L. A. I. You know I love this rocket
SPEAKER_R: man I kind of like now that I'm here I go to youth in at and like uh now
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: they're here
SPEAKER_L: have a friend that actually just went to U. Penn um
SPEAKER_R: remember?
SPEAKER_L: for graduate school. Sorry You're
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: school.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah yeah my first semester here was really rough and I'm like man kind of wish I went to uh you see school? That's good. I guess you didn't better. No,
SPEAKER_L: wait what year are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a sophomore now.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. At least you're not a freshman. It sounds really bad but like imagine being a freshman this year like
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine like you
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: don't make friends like uh
SPEAKER_L: and zoom university over here
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Dead.
SPEAKER_L: how you gonna deal with zoom you you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just but I'm still I'm still in Philly because I was like, I'm just off campus. But yeah, they're planning on doing a hybrid next semester.
SPEAKER_L: well the East Coast is doing a lot better than California, California is like on fire with coronavirus spaces
SPEAKER_R: When?
SPEAKER_L: and like the fires themselves. Just like everything that could go wrong in California really has, this year has been absolutely trash.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um Yeah, I don't know. There's it's still like around campus, you just see a bunch of frat guys that like just walk around thinking that the shit just like no mask on and I'm like, oh my God, I just want to strangle you, just wear a fucking mask. Um Yeah, I think like 10 cases are like slowly rising, which I'm just like, there's a reason don't throw them like parties or whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the army around the nation, it's kind of a getting worse and it's only gonna get worse as the holidays get more and more intense you know? Oh so
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: since you're in pennsylvania, do you usually go home for thanksgiving or just only
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: christmas?
SPEAKER_R: do not yeah, I didn't go last year actually. Last yeah, I went to my room mates how she lives in Jersey. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool. Does she have an accent? Does she have a Jersey accent?
SPEAKER_R: no, he does it. What is
SPEAKER_L: disappointed.
SPEAKER_R: I know, very sad. Yeah. Um Yeah, no, that's like really like one of the best thanksgiving like dinners ever because like, you know how like, and I don't well I'm chinese and like
SPEAKER_L: I'm chinese
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: still.
SPEAKER_R: oh yeah, so you know like those like you go to family, friends house and then it's like all asian food and like a dry turkey mashed potatoes without gravy, kind of thanksgiving dinner. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know you're talking about yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but this time like last time it was like a real thanksgiving dinner like
SPEAKER_L: Who's the white people think are giving?
SPEAKER_R: it was so good. I was like I've been missing out all these years.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I was gonna say um funny story uh So I live essentially like a dorm dusk place. It's not exactly dorms, it's like housing associated with the university but it's like I don't have described anyways, there's like a male central center so like you mail me stuff but you can't bring it to my door. You mail it to the actual like, office. So recently I was going like out of the, was out if I was there when I was running. But anyways, I see outside my door like a giant package or something like that, I'm like someone mis delivered something, but it's big, it was a huge package. I look on it says butcher box and I was like, okay, this is a ton of stuff. And I was like owner who weren't sent to it was some lady and then the address was completely wrong because it's like technically, it was like the building, somewhere over. I didn't even know which building, cause there's so many different buildings and they all have different addresses technically, but the dressers was just sensed up to with the mail room and then you pick it up from the mail room with your mailbox. So then I was like, okay, this is really weird, so I call up the mail, the company or whatever and they're like, oh well just resend it because obviously that box is not going to get to the person, you're not gonna bring it over there, no one's gonna bring it over there and this lady is not gonna find it, so do you want it? If not then throw it away? And I was like cool. So I opened it up, I think I had a crazy amount of stuff and I looked it up. It was $130.
SPEAKER_R: jesus two
SPEAKER_L: so I had a free turkey because of it. Yeah. Yeah. So I ended up cooking that turkey before Turkey Day and was it? I try to Alton Brown's recipes. Have you ever do make a turkey brian the turkey and then do his recipe and that turkey is one of the best trick he's ever had. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Because you end up being dressed. Fuck! I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking about nasty meals. It's painful. Everyone had it really enjoyed it. So it was really cool. It was like 11 lbs. There's a small little Turkey. But I think that's so much work. I'm not gonna lie uh profit.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever have you ever fried a turkey?
SPEAKER_L: No, it sounds like more of a back country thing. Right?
SPEAKER_R: really? My roommates, like she did it in her family for a couple of years and they're like, now let's just go back to baking, please.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty. I mean the principle of frying the turkey makes sense because you're like, it's a hotter like contact of oil and like he just entering the turkey so should end up being more moist. Exactly when you dump up like a cold frozen turkey or just turkey into a giant bat of oil in that oil could spill or are you just terrifies me like a fire and a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you need to be protective gear all all throughout. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you know like if I had the room and stuff like that, I would I would consider doing it once, but every single set up that I saw for like trying a turkey has just been so sketched, it's like someone's backyard. They have like some shaky non level like flame Bunsen burner and they're like pulling out of oil on it. And then these guys like okay cool, we're gonna drop the turkey and 123 And I'm like gonna be like a,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, man. I kind of want to try it though. I'll try it one day.
SPEAKER_L: I mean if you got a KFC they sell uh was it fried turkeys? I think something
SPEAKER_R: Wait,
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: Well deep fried turkeys. It's really weird, but like I don't I don't know who the population of the people that buy that because apparently um I knew someone that worked at KFC and they sell out of those turkey meals and those like they had to pre order basically and they sell out of them every single year or whatever and I'm like, wait, how, what? Why? But I mean there's someone out there that wants deep fried turkey.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Apparently. And uh so Oh, man, so you're a senior? Well, do you want to give any words of advice to it? Uh I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, it time passes by so fast in my opinion. I made so many good friends. I made so many good um experiences and connections that like I think that the whole thing flies by within an instant. My journey has been a little bit longer than everyone else's. But regardless, I think that like wherever it takes you and stuff like that, I just kind of go with it. I know the way to meet people that said I'm going to do this, I'm gonna do this and then they end up realizing to get to the thing and then they hate it. It's like, I don't know personally, I just think that late go with the flow, enjoy it and soak it all in. Don't like, it sucks at the moment because I definitely have done this before where you save every single penny and you try to skimp on different things and then your life just turns to shit and your mental health drains. I just would recommend that you don't let that happen to you. I like, I want to say there was like a period of my life that was like really dark because I just only did school. I didn't like take care of my hell. They didn't work out and everything. I didn't like, I didn't really find a will to live and then like now that I'm coming to the end of it and everything, it's kind of like, okay, well I found a realized sense of a purpose in life I guess. I don't know. This is my two cents on it. Like I know way too many people that just kind of said, I'm gonna like get through this. And then when I graduate, God will just drop a beautiful significant other. A great like a $1000 billion paying job and all of my troubles and mental health issues will go away and that shit doesn't exist. You know, like that doesn't actually happen. Life doesn't just drop a golden present on you. You really have to work towards it. And I if I figured that out earlier, I felt like I would have been happy earlier. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: these medicines. Mm
SPEAKER_R: I always ask the question to every person I meet in conversation. I've just been building up
SPEAKER_L: The awesome. That's a
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: really good question. I really appreciate it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. All right. I guess.
SPEAKER_L: See you.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you for talking to
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: too. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Bye.