Hi. Mhm.
I'm good, how are you?
That's good. How many conversations have you had so far? Okay.
That's
I think
I think you're like my 6th.
the
first round I only got one in which I was like because I didn't know you could do it several times but not uh let me get that money.
I'm
Isabelle, what's your name?
Thank nice to meet you. Yeah. Ah
Wait can you direct the computer or like camera so you can get him?
so oh my gosh yeah we have it, we're fostering a cat right now but um she's kind of a bitch so I wouldn't be I wouldn't be great enough to come to like grab her and like she
would definitely bite me or like
attack.
All
horrible. Why do we do this? Why are we sense for animals? Doesn't make any sense? Yeah.
she's a calico and she's
so like she's a little thick and it's kind of very cute, but yeah.
so
Yeah.
No. Sure.
Yeah. Back at home I have I had like recently gotten a cat and dog and Yeah, yeah, like my family was so against getting pets until I decided to leave for college. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
but he's cute. That's okay. Yeah.
His name is joe joe.
yeah, that's cool. Yeah, he
was expected.
Is there a reason to wait? Yeah. Is there any characteristic about him that
it's like you're
Uh huh. Yeah. Thanks.
Yeah, that's why I like, man, if I ever do get a cat, it's going to be a kitten so I can like teach it stuff and like socialize it better to humans and cats I guess. Right?
Uh because
they're great.
so are you a cat or a dog person?
that's
I agree, agree. I'm off a dog person more than a cat person after getting this cat. I realized.
Yeah, I was like
Yeah, that's cool. Yeah.
Yeah, no that's sort of the cat that we're fostering right now, just
comes up for pets and invites you. Why? Oh yeah.
Um I was so spontaneous. Um I don't know my friends are all like let's get a cat or a dog or something and then we're like, you know what, that sounds like a good idea and we just went and did it. So
opinions.
yeah mm. He said she was in med school right? Yeah. Mhm. In your
life?
Oh no I really thought I was gonna do pre-med and then now I'm studying design but
yeah yeah it's been much better. I man I can't I really can't believe my dogs and do something in the medical field. It's really funny to me now. But yeah. Are you also doing med or like
No. Yeah no I'm engineering wow that those are both tough things.
yeah I've got like a roommate who is an engineering. I think she's this major in like gosh all she does is just like work and I'm like wow I cannot her.
Uh huh um drawing and like designing stuff. My peak going into graphic design but I really would love to like design t shirts and stuff like that. But man, we don't have like, I'm a university, don't have like any fashion design course, which is really dinky. I spoke scott.
we have like a school of design named after like a shoe brand and everyone is like mad, they're like well how can you like name the school design after like something in fashion yet? Not have any like classes or courses pertaining to that. It's just like, man, Yeah.
Yeah. It really, really be like that,
Actually didn't look, but we're
yeah, yeah, I should definitely look into that, but Oh, we actually never thought of that. Yeah. Mhm. Maybe like a temple or something and then yeah.
And
And,
Very nice. That's cool. Okay.
Dude, that's cool. Tell. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So um wait, did you really graduated it right I'm assuming or no?
So you were in California?
That uh what do you say? What which university right
you see like okay I was I was gonna go there was going to go there um but then went to another school.
Uh No not oh no I was not about to stay home. I'm from Houston um texas and I wanted to get as far away from there as possible. Yeah. Um Applied for I want applied for U. C. L. A. And then Berkeley. Yeah but I decided to go east coast so. Yeah.
man I kind of like now that I'm here I go to youth in at and like uh now
they're here
remember?
I don't
know.
Oh yeah yeah my first semester here was really rough and I'm like man kind of wish I went to uh you see school? That's good. I guess you didn't better. No,
I'm a sophomore now.
I can't imagine like you
don't make friends like uh
Yeah, it is. Yeah.
Dead.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just but I'm still I'm still in Philly because I was like, I'm just off campus. But yeah, they're planning on doing a hybrid next semester.
When?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um Yeah, I don't know. There's it's still like around campus, you just see a bunch of frat guys that like just walk around thinking that the shit just like no mask on and I'm like, oh my God, I just want to strangle you, just wear a fucking mask. Um Yeah, I think like 10 cases are like slowly rising, which I'm just like, there's a reason don't throw them like parties or whatever. Yeah.
Well
I
do not yeah, I didn't go last year actually. Last yeah, I went to my room mates how she lives in Jersey. So.
no, he does it. What is
I know, very sad. Yeah. Um Yeah, no, that's like really like one of the best thanksgiving like dinners ever because like, you know how like, and I don't well I'm chinese and like
just
oh yeah, so you know like those like you go to family, friends house and then it's like all asian food and like a dry turkey mashed potatoes without gravy, kind of thanksgiving dinner. Yeah.
Yeah, but this time like last time it was like a real thanksgiving dinner like
it was so good. I was like I've been missing out all these years.
Yeah.
jesus two
All
Have you ever have you ever fried a turkey?
really? My roommates, like she did it in her family for a couple of years and they're like, now let's just go back to baking, please.
Yeah, you need to be protective gear all all throughout. Mhm.
Yeah, man. I kind of want to try it though. I'll try it one day.
Wait,
I didn't know that.
yeah. Yeah. Apparently. And uh so Oh, man, so you're a senior? Well, do you want to give any words of advice to it? Uh I guess.
Okay.
I mean,
I always ask the question to every person I meet in conversation. I've just been building up
just
Yeah. Yeah. All right. I guess.
All right. Thank you for talking to
you.
All right. Bye.