Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh.
huh Are you
very good?
I think like five. That's one of me. Yeah,
not
that many of you had,
I couldn't figure out. And I tried actually talking to them about what uh how many people have talked to so far because I think they reopened the second round or whatever and I was like oh that's right item yeah.
Good.
That's fine. There's nothing else to do really on the weekends. What's your name? Sorry, I didn't catch your
name.
I'm thomas this mission.
I was gonna say uh do you have any pets? Because I have a black cat right over here. Super adorable. He's just chilling out in the sun and he's just enjoying his best life. Mhm.
He doesn't like this only being dragged by you. Yeah.
It's
isn't
it isn't that great that we love animals that try to kill us, we try to force our love
onto them, but they just do not give it back.
They're cute, that's why
wrong.
For judges super thick. He's a thick boy. Yeah,
he just kind of does his own thing. He likes to bask in the sun and turn into 1000 degrees and sometimes I think the best thing about him is that um he's like you can be like so mad at him because you do something like stupid, like knock over a glass of water some with that and lands on something expensive, he messes up your stuff, but then he has these cute eyes, it's like, oh, but please feed me sir. Uh
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
that's cool. My parents are against having pets and then um well is it after I moved out, was it me and my girlfriend got um well she got a cat and then she essentially is, now she's rotating through all the different hospitals because she's a medical student and uh because she's away I have to take care of her cat. So it's like now because I just do not have a force to roommate that doesn't pay Red doesn't have a job, he doesn't do the dishes, it doesn't do his own like cleaning. He doesn't he doesn't even like cooked for himself. He always begs for you to help them out.
You would really be if he described him as a roommate he would literally be the word to me. Uh huh.
Yeah. His hands JJ Caputo it's like a play on joseph Caputo from Orange New Black. Yeah
he's
a kid you know?
No
the original owner of him because he's I guess technically so he was from the animal shelter, he was a homeless kitty. And then uh someone adopted him and then the girl couldn't keep him so she gave him up for adoption and then he had a sister, big boo and then um he got adopted and she did she got like a big boo got adopted before joe joe so that they separated the two. But I think what my girlfriend was telling me she probably would have gotten two cats if that was the case because they're brother and sister.
Yeah he was really play well with other animals though. We tried to um like socializing them with other cats, he's not having it, he think that's hard by her family's cat. So they got him and then the family got a cat after and uh when they tried bringing him to their house I think the other cow is too aggressive because her name was Dinka and she's like a she's not a Russian blue but she's like like a gray cat that's like super tiny but she is so freaking vicious and so mean like you have to hold her like um what was it? Like? One of them has to hold him like really hold her really tight so she doesn't actually call you. That's why there's only like two people in the family and I can actually hold her and do that. And it's like she like doesn't like it and she barely accepts it. Yeah. Really yelled at him and he freaked out and then a hit and now that every time he smells like animal he freaks out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That would be the ideal situation to not like get more cats but more like if I ever do get animals I'd want to like socialize those to kind of like make them learn that like hey don't like freak out if there's something else here. No,
I feel like I'm more of a dog person. I really get excited when I see dogs, cats are cool and all because like they have, they each have their own like kind of personalities, cats are more like, hey, I'll like, I'll be near you when it's convenient for me, but otherwise you can look at me from afar, you can acknowledge
my presence, but like dogs are just, you know, generally speaking, the friendlier dogs are more like in your face with like, just let me be around you, let me hang out type of thing. Yeah.
that's uh
I was gonna say joe joe is actually more of a dog than a cat though. Something he actually has these, he grew up when my girlfriend was away at college and she got him, he was raised with a rhodesian Ridgeback. And like this revision Ridgeback is like £100 dog basically. But this one was the runt of the litter, so it was about 70 90 or some like that. And what was it? So joe joe would like play with him and they would like get interactions and stuff like that through that. So generally he's been like more okay with like if he saw Rigby again, he wouldn't freak out. We saw a cat here freak out. And I think that because of that he's more used to like, I don't want to say like every human he freaks out when the door opens. But if he like if if a person is there in our apartment for a long period of time, like a friend came over can come out and he would say hi and stuff like that. And then when he like knows that it's okay that he was just kind of like lounge in the middle or like waiting like walk away or like lay on people and stuff like that. But so that's like in the sense he's kinda like a dog because everyone pets him and stuff like that and he's fine,
not aggressive. I don't think I could deal with a pet that wouldn't let me pet them. Like I know people to have animals that just don't show their love to them and I'm like, I don't know, it's sad to say, but like why do you have a pet?
No, no, never.
So how'd you end up fostering that cat?
that
that was actually similar to how my girlfriend got her cat. She like they're like, oh well like essentially her like pet rat got killed by her roommate's dog. It was it was a tragic scenario was terrifying. It was a little traumatized her but she was like okay like to help me heal, I can only get a different pet or something that's trying to get in the car. Uh And I helped her like out for a very long time. You know Honestly like one of the things that we always say to each other um you can't kill yourself if you uh if like you have someone depending on you, it sounds super depressing but like it's something to get up in the morning basically because like there's been days that's just it's tough, I'm not gonna lie to get out of bed, you know you gotta you gotta get up to feed this buddy.
Are
you a medical?
Oh that's awesome.
No I'm studying engineering yeah and I'm the were both nerds so that's cool.
Yeah they're both just kind of like time heavy I feel like, but I know this is still better trying to make some like, I don't know, some side money instead of just playing games all day, it kind of helps out. Yeah.
I mean when you do what you love, I'm sure it's not work anymore. I'm sure you like designing stuff with you draw or do you like fashion?
I know that there's a lot of fat because I'm in California and there's a lot of schools that actually do have like either departments or they have like a network for those graphic design and also just like fashion general. Like I have a friend at UCSD who I think that they said that they haven't like visual arts and arts department that has in that I think graphic design and then in that or not in that like separately. I think they have fashion as well. I don't know whether or not they're full majors but I know that like there's department associated refund. Yeah.
irony. That's why
they are the community. Do you have a community college nearby? That has that because I know a lot of some community colleges have adult classes like that. Uh huh.
These are not being cheaper too.
That's very the I don't know like um metropolitan areas generally have like a fair amount of community colleges of their
access to uh in those community college is like a lot of like local people that have a lot of time on their hands and don't really want to do like just you know spend like night classes or some of that there was a class that I really wanted to pick up which was welding. Yeah I really want to pick up a welding class for making me in college but I just never got the time to actually do it. And then they also taught automotive automotive services, it's like how to fix your car, how to get into the automotive trade and then not separate from welding. Then there was also a viticulture club in class. So the video culture club basically said that they're kosher to like keep doing their thing because they had a class associated with it. So the class and I was talking to my organic chemistry professor about it, we were like shooting the shit one day and he was like yeah I joined the viticulture club and I started to join, I started taking the classes. He was also a professor. I was like oh it's not interesting professor be taking the classes like classes are super chill and they're super easy. I would actually take uh teach one of their chemistry classes. It's like the science is fine like wine and why they smell so strong like with the fermentation process is like and I was like oh that's super interesting. And he was like basically saying that the class like certain classes that they go through they just kind of like talk for like 30 minutes about like wine and then afterwards they just bring in bottles of wine and sample it so they just get
drunk. You got around one. Uh Yeah.
was our Hawaiian country too so like really well known vineyards around there. So I ended up being like oh like top right around the corner or grab a bottle of wine that's like rolling out and then just sample all of them late day. I didn't get drunk on a thursday night.
No. No. Yeah I've never seen you. Yeah.
Yeah I'm a California.
U. C. L. A.
Closer to uh
Have a lot of friends that went to Berkeley too so it's kind of cool. The L. A. I. You know I love this rocket
actually
have a friend that actually just went to U. Penn um
for graduate school. Sorry You're
in
school.
wait what year are you?
Okay. Okay. At least you're not a freshman. It sounds really bad but like imagine being a freshman this year like
you're
and zoom university over here
like
how you gonna deal with zoom you you know
well the East Coast is doing a lot better than California, California is like on fire with coronavirus spaces
and like the fires themselves. Just like everything that could go wrong in California really has, this year has been absolutely trash.
the army around the nation, it's kind of a getting worse and it's only gonna get worse as the holidays get more and more intense you know? Oh so
since you're in pennsylvania, do you usually go home for thanksgiving or just only
christmas?
Oh that's cool. Does she have an accent? Does she have a Jersey accent?
disappointed.
I'm chinese
still.
I know you're talking about yeah.
Who's the white people think are giving?
that's awesome.
So I was gonna say um funny story uh So I live essentially like a dorm dusk place. It's not exactly dorms, it's like housing associated with the university but it's like I don't have described anyways, there's like a male central center so like you mail me stuff but you can't bring it to my door. You mail it to the actual like, office. So recently I was going like out of the, was out if I was there when I was running. But anyways, I see outside my door like a giant package or something like that, I'm like someone mis delivered something, but it's big, it was a huge package. I look on it says butcher box and I was like, okay, this is a ton of stuff. And I was like owner who weren't sent to it was some lady and then the address was completely wrong because it's like technically, it was like the building, somewhere over. I didn't even know which building, cause there's so many different buildings and they all have different addresses technically, but the dressers was just sensed up to with the mail room and then you pick it up from the mail room with your mailbox. So then I was like, okay, this is really weird, so I call up the mail, the company or whatever and they're like, oh well just resend it because obviously that box is not going to get to the person, you're not gonna bring it over there, no one's gonna bring it over there and this lady is not gonna find it, so do you want it? If not then throw it away? And I was like cool. So I opened it up, I think I had a crazy amount of stuff and I looked it up. It was $130.
so I had a free turkey because of it. Yeah. Yeah. So I ended up cooking that turkey before Turkey Day and was it? I try to Alton Brown's recipes. Have you ever do make a turkey brian the turkey and then do his recipe and that turkey is one of the best trick he's ever had. Yeah.
Because you end up being dressed. Fuck! I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking about nasty meals. It's painful. Everyone had it really enjoyed it. So it was really cool. It was like 11 lbs. There's a small little Turkey. But I think that's so much work. I'm not gonna lie uh profit.
No, it sounds like more of a back country thing. Right?
Pretty. I mean the principle of frying the turkey makes sense because you're like, it's a hotter like contact of oil and like he just entering the turkey so should end up being more moist. Exactly when you dump up like a cold frozen turkey or just turkey into a giant bat of oil in that oil could spill or are you just terrifies me like a fire and a
you know like if I had the room and stuff like that, I would I would consider doing it once, but every single set up that I saw for like trying a turkey has just been so sketched, it's like someone's backyard. They have like some shaky non level like flame Bunsen burner and they're like pulling out of oil on it. And then these guys like okay cool, we're gonna drop the turkey and 123 And I'm like gonna be like a,
I mean if you got a KFC they sell uh was it fried turkeys? I think something
like that.
Well deep fried turkeys. It's really weird, but like I don't I don't know who the population of the people that buy that because apparently um I knew someone that worked at KFC and they sell out of those turkey meals and those like they had to pre order basically and they sell out of them every single year or whatever and I'm like, wait, how, what? Why? But I mean there's someone out there that wants deep fried turkey.
Honestly, it time passes by so fast in my opinion. I made so many good friends. I made so many good um experiences and connections that like I think that the whole thing flies by within an instant. My journey has been a little bit longer than everyone else's. But regardless, I think that like wherever it takes you and stuff like that, I just kind of go with it. I know the way to meet people that said I'm going to do this, I'm gonna do this and then they end up realizing to get to the thing and then they hate it. It's like, I don't know personally, I just think that late go with the flow, enjoy it and soak it all in. Don't like, it sucks at the moment because I definitely have done this before where you save every single penny and you try to skimp on different things and then your life just turns to shit and your mental health drains. I just would recommend that you don't let that happen to you. I like, I want to say there was like a period of my life that was like really dark because I just only did school. I didn't like take care of my hell. They didn't work out and everything. I didn't like, I didn't really find a will to live and then like now that I'm coming to the end of it and everything, it's kind of like, okay, well I found a realized sense of a purpose in life I guess. I don't know. This is my two cents on it. Like I know way too many people that just kind of said, I'm gonna like get through this. And then when I graduate, God will just drop a beautiful significant other. A great like a $1000 billion paying job and all of my troubles and mental health issues will go away and that shit doesn't exist. You know, like that doesn't actually happen. Life doesn't just drop a golden present on you. You really have to work towards it. And I if I figured that out earlier, I felt like I would have been happy earlier. Mhm.
But
these medicines. Mm
The awesome. That's a
really good question. I really appreciate it.
See you.
You
too. Thank you.