um I'm actually this is my first time doing it. Would you be able to teach me what I'm supposed to do next? Should I have the up browser open in the other time? For sure.
Okay so don't click next yet goodness.
Okay because it shows like little arrows, I wasn't sure if
I should click and move forward it or not yet
and yet.
Yeah. Is this your first time doing it?
Nice. Okay so you're pretty much a proactive already? That's good.
Yeah I mean that's good too. So you have experience. Yeah because you can help other people but yeah. Where are you from? What's your name?
nice to meet you. I'm kelly and I'm actually in Los Angeles
right now so it's pretty late over there because you're like Eastern Time right? You're like this
is a P. M. Yeah.
Thank you, how was your day today?
That's good.
It's always nice to have like really relaxing days. It
was good as well, it just like have worked from 9-4 so I actually just got off an hour ago so I was just like chilling and waiting for it. But my work is pretty pretty
like
um relax now that it's like during the middle of a pandemic right? Like
before we would have to go into the office and in front of my boss is like yeah we actually be working but now I like it because like I can walk around my room, I can like whenever I want to so it's like really chill. I like I think they sent out an email saying we might go back to the office in january but I really don't want to do, I'm like I'm really enjoying working from home, I don't want to go back.
exactly. That's what I'm thinking too because it's like, isn't that better for them too because they don't have to pay for electricity, like offices and we're still able to complete the same amount of work because all of our documents, everything is online on like on box and everything, like the cloud computing stuff, like it's super easy. And then like, that's like, I think workers would be happier if we could have to work from home.
But yeah, I don't think they're gonna allow us to do that, but it's right. No.
How old are you?
24?
I'm 23. They're really clinton.
What are you
too?
my gosh, you should just in 25. Happy
birthday. Happy late birthday
would you do to celebrate?
I know,
it's like, it sucks because like, there's really nothing you can do because the cars, it's
just,
that, that does count because it's like a little celebratory meal you're treating yourself out. That's
good.
Oh it's in March so I don't turn 24 until like six months later I think for like two months and then yeah, 55 months. So it's like a while
I am your your 1996. Right? Yeah, that's
Call up. This is really is he a casing your place?
Are
you
not big on horoscopes?
Do
you know what you are?
can't recall either. But it's hard to like differentiate for a while because me and my sister's birthday's, she's like five days after my birthday and ever since we were growing up because like I literally thought we were both pisces and because we were matching shirts to like I got her a matching shirt that's what pisses and we would wear were younger and she just recently told me that she's actually the next one because it's like the borders right between us, even though we're five days apart. So confused. Cause I was like, oh my God, you just wear that shirt took photos of me and like did all those childish things with me because
I thought we were like the same. But it was just funny, a funny realization because I was like, well that's funny. Like we're literally five days apart were like a different course. So, uh,
I know right? I don't know why I never even like verified, You know, so like check it up and see if I thought was right. I just assumed. But that's just funny little kids, right? Like it's just, it's so funny. Like little kids are so innocent. Yeah,
Yeah. How have you been with the coronavirus and everything? Has everybody been saved? Has your family been moved of?
that's good. It's just like so bad. Like I feel really bad for the students because they don't get that, you know, in person, um education, I know like my younger sister to,
she had to like their graduations are just like canceled and I have to be postponed.
So at least like, like she was really heartbroken over that because like four years and then it's just like you don't get a ceremony, you don't get any recognition except like a little, you know, of course your family congratulates you, but it's like not the same, you know, when you walk across that stage like four
years. But yeah, that's like how how has your partner have been dealing with the schooling stuff? Isn't like any any issues like connectivity or just like boredom
broke up with me.
So
I mean I love it because I mean even when I think of when I was back in the physical office, I would be a bit this year, but
now that we're like all out they separated the responsibilities more like they just define it more clearly, like back then in office, whoever needs like whoever you you says oh I'm gonna have to say that if you can help me pick this up really quick and now people don't really have the opportunity to do that because it's like we're all at home, you don't have anything to rush to, so you do your own work. I'm tired of picking up after everyone just kidding, like it's different now because it's like everyone has a clear responsibility so I just take care of myself and then I'm like we went for the rest of the day. Yeah.
Oh no, I love it because like
in the office, you know, you work as a team, your meetings in person saying, okay, we need to take care of this for today. But like at home we do have virtual meetings, but it's not the same. You can't really stay in front of everyone. Like, oh, I have to, I have this, I have to rent like the bus. So can you help me? Like, you know, there's like, there's nothing to do after work but you need, you're in a rush for, so it's like if you don't finish
your work then, you know? But no, it's just to help them out. But no, I'm just like, no, your sample it is this. I'm just kidding. I'm so real
Well. Yeah.
Yeah. And I'm sure they're like taking it really relaxed too. Because I mean, I, I bet they love it because I know like they're way more grown up than I am. Like they have their own kids. And families and communities are crazy because they live really far away from work. So I'm sure they're really happy like they get to spend time with their families and just be at home all they. Yeah.
Really? Yeah. That's that's crazy. That's a crazy commute. I bet they try to like
separate it out to like only go to school like 22 days a week or so for three days because 40 minutes. Because it is crazy that there Only the one trip for like 40 minutes there and back.
my gosh! That's crazy. That sucks. So bad. It's so crazy. Like you never really know what another person in the early is going through it in school. Especially like that the responsibilities at home and all these commutes. It's just crazy. But do you
also you do does your partner go to like um university of Maryland or something or? Which one?
Oh my gosh that's awesome. Is she?
Yeah. Is she studying to be a doctor? Oh gosh. That's crazy. That's awesome
man. I'm like so bad at math and science stuff and I'm like wow all my all my sisters do like that doctor out but I'm just like I could not I'm not doing that. Yeah.
we need more nurses like that you know that are like tearing spirit to them.
No I have where it's like oh my gosh that the things that they do and say how they acted like kind of scary that people's lives are going to be a hopefully that like we were younger back then when I knew them and they'll grow up by the time they get to like that position that have to deal with. But that's true. Mhm. Yeah.
What do you usually, are you like about it eat dinner or like because it's so late right now right? Are you gonna just gonna eat dinner right now when I go to sleep?
I think, I think that's that's nice. Would you, would you have for dinner? Well
what kind
of car is it like thai curry or indian curry?
Oh my gosh. That sounds awesome. Did you make it yourself or you you bought take out? Do you hear
yourself? Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. How did you make it? I want to learn. Is that did you like the stock that you like scoop in or did you like make it some chickpeas and all these things lentil?
Okay.
Well
I think what?
well.
Okay. That sounds awesome. I love it when they put like coconut look in there and it has that hint of like tight in it. Because I love thai curry so much. And indian curry. Yeah.
Well that's awesome. Mm Man, I
need to learn how to cook more because like I wanted to experiment with more with with recipes. But it's just so challenging for me because I'm accustomed to just throwing in anything like substituting this for that whatever I have. Because like ever since I was young my my parents had cooked that way. Like if you don't want to go after the grocery certify every single ingredients on the list. Just substitutes that you have. And what do you think they'll taste like? So for me when I cook, my partner doesn't like to eat it because he was like this doesn't taste like the real thing because I just like supposed to see a bunch of things I'm like a bit of creamer. I'll do like milk, which is kind of the same. It's just like, let's think. Yeah, but it definitely comes out in the end result I think. So. He's just like, no. So now he just he just cooks all the time and I just need it. Yeah. Really? He won't meet my good things on like then you could cook for us.
Yeah.
Mhm.
It's
difficult.
mm hmm. That's good. I think partners technique and he doesn't need to eat veggies. Like he's 25 or going, yeah, he's 25, going on 26 and he doesn't eat any veggie. I'm like,
You know. Exactly. And, and I don't know. He just says it's
the texture for him. Like he doesn't like the way it tastes like he just eats me and that's it. Meat and carbs. Because like with rice. Yeah. Yeah.
Home.
Yeah. Mm that's true. I don't know if he has, I think like ever since he was young, he just never really tried it either.
Well,
yeah, that's true. Like we we have been trying to, it's funny because like you don't eat broccoli because that he likes, he likes beef and broccoli. So every time he's like about Anita he has to like take a deep breath like a child. It's so funny. He's like 25 he's like, like really immerse it to it at
the
time.
I know, but it's um yeah, I'm like so sorry I start to go grocery shopping today. Later on today we're going to eat hot pot with my younger sister. So that'd be nice.
You
know a hot pot is,
this
is how cool. And yeah, so you probably have tried pot before, it's super easy to make uh you just like boil the water and drive everything in whatever
you
you've never looked. So like they sell the soup stock already in like a package. So in the package you can like somebody's it yourself because they already have the chili flake sectioned out. They have like oils for you. They have like small spices, like, like probably chopped up cinnamon or like those star and needs to make it like no more spicy. You can like changes studio based on your own preferences, but basically what you do is like you have, you have one of those like, like portable stoves, like a gas stove that uses detaining gas or something and let's take place it in the middle of the table, just throwing that whole package into some boiling water. And then once everyone is like, you just lay out all of the meat. You buy whatever veggies meat you want and just throw it in together and then whoever wants to eat it can just dig in.
I buy them because I can't cut it, like the butcher does it for us, but it's super easy because like, you just lay everything out and it's like, you don't even have to um try to like make enough or just enough for like one meal or two meals because it's like nothing's going to waste basically. You just drop in whatever you, if you're going to eat and then take it back off, so it's really, really fun. Yeah.
Oh, I mean, you could do it on the stove top too and you guys can just go to the stove whenever you want to get a refill of anything, you know because I'm thinking that it's kind of a waste of butane gas because you have to buy this canister, so just kind of pricey and I'm thinking it's kind of the same experience, just walk 5ft to the kitchen and it gets to like get some
soup and stuff if you don't want to waste the butane gas or get yourself a portable one that's like
Uh huh.
that's all powerful, I love that. So like all you have to do is buy whatever veggies you guys want cabbage, there's mushrooms you can put in um there's like meatballs if you eat meat or like fish balls to whatever you guys eat and so do you guys live near an asian market or something?
Oh my God, they're so hard to come by right? Like only only like really concentrated Asian communities, you can find like a stations and make it easily. But for us we also have to drive like 30 minutes out and we're in L. A. too.
So it should be like everywhere too. But it's like there's not that many asians that you can like, you know like it's different because it's like in in cities um a little bit away from Los Angeles, like the bigger city, there's like um with a rose meat and high standard heights. Those are smaller really tight knit asian communities. So there's like a suit asians in America on every single block. It's crazy. But like here around here you have to like drive really far away just to go, you know?
That's awesome that you guys found one really like recently.
Oh my gosh, is it like a small, small winner? Is it like a pretty big one?
because it's so easy to mess. Like it's like a corner store basically. Like a really small one. Right? But
I that's really happy because she
gets all her like asian snacks and stuff.
That's like a childhood favorite. Pretty like they love it. That's so awesome. I bet she's really happy.
Well, do you, have you tried it before? Is it good for you too?
What do you say?
Oh, that's so sweet of you.
This place.
True.
Um We stock up on everything because it's so hard for like we never really go that way. It's like kind of far away from everything else where we live. So we we buy like there's this thing called carrot cake, but it's not a sweet dessert, it's carry on a radish cake. So it's like made with radishes. I don't know if you or your girlfriend have tried it before
but
it's like I don't know how to explain it. It's like it's not like a rice
cake I guess it's like a jelly consistency but like a thicker jelly consistency. But it's so good. You like pair it with poison sauce or oyster sauce and it's really
Can
you
do
let me search about because I don't know if I'm saying it right.
I think it's called radish cake but I'm not too sure.
it is this. Oh yes yes turn up there you go. Turn up kick. And it's so good if you guys go to the asian market and they have like the ready made food for you. Which I don't know if they will because if it's like family and then they're gonna have to like make everything themselves. But if they do you have to buy this it's so easy to make you just like fry it up in oil and the wait until it turns brown and then pair it with soy sauce and sriracha and then like you can even eat it with poison or oyster sauce to it. So good.
it's texas.
What do you say?
Yeah it's really good. And there's also this one thing I really like eating when I was young, it's like thick noodles. Let me see what it's called.
Speak great. No I don't know I know what the Viet dish that's why I don't know like the pronunciation of it but I know they sell it in the asian markets. It's so good you put with fish sauce and sugar and water and garlic in there. Oh my God, so good. And yummy. And they also have like these pork rolls that are like they have pork but they wrap it up in banana leaves. So it's kind of you know from not fermented but like it stays in there so it's like so good when you cut it up and then pair it with that needle dish, it's like super fresh.
I love it,
I'm
making me hungry, I can't move for dinner. That's like I think a grocery shopping still and then that's gonna take like an hour. That's why I am already anticipating that. You know like I hate shopping on an empty stomach because then you just want to reach for everything that sounds good and then it's like you don't you don't buy anything healthy, you just like buying a bunch of snacks right?
this is struggle. How do you feel like during quarantine you've been like stress eating more often or like eating more snacks?
I think I have been like, I reach for chips all the time now when used to, I would like kind of not be so hungry, but now it's like you're sitting right in your room and like in your own house so you can always walk to the fridge, walk to your pantry. So like right now I have 20 for access to the pantry. And like, I mean like this and fire bag of candies. Like it's Halloween size it's like 55
snacks
in there or like things in there. And like I just ate it all and then like I bet how lunches and then I just like, it's so bad for me. That's why I'm like breaking out right now. It's really bad. But actually I don't know why. It's like I'm like less stressed out
than I was pre covid, but now I'm like getting acne because of my chips in my diet. Uh huh
That's true. We deserve it. We got to take a break and some things are hard on ourselves. That's what I'm struggling with two during quarantine because I feel like, you know, I have so much free time now, but I feel like with that free time I feel a sense of guilt because it's like I know I could be doing something productive like reading or catching up on a, you know, a book or like learning a new hobby, but it's just like we're just so stuck in that capitalistic mindset that we always have to feel the
need
to like go, go, go, you know? Yeah,
it's really tough.
like you like you don't want life to pass you by because it's like moving on with or without you, but like you also feel the need to like just
take a step back. But that's not really difficult for me because I I sometimes I realized like before when before quarantine, like I would have only like three or four hours of waking time like time that I was awake to actually be at home and that because I get home at like seven, you know are like yeah, probably seven because like I want to get off work until six and then come home and it's crazy because you only have four hours to yourself and like some of the home needs to be set eating and cleaning
and it's crazy because I've never had time for ourselves before, quarantine, but now that we have so much of his free time, it's hard to know what you do to yourself or not feel that
sense of guilt that you're
not moving all the time. You're like preparing for something else, you know that they want challenging.
Really? True. Yeah.
I hope everyone's been doing good this during the quarantine. Have you been able to like keep in touch with your family and friends? What?
Well.
Um It's definitely harder because like I don't know why during the quarantine I also don't like I don't I can't like muster the energy to like check someone back or like keep in contact, keeps us back and forth conversation especially when you don't have anything nutrition er you know because like before you have to think about like you're doing about anything that happened things you see, but now it's just like at home it's like the same stuff, but now I feel like it's hard to like keep
that conversation going for me and I just get so bored of it and tired of it and it's hard for me to like text back to and not like part of it is like me feeling like a bad friend for feeling that way. Like not wanting to test them so I don't text them back and then once it gets to like days later and having sex with him back then I feel like even more guilty you know? But it's hard I think I mean quarantine I've been enjoying because all you get all this like breast you finally get some breast give your body a break. It's just like the cooked up this and like isolation I think everyone's feeling. Yeah.
Mhm. But that's nice that you get to like see your partner every day because you you lived with her.
Yeah. So you don't feel like to you know because if you weren't in isolation together you would kind of like miss them. You know? Because like I also live with my partner too and I think it would be weird if I didn't get to see them every day at least are like a little bit. Yeah but I think it's 27 minutes now. So um we
mean up if you want to get a few.
yeah. However your other conversations said like
coming like
we went up to
it's true. Um But I'll give you a break to like you know catch up on all your nighttime activities and do stuff because I have to go run to the grocery store right right after this. But it was so nice meeting you and
talking. I appreciate
it this conversation.
nucleons
well thank you. Do do you usually like click the X button and then click the forward button on the other time? Okay.
Last time. Okay. I