how did he?
I'm
good going on here. I was scared that I would just wait the five minute, There's something and then be done. Yeah. Uh well.
I'm good. I'm good. I actually just woke up from a nap.
Yeah, wow, that's the quarantine Tobin right now. Oh
man.
that's it. That's it. So how are you, how are you doing in general? Yeah.
Yeah, malaria. So nice to meet you too. Oh
man. Have you ever done something like this before? It's
Moments Nice. That's, yeah, this is my first time doing like an actual video one. So yeah, I don't even know what to talk about. I just ate a cookie. So like I'm thinking
about food.
A chocolate one. Like a full chocolate cookie. Good. Yeah,
it had so much butter. It had like a whole stick of butter for like six ft or something, which you know, makes it the best cookie. Oh,
help.
Mm hmm. Oh. Oh yeah, that's all to listen. I want to make more cookies. Yeah.
We have to keep this going for 25 minutes. I don't know how many what And then I don't know how the survey after this works, but I know they say that takes like a little 20 minutes or something.
nice. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah.
Um I have a lot of things I like to do. So I mean right now the most recent thing is I just bought myself like a training sword. Like yeah, a long sword because I just really wanted to get into it and I have nothing to do. So, so that's what I'm trying. I've been reading some books about it like historical martial arts and like cool sword related things, but I'm kind of just waiting for it to come in so I can actually do things.
Oh no, so it's um it is a synthetic material, but it's not just like the like kind of plastic ones that you could get that are just synthetic and it has the real weight and balance of what the metal one would be. Um And yeah, it's dull and the tip has a little bit more like give than a normal one would just so in case you're like going straight on, you know, it
would stop it. Um So I spent like two days just looking over a ton of reviews because this community is like huge and I was not expecting that. Um and everyone has an opinion about, you know, steel versus cold steel versus synthetic versus this, but that's what I felt like was a good in between, especially since I'm just starting out, so I wasn't
going to buy like a big steel one and then end up like killing someone, you know? Yeah,
that
partners most of them. I don't know. Yeah. What are you into? What do you like to do?
that's more than most people. I think. I feel like if you bring up stores, not everyone can confine that connection.
want
to check
I'm
your
What?
I can't even, you know, at first I was incredibly excited. I was like, oh, I'm so jealous that so cool. And then I remembered who I went to school with and I was like, whatever.
I,
I've worn glasses like basically my whole life and I have such a vivid memory in elementary school of like having my glasses completely knocked off my face with like dodge ball, you know? And that was just a rubber bond. It's like who like kids do the, I don't know. I
could never.
Thank you.
Because,
but
I.
Uh So funny. I would have just gotten impaled. I can't imagine why someone would bring these things near kids. Like I was such I was like a ball magnet. Like I would walk across P. E. And a basketball would hit me like. And I wouldn't it just I can't even, oh my God I've done horrible. Yeah. I went to public school for all my years so it's like we didn't learn shit. Just like
they just let us wild into the world.
you asshole.
Yeah. I imagine going from private to public like that. Oh that's funny.
No,
I mean no.
What?
my
that's so funny. You know that's hilarious because I just I just graduated college
and
I have like a yeah, with, I would say useless degree. I'm going to go and do more things in my degree later, but I'm trying to take a break from school and I was looking into different things I could do just like things that wouldn't like take up all my mental energy or anything, just like other break, Right?
And I realized that I was actually very qualified to take on like these teaching positions at like charter private schools. And it's like, even the application process was so granola, like, like they were like, what? Like, how much do you care about the emotional well being of a child, like lunch box or whatever? And I'm like, I don't, I can just teach math, like I can, can they even count? Isn't that what we should be focusing on there?
Like, you know, like um rate your level of authoritarianism and I'm like, I hope that's not high. Like I don't
it just it's so funny at what they're looking for a man and I always wondered, you know, if kids that go to schools like that end up like getting more out of it than I mean us being ignored in public school?
Oh
With
You got Yeah.
Yeah. But be like there's a sarah in the class, are you sure she's not in another? Oh man, that's so funny. Yeah. My college was actually like that because I went to a very tiny liberal arts
college. So like the kind where I had multiple classes were just me for other students and a professor like in the living room just having class. And it was so weird because all of my other friends are big universities and like you know they'll say they'll be like yeah my professor doesn't remember my name and I'm like one of my professor texts me every time he thinks I'm upset because he's like worried about me in a very touching way and I'm like sir please let me self destruct in my classic college way on my own. Uh Yeah
so.
yes it was um Russian study Russians last year asian studies and linguistics so.
Is that the one about the camps? The
google?
Yeah I haven't read all of it but I actually had a guy above me who was a major in it who did his uh thesis work all I'm like document inaccuracies for like the gulag stuff and he he had a part of that, so like I read some of his health amount and stuff.
But
See I'm like I just I feel like I've just been like this since yesterday and yet all of the information from my head is gone. We actually took a lot of Russian film classes. Uh
So I don't know if you're into any Russian film, but we used to do like old soviet films a lot and then I'll be some of the modern guys like Tarkovsky and all those people but have some fun. I had some fun with that because it was just literature, film language classes and cultural studies, which was nice. It was fun to do.
I
studies
I
don't
want,
see that's hilarious. Well I mean my reading list for my Russian classes were so long. So like if I was to tell you everything we were supposed to read in those classes, I felt like the most intelligent person ever. You know, like we had like all of told stories, all of those Troyanovsky, like every single little indie poet That exists in Russia. But I read like 25% of it. But I got some good ISIS about them though. I did have opinions.
What happened?
no.
What?
Barbecues?
Fuck
music.
Every
station.
Hi.
I feel like, oh that doesn't work in like, especially classes that are focused on race and gender, you know,
which are
subjective topics and everyone kind of comes at a different level of knowledge. That's really rough because it's like how are you going to get either people to like learn or like, you know, let go of either negative user. We've learned you things if you're not gonna engage. Yeah,
that's
what
No.
fuck
So
It
just
Here,
I mean,
This is
Corey
as almost every fandom does. Yeah, yep.
No.
no, wait, I had to, I am upset that I now know this. You've
given me so much knowledge, but like did I need, That's, that's horrible. I just, I don't understand, I literally, I don't understand why you need to reach for Disney being racist given the fact that there are very obvious instances of Disney
hat,
I mean
it's a mega
corporation. Like they are very like, I remember um you know, one, I think I also was in a race and ethnicity class. They use the Disney example, but they use the thing of like um in peter pan, the representation of the native americans and then they pulled it further and we're like, oh like in there like, you know, Disney parks and stuff. Uh like historically in the wild areas they would have like native american chanting and stuff like warning signs as you were going through like the Metro or whatever. And
then,
you know, Yeah. And it was interesting to me because you know that stuff that it's like, I don't think that's reaching, but it definitely stuff that, you know, it's very subtle and you wouldn't consider it until you actually analyze it. And we also obviously supplemented that was a lot of talk about just in general like native american issues and what was going on that like I wasn't personally aware of at all before this class. Um, and it's like, so, you know, there are very real instances like that, it's funny to me that it's like you have to reach to create some, some fake things to be outraged about when there's like, you know, the world is a really bad place. Sometimes there's a lot of things to be free to uh okay.
Not
one.
Come on.
No, no, no.
I'm
just
joking. I also am the person in my friend that tells everyone is like, did you know that people on the Internet are into like um Piglets and Winnie the pooh being together, that I've been rewatching Kingdom Hearts. Uh very, very stuff and I've never played it before. My boyfriend was playing. I was like, okay, cool, I'm like super into it, let's watch it. And I just searched something up just to like see a character. We were like, we want to see how like mickey's dress or something, and I just see Winnie the pooh and Piglet it in compromising positions. And I was like, and
of course I immediately have to text like five of my friends to be like, have you seen this? And they're like, why would you make a scene? Why
would
Fuck.
Oh man, it's like everyone is one, by the way, my cats here in case you see him.
Uh Yeah, he's death. But he can tell when I'm using the computer and not paying attention to him, so that's why he
Fuck
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you know, it's funny, it's like the more time that I'm in quarantine the more I also forget how to interact with people. So it's like my weird things will just immediately come out and then I'll be like wait I don't know this person
first.
good.
So
Yeah because you have to like you you have to expose yourself that you know where that's from two. Like it's like he's thinking that ship with him on it like
Yeah. I just can't believe a professor would like why there's just so much work out there again on racism
lengthen some they still have a right of that. Like well I guess they're changing it. I heard that they're getting rid of splash mountain.
Well they're
not getting rid of that. They're changing the interior is what I've heard.
But
like
how was that not the one you went for?
uh well it was definitely the information to me.
That's so funny, wow.
College was really like that. Huh? Yeah. No.
Quick.
Yes I have actually.
We gotta, it's so funny because so I have a group of friends that are the worst because it's like we all actively really want to play but we're also incredibly disorganized so it's like well constantly start, we'll start a new campaign and we'll do like maybe 35 meetups and then it will be like four months and then someone will be like okay, I'm taking over, I'm gonna be the MDM now we're starting a new campaign and then we'll start that know how like to meet ups and then I went with the stop. So it's like I've never I played I think about
four different than in the Dragon campaign and I haven't finished a single one of them and that is like the pain of my existence. Uh huh.
I haven't um I actually, so I got really into the adventure zone which
I know
that the hodgepodge of DND but yeah, I watched that but in general I haven't seen the other ones, but I know of them what?
Because
I've
heard really good things about it.
well
I'm
gonna write because I have the worst memory.
I do know. Classic.
I didn't know that.
What?
I
see, I didn't know that. That's funny because I've seen so much about critical role like around I think one of the reasons I've avoided because they do have a really big cast and I really struggle with like trying to pay attention when you know, I'm just kind of like thrown in the middle of like having to figure out who everyone is, but I never saw that they were professional voice actors, wow, that must make it so cool. Like
my d M always when she has to do an NPC, it's always like she'll go really, really high so she'll have the it is me and then you go, hello, it is me and never normal voice and that's it for all the character.
I
think that.
So
that's funny. That's that's representation in media
man.
Yeah, I definitely, I mean one of the only reason I got through the adventure zone to the point where I was invested was just because the first few episodes are mess but they're so much of a mess that you can like blank out out of. You know, you can like just ignore for a while and then it doesn't really get a plot until you're like six episodes and honestly, and by then you're just so used to listening to it that for me was like okay, I'm invested now. But it's like I did didn't demand my full attention from the beginning. But yeah, I'll give it a give it a shot. I've definitely been missing Dnd. I've always I've always had a dream of d I mean game where I want to do like
run. I don't know, I can't get anyone to play with me. So like in college, all of my friends like they were not into really nerdy things. Like I was like most of my really nerdy friends from high school. So in college like I would literally be begging, my friends would be playing you know right during game night I'd be like please please join my campaign. I've been like Loki designing a zombie like high fantasy zombie apocalypse game for like two years. And I've been like,
it's like no and they don't know what they're missing because I was like, do you guys know how many people out there want to play DND and don't have anyone who is willing to be the D. M. And
I am here
so. Oh man. But
you need
That's
the most of my my friend groups when we played up and just we've been like ranted vibes like my boyfriend character one time where it was just it was we were all like we hate you, we want to kill you but we can't it's like we just it's always such a mess. Yeah, I like him but just because I'm a writer so like one
of the reasons I got a sword is because I'm in the middle of writing a space. It's like it doesn't have any fantasy elements like magic or anything, so it's fully like sci fi tech stuff. Um But it's very like young adult e kind of like fantasy vibe thing and there are swords in it because it's a thing for myself you know? So like why am I not gonna put in swords if
I if I want so um because of that I tend to really like the just like world building aspect of
it. But yeah my campaign is unused.
Sad.
Hey
there
said
what's cool world building
I
think?
Oh that's wonderful. Oh my God yeah look Diem's go through so much. My D. M. One time we were we were just like a normal, we were like in a mountainous area and we were, our whole thing was that we had to hunt down this vampire. Um For like it was a one shot of like we have to get three magical items and one of them was being taken by this vampire dude and we found out that he was running the mafia and he was like in charge of a lot of criminal organizations and stuff. So me and another friend, we're like, okay, well what's the best way that you always find like the mafia or stuff in spy movies, you have to go to the nightclub you have to go to,
you know, you have to do some drugs to get in with them and you have to seduce him. And she was just
like, who? She's like, oh the nightclub and we're like, you're telling us your vampire mafia dude doesn't run the local seedy nightclub slash strip club in this town, that's not realistic. And she was like, okay, give me a sec. And it was, and we were really successful. The rest of the party was trying to do this whole wild thing and my friend ken and I were just like, we're going in, we're going in
maybe
that's also why having DM because I'm such a, like, I love seeing everything that could happen that I write in, but then it's like if someone just said that, I would be like,
that's
my thinking.
woman
school.
No consequences,
no.
Oh my God, it always man, fire is a messy 12 we had a
Dragon
one time character and we just have to go up the stairs somewhere like the 12th floor to go meet with this high up person and
the project was very chaotic and she was like, Okay, I'll make a diversion, I'll make a ring of fire around the building. And my dad was like, you can just go in and she's like, I'm making a ring of
fire.
And then my dad was like okay. Role for it. She rolled so high and mighty and I was like, okay, well now you guys only have 30 minutes to do this before the fire gets into the building and you have no way out.
So congratulations. You did it?
No.
I mhm
I can see how the burning down the tavern thing could happen with this group.
this week.
you
take
look.
Look.
This is my
kidding.
Exactly. Without her being like, are you just gonna blow up my town now? Is that the next step?
Coming
well
Yeah.
come
You think
to
me
good?
walk
myself?
Uh You know that's a very surprised pikachu given they committed arson
Also
starring Kathryn Fighting.
like
super badass.
Well I support her she's not right she deserves to get revenge because
that's
you know my honest remind you because of just the ridiculousness of it. Um I don't know if you've heard of it there's a podcast is still going on and I've listened to like a little bit of the beginning but it's really funny. It's called dungeons and daddies.
Have you heard
of it?
All
it's so funny. It's basically like the A D. And D. Game but it's made up of dads and one step dad who get put into like the fantasy world from like the real world because their sons were taken from them.
So
like people on a quest to go. But it's so it's so funny because they're just like they both just act like dad but also idiots. I mean I guess one in the same who am I to say but it just it reminds me of this chaotic energy where it's like 22 episodes later. They're like oh no the consequences of our actions.
So
that's something
fuck.
But
deal.
They're having really high or really high moral ground right now for someone who just committed
multiple acts of arson
and they're like I don't know though, can we steal? Is that that of us if we steal?
Yeah that's pretty bad.
Well.
Yeah.
So
sacrifice broke now.
Back
stop.
Six
stop.
On
what? 20?
so he was like inclined
to like
watch. Mhm.
No.
Screen
something The invisible one way then immediately the first scope out dude.
So
Good.
No.
woman.
of course.
Yeah there's no way.
So
you
see.
Oh no. How
did
I get attached to know what the skin? Right. Oh no.
Yeah he didn't deserve that.
Mhm.
no
not that's so you don't like you have a really good team that's actually
like
idiotic but fun. Oh
my
that's so funny. I do I have to go see him
because
But I this is so fucking that's so cool. I just like you felt like a really good D.
M. And that's awesome.
Like just like that, it does not exist in the party anymore like
Slaw.
Yeah.
Yes sir. That's a little. Does anyone ever get upset that their rogue friend is consciousness is trapped inside of this loss, unable to do anything.
It's
Honestly if I got turned into a loss and those 28 days I would learn to write just like to write. Let me be
come
on.
It's always the fucking room.
Yeah. In the gift shop.
So keep it for to keep the real thing for themselves.
It's not that simple.
It's not.
come on.
With
actions,
Why? Oh man, please tell me that in the end, the power of friendship will win out
and everyone.
what?
She
went to know them. Oh
she's
to be like this man seems a little a little evil. Just a dash
of B
and no one was like, that's a little evil.
It's always the college it got
to
No.
that's
Like
There
was no.
I agree.
Facebook.
What?
What?
That's
it.
No,
like
that.
We
could,
School.
coffee
Mm. A cliff pia.
Mhm. See um I stand by my decision then I would be this loss.
There's
no winning. There's no winning
in
what? Mhm
Yes. Oh man. You're like, I need to, I think I might actually start critical real soon because I feel like you just like reawakened, you know, like it's like so many shows got me through college, especially like my last year, I was super stressed and now and you know, now I have nothing to do. So it's like nightfall, wow,
that's
so
fun.
but do they have Cliffy?
Thank
you.
That's fun. That's the result, wow.
Well this is your funny j Yeah, I know. This is super nice man. I feel like I got spoiled my first little like chat life chat or whatever. If I ever do this again, I'm gonna be like, you wanna talk about dungeons and dragons, you want to talk about?
It's
easy.
There
are holes in it that could be colt in it. You could always be in a cold and do it so
good.
Do you know?
one
obvious
that
the whole of his
head.
It's
not funny.
Thanks.
It's finally like the final mom version evolution of what DND
is.
Thank
you.
What
so
is
doll was dolly Parton there? I
love
her.
I guess she's loved dad,
which is great.
That's
so funny. You know, like my mom is hispanic. Like she's very like an immigrant, you know, so she doesn't know a lot about american culture. So it's like when I tell her I'm playing DND, she just one, she's always like, you could do other things like go out, but that's fine. But she'll listen so actively to the story and she'll be like, wow, you know, I'm so glad that kids are being so creative nowadays, this is great, and I'm like, yeah, everyone's doing this,
this
is,
it's like, yeah, it's like, have you seen me? Uh Yeah, that's so funny. Yeah, thank you so
much
then.
Yeah, Do you have like social media or something, do you?
Yeah. M E R S E R
Hi,
I'm also, you'll see pictures, I think the most recent picture there from like a year and a half ago, and I just updated it because people were like, who is this? Um But yeah, cool,
you have,
she's,
it's like, I don't have that many stories because again, it's like our gatherings are two hours of a non session
of us just making up, like, it's like, we don't have enough stories to tell that hopefully I will get to your level one day I
aspire.
that's,
yeah, I'm, I'm creating one planet right over my story. There's gonna be three that they really go to and it's like my ideal world building is, I'm like their sand, it's purple and it doesn't feel like sand and I'm like, nice. I got it. That's it. I did
it.
that's
like
your
Carbon card. We did it boys.
What
type?
that's
it.
I, I wish I was downstairs right now. My boyfriend recognize because we have a big mouth billy.
Mhm. I hate it. I hate them. Okay. I really
do have to go, but this is fine.
I'm