Hello? Sorry. No, I'm five minutes early. May have been in the waiting room for I think 15 16 minutes. And I just clicked it now because I wanted to make sure that it was working and that if there were any technical difficulties on my end, that I was able to iron them out before the prescribed time limit, just that you guys get the best video possible. I obviously will not start and personal time to keep track until um and until that my partner arrives, should they arrive. So I'm just going to continue breathing until that happens. Hope you're all doing well, probably. Mhm. Yeah. Two. Excuse me. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh, right, jesus, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, no. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Nokia one o'clock. Those Krauts, they arrive soon. Yeah. You? Yeah, I'm here. Okay. Yeah. All.
Hello?
How are you?
How are you doing today?
Same
And
sleep schedules for the wind? Right.
very sleepy. Just I'm a J by the way. Nice to meet you.
let's
before. Ah I just ended talking about a film for an hour or 20 minutes.
Little
What type of cookie?
Right.
And personally founded the vanilla ones
that have chocolate in it to get more of the contrast
I want to go back to, but
Yeah. Last time is mostly multiple choice so that helps.
Yeah. What hobbies do you have?
that's awesome. Is it like a wooden sword like kendo or like the actual metal with a dull blade?
Canon.
Every
I think that trend upon in
most communities.
Uh let's see, I'm a film student so I watch film so not nearly as really as I should. All I have not done any sort stuff. I have like a collection of short, I picked up a garage sales, but that's it and
Oh that's fine because I like friends in high school of like Oh I have a genuine sort of like I just got the $12 small ones that you find in something. I tried doing sword training once one of my old school years ago, every friday they had a thing where instead of being
actual
school school this was like a shorter school
or something
had different varied classes on different subjects, so it was really fun and then they get rid of it. But one of the teachers did like a sword training class for one of the days and
he actually had all the wooden kendo swords, I think it was 10 minutes before someone hit me in the face with it. Yeah.
Think of any
average small Children, would you trust him with a sword? The answer is no.
So
I I had to laugh, I also I'm supposed to wear glasses, I have reading glasses so I just don't wear them because I get headaches. But yeah I wore glasses in school and in second grade this one was a private school, I have so many fun school stories um one of the things they wanted to teach us dexterity
or something and they were like okay so you're going to learn how to like juggle pipe,
so so they gave me these three ft
long copper pipes and had two kids and you stood to the other side of another kid and just tossed it back and forth so they tossed one and you talk from, you have to catch the other one smack right in the face glasses, like you know
in court wise?
well.
Yeah, my high school was public school
and that was an experience.
Well the private
was also kind of terrible, I went from private department is the private ended up being awful. Um
It turns out in private schools you get like the really weird granola e teachers, if that makes sense, who like because their private, they have like the standard
of that, if you don't meet that standard, they're going to make your life miserable. So like I had this one teacher who would constantly harass me because I was eating too much sugar and would like call me out in front of the class for eating sugar. That doesn't
happen in public school. Mostly you in public school,
hey,
congratulations.
Report
it.
But
there is a certain benefit to it because it's that anonymity of the school where it's like oh a j
I see you brought fruit snacks again, we don't get that in public school, like in
public school it's the complete opposite, it's like
threatened me with a screwdriver, don't do that Sarah
And
so what
do you may drink or what did you get your matron?
cool, let's see uh you know nothing about that whatsoever. Have you read a day in the life of Isan Ivan Denisovich by can't marriage?
the guy
in the gulag
Trying
to the guy's name assasination, alexander association
How are you?
No
I I'm more of the film
studies major which
means that I don't watch
anything,
I just have opinions on it, that was like my entire class.
What a move that I read and we were like war and peace. I read about half of it and um the one class that I took in or I did most of my schooling online, so I didn't get to interact with a lot of other students were just going to depress because everyone's like, oh, I made so many good friends in college,
they're great, we're still in contact. And I'm like, My friend's name was student participant number 4-7 9.
It's but you know, there was one class called like race
and gender and film and it sounded great in theory, but Washington practice instead of like tackling what could have been, you know, the stuff that like the historical things about, you know, birth of a nation and like, okay, yeah, this is an issue. We want to understand where this came from. It argued
some of the most arbitrary
things and the teacher was
wasn't like one of the teachers, like I want to learn and hear your
opinion.
He was like,
this is what I feel write this essay, letting me know why I feel what's right. And so it's
thank
you.
And
so
yeah, I I kind of lost the respect of the rain word. But what it was like, okay for this week, we're going to analyze why Disney's Aladdin is an inherently racist film of okay,
let's see what you got. They're like, okay, so this is one of my favorite stories to tell anyone ever.
As is demonstrated by the fact that I am telling a random stranger After 2013 minutes. Because it brings me so much joy. So some of the hard hitting evidence for why it latin was a racist film was because in one shot in the movie, he is darker skinned and another shot. He's apparently lighter skinned and he even had like a visual aid image and it was like at the beginning of the film, he was dark skinned at the end of the film, he's white because now he's good except that the
dark skin part was shot in shadow when he was like in the movie of wonders. So like everything is dark and the picture that he used of the here is Aladdin. White skinned wasn't from a latin. Uh huh. It looked like a latin. If you saw, you'd be like, hey, that's from the latin. But because I have a wide knowledge this is one of the students like you're wasting your life on the internet like oh yes, you are 100% right with this.
But and
I've had like experience on things like tumbler and
I've seen
the mm there is a fan comic of Aladdin that is more mature than Disney's Aladdin
to
put it politely.
he is light skinned and that was the screenshot. The
teacher used his official power point to demonstrate how Aladdin how the animators, maid latte and white. Can you use this screenshot from a gay porn comic where Latinos hooking up in Hercules?
I apologize if.
That's
certainly
your
examples
how
the illegal
Yeah that sounds like a substantive and interesting you know thing to learn about and we went with a latin. So I do want to say if I I apologize if I in
any way like overstepped
or you know made you uncomfortable for you know
mentioning the Aladdin. Yeah. Being inappropriate
definitely
with
attention.
Room
What am
I? One of my friends and I literally have that exact relationship where we do nothing but send each other the
worst things we can find on the internet.
Hello.
But yeah, I still wanted to, I just if that way was because like even if you are the person like oh my
gosh, this is the worst thing ever. I probably should've prefaced with saying adult implications in the conversation, so I apologize for that.
For me it's just the fact that I it is my favorite story from that class.
And so I immediately telling only after I'm like shoot, I probably should've prefaced that this comes that this anecdote involves the implication of Aladdin and Hercules, you know it comes, but if you google a latin white tumbler meme or you know, Aladdin
is, you
will see the actual meme where someone compared it and one person in the comments was like, dude, that's not from Aladdin, that I'm a comic, I've read it like, okay, first of all, very bold of you sort of just, you know, come out and say that
that is a mutually assured destruction
you had. Starting of the self
and
speak.
I'm
kind of
sad,
right? It's like, no, we're gonna go to bold new direction. Yes, it's a long way, but it is both bold and new
and
it's
uh let's see the other with respect to hobbies because you asked that before and then I went off on attention as always, is have you ever played, I'm a total nerd thing. Have you ever played
dungeons and dragons?
So you know, 5?
Published but
uh let's see, I'm currently running the Indy campaign, so once a week and so I'm the forever Dm I have to ask, have you ever walked critical role?
it
will.
you ever have the chance? Critical role one of the best. It's one of the things that got me into DND the first that they're
on campaign
to, I think campaign one is amazing, right?
But if you ever want to try watching it there, pilot episode is kind of boring because it literally was they just took their home game and dropping livestream because they were like they were at the beginning of an arc, but
all the characters were already established and so it's like kind of what's going on here. So if you ever watch it and I have to strongly suggested and I literally
did this last time I had the guy was like, have you heard of critical role? Yeah, but the episode called Trial of the Take and
same and it's great because they split the group in half so you only have to learn half the characters names and they have a couple of guest stars. I don't know if you know who Felicia Day is, she's the
she was a guest star and basically they're told you have to go hunt the Dragon and the whole thing with critical role is they're all professional voice actors. So you had
that's what makes it good because you know like a normal was like force oof I will um and you know even me, I try to do the role play, I'm
not good at it. These people are just like and what are you talking about when you said that you can do that and like in character, every single one
of them has an accent. It is forgetting nut is the best thing.
In
I do like three accents, vaguely like the british wonder you sound vaguely british, you know,
I can do a hike, it's
pretty one. Very royal and then I have a sort of
all irish where I can only say irish and everything else is normal food thing and that's it. So single. NBC they encounter is american vaguely british for the virus.
Each Trial
of the take part one is where you start and so good that my my friend, I had tried watching some before and I was like no, it's, I'm so confused and my friend was like watch this one episode, I was like fine for you and then I mean more of these.
Run. Run.
that's awesome.
And
here I am,
I request
that you do the homebrew stuff because all of the stuff that I run is from, like I find one shots and then like string one shots together and somehow try to threat my party is the epitome of chaotic,
stupid and I love them.
Well that's
stories
and
I
do know world or I try to do world building. I made like a town. I was like, okay, it's a coastal town. I'll give it four stops and the name. And then immediately in the town of the party was like, hey, can we go to the seamstress here? And I was like, yeah, sure there's a seamstress. He were and give me a minute and we took like two minutes for me to figure out how to name. But because it was a coastal, had every single shop is named after some sort of seafood based
thing.
So
the text,
the tavern is
like
the tipsy trout and armor smith is the shining scale. It was like shoot what is a fucking assumes his name. And then one of my players was like Calvin cod and I was like, yep, that's the name now. The name. Yeah,
if
I know.
Never underestimate what a player is going to do the
earth.
That's my favorite
moment
is when I have everything planned like, okay, I got a B and C and then they're like, let's do G. Yeah. In their first session, it was kind of a one shot. I made a horrible mistake and had
them do a stealth mission for their first ever game that does not mesh
well with new players. You're like, we can do anything, let's destroy everything so there.
Exactly. So they're subtle infiltration of the nobles house
ended them with killing half the guards doing a smash and grab. I was like, you didn't know there was like a fake replica of the item in the gift shop, right? Oh shit, we didn't even check that. And so the town that they were in Wolf Pine, uh they were wanted after that and they, they were run out of town while they were running out of town, they accidentally burned the tavern to the ground And like three other houses, some really bad roles. And so it became a running joke of, oh, let's go back to Wolf Pine. It's burned out.
yeah, Oh,
it gets better.
I don't know,
Greatest
Commander,
I wonder.
Well then they ran into a cult, sorry
and all courts subplot went very well. And then I had it planned for the next session where they were going to run into the next aspect of the cold and then they're like, hey guys, before we go to this new place, which was
let's go back to Wolf Pine. I did not have that plan the reason they wanted to go backwards because at one point they hired a woman to make them some dynamite out of the gunpowder they bought because we'll find with the only town sold gunpowder.
ironically not gunpowder, just a natural one on a fire spell. But here's the thing, they were seen
by all the guards and wanted and then they wanted to go back to the woman who they hired in the town
to pick up the thing.
And so I was like, okay, I didn't
say this because the natural consequences, they had to come up with a really smart way to somehow pick up an item that was on hold that the woman, no doubt at this point new was connected with the arsonist because of like brow a T flaying and an elf drop drop off some stuff like we'd like some dynamite please, we'll be back in the day and then the next day half the town burned
down and they're freaking wanted posters everywhere with brow A T fling and an elf. She's done
another
kitty, she's gonna draw the lines. I'm like okay, how is he going to convince the lady that he knows about the stuff on hold without being connected to the one people? And they are,
are you in cahoots with the people who are still wanted their idea.
Their idea
was to have the drought, write a note
saying, hey, it's me, the drought all remember me, this guy is my friend. Please give him the gun
powder and send him off, They just waited in the forest and send him off um layers like sure, oh I can get that for you. It will be here in about two hours and you kind of put it aside like Oh brilliant, that would be great. Thanks.
two hours later
he
goes back to
the shop and the party sees like an army of a dozen people marching over
the hill for the shop and
they're like, oh when you mess something up.
Oh no. Then what was their plan? How do we distract the guards to save our row friend more arson there, like they think we're arsonists. Oh I know let's set the forest on
fire and have them
set the forest on fire and have them rush over so they set the forest on fire. It distracted like two guards, they barely managed to escape. But now the forest wants them dead. Now they have like angered a dry add. I hope I with like someone else and so we've come up with the idea of like one of the dry adds trees in the forest burned down. So she is now like an undead haunted spirit, like completely charcoal
black and
and any time they go into the forest it immediately starts attacking them.
but
they're like, no, we can't go into the floor is like, maybe you should have thought of that before you burn down the forest. Yes.
I,
I
think I learned about it just today when
I was looking for critical role podcast, I was like dungeons and daddies like a dating simulator.
that's
it.
Yeah. The, the consequences of their actions is their biggest enemy and they felt like the wizard, they just finished an art like a three session arc where they were hired to steal stuff from a guy could someone else thought he had poisoned
some people
and that was fun because he did.
They were hired to still oceans from a wizard who had poisoned a bunch of orphans and it was really great because I specifically, they were like, huh? So you want us to steal from this guy? Well that's convenient. Maybe it's really not all that bad and you're the bad guy, they apparently don't trust me. So I made that the wizard, they like scoped out his shop
and I made the guy as horrible as possible. It was like incredibly rude and more than slightly racist to all the non human characters. And afterwards they were like, oh yeah, he is a dirtbag but I don't be killed. The
Children
arson
and murder were after like 21 dead guards.
So I'm really convinced them to do it with like, and then it turned out that the guy was torturing his assistant in the basement phone.
Yeah, part of the cult activity. It was like, oh shoot, I can connect this to the ark because it was going to be just, I'm sorry, but no people tied by the cult to kill
non humans. And so um
the road goes in the same rogue who
nearly died
and he tried to sneak and I had ruined at this point
that they had like set off multiple
alarms. So the guy was just going to be waiting for him for him and he wrote like ridiculously
high on sneak but there's one door and the guy was behind it. But so I described
how he opens the door and he sees before him like on this metal table they're strapped down the non Amish assistant like completely bloodied and screaming at some sort and there are spikes on the table slowly going into her back and the bad guy standing there holding a lever and it's like the whole hello? And the like, well he noticed me, I ain't gonna try and he's like, It's after torture master 5000. I love that thing. Can I try natural pointy on the prescription? And so
like
I do spirit. And the road was the only human, so it thanks.
Yeah. And I was like,
oh yes, of course. And he pulls the lever and it starts going through her back and he's like, and the roads just standing there watching.
that's brilliant. Have you tried waterboarding her that water anywhere? And I was like, hey guys, the rest of you, do you want
to do something at this point, you're just waiting for the rogue. You hear there, you see the robe walk in and then you hear more screaming
And then nothing else happens. And finally they're like, OK, let's send in the invisible one.
Yeah, no, it was the road first
and then they finally sending the invisible
when I threw it at this point,
like according to the thing, they have like two rounds before
bad things happen, like they are way more than two rounds into this. So right as she approaches
and I was like, oh my gosh, I'm going to try to extract the little gnome girl, like Yeah, even if the natural 20, there's four restraints and it's not gonna work,
so get a bucket
of water and you put it over her face and you put a ragged
and
at that point I was like, no, I like my way instead. And he pulls the lever. And I described at that point how they all hurt her like that there's one final your piercing shriek before the spikes like shoot out from her chest. Everyone got that guys you sent in the Rogan, He encouraged him. What was your plan here? The But she's dead, like, Yes, because the road was encouraging it and then it was a really fun battle, but
really the consequences of
our actions.
it was I gave them a chance to revive her because they had just reached level five and it worked because I liked the MPC and I wanted to keep playing.
But then immediately the lawful good power, it was like, so you're not reviving, you cost a lot of money, right?
Can you like,
oh my gosh, you guys are the worst.
They're kind
of
I never
know what's gonna happen. I was like, okay, they're going to stop him. We always going to encourage him. Let's see how this goes.
well,
I think we've gone over the 25 minutes.
Thanks.
Thank you. Here's no fan. The next session is like monday. So we'll see if they die, if they're going to be going up against like a thieves. They, oh, a rogue is the second rogue because the first one was turned into a sloth. Yeah.
The,
this new rogue wears the old broke. He's still a lot.
He just wears him as like a living scarf.
No, but that's actually where the whole forest curse comes in because In addition to the forest hating them, the paladin of the vision, long story where the dry, I told him that she put like a death curse on the party. So if the, in 28 days or less, the road is going to be permanently a slaw And they have instructions on everything they need to gather to make him human again.
But they now have to gather at all in 28 days or he's a slot forever.
Well here's the thing. The new rogue, the rogue who got into a sloth rolled up a new
character
and made them another. So the Rogues is still a road. The new rogue is actually planning on betraying and killing the entire party
because the party part of the reason we burned on the tavern was because the whole smash and grab job was to steal an item for a underworld leader called the Spider. And remember that replica I mentioned before
after smashing and stealing the thing in phobia of everyone. They grabbed one of the replicas anyway and passed that off to the spider instead.
And the spider found out in like a day. So he sent a bunch of assassins
after them, one of which was the old rogue who wanted to betray the spider for killing his friend. So the old road
was an associate of the spider
and then join the party to save them from the spider. The new Rogue is also an associate of the spider sent to find and kill the old Rogue. So he has joined the party under the guy's like oh sure I'll help you get your friend back because he needs to see if the sloth
they keep calling Grinnell is the
that he was hired to kill.
I doubt it.
Oh I did. So what's planning on happening is if they complete the unpolished morphine ritual in time investors, the old rogue is gonna be transformed from the sloth
and his first reaction t that's a bloody associate a fighter. And then the new road has already been making connections in this new town being like, okay, so I need to contact you at some point and when the ritual ends you just swore party and be killed
all.
No, he is going to have to fight his new character with his old character along with the rest of the party. Right? I have no unless the new road has said because he's the one who asked for this, I'm not gonna be like, oh you can trade them. He wanted this. He's trying to see if
he can push the parties buttons enough to get them to notice something's off of him before.
So
the shopkeeper that reported him to the guards and Wolf Pine after they killed all the guards. He like walked back into the shop and just stabbed her twice in the stomach and walked out and the rest of what it was like.
Yeah the palette and healed the lady thankfully. But
except
one of different from for wondering, paladins cursed as well. Different curse. I have a problem. They have like three different curses going at one point paladin killed a man who was running away and got cursed by his God
to be haunted by the ghost of the guard who nearly killed him because it became a running joke
that he was produced like one hit point by an old man who kept rolling an actual like that then you discourage and so he was so relieved when he finally died like yes but you are then
and so as revenge for being like killing him
unarmed
guard who was running away. The God resurrected him as a ghost who cannot attack him. But he also can't be this film so randomly he'll
get like this available checks by suddenly this spectral spirit appearing for him, stabbing him with a spear that just you know, feels like back you friend,
I strike you. And in also the old road was perched for the paper because I have a running salesman who sells them cursed items or sometimes they're cursed. Sometimes they're just really stupid.
It's a door that buzz is really angry. Really like I have a job for you.
The excellent, it's a jar. You it's just a
freaking Darby's
And they haven't used it yet. But when they
do you
throw
it in it shatters and everyone within like a 10-foot square takes to these six piercing damage. As the jar shatters, you're going to hear a bass boosted.
Do
you like jazz? So yeah, one of the things they sold them sold was
a small curved piece of metal, this little silver object that he
picked up with thick leather gloves and held out carefully. And the ruling is that picture cliff. I don't want to hold it as soon as it touched his hand, he felt like this cold chill right up his arm and appearing on his shoulder was like a 6" tall version of the same thing with these two large blinking eyes. It could be the paperclip
randomly like will appear on his shoulder at the most inopportune moment. Like when he's sneaking through a camera, it seems like you're trying to stream through the camp. Have you tried being quiet and just offer him horrible advice that he totally knows just to annoy him.
Well for all you know that the slot here is that every day now the
slaughter stopped.
There is
no one winning when I'm criminalize
but yeah one of them cursed for the ghost. One of them curse for the paperclip. They're all cursed by the forest and that is dungeons and dragons.
It's slightly
less patriotic
than
my games but it's way better active.
No
no they don't they do have a talking sort
at one point though so
apparently
that's me every time any time there's a look. So do you like dungeons and dragons? Is that a court
thing?
It's like no
maybe.
Last question. Do you know what doom is
the game Doom? Well
it's a game where you basically fight demons. Critical role was hired to do a D. And E. One shot of Doom by the video game
company. They're like we want you to spend three hours
in
our world just in a dungeon
and
they all play demons and so all of them like, you know, drew on their faces with like the pentagram stuff and so many jokes
about,
okay, is the
demonic after all.
And
that one was absolutely chaotic because like the one demon who ate souls would bring them
back
and she like eight, the souls of country music stars. So
she would like use the souls
of shields and she'd be like, choose you johnny cash
and it was wonderful.
She
wasn't,
unfortunately,
it seems like
johnny cash and Shakira and
it was correct. So,
that's what the cool
kids
do.
Of
course,
it was really fun. Uh, this happened to share chaotic day in these stories.
just facebook AJ last name, Mersereau, M E R S E R E A U.
Yeah. Yeah. I never post on it.
Which I think is a
so if
you have any funding in these stories or anything else, let me know because I'm happy to share. I'm happy to hear. I'm I apologize if I compliment about you know I mean yours with the vampire
club sounds wonderful.
Good for you.
not
a high bar watch critical. I'm trying to reach the role of matt mercer everything. He did his homebrew except for like the monsters. The entire world of exam Andrea is home brew. It's created mobile
continents.
Use
different languages for like every continent and
different
cities
and oh my gosh, I'm just like Calvin cod work work.
It's math. That as a singing fish.
It's
Calvin cods mascot is one of those big mouth billy bass singing fish and there's one in every dressing room and that's how you
get like this
Nice and you ask you a question and it seems to you and brings you and someone brings,
I have to imitate the guys for like 10 minutes, so it's fun.
it's
talk with you. Have a great rest of your day,