SPEAKER_L: crazy. Yeah, yeah, look at one. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Well, okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Shit. Oh people, Yeah. Okay. Mm Right, welcome. So I just read the instructions. Uh this is my first time.
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: This because I don't know, have you ever done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: I've done one of them.
SPEAKER_L: one of them? Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: let's say yeah. Both times though it's it's you know, it says in the survey it's like we might give you promise. And both times I ever got any problem. I'm like, what do we do?
SPEAKER_L: I was like just talk to 25 minutes like okay, this one guess
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: there's about to figure out. So um yeah, my name's Adam um
SPEAKER_R: I'm melissa.
SPEAKER_L: Melissa, Nice to meet you melissa. Um I'm from Ohio, how about yourself,
SPEAKER_R: I'm from pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_L: pennsylvania? Okay, so not too far away then. Midwest area, it's pennsylvania considered midwest
SPEAKER_R: It's considered mid atlantic. So it's
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: the Northeast,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: but then if you split the northeast into two parts you get mid atlantic and New England I think which mid atlantic? I think it's just pennsylvania new york.
SPEAKER_L: okay, okay, cool, cool. Um random, random fact that pennsylvania is, I guess you have something called scrapple over there, Have you ever heard of this? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I have had scott.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm gonna say I'm from the Cincinnati area and we have get to, which is sort of our local like you take meat and put some kind of vote filler or something in it
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: and turn it into something. So, um,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it's in the same category.
SPEAKER_R: the only thing I know about Cincinnati is um what's the name of it? There's that place where it's like they just put like chili on spaghetti.
SPEAKER_L: skyline chili. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of Skyline chili and I heard her it was
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: like on a podcast and it was like to Cincinnati Cincinnati and Cincinnati Bates, we're gonna be talking about it. And they were like, they were like well it's awful, but we love it. So that was like,
SPEAKER_L: there is something addictive about it does grow on you. I actually grew up an hour north of Cincinnati, so I was in Dayton, Dayton Ohio. Um, so I didn't actually try skyline until I was in high school. There was a, there was a restaurant there and always drove past. I didn't know what it was, you know, About three miles away. So um, finally tried it again and I, my wife is from Cincinnati. We ended up sort of moving down in between Dayton and Cincinnati because I work up to date and she works down in Cincinnati and, and yeah, so I eat a lot more skyline now and it does, it does grow on you. So, but whenever I have friends from out of town I take him there let them try it. Normally their first reaction is like it's a little weird but I could see
SPEAKER_R: With with you?
SPEAKER_L: learning to like it. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: I grew up right outside silly area, so like my
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: thing, it's like, it's like okay, it's like we got scrapple, we've got cheesesteaks and we've got people arguing over cheesesteaks and it's like,
SPEAKER_L: cheese with us. Right. Do you have a strong opinion on this? What?
SPEAKER_R: growing up and this is probably because my dad has a very strong opinion on it. My dad was like, it's got to be with, it's not it's not cheesesteak, right? And it's like, and it's like you got to
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: have with, you gotta have onions on it. And then as I got older and I started making my own cheesesteaks, I was just like, I'm just gonna put american cheese on this, I don't really care. Although I will say the meat, the way the meats cut up is really important because some places do like the really finally like shredded like beef. And some places do these like thick slices of beef and I don't like the thick slices of beef because it doesn't like because you buy into it and then you like pull out the whole piece of like meat comes with it, you know what I mean? It's
SPEAKER_L: Jack.
SPEAKER_R: like like a grilled cheese, like a ham and cheese, like grilled sandwich. And when like the hand just slides out of it, you're just like, well this is disappointing. So.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'll have to try with cheese with some time. I've only ever had the not real version
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: of a Philly cheesesteak sandwich.
SPEAKER_R: It's even weirder if like if you're
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: thinking of like cheese whiz like in the grocery store like in the can cheese with its a bucket and a little so
SPEAKER_L: Actually it makes a little more normal. So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: there's something about cheese out of a can that makes me a little
SPEAKER_R: No they don't they don't they actually don't. Well it's probably out of a very large can't like you know like there's industrial size like cans of tomatoes they use in restaurants. It's probably one of those full of cheese. But they do the thing where it's like they put the meat and the cheese both on the grill, like mix it all up and then you put the sandwich on top of it and then flip it. That's how they that's how they prepare a real cheesesteak, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. We're actually um with all the stuff that's been going around with Covid and everything we've been looking at trying to find you know something nearby that we can maybe do like a little vacation rental or something like that, not be around people, but at least get out of the house, you know, a little bit with the family. So um pennsylvania was one potential option since it's within easy driving distance.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I would throw out Poconos as an option if you're like thinking of that. Just because a lot of areas up there like you know you can get a cabin rental or like a bed and breakfast rental or something like that. You know, it's in the mountains but we were there last week and we did we went to the outlet mall on the first day, it was open career, like why not? I was like get some discount shoes and we could get some
SPEAKER_L: Rare.
SPEAKER_R: discount shoes. That was really weird because all the stores had like,
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: Like literally like 5-10 people limits, so
SPEAKER_L: Which sounds actually kind of nice in a way. We have our our local amusement park opening up here in the next week or so, Kings Island and they're gonna be basically, you have to like schedule yourself to go in there because they're going to have a daily limit how many people can go into the park and you know, spaces between seats and stuff like that on the roller coaster for me. I'm like actually sounds kind of nice almost like it's kind of like and send them to go, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I like I like this. Yeah, I heard Disney's doing that. I don't know exactly how they're doing the scheduling, but I was like, we should add a like just throwing stuff out. I was talking about maybe doing a day in Disney because we're going to be in Orlando and like september my husband just like uh if we can even schedule it because they're doing yeah, sign up stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, like some of the places um I know just a couple of days ago I came up on my facebook feed, we have a little casino here in Cincinnati that actually just changed their branding. So they've been real happy and advertising the brandy, but they had the owner on talking about all the special things they were doing to keep it clean and it's like it seemed like the casino would actually be like the cleanest place you could go in Cincinnati because they have so much money, Right? I mean they have like people with these packs on that, they're like de ionized air packs or something, they're going around spraying everything down and they've hired, you know, 100 people to just sit around and wipe down every single machine and some, sometimes everyone gets up, so
SPEAKER_R: Alright. This sounds sounds sounds good for a job creation too. Uh huh. Yeah, we've uh yeah actually they're doing that to my one of my work areas tomorrow because we've gone I'm in the central employee because we just do like scientific research and so we've been going in, you know, like they gave me a computer but it's like I have a lab so I can only be home, like I can't do everything from home. And okay, so they sent an email every time, you know, there's a potential covid case in my workplace, which so far everyone's tested negative. I think we've had like six potential like had symptoms but no positives. And but I did get an email today that was like someone had symptoms who was in your direct work area and they were like, so I can't go until nine tomorrow because they're spraying everything down. Which was
SPEAKER_L: interesting,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I have to I have to email them my temperature every morning now because I was in a direct area like with them.
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy. Um So you said you work with a science sort of um sort of
SPEAKER_R: Type.
SPEAKER_L: flavor to what do you do? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um and I mean everything I do is computational but just a matter of like I can't access the resources from outside. So uh yes,
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I just I just work at I work at the university and um but it's just I mean it's just I run simulations all day, that's all I do.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Very cool. Um in a certain area, yes, they're going to say simulations that would not be like aerospace or.
SPEAKER_R: eric face. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: that was a very lucky guess, birthday.
SPEAKER_R: it is actually it is actually aerospace. I I I kind of just fell into aerospace. I like went into schools and mechanical engineer got my degree in engineering science and then um got picked up for our masters and my advisor was like actually you're going to switch to aerospace engineering and I was like okay, so that's what I did.
SPEAKER_L: Vehicle Sprinkle. Um uh So myself, um I work in video sort of media kind of world. So I'm supervisor of the video team for a company up in date and we work with automotive dealerships. Um So basically everything that goes on behind the scenes whenever you go to a dealership for, you know, keeping customer information to technology to compliance, you know, with
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: walls and stuff like that, we have a hand in just a little bit of everything, including like marketing and all that. So I'm part of the marketing team. So we do all the digital advertisements, um, Stuff like that, anything that's audio, video photography. And then we're also involved with live 80 events. So any time we do some kind of live presentation work at the heart of that.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds fun.
SPEAKER_L: So I actually started off whenever originally went to college, I went to University of Cincinnati. I started off as a double major for electrical and Computer engineering. Um, just sort of my, my first interest, I was, I was always interested in robotics, so I didn't have a strong grounding in any like coding or anything like that. I just wanted to kind of give it a shot. So I gave it a year. Um, I'm not smart enough to do that for sure. So, um, so I ended up looking around and then found video production and thought, you know, that's something else I I enjoy doing with my friends. Maybe I could actually do it as a as a job. So I ended up working out,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sounds
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: cool. We had we I think we had a similar team coming, they we had like a 75 year anniversary or something for our work. And they, it's funny because my friend was um get it about to get married and she's like, do you do weddings? Can I hide? And they're like, no, we only do corporate clients. And she was like, okay, can you give me the name of? So he does what people were like, we're just trying to shoot a commercial like we can't help you. Mm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: have a little photography business on the side. Um I used to do a lot more weddings ever since, so I have I have two kids, one's a 14 year old daughter and then my other daughters seven months old and ever since have kids, I have not really advertised very heavily on the wedding front, just because it takes up so much time and you have to figure out babysitting and all that kind of stuff, but but I've done that in the past, it's it's fun, it's interesting fun stories from this,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: that sounds like that could be real stressful. We didn't well, we, I had the most budget wedding. So we used, we were like everyone just take pictures and send them to me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we've been to one of those kind of go. Yeah, I mean you have, you know, clients that, you know are real prepared on top of it and you get with them and you ask them questions, they have all the answers and stuff like that. And I'm also shot other things where it's like they call me and they're like, we're getting married in two weeks, are you free? Just like uh sure, can you meet tomorrow so we can actually go over like what's actually happening? Yeah, but cool. Um how's your day going so far?
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. I'm been, I mean, I guess it's been pretty average. It's like I since this whole covid thing I started, so one of the things is they restrict the number of people that are allowed in like my computer lab at work. And so we started having the actual schedule like time. And we had this like based schedule built where I was like having to go in life from four PM to seven PM. And I was like a monthly thing that I forgot I'm an early morning person. And then as a side note, the buses are running on a very limited schedule and I commute to work by bus, it's only two miles. So I was like, well, I guess I'll just walk. But then I was like, I'm not walking home at 8:00 PM. So they allowed us to like basically drop and pick up shifts. And since no one wanted six AM, I was like, well, I'll just go in at six AM every day of the week, including
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: saturday,
SPEAKER_L: can't,
SPEAKER_R: so that I could have friday afternoons off. So what it's resulted in is I've had this schedule of going to bed at like 7:30 and getting up at four every day which was really frustrating. We went on vacation, we went to Poconos with my parents and we were only there for two days but we were like, well we're getting up at four guys, found out my parents don't get up till 11, so we were just like just like sitting around on the couch being quiet like on our phones like stuff now do because I went to sleep. But it's it's like it's fixed like that now like because my husband gets, gets up that early to go to the gym. So now both of us are up at four every day. And even on Sundays when you try and sleep in we can't well we broke ourselves where morning people now.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. I mean, I always thought like get much more done if I could get up in the morning. Like I, I envy people whenever I'm driving to work, already out jogging or getting something done that. It seems like that if you can do that, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's me now. It's like I walk to work, you know, at five in the morning and so like it's I see a lot of wild animals like I keep seeing qassams. Honestly, I don't even know possums were local, but apparently we have them and they are freaky looking. I had I got a stand off with one because he came out onto the sidewalk in front of me and he wouldn't move. I was like, like away and he's just like, he stood up in the sidewalk and I'm like, all right, I will cross the street. My bad honey, you can have it. I was like, I don't want to get in a fight with a possum at like 5:00 AM. I'm just trying to go to work.
SPEAKER_L: Right now to get started today um how has the pennsylvania and I guess specifically you say you're next to failure? That's where you grew
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: up around.
SPEAKER_R: I grew up next to Philly, but I'm like central, like dead center of the state now. So
SPEAKER_L: So go.
SPEAKER_R: it's um I'm in I'm in kind of in that region that a lot of people refer to as like pencil Tuckey further, like it's heavier.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard that. The race.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like, yeah, it's like, it's like you got Pittsburgh and you get Philly and then you have like country like so um so because of the university though, we we've had higher rates of covid than all the surrounding counties. Um but even then we're like, we went green, you know, a couple weeks ago, so like we've been sitting meanwhile, like, you know, my parents are still in Philly and I'm not even sure that yellow yet or like
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So yeah, you have actually uh color codings.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, maybe that's just our state, but we have this like red, yellow, green, which like determines what can and can't be opened. So like where we are now, It's like hair, you know, hair salons and all the restaurants and everything is open. Um
SPEAKER_L: Isn't
SPEAKER_R: I'm honestly not sure if mass are actually still required, but everyone still wearing like, I mean, I'm for it. I'm like, yeah, I was like whatever wear a mask and all the restaurants are like, please don't come in with that mask on. But like they're actually open. I went to a restaurant for the first time last week to like since this all started. And that was uh an experience who was like, I think they were like third capacity maybe like every, only every third table was open and all the others were like roped off. But I mean it was fine. Like all the, I don't know, my, my mom was complaining about the waitress because her mask was like slipping down and she would have to pull it up. My mom, she needs to get a better mask. We're all gonna get we're all going to get covid down. I'm like, you're not even wearing a mask because you're eating
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: money. So I was like, if we're going to get it, you're probably just going to get it from the plate, like I don't like the waitresses mass slipping below her nose is going to kill you. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we've
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: been really big about eating outside around here, which has been interesting because it wasn't until this that you're actually searching online for, like what places have patios, one places have outdoor seating and stuff like that. You know? Some places actually just like set it up. You know, we have a B. W. Three is it's not too far from us, They just set up a big tent out in the parking lot you know and just sort of have a serving system out there so um.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I would have been completely fine eating outside. They had picnic tables, but it's like my dad didn't want to. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: But I was like, I was like, I could I would be totally fine with like a picnic table just like all chilling out here. But I don't know. We've also been trying to like weird things like we don't really eat out at all. Me and my husband because like it's like a like a budget thing and like a health thing and so like when they started, you know, it's like support your local businesses by ordering food and I'm like I guess but I think we afforded that like three times and every time it's just like oh this is so much food and it's so expensive, they were just like for supporting them. Well just like give her money away, doesn't like that. But well the good news is we tried new place like we try to place we've never tried before and they have um it was like because when we were in Philly we went to a uh like just like a dumpling house, like a dim sum place and we were like we need dim sum and there is no dim sum place in our town. Um But we did find a place that does at least like specializes in like steamed buns and so we just like keep ordering like like the first time we got some steamed
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: buns
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: and actual meals and we were like men enough just the buns. So like we ordered again and we just got like a big case of like because it's like you know it's like you know barbecue pork and like red bean paste and all that stuff, so we're just like the buns, just the bucks. Yeah but. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we had a couple places like that around here, we have a thai place right down the street that I really enjoy, so as soon as like you know everyone was like support your local business, we've ordered from them like three or four times just because it's like oh I don't want to close. That would be terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I did do that about one place just because they're where I go with my friends for like lunch at work because it's like down the street and I was like oh I don't want them to close.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. It's like to go to like hey this is what I would, you know like if we have people over like hey you have got this really good type place you know that you can get some stuff from one of the few places you can get thai iced to me around here, which is
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's
SPEAKER_L: personal
SPEAKER_R: night.
SPEAKER_L: favorite. Um Yeah, we got we got that here and then we also have a very um large like mediterranean um sort of presents right in my area, there's a little um the mosque right down the way or whatever. So we just have all this like mediterranean middle Eastern stuff, it's just like collective right areas, so euros and chicken shawarma and all that kind of stuff
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: is about
SPEAKER_R: good. We have we have one entrepreneur in our town who came from, I want to say Lebanon, he immigrated from Lebanon and uh and he started with just like a like a pizza place which was cool because he ran the Pita Pit franchise out of town with like his like authentic pizza place. And then um he's just done so well that he's like I'm going to just keep opening like Middle Eastern fusion restaurants. So he's got so he's got the big one is he's got a taco place that like they stay open, you know like I said college down so it'll stay open to like three a.m. And they've got the side windows, you don't have to go into the store and like that'll like line around the block when the bars close. And then um and then he was like oh I'm gonna open a grilled cheese place and then the grilled cheese placed into two. Great so he's like all right, I'll just close it and I'll open a burger place. And he's got this one restaurant that he's like open and close like four times because you can't decide what he wants it
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: to be because
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: it was like a make your own salad place. And he was like and then I guess it didn't to do like two great. So I was like all right, I'll close it and he turned it into a pizza place. But they still had the salad you could get the salad but now they had a pizza oven and then he was like
SPEAKER_L: first.
SPEAKER_R: that's into too great. So now it's like a falafel place but like so it's like it's like okay you can get like sandwiches, you can get salads or you can get pizzas and then it's like a lawful like um you know lamb and like bob and all that stuff and it's just like, so like every time he just keeps all the equipment from the last one and add to it. So it's like, well
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: it's like you don't
SPEAKER_L: it works.
SPEAKER_R: want the pizza, don't worry, it's still there. It's just it's got it's too Now that's when he kept from the grilled cheeses was he was like, he merged it with his burger place because he he had a burger place on the other side of town close that opened another taco place. So now he's got one on both sides of the town, then close the grilled cheese place and put the burger place there, but then merged it with the grilled cheese place. So it also has cheesesteak, but it's just they're always doing like articles about him because he's just, it's just like, well he's opened another thing, the taco bell closed. So he put a third taco place there. So now there's one on each end of town and one in the middle. It's just why
SPEAKER_L: good on
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: him. That's no, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, I was like, it was like, if he can keep supporting all these like go for it, like I'll eat there
SPEAKER_L: We have
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: a really good grilled cheese place around us too. It's one of the places that was on shark tank like early on in its industry,
SPEAKER_R: I've heard a common sheet.
SPEAKER_L: tom and cheese, yep. So Cincinnati started off, we have a, it's called Fountain Square, that's like a little ice rink slash concert area downtown. And they started off in just a little tent there and then went on shark tank and then started to open up a restaurant. So um, very good. I'm a big fan of gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches. That's, that's the bomb. I can't do it right now. I'm on a diet for the next, you know, two months or so, my wife at the beginning of the year, coming onto this thing called healthy wage where you like make a bet on the system that I'm going to lose this much weight by this date and then you pay money into the system and then if you hit that goal, then you get paid back so much. Plus, you know, a percentage. So based on how much they think you're going to actually hit it. So I got two more months. I was a little bit lazy during covid just because other things on our mind, Right. You know, so
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: we're getting back onto it for, I think it's september 5th. They gotta hit my date, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I found out about that after I'd already lost most of my weight and I was just like, so I was like, I've got £5 to lose. It was like, well paid to lose weight. I was like, because like I lost In the last two years, me and my husband, we were like, we need to we need to fix like what we're doing with our lives. And I think he lost like 100 and 10 lb and I'm down 125.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's just one of those things are just like you can't do this anymore. Um
SPEAKER_L: So, what, so what was your, I mean, obviously everyone to say like, well, what's your secret? What did you do? What would you say were like some of the top things that kind of kept you through it?
SPEAKER_R: the so number one, well like there's two things that really go together and like I mean I use personally calorie counting, calorie count, I focus on my macros. Um But the two things that allowed me to continue doing it was one like one of our biggest problem was eating out like a lot and um just never like being having like food prepared and not really understanding what healthy food was. So one of the first things I did was I actually got a meal planning app that just like fed me recipes build a grocery list and I would do you know to recipes a week, four servings a recipe and I started doing meal prepping. So I started just you know like sunday like you know like we'll cook all our dinners and that way you know on Wednesday when I get home from work and I go let's just order a pizza, I'm tired, guess what dinner is already in the fridge, it's like you don't have an excuse.
SPEAKER_L: No excuses. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then and then um I mean there was like a pretty big hiccup in there because I lost like £40 and then it was like at the end of my masters I just kind of gave up And I regained 20 of those pounds over like the course of a year. So there was like an entire year where I was from dieting at all and then we got a pressure cooker, we got an instant pot which has made cooking significantly easier. So that's just something that I do like you know every like there is like meal prep sunday is like every sunday I go through, I make like two or three recipes and then like while I'm added, you know, just like, you know, all the stuff cooking, I'll make my lunch and my breakfast. So like every uh like sunday night our fridge is completely fold filled
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: and then every friday it's like completely after we go to the grocery store. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No respect for you for doing that. That's, we've talked about that. We haven't jumped the shark on that just yet, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that's in the conversation.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Some kind of meal prepping or getting doing more crockpot meals or something like that. We have an instant pot to actually random thought. I just saw, I didn't know they make these for instant pots, but yesterday I saw on online to have like an air fryer attachment that goes on top of the instant pot, which is super cool sounding
SPEAKER_R: I saw that after we already bought an Air, we bought ours at the same time because it was like a black fret, not like from the same person, but like it was black friday. So we bought an air fryer and an instant pot. And it was really funny because at first like my husband's like, I don't want to use, like I don't like, they both look like they're going to explode. So like I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: had to figure out how to use them, but then my husband realized that he could make like frozen french fries in the air prior and it became like the next big thing, a side note, if you ever do get an air fryer, you'll never, ever want to cook like a hot pocket in any other way. Like I'll buy like the lean pockets and I'll just air fry them and I'm like, it's like the best thing ever. So good. They still burn the crap out of the inside of your mouth. So I want those people,
SPEAKER_L: that's part
SPEAKER_R: usually,
SPEAKER_L: of the experience,
SPEAKER_R: I'm one of those
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: was a body
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: guards,
SPEAKER_R: have them in half and I like let them cool off a little bit. But um but it's the biggest thing is, I think one of the things is like when I, when we first started cooking and I was using like kind of meal planner apps, some of the recipes were more complicated, and even then, I was like, I don't even feel like cooking this, you know? And so we were like still running and issues, so like, it took me a while to like, build up a collection of easy recipes and like, you know, we'll do more complicated ones, like we'll do a date night and we'll be like, we're gonna make this fancy salmon, it's gonna take an hour to cook and all that stuff, and but we'll only like make two servings and we'll do that on a weekend, and then like our weekend meals are all stuff that are like, Take, you know, less than like 10 minutes of active time, it's like cut up the onion, pour the sauce on it, like throw it in, deal with it, do a lot of um like just throw an entire roast in there for an hour and then you get shredded meat with different seasonings and stuff like that. But.
SPEAKER_L: we like that. We like the pool, chicken, uh, instant pot, It's like some kind of chicken taco or something like that, or chicken dip.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever done a pot and pot meal where you like stack stuff on private?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have not, no.
SPEAKER_R: We have uh I have one where it's like, it's like you make the chicken, uh steamed carrots and mashed potatoes all at once. Well I mean like you have to mash potatoes afterwards but like we bought, I bought like on amazon, it's like, it's like, so it's like the tribute sling that you put on top of the chicken and then you put a steamer basket on top of that, and then you put another little like basket with like a cover basket on top of that, like a potatoes and that one. And then like actually what happens is some of the broth steam comes up and like ends up in the potatoes, you don't really even have to add anything else to like mash them. Will feel like a little cornstarch in there or something. But like um
SPEAKER_L: that sounds delicious. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: then you know the all the juices at the bottom, you throw you know you throw corn starch in there and stir it up and you've got the gravy so like you have a four part meal That cooks in like 10 minutes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds good. Yeah, I'll have to check it out. This is great. I didn't expect to come into this conversation, learn about Poconos and then about different ways to use the instapot, but um awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, I guess we had our 25 minutes, right? That's the, what were we supposed to be doing? So I know, I gotta get down and get to my own dinner here in a little bit. I guess there's some questions afterwards, but it's been very nice talking to you. This was not as
SPEAKER_R: to meet.
SPEAKER_L: a as awful as I thought it might be. So uh yeah, so you have a nice day.