crazy. Yeah, yeah, look at one. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Well, okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Shit. Oh people, Yeah. Okay. Mm Right, welcome. So I just read the instructions. Uh this is my first time.
This because I don't know, have you ever done one of these before?
one of them? Okay. Okay.
So
I was like just talk to 25 minutes like okay, this one guess
there's about to figure out. So um yeah, my name's Adam um
Melissa, Nice to meet you melissa. Um I'm from Ohio, how about yourself,
pennsylvania? Okay, so not too far away then. Midwest area, it's pennsylvania considered midwest
maybe
like
okay, okay, cool, cool. Um random, random fact that pennsylvania is, I guess you have something called scrapple over there, Have you ever heard of this? Okay.
Okay. I'm gonna say I'm from the Cincinnati area and we have get to, which is sort of our local like you take meat and put some kind of vote filler or something in it
and turn it into something. So, um,
I
think
it's in the same category.
skyline chili. Yes.
Hey.
there is something addictive about it does grow on you. I actually grew up an hour north of Cincinnati, so I was in Dayton, Dayton Ohio. Um, so I didn't actually try skyline until I was in high school. There was a, there was a restaurant there and always drove past. I didn't know what it was, you know, About three miles away. So um, finally tried it again and I, my wife is from Cincinnati. We ended up sort of moving down in between Dayton and Cincinnati because I work up to date and she works down in Cincinnati and, and yeah, so I eat a lot more skyline now and it does, it does grow on you. So, but whenever I have friends from out of town I take him there let them try it. Normally their first reaction is like it's a little weird but I could see
learning to like it. Yeah. But
you
know.
cheese with us. Right. Do you have a strong opinion on this? What?
What?
Jack.
Well I'll have to try with cheese with some time. I've only ever had the not real version
of a Philly cheesesteak sandwich.
What?
Actually it makes a little more normal. So
there's something about cheese out of a can that makes me a little
Uh huh. Yeah. We're actually um with all the stuff that's been going around with Covid and everything we've been looking at trying to find you know something nearby that we can maybe do like a little vacation rental or something like that, not be around people, but at least get out of the house, you know, a little bit with the family. So um pennsylvania was one potential option since it's within easy driving distance.
Rare.
This is
Which sounds actually kind of nice in a way. We have our our local amusement park opening up here in the next week or so, Kings Island and they're gonna be basically, you have to like schedule yourself to go in there because they're going to have a daily limit how many people can go into the park and you know, spaces between seats and stuff like that on the roller coaster for me. I'm like actually sounds kind of nice almost like it's kind of like and send them to go, you know?
Mhm. Yeah, like some of the places um I know just a couple of days ago I came up on my facebook feed, we have a little casino here in Cincinnati that actually just changed their branding. So they've been real happy and advertising the brandy, but they had the owner on talking about all the special things they were doing to keep it clean and it's like it seemed like the casino would actually be like the cleanest place you could go in Cincinnati because they have so much money, Right? I mean they have like people with these packs on that, they're like de ionized air packs or something, they're going around spraying everything down and they've hired, you know, 100 people to just sit around and wipe down every single machine and some, sometimes everyone gets up, so
interesting,
it's crazy. Um So you said you work with a science sort of um sort of
flavor to what do you do? Yeah.
Yes.
sure. Very cool. Um in a certain area, yes, they're going to say simulations that would not be like aerospace or.
that was a very lucky guess, birthday.
Vehicle Sprinkle. Um uh So myself, um I work in video sort of media kind of world. So I'm supervisor of the video team for a company up in date and we work with automotive dealerships. Um So basically everything that goes on behind the scenes whenever you go to a dealership for, you know, keeping customer information to technology to compliance, you know, with
walls and stuff like that, we have a hand in just a little bit of everything, including like marketing and all that. So I'm part of the marketing team. So we do all the digital advertisements, um, Stuff like that, anything that's audio, video photography. And then we're also involved with live 80 events. So any time we do some kind of live presentation work at the heart of that.
So I actually started off whenever originally went to college, I went to University of Cincinnati. I started off as a double major for electrical and Computer engineering. Um, just sort of my, my first interest, I was, I was always interested in robotics, so I didn't have a strong grounding in any like coding or anything like that. I just wanted to kind of give it a shot. So I gave it a year. Um, I'm not smart enough to do that for sure. So, um, so I ended up looking around and then found video production and thought, you know, that's something else I I enjoy doing with my friends. Maybe I could actually do it as a as a job. So I ended up working out,
man.
have a little photography business on the side. Um I used to do a lot more weddings ever since, so I have I have two kids, one's a 14 year old daughter and then my other daughters seven months old and ever since have kids, I have not really advertised very heavily on the wedding front, just because it takes up so much time and you have to figure out babysitting and all that kind of stuff, but but I've done that in the past, it's it's fun, it's interesting fun stories from this,
but
Yeah, we've been to one of those kind of go. Yeah, I mean you have, you know, clients that, you know are real prepared on top of it and you get with them and you ask them questions, they have all the answers and stuff like that. And I'm also shot other things where it's like they call me and they're like, we're getting married in two weeks, are you free? Just like uh sure, can you meet tomorrow so we can actually go over like what's actually happening? Yeah, but cool. Um how's your day going so far?
you
can't,
that's good. I mean, I always thought like get much more done if I could get up in the morning. Like I, I envy people whenever I'm driving to work, already out jogging or getting something done that. It seems like that if you can do that, that's awesome.
Right now to get started today um how has the pennsylvania and I guess specifically you say you're next to failure? That's where you grew
up around.
So go.
I've heard that. The race.
Okay. So yeah, you have actually uh color codings.
Isn't
All
we've
been really big about eating outside around here, which has been interesting because it wasn't until this that you're actually searching online for, like what places have patios, one places have outdoor seating and stuff like that. You know? Some places actually just like set it up. You know, we have a B. W. Three is it's not too far from us, They just set up a big tent out in the parking lot you know and just sort of have a serving system out there so um.
True.
go
on.
Yeah we had a couple places like that around here, we have a thai place right down the street that I really enjoy, so as soon as like you know everyone was like support your local business, we've ordered from them like three or four times just because it's like oh I don't want to close. That would be terrible.
Yeah exactly. It's like to go to like hey this is what I would, you know like if we have people over like hey you have got this really good type place you know that you can get some stuff from one of the few places you can get thai iced to me around here, which is
personal
favorite. Um Yeah, we got we got that here and then we also have a very um large like mediterranean um sort of presents right in my area, there's a little um the mosque right down the way or whatever. So we just have all this like mediterranean middle Eastern stuff, it's just like collective right areas, so euros and chicken shawarma and all that kind of stuff
is about
She
just
first.
Hey
it works.
good on
him. That's no, that's awesome.
We have
a really good grilled cheese place around us too. It's one of the places that was on shark tank like early on in its industry,
tom and cheese, yep. So Cincinnati started off, we have a, it's called Fountain Square, that's like a little ice rink slash concert area downtown. And they started off in just a little tent there and then went on shark tank and then started to open up a restaurant. So um, very good. I'm a big fan of gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches. That's, that's the bomb. I can't do it right now. I'm on a diet for the next, you know, two months or so, my wife at the beginning of the year, coming onto this thing called healthy wage where you like make a bet on the system that I'm going to lose this much weight by this date and then you pay money into the system and then if you hit that goal, then you get paid back so much. Plus, you know, a percentage. So based on how much they think you're going to actually hit it. So I got two more months. I was a little bit lazy during covid just because other things on our mind, Right. You know, so
we're getting back onto it for, I think it's september 5th. They gotta hit my date, so
Well, that's awesome.
That's awesome.
So, what, so what was your, I mean, obviously everyone to say like, well, what's your secret? What did you do? What would you say were like some of the top things that kind of kept you through it?
No excuses. Yeah.
That's awesome.
No respect for you for doing that. That's, we've talked about that. We haven't jumped the shark on that just yet, but yeah,
that's in the conversation.
Some kind of meal prepping or getting doing more crockpot meals or something like that. We have an instant pot to actually random thought. I just saw, I didn't know they make these for instant pots, but yesterday I saw on online to have like an air fryer attachment that goes on top of the instant pot, which is super cool sounding
All
that's part
of the experience,
there
was a body
guards,
we like that. We like the pool, chicken, uh, instant pot, It's like some kind of chicken taco or something like that, or chicken dip.
Yeah, I have not, no.
that sounds delicious. Yes,
That sounds good. Yeah, I'll have to check it out. This is great. I didn't expect to come into this conversation, learn about Poconos and then about different ways to use the instapot, but um awesome.
Very cool.
Um
so yeah, I guess we had our 25 minutes, right? That's the, what were we supposed to be doing? So I know, I gotta get down and get to my own dinner here in a little bit. I guess there's some questions afterwards, but it's been very nice talking to you. This was not as
a as awful as I thought it might be. So uh yeah, so you have a nice day.