I just
I've done one of them.
So
let's say yeah. Both times though it's it's you know, it says in the survey it's like we might give you promise. And both times I ever got any problem. I'm like, what do we do?
All
I'm melissa.
I'm from pennsylvania.
It's considered mid atlantic. So it's
the Northeast,
but then if you split the northeast into two parts you get mid atlantic and New England I think which mid atlantic? I think it's just pennsylvania new york.
I have had scott.
I know.
I
said
well
the only thing I know about Cincinnati is um what's the name of it? There's that place where it's like they just put like chili on spaghetti.
I've heard of Skyline chili and I heard her it was
like on a podcast and it was like to Cincinnati Cincinnati and Cincinnati Bates, we're gonna be talking about it. And they were like, they were like well it's awful, but we love it. So that was like,
With with you?
I grew up right outside silly area, so like my
whole
thing, it's like, it's like okay, it's like we got scrapple, we've got cheesesteaks and we've got people arguing over cheesesteaks and it's like,
growing up and this is probably because my dad has a very strong opinion on it. My dad was like, it's got to be with, it's not it's not cheesesteak, right? And it's like, and it's like you got to
have with, you gotta have onions on it. And then as I got older and I started making my own cheesesteaks, I was just like, I'm just gonna put american cheese on this, I don't really care. Although I will say the meat, the way the meats cut up is really important because some places do like the really finally like shredded like beef. And some places do these like thick slices of beef and I don't like the thick slices of beef because it doesn't like because you buy into it and then you like pull out the whole piece of like meat comes with it, you know what I mean? It's
like like a grilled cheese, like a ham and cheese, like grilled sandwich. And when like the hand just slides out of it, you're just like, well this is disappointing. So.
All
It's even weirder if like if you're
thinking of like cheese whiz like in the grocery store like in the can cheese with its a bucket and a little so
So
No they don't they don't they actually don't. Well it's probably out of a very large can't like you know like there's industrial size like cans of tomatoes they use in restaurants. It's probably one of those full of cheese. But they do the thing where it's like they put the meat and the cheese both on the grill, like mix it all up and then you put the sandwich on top of it and then flip it. That's how they that's how they prepare a real cheesesteak, wow.
Oh yeah, I would throw out Poconos as an option if you're like thinking of that. Just because a lot of areas up there like you know you can get a cabin rental or like a bed and breakfast rental or something like that. You know, it's in the mountains but we were there last week and we did we went to the outlet mall on the first day, it was open career, like why not? I was like get some discount shoes and we could get some
discount shoes. That was really weird because all the stores had like,
Like literally like 5-10 people limits, so
I like I like this. Yeah, I heard Disney's doing that. I don't know exactly how they're doing the scheduling, but I was like, we should add a like just throwing stuff out. I was talking about maybe doing a day in Disney because we're going to be in Orlando and like september my husband just like uh if we can even schedule it because they're doing yeah, sign up stuff.
Alright. This sounds sounds sounds good for a job creation too. Uh huh. Yeah, we've uh yeah actually they're doing that to my one of my work areas tomorrow because we've gone I'm in the central employee because we just do like scientific research and so we've been going in, you know, like they gave me a computer but it's like I have a lab so I can only be home, like I can't do everything from home. And okay, so they sent an email every time, you know, there's a potential covid case in my workplace, which so far everyone's tested negative. I think we've had like six potential like had symptoms but no positives. And but I did get an email today that was like someone had symptoms who was in your direct work area and they were like, so I can't go until nine tomorrow because they're spraying everything down. Which was
yeah, so I have to I have to email them my temperature every morning now because I was in a direct area like with them.
Type.
Um and I mean everything I do is computational but just a matter of like I can't access the resources from outside. So uh yes,
I just I just work at I work at the university and um but it's just I mean it's just I run simulations all day, that's all I do.
eric face. Yeah. So
it is actually it is actually aerospace. I I I kind of just fell into aerospace. I like went into schools and mechanical engineer got my degree in engineering science and then um got picked up for our masters and my advisor was like actually you're going to switch to aerospace engineering and I was like okay, so that's what I did.
What?
That sounds fun.
Yeah, that sounds
cool. We had we I think we had a similar team coming, they we had like a 75 year anniversary or something for our work. And they, it's funny because my friend was um get it about to get married and she's like, do you do weddings? Can I hide? And they're like, no, we only do corporate clients. And she was like, okay, can you give me the name of? So he does what people were like, we're just trying to shoot a commercial like we can't help you. Mm. Uh huh.
So
that sounds like that could be real stressful. We didn't well, we, I had the most budget wedding. So we used, we were like everyone just take pictures and send them to me.
Mm hmm. I'm been, I mean, I guess it's been pretty average. It's like I since this whole covid thing I started, so one of the things is they restrict the number of people that are allowed in like my computer lab at work. And so we started having the actual schedule like time. And we had this like based schedule built where I was like having to go in life from four PM to seven PM. And I was like a monthly thing that I forgot I'm an early morning person. And then as a side note, the buses are running on a very limited schedule and I commute to work by bus, it's only two miles. So I was like, well, I guess I'll just walk. But then I was like, I'm not walking home at 8:00 PM. So they allowed us to like basically drop and pick up shifts. And since no one wanted six AM, I was like, well, I'll just go in at six AM every day of the week, including
saturday,
so that I could have friday afternoons off. So what it's resulted in is I've had this schedule of going to bed at like 7:30 and getting up at four every day which was really frustrating. We went on vacation, we went to Poconos with my parents and we were only there for two days but we were like, well we're getting up at four guys, found out my parents don't get up till 11, so we were just like just like sitting around on the couch being quiet like on our phones like stuff now do because I went to sleep. But it's it's like it's fixed like that now like because my husband gets, gets up that early to go to the gym. So now both of us are up at four every day. And even on Sundays when you try and sleep in we can't well we broke ourselves where morning people now.
Yeah, that's me now. It's like I walk to work, you know, at five in the morning and so like it's I see a lot of wild animals like I keep seeing qassams. Honestly, I don't even know possums were local, but apparently we have them and they are freaky looking. I had I got a stand off with one because he came out onto the sidewalk in front of me and he wouldn't move. I was like, like away and he's just like, he stood up in the sidewalk and I'm like, all right, I will cross the street. My bad honey, you can have it. I was like, I don't want to get in a fight with a possum at like 5:00 AM. I'm just trying to go to work.
No,
I grew up next to Philly, but I'm like central, like dead center of the state now. So
it's um I'm in I'm in kind of in that region that a lot of people refer to as like pencil Tuckey further, like it's heavier.
So it's like, yeah, it's like, it's like you got Pittsburgh and you get Philly and then you have like country like so um so because of the university though, we we've had higher rates of covid than all the surrounding counties. Um but even then we're like, we went green, you know, a couple weeks ago, so like we've been sitting meanwhile, like, you know, my parents are still in Philly and I'm not even sure that yellow yet or like
Oh yeah, maybe that's just our state, but we have this like red, yellow, green, which like determines what can and can't be opened. So like where we are now, It's like hair, you know, hair salons and all the restaurants and everything is open. Um
I'm honestly not sure if mass are actually still required, but everyone still wearing like, I mean, I'm for it. I'm like, yeah, I was like whatever wear a mask and all the restaurants are like, please don't come in with that mask on. But like they're actually open. I went to a restaurant for the first time last week to like since this all started. And that was uh an experience who was like, I think they were like third capacity maybe like every, only every third table was open and all the others were like roped off. But I mean it was fine. Like all the, I don't know, my, my mom was complaining about the waitress because her mask was like slipping down and she would have to pull it up. My mom, she needs to get a better mask. We're all gonna get we're all going to get covid down. I'm like, you're not even wearing a mask because you're eating
money. So I was like, if we're going to get it, you're probably just going to get it from the plate, like I don't like the waitresses mass slipping below her nose is going to kill you. But yeah,
I know.
Oh, I would have been completely fine eating outside. They had picnic tables, but it's like my dad didn't want to. Uh huh.
But I was like, I was like, I could I would be totally fine with like a picnic table just like all chilling out here. But I don't know. We've also been trying to like weird things like we don't really eat out at all. Me and my husband because like it's like a like a budget thing and like a health thing and so like when they started, you know, it's like support your local businesses by ordering food and I'm like I guess but I think we afforded that like three times and every time it's just like oh this is so much food and it's so expensive, they were just like for supporting them. Well just like give her money away, doesn't like that. But well the good news is we tried new place like we try to place we've never tried before and they have um it was like because when we were in Philly we went to a uh like just like a dumpling house, like a dim sum place and we were like we need dim sum and there is no dim sum place in our town. Um But we did find a place that does at least like specializes in like steamed buns and so we just like keep ordering like like the first time we got some steamed
buns
and actual meals and we were like men enough just the buns. So like we ordered again and we just got like a big case of like because it's like you know it's like you know barbecue pork and like red bean paste and all that stuff, so we're just like the buns, just the bucks. Yeah but. Mhm.
Yeah, I I did do that about one place just because they're where I go with my friends for like lunch at work because it's like down the street and I was like oh I don't want them to close.
wow, that's
night.
That's
good. We have we have one entrepreneur in our town who came from, I want to say Lebanon, he immigrated from Lebanon and uh and he started with just like a like a pizza place which was cool because he ran the Pita Pit franchise out of town with like his like authentic pizza place. And then um he's just done so well that he's like I'm going to just keep opening like Middle Eastern fusion restaurants. So he's got so he's got the big one is he's got a taco place that like they stay open, you know like I said college down so it'll stay open to like three a.m. And they've got the side windows, you don't have to go into the store and like that'll like line around the block when the bars close. And then um and then he was like oh I'm gonna open a grilled cheese place and then the grilled cheese placed into two. Great so he's like all right, I'll just close it and I'll open a burger place. And he's got this one restaurant that he's like open and close like four times because you can't decide what he wants it
to be because
it was like a make your own salad place. And he was like and then I guess it didn't to do like two great. So I was like all right, I'll close it and he turned it into a pizza place. But they still had the salad you could get the salad but now they had a pizza oven and then he was like
that's into too great. So now it's like a falafel place but like so it's like it's like okay you can get like sandwiches, you can get salads or you can get pizzas and then it's like a lawful like um you know lamb and like bob and all that stuff and it's just like, so like every time he just keeps all the equipment from the last one and add to it. So it's like, well
it's like you don't
want the pizza, don't worry, it's still there. It's just it's got it's too Now that's when he kept from the grilled cheeses was he was like, he merged it with his burger place because he he had a burger place on the other side of town close that opened another taco place. So now he's got one on both sides of the town, then close the grilled cheese place and put the burger place there, but then merged it with the grilled cheese place. So it also has cheesesteak, but it's just they're always doing like articles about him because he's just, it's just like, well he's opened another thing, the taco bell closed. So he put a third taco place there. So now there's one on each end of town and one in the middle. It's just why
not?
I was like, I was like, it was like, if he can keep supporting all these like go for it, like I'll eat there
well.
I've heard a common sheet.
I mean,
Yeah, I found out about that after I'd already lost most of my weight and I was just like, so I was like, I've got £5 to lose. It was like, well paid to lose weight. I was like, because like I lost In the last two years, me and my husband, we were like, we need to we need to fix like what we're doing with our lives. And I think he lost like 100 and 10 lb and I'm down 125.
So it's like
yeah it's just one of those things are just like you can't do this anymore. Um
the so number one, well like there's two things that really go together and like I mean I use personally calorie counting, calorie count, I focus on my macros. Um But the two things that allowed me to continue doing it was one like one of our biggest problem was eating out like a lot and um just never like being having like food prepared and not really understanding what healthy food was. So one of the first things I did was I actually got a meal planning app that just like fed me recipes build a grocery list and I would do you know to recipes a week, four servings a recipe and I started doing meal prepping. So I started just you know like sunday like you know like we'll cook all our dinners and that way you know on Wednesday when I get home from work and I go let's just order a pizza, I'm tired, guess what dinner is already in the fridge, it's like you don't have an excuse.
Yeah and then and then um I mean there was like a pretty big hiccup in there because I lost like £40 and then it was like at the end of my masters I just kind of gave up And I regained 20 of those pounds over like the course of a year. So there was like an entire year where I was from dieting at all and then we got a pressure cooker, we got an instant pot which has made cooking significantly easier. So that's just something that I do like you know every like there is like meal prep sunday is like every sunday I go through, I make like two or three recipes and then like while I'm added, you know, just like, you know, all the stuff cooking, I'll make my lunch and my breakfast. So like every uh like sunday night our fridge is completely fold filled
and then every friday it's like completely after we go to the grocery store. Yeah,
it's
it's
I saw that after we already bought an Air, we bought ours at the same time because it was like a black fret, not like from the same person, but like it was black friday. So we bought an air fryer and an instant pot. And it was really funny because at first like my husband's like, I don't want to use, like I don't like, they both look like they're going to explode. So like I
had to figure out how to use them, but then my husband realized that he could make like frozen french fries in the air prior and it became like the next big thing, a side note, if you ever do get an air fryer, you'll never, ever want to cook like a hot pocket in any other way. Like I'll buy like the lean pockets and I'll just air fry them and I'm like, it's like the best thing ever. So good. They still burn the crap out of the inside of your mouth. So I want those people,
usually,
I'm one of those
people
who
have them in half and I like let them cool off a little bit. But um but it's the biggest thing is, I think one of the things is like when I, when we first started cooking and I was using like kind of meal planner apps, some of the recipes were more complicated, and even then, I was like, I don't even feel like cooking this, you know? And so we were like still running and issues, so like, it took me a while to like, build up a collection of easy recipes and like, you know, we'll do more complicated ones, like we'll do a date night and we'll be like, we're gonna make this fancy salmon, it's gonna take an hour to cook and all that stuff, and but we'll only like make two servings and we'll do that on a weekend, and then like our weekend meals are all stuff that are like, Take, you know, less than like 10 minutes of active time, it's like cut up the onion, pour the sauce on it, like throw it in, deal with it, do a lot of um like just throw an entire roast in there for an hour and then you get shredded meat with different seasonings and stuff like that. But.
Have you ever done a pot and pot meal where you like stack stuff on private?
We have uh I have one where it's like, it's like you make the chicken, uh steamed carrots and mashed potatoes all at once. Well I mean like you have to mash potatoes afterwards but like we bought, I bought like on amazon, it's like, it's like, so it's like the tribute sling that you put on top of the chicken and then you put a steamer basket on top of that, and then you put another little like basket with like a cover basket on top of that, like a potatoes and that one. And then like actually what happens is some of the broth steam comes up and like ends up in the potatoes, you don't really even have to add anything else to like mash them. Will feel like a little cornstarch in there or something. But like um
then you know the all the juices at the bottom, you throw you know you throw corn starch in there and stir it up and you've got the gravy so like you have a four part meal That cooks in like 10 minutes. Mhm.
Okay.
yeah.
Right.
to meet.