Mhm. No. Okay. I don't know. Instead. Mhm. Oh thank you. Mhm. Thank you mm. Come on. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right your course. Yeah I love no problem. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh talking about trump. Yeah. Yeah he's been in this business yeah. Oh. Oh no no. Oh more money. Okay. Oh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. But you can't help. Okay. Uh huh thomas I know what you're thinking. Yeah I don't want to talk shit actually. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah so yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
I'm Sarah what's your name?
I'm fine. How are you?
I've actually I've never I tried to do this yesterday but the person didn't didn't show up so I'm glad that you uh you showed up today.
you were up early. He said like how early?
Well that's not early for me because I have to get up and go to work. Um But I'm going to set a timer that way. Oh
good thing. Um Yeah
I guess I don't know uh What all to talk about. I know we have to talk for 25 minutes. Well
me,
how old am I? I I actually I'll be 23 next week.
Thank you. How do you?
Okay. Okay. Are you in high school? Are you going to college?
Okay. What are you studying you know yet?
What? That's really interesting. I have a lot of friends
that did political science. I graduated in the spring. Um
but I had a lot of friends that did political science or like international studies kind of that kind of degree and I want to go on to like law school and stuff. Is that like something you're thinking about or?
Okay, that's great.
I think
that's
awesome. I think like I just, well I just graduated in the spring. My degree is um in neuroscience, so and like I'm starting on my Masters in the sprint in this coming spring, but right now
I'm working
at like a crisis line. We'll call the suicide hotline. I like um pick
up obviously and you know, talk
talk with him. So that's what I do. That's what I'm doing. And
no, it's work, it's
because it's like, it's affiliated with a really big mental hospital, mental health hospital where I live. So like I don't just, I don't just answer for the suicide outline all that's like my main thing. Like I also, um, and
so for like the gamblers added kat line, I um, schedule appointments for people that want to see a therapist. Um So
it's that sort of thing, but it is, you know, it is paid, which is nice.
Well, it's helpful for my, you know, my degree when I get my Masters and the hours are perfect because it's like mostly the weekend, so that's really all I uh we really need because then I can go to school during the day, during the weekday,
so
framework.
Yeah. Yeah, it's super, it's super flexible um because I really don't have to work one day a week In
the weekday and then the weekend I don't work today, but usually I'll work like 7-7 on Saturday Sunday. So
Are you working or are you just going to school?
I know when I was like applying to jobs, that was something I was thinking about
is like, is it worth it getting a job where you don't
know if you're gonna be safe or
even like
that the people that you work for care about your safety a
lot is what was one of my issues like I um
I applied to work for like a
day care, but when I went there, literally no, no one was wearing a mask, none of the workers wearing mask. And they had like 70 little kids at this daycare. It's like, yeah, that's you know, no matter what your opinion is, like, you think like you're working around
little kids who have parents that also work, like, imagine all the germs, just regular terms, just a regular nasty kid germs. I mean, kids can mean I worked, I've worked at many day
cares. Kids are nasty.
Like, I would not touch anything little kids touch like they're
nasty
slobber. They wipe literally, kids would like grab my shirt and what their nose on my shirt and like, you're nasty. I'm done with you, I'll talk to you later. Mhm
Right, it's okay. And you don't get paid enough to get slobbered on, like,
you just don't. Uh
Like I've been slobbered on, I've been started on, I've been peed on many times, so That's just like what you got to expect.
So
it's like I would be wearing a mask if I could have you wearing gloves, I'd be having I wouldn't touch the kids with a 10-foot pole. Um Maybe that's just like my lack of a mothering instinct. I don't
know.
But I'm not dealing with other kids, other people's kids. Germs, that's that's just here and done that
on.
What do you say?
anything,
They bring with them any other nastiness. I can't dirty. I like kids are just sometimes they're just too dirty. I don't want
to be with them.
I do. I am. I actually, I'm getting my masters in the sprint. I'm starting my masters in the spring for clinical oncology. And what I want to do with that is I do eventually want to get my a doctorate and I want to be called a neuropsychologist. So it's I don't know if you've ever heard you probably haven't. It's like someone that if you've got a stroke, if you had alzheimer's if you had dementia I would like
assess like your brain scans,
look at you know to do testing with you to determine like
if you had a stroke determine where the stroke was. Um It can also
um I would if I wanted to work with just kids I could
work with kids with A. D. H. D. Or dyslexia. Um That sort of thing to determine where their weaknesses are and like plans to help them cope. So I think that's that's what I want to do with um it'll be a long time to get there. But that's
what I wanted.
No, and I well I've always wanted to do psychology, I've always learned more about psychology and I wanted to be a psychiatrist, but then I realized psychiatrists really don't help people a lot, but they do help, they, you know, they can give medicine, that's really all they do is give medicine and you might see one patient, you know, you might see 30 patients in a day, but you really only talk to them for like five minutes and you just make sure that their meds are like working which have their medication has their place. But I don't think it's like the end all be all. So that's why I was like, you know, that's just not for me. And plus I was like, I'm terrible at chemistry and you have to take more chemistry to um to go to med school. And I was like, I don't want to do that. I got to see in chemistry. I probably can't do another chemistry class and get another seat.
So
And like I, my professors even were super helpful and I tried to help me and they like did everything he could and I just, I felt that I had more important things. I had my neuroscience
classes that were way more important. I don't really care about this chemistry. And so then I was like, oh wait, I should care about this chemistry because I got to see on all these tests. But okay,
I graduated. I'm 60°.. That's all I have to say
to you, seize get um
Yes, yes, you can, you can shoot, but it's
not the
end of the world. If you get one scene. Uh, that's what I told
myself.
And
what
you
did
you get it?
Like what
class did you get to see in like?
See I I've always been good at science. I've been like I've always been in like higher math classes, but I wasn't good at it. Like I don't know how I continuously I was like in those like classes, but I was like the bottom like getting like the bottom grain and all those classes. I was like maybe if I would have been in the one below I could have gotten I would have gotten all
good all good grades, but I didn't. Um Yeah, what
about
you? Is is a law in like political science what you've always wanted to do or?
I guess
like I guess you're right. I
probably do no mention it.
well
you
know you're you're just a freshman. There's a lot you could, maybe it's like the introductory classes like like with chemistry chemistry is usually like um the week like uh you know what I mean? But I want to say like weed out like the weeding out class for med school, like organic chemistry. So like if you are good at chemistry you'll
just won't do it. So then that has like a particular type of people that go to med school but maybe you know maybe in the past this semester
and you'll like it. I mean you have three more years and another semester this year but um is this like a specific type flow you want to do or
are you I mean you're only you know, you don't
have to decide.
No.
Well.
Glad to be good to like to bring out. I know one of the things that really stuck with me from my, my professors, a
lot of my professors, like psychology and neuroscience was not their first was not their first, you know, toys, they like, I had a couple that were like one professor that was an engineer,
one professor
that dropped out of undergrad and another professor that worked with horses and they like psychology. They didn't end up there because, you know, they chose it, but they Didn't get there when they were 25. No, they they did other things first and I think that's something that sort of, you know, stuck with me. It's like there doesn't have to be, it can be, you know, you know, political science can be like something to get you somewhere else to something that you really like. And I think if it helps you right now then you should go for it, but it doesn't have to be like your end your end
gold.
Okay.
Yeah. My my best friend, she actually does pottery. Um
They have like a kiln in her house and everything and she she took one pottery class at our college and now she
makes
like balls. She makes she made me a mug like a little um I really like animal crossing, I don't know if you're late and she made me like a little animal crossing mug. Like she did it as a for her class and then I got to keep my birthday. So um it was super nice. Um But yeah, I think I'm terrible at pottery but if that's what you like then
anyway.
Yeah. Yeah it's definitely like I thought it was a little harder than I thought it was gonna be. I did it in high school and I was like I thought this was supposed to be easy and then I was like I have no artistic like I can't use my hands to make, I thought I was like I would get on the wheel, I just can't make it on the wheel. You don't get to start on the wheel, you
have to form it. No you have to form stuff firsthand form. That's
I
I made like the first thing we made was a plaque slab. And then like we edge things in it and then I made like you make like a pot but the way you make it is you like roll like like almost like breadstick looking things and then like thin and then you um uh put those all together and then we met I made a turtle go to the turtle and it was the ugliest turtle ever. And I gave it to my grandma and she does not have it at her house anymore. I think she threw it away because I sat outside next to her other turtle statue and I think she threw it away. So that just goes to show you how good I how bad I am. What's that? But I mean you might be really good at it. I don't know. I think that you never you never really know until you get in there every minute or not. So I say more power to you. You might as well when everything's no, if they have a class at your school, I would definitely take it whenever you're able to take it. Um Yeah,
because I think it could be fun if you are if you're good um and you go in thinking like you're gonna
have to you know, work addict.
I
think it would be fun. I definitely think it would be fun if you're good but I'm not I like my thing that I do is um like I do a lot of croquet. Are you learning? I actually was doing something before you called sneaking us. I'm starting on a scarf for my friend. Um this
is taking me like seven hours to do this is like but it's like really like it's like a certain kind of design, but that's what I do and then I do a lot of um embroidery my poops. Um That's good but it hurts my wrist because it's like you gotta push
the wheel in and then you get like calluses on your fingers so that's that's why I stick to that.
that's great. I think Russia is so easy like once you know what you're doing it can be easy,
that's
very fine.
Okay. Yeah, I know what you're talking about services.
I've
never
made
one of those, I need to look in how to make those um because they're cute
and I have tons of like leftover yarn, I usually like a scarf because it's like straight and you really don't have to think about like Adding and subtracting um stitches, which
I don't really you know I just like to do it while I'm like watching a 90 day fiance or something like that, you know what I mean? Um but
No
it really is. I've made in the span of likes, um six weeks. I've already made like six different scarves because I'm like trying to knock out my christmas president. I'm like, I can make a scarf really quickly. It I like I have nothing else to do and I'm like just watching tv and I want to get it done because I usually get burnt out and I want to finish them before I get burnt out, you know what I mean? So we, we shall see if I get done this is for my, for my best friend and we'll see. I got this from hobby lobby yesterday and I've already, this is, I mean, forgetting, starting yesterday, I'm happy with it.
Yeah, it has
been,
would you say
thank you, thank you. I tried, I'm trying my best uh because I usually just go like I usually don't do any sort of pattern. I, you just go, but I'm trying, I'm trying to work a little harder
so I don't have to buy so much. They are all the time.
Oh, crap ignorance. Okay.
And
Yeah.
I've never heard of crochet shorts, but you can, I bet you can do it.
I've seen like, like sweaters. I saw a sweater. Um yesterday I like, I watched so much Tiktok. I don't know if you, I'm like, I'm, I'll be 23 years old. Why am I spending eight hours on Tiktok every day?
Thank
you because I'm literally falling all the time. I'm like, what am I doing in my life? But I saw they made a sweater pattern. It was so cute where they just made like little squares and then they attached all the squares, squares together.
So cute. And if I had the motivation to do it, once I'm done with all my scars, I have like five more scarves I have to make, but once I'm done with those, maybe I'll have the motivation to do is whatever. I don't know. We'll see.
I saw something about this on ticket, but I don't understand what it is because I was literally
last night I was looking through the croce sweater tag on looking because I found I wanted to find a certain Tiktok of
how to make a certain croce sweater. I couldn't find it, but I saw something about Harry styles and like,
I was
a little too old to like one direction. Well, I guess I really wasn't, but I didn't like one Direction that I do like harry styles music now. What does, what does this sweater, harry styles sweater thing?
You look it
up.
what?
I was like, what the heck? Maybe he just wears a lot of sweaters. I don't know. This escapes me, but this one is ugly.
It's very ugly. I wouldn't, I wouldn't wear that. I mean, you like harry styles then. I mean
there are people that are making the, like the harry harry potter, like weaselly sweatshirts, you know, I'm talking
about,
you haven't seen it yet?
You haven't seen harry
potter yet?
Well there are people I got on the side Tiktok that's like obsessed with harry potter because yeah, I was when I was, but Tiktok has found me. They've got my number and people are like crouching like um in the movie, there's just like mom figured that make sweaters for people, like for all her kids, they all have sweaters that have like their initials on it. And so the people are making sweaters like that. So like,
then,
yes, it is cute and they are like, they look if that's what you want, if you want to be like crazy like that, then go ahead. But um yeah, I just I don't want people to know that I'm like weird and I don't know. Like
I know, I think, I think I was like, I was never allowed to watch her potter growing up. It was not allowed to read harry potter. So like, I don't want to like come out and like, she's like,
look
at me, I'm wearing
harry potter sweatshirt, like I'm also like 23 like, I shouldn't be wearing harry potter switch. I mean, maybe that's
just my
I know. Maybe I want to pretend like
I'm more adult than I maybe. I don't know. I can't really show up to work. Well, I could probably show up to work with a big hairy butter sweater on, but
I know, I know. Yeah. But. Right. Yeah, maybe I might
make one. I want to make a sweater. Um Maybe a harry potter sweater is not my first choice, but I definitely want to make us wonder it's on my list. I saw I took pictures of um yarn it hobby lobby yesterday, so
we'll we'll see what I decide. Um
no. Yeah or at least like go with a lot of stuff, but then also I wanted to be unique, but if it's if it's not then I'll just, I don't know, I don't want to spend a ton of money on it, so like uh oh, the timer um I finish this and then we can get off, but like I don't, hobby lobby has like, do you have a hobby lobby near you? No hobby lobby is.
well
if there's a hobby lobby, They have like a 40% off coupon, you can use like anything and so I always just go and like I bring like my mom or my grandma and we like each getting like I get to things and then We just go through the, it's just like you can say 40%, so that's what I do, so I go every other day to get New York on Um and I get the 40% off and they know exactly who I am because I cheat the system but it's okay, it's hobby lobby.
I know, I know,
well it was very nice to meet you and talk with you. Um I think did your timer go off because mine did. Okay, well it was really nice to meet you. Um
Yeah you're you seem you seem really nice and like you got a good head on your shoulders and with you all the best in your in your school, in college and law school or whatever else you decide.
Well
thanks. Bye.