Hi,
I'm Melanie. How are you?
I am very good.
Same here. Nobody showed up yesterday and I was up early.
I love him. But you know.
I already then we're good.
Mhm
How
old are you
awesome. Happy early birthday.
I am 18.
I'm currently in college.
Yeah, I'm right now. I'm doing political science. Um I'm not sure if it's gonna stay that way, but
Well,
Also
I want to become a lawyer right now. So
her
fingers
crossed.
answer
world.
Mhm.
Indeed.
you volunteers at work? Work
out? Oh.
No.
Mhm.
I would.
Yeah. That's awesome.
At
least it's vegetable. Huh?
All
Okay. That's cool.
Um, I'm not working right now. I want to, I really do, but I'm not sure if it's gonna happen. Right, mm hmm.
So I believe
that
make
me,
baby
No,
feel,
Remember.
Only
they
did
they offer you?
I'm so sorry.
No.
definitely not.
Look
at that.
I
don't blame you.
then they
bring with them
and anything they bring with them that is
important. Mhm.
for
So, do you know what you want to do in the future? Mhm
And
Well,
Well,
If
well,
it'll
be worth it. Right. Have you always wanted to do that? Oh,
I,
I completely understand that is the entire reason I decided to not be a marine biologist. Yeah.
No.
yeah,
I'm
shooting for at least bees, you know,
60
years.
people,
I learned that in my last, no, not my last year, my second year of high school actually, I had never had never gotten to see in my life and then I was crushed, I was dying, I was so upset with myself, but you
know,
I got
more
in
certain
time,
chemistry mast um more science, it was a computer science class as well, lot of science stuff, I'm not a very science person um so we just didn't go very well, but
Well,
you
know,
um so since I was little obviously we know we always have like those first job. So I started with wanting to be a veterinarian. Um and then I realized I would have to put animals down and I understand that wasn't the job for me because I love animals too much for that. Um And then I decided, but I was between two between a marine biologist and lawyer. And then I had that I had those two up until like my second year of high school when my when I bombed chemistry and my teacher was like, oh you know, you need chemistry to be marine biologist. Like a lot of it and I was like there that there goes that you know,
not doing that anymore.
So,
so I've been sticking with lawyer. I guess this process elimination. Um and I do want to become a lawyer to help people. Um but if that doesn't work out because I'm not really liking political campaigns right now. Um So
first come
stores.
No.
Won't,
I
still
don't really know. I really don't know what path I want to take to get to be a lawyer right now. I'm
considering also doing something in english just because I also like english.
Um but I'm trying to figure that out because I also just need a bunch of credits because political science doesn't give the amount you need to graduate, but I'm probably gonna need to take some miners. No,
Board.
She
more.
Yeah, that's
why I'm considering because one of my backup like jobs or like future positions is like a publisher with books and stuff because I love to read. Um
so that's always been a backup for me, so if I can start branching out into that, I would actually be pretty excited or anything like something easy and art because I'm not very artistic, like good at stuff, but I like being creative. Um but I'm really hopeful that I'll be able to do something, it's like pottery resembling
Mhm.
Thank
you.
I mean I've never done it before, but
like the ideal exciting.
Yo
or what
it was, Yeah. Oh,
Yeah.
You
I mean, I'd assume so. I've never done anything like it, so I just thought it would be fun,
but
Mhm.
You know,
Yeah. Um I recently started to crochet a I haven't had much time to do it lately just because wool and stuff. Um But I started because I was really, I don't exactly remember how it started, but I really wanted to do it. So I went to Michael's and with my boyfriend and we just, I went crazy.
I kind of just follow patterns.
I mean
I've made um I don't know how to pronounce it. I mean green, like a little like tiny animals that you make, that you stuff.
I've made a bunch of those, I spent seven hours on this tiny little octopus, the smallest, it's like this big And I spent like seven hours on it. It was my head hurt, my fingers hurt but I was so proud of myself. It didn't even have eight tentacles the first time, but
it was it
was
fine.
What?
What?
you definitely have to pay attention to it because there are like certain things you have to do,
but its so rewarding at the end.
I mean, yeah, it already looks like a bunch of work,
it's
a lot different.
So I applaud you for that.
Wait,
I know I haven't, I have so much yarn that I just have yet to use because oh I remember what it was. I wanted to make a pair of shorts. Yeah.
Um so I went with the intention of like buying like a specific color yard for the shorts and
then I just saw the ones and I was like, oh I kind of want these two, but I wanted to make a pair of shorts and I still haven't had the motivation to start making right.
Is it such a process?
There's a bunch of like crochet clothing?
I don't find you definitely not
to do.
No.
Um Do you like harry styles? No?
me?
Marriage.
Excuse
me.
So there was like a sweater that harry styles war and it was like a bunch of different patches. I'm not a very big harry styles fan myself, but just because
of people
started making his jacket and it's funny because they crow, she ate it. But it was actually originally knitted. Um and the person who actually
made the letter ended up releasing like the pattern or people to recreate it because they were really excited about it. They were happy that people were like seeing it and they liked it. So people because they loved harry styles, they just started making his jacket.
I don't like it either.
hello.
No
I haven't seen that yet
later
on.
Oh no I haven't watched all the harry potter movies ever. I just meant like what you're talking about.
that's
you.
I mean it's so weird.
It
is
weak.
I mean
there are people your age that are definitely still wearing them.
Evening.
I mean I doubt more people will spend more than like two minutes thinking about it.
All
Every
I feel like if I wanted to make us twitter would have to be something I'd wear every day if I wanted.
I've never been we probably I probably have one like teeth close.
I know what it is.
they're giving out there giving out the coupons. I don't think you're cheating. This is what I'm just saying.
Yeah but what?
It was nice meeting you too and talking to you
and more power to you. You've got a lot of work coming towards you as you can do it
so like