SPEAKER_R: make this work. Can you hear me? Right? Not getting these sound So I make sure I'm my computer. Can you say something? Mhm. Let me check my let me open music, make sure my speakers are working. Is your mike on the corner of me commute. Oh, this is frustrating. We'll see. Hold on. Okay. Gonna be a weird way to show controls. Uh huh. All right, let me try reopening and see if it works. Uh huh. Mike you still can hear me right man. Technologies of crapshoot sometimes. Why? Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, I don't know why which is on a zoom call to. Let me see if I open this in a different tab. Hold on, let me try something else. My last one. Try a different browser. Yeah. Makes no sense of uh try to see if there's a different way of getting this.
SPEAKER_L: test.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, here we go. Success.
SPEAKER_L: All right. We got there in the end.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I switched from these Brave. I don't know if you've heard of it suddenly. That's Mr Chrome, is that it worked?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, I just switched as far as I'm not sure. One of us. One of us, one of us, we just worked.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not gonna worry about,
SPEAKER_L: So I guess, I guess the 25 minutes starts now. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You want to put a time, I'm gonna pull it onto. Keep it simple. All right, cool. Right. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh, They didn't give us anything to talk about, right. Just like,
SPEAKER_R: no. I just said let it be free form. So I'm assuming introduce just kind of introduce ourselves. Right?
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah, I'm Tyler. I am in south Carolina Columbia, South Carolina. Uh, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm one I am in Delaware.
SPEAKER_L: Bernstein
SPEAKER_R: We're in south Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Colombia?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've been to charleston.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's where
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I'm from originally. And then,
SPEAKER_R: It was really nice. It was like super hot though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like 98° here today. It's great.
SPEAKER_R: It was crazy hot. And then we had, what was it? Uh, we're we could go to a few places and drink out in public. That was, it was very weird to us.
SPEAKER_L: Can you not drink out? It's
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: over.
SPEAKER_R: we're not allowed to have an open container period, so the ability to have an open container was like, whoa, it's just a
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: can do it
SPEAKER_R: interest.
SPEAKER_L: like regular streets, but there are a lot.
SPEAKER_R: No, no. You get like a little correction of it. Cool. So, what do you do in south Carolina right now,
SPEAKER_L: I am attorney. I grew up in charleston, moved up here for law school and then just kind of stayed here. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty big.
SPEAKER_L: what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I work in for higher ed. So I worked for University of Delaware.
SPEAKER_L: Nice fun. What did
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: do basically facility planning. So I manage um the arts and science college and all their buildings basically. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Anything from like leaks to long term planning to make it, make it simple.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Very cool. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What kind of attorney do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I just switched. So I was working for a big national firm defending um, yeah, it was like employment law. So like their employees would sue them, use like discrimination claims. And I would, I would like defending companies. So I just fucking asshole. I was like a big lawyer asshole. And I just switched. So now I work for the government, I su shady corporations so it feels much better for my soul. Uh
SPEAKER_R: well. At least you kind of get an end of both, lower the world. Right?
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, actually switched right when corona was starting and so I went in for the interview in person. Uh And then I got hired and I have not been to the office one time since then.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I've been at home for like four months now.
SPEAKER_R: So I don't know what south kind of, so our courts just opened maybe two or three weeks ago, I think they opened, but most still remote.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think most of us are still remote. Um I'm.
SPEAKER_R: only because I got very duty. So I'm still postponed, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have no idea what are smaller cords are doing. I know the bigger cords are still doing. Uh Like they're holding cords is virtually.
SPEAKER_R: virtually,
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah. So you, how are you, are you remote remitting in?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I'm technically essential, but I'm pretty much remote. I'd say like 85%, I only go, obviously we're still planning for fall semester. So I go in there for fall semester and um, you know, measure classrooms and figure out how we're gonna space people or even if it's possible. Um, you know, getting a bunch of people yelling at me because they want more students, but we can't do it, things like that.
SPEAKER_L: there is it.
SPEAKER_R: Um, and just just check on buildings to like, we have, we have a lot of flooding issues here in Delaware. It's, you know, the sea level to where we are is very, very small. You put a basement pretty much as a bathtub.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We have no basements in south Carolina basically.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I think the highest point in Delaware is actually a bench on like a small hill man. It's nothing like, like amazing.
SPEAKER_L: So is the University of Delaware planning on having students back in the fall?
SPEAKER_R: So our plan right now is, and again, I don't think it's going to happen, but our plan is, um, Anything 50 people or more has to go promote, I think 49 and under has the option of in person or remote or hybrid. You can do like one week, you're in class, you're off the next week when
SPEAKER_L: Burgess.
SPEAKER_R: you come back to, um, um, and we change the schedule. So it is, I'm gonna mess this up. It's monday, thursday, Tuesday, friday, Wednesday, saturday and we have longer breaks between classes. So it be, I think it's a half hour break between classes so people can kind of wipe down, organize things. Um, Um, but the issue of running into, you know, just because that's the plan doesn't mean we have the space for it. So we have, let's say to keep it simple with 20 classes, we have to fit in five classrooms, You know, those five classes may only fit 10 people, but all the classes are asking for 12 or 13 or 14, you know, it doesn't really match up sometimes. So we have to kind of work around a little bit, but um, I mean our cases are okay. We have a lot of issues with our beach areas, which I'm pretty sure it's similar to south Carolina, you know?
SPEAKER_L: South Korea has his, his show.
SPEAKER_R: Um, so right now we're just trying to figure out, I don't think we're gonna make it past october to be honest. I mean, like anything that you go to college to experience and go out with friends, go to a bar and go greek life. So, you know, all it takes is one person that, you know, it's just, I just got a little hot, no big deal. And they actually that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Originally us the university of south Carolina, they were gonna open full like fully in person until thanksgiving break and then they were going to go virtual after thanksgiving because they had some like charts that were like, like their prediction was that it was gonna have a big spike in like november december. And so, but now that we're having a huge back now because people are idiots now, I think they're doing like this weird like dual, like teachers have to do both in person and online guess students can just be like the students like happy village, but I don't want to come in and also the professors have to accommodate that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So we're shutting down after thanksgiving break. So we're going to go full remote. But between September one, when we're officially opening until November break, we're gonna try to do some in person, right?
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: do you think
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: about the people, like the colleges that are going full online pistol charging full tuition? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, I have a daughter and it's funny because for Pre K. Delaware's I have a lot of free options for for pre K.
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: It's like it's pretty hard to find them. Um So most people have to pay pretty pretty good amount of money, so we sent it to uh like this local catholic school which basically, you know, they have a nice program, the kids have to go play um they get used to like uniforms and like, you know, rigidness, that's not like, you know, they care. Um
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: uh They closed down and they were not prepared for remote. So for like the first month we had no T shirt and we started paying tuition.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, But
SPEAKER_R: So I mean it's like when I say they're like uh personally I think it's messed up, but it's a thing you pay for the brand, that's what schools are right there. All big business and big brands and now people don't, some people don't characters Harvard and they want the brand, but I like those kids who go there to like they're on tons of financial aid, you know, it's a little, it's a little different, but I don't know, I just think forcing it down people's throats are pretty hard, you know, I think the little kids, it's a little more understanding just because they need that social interaction they need um for mental health reasons. I think even if you do half days, I don't know, I'm always like, my girlfriend, I was just talking about, you know, if they can do half days or a few days a week, I think it's really helpful just to kind of break down the monday mistakes. I mean, my five year olds got cabin fever and I'm one weighing one day to see a pillow over my head on the sides. So, but I mean there's no real, I mean, we're we don't know the long term effects, right? So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: be A kid could be sick, but we don't know 20 years down the line, they might end up what we need to expect. So,
SPEAKER_L: What's the general, like, how are people thinking about current and Delaware? Like what's the?
SPEAKER_R: so our states kind of interesting. Um So we only have three counties, so it's a good way to start off with our full population, I think is Like just under 600,000. Um but eventually, because we have a lot of people who kind of come in for summer houses and then, you know, kind of a weird kind of like the whole state, it's pretty much like that. So the top part of top one closer to Philly is about half the state's population, kind of lives there, and as you get south it becomes more farmland or what we call poultry farms and beaches as you go south, it's more red, so it's very conservative. Uh It's sort of like florida, like I don't know what you're talking about, you know, okay, more north than people are more um I don't want to call blue, but it's sort of a purple um you know, it's just joe biden state, so everybody's
SPEAKER_L: Fair, fair, fair.
SPEAKER_R: pretty liberal, but you know, I think everyone has their own free understanding of like, you know, I might be a democrat, but I'm also might be pretty like economically sound and my thinking, you know, because it's this is a corporation, right? Everyone works for a corporation out here. In theory, it's like
SPEAKER_L: I forgot Delaware's the state
SPEAKER_R: hundreds
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: corporations.
SPEAKER_R: thousands of uh there's a little bit of like that weird and were tax free, so they're always like, you know, don't raise my taxes. Uh But we're a little more forward thinking and social aspects of things. Uh uh So for the most part, I would say everyone is pretty good about maintaining distances, masking. Um I think the restaurants are a little more loose, loosey goosey. We've been like, we went and we've been to P. A. We've been to New Jersey and there are pretty hard core. Thanks. So how? Um But here they're little, I don't know. Then they could do better, but it's hard because there's such a small state, there's not a lot of enforcement. Yeah. Just kind of hope that people just understand it.
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: But like I was telling my friend from who listened to is that you get 5050 cases here. I mean, it's a huge percentage compared. You know, it's not like Florida who gets, you know, 16, That's more than we have in the entire state one day. How about you guys?
SPEAKER_L: Uh South china is in the deep South. What? You don't care, Columbia did.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I got my mask right here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've gone uh Colombia and I like the big cities are obviously always gonna be more liberal. And so there are a lot of, I think it's Freddy okay, but like I went to the other day and I was like there was 60 people there and it was like three people that I saw ahead maxed on including me. It was just I think people do not care. Like the governor came out like a month and a half ago, so he had like right at the beginning when all states were closing down, he closed down some kind of closed down. Um But then like a month later he reopened and that is and then like two weeks later like things start getting really bad, like all cases started to really, you know, a lot. But he he just came out and said like no, I'm never going to like re closet. Um and so I think there was a chart, I saw it yesterday, I was like, I was like number two or three and like the absolute worst places to be for crying right now. Uh It was like, yeah, it's like the beaches are open completely. Uh It's a lot, so not great.
SPEAKER_R: we went to the beach once. I want my mask the whole time. I was like one of the few people who was just like, what is this guy doing? It's like, I don't know. I mean I just like used to it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So yeah, I mean thankfully like I'm at home by myself, so I know it doesn't really affect me too much, but yeah, I don't know. I was dating an emergency room doctor at the beginning of all this. And so it was crazy to like when that started happening was just like, it's mad like influx of people coming in. Um
SPEAKER_R: That. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, the hospitals were insane.
SPEAKER_R: stressful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What about juan? What do you do for hobbyists? What do you, what do you, what do you do? Bernard?
SPEAKER_R: that's a good let's think. So. Hobbies. I like to cook. I like gardening, like outdoor stuff. So being at the lake um plants. I don't I don't think you can see it from the angle, but my back wall is like full of plants but it's like here kind of shoulder side up.
SPEAKER_L: I think so too.
SPEAKER_R: Um I'll say that like I really do like um sports like my family is big and soccer so we follow a lot of stuff. Um. Uh Try I think stocks I've got into stocks. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: fine. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and I put it as like instead of wasting my money on the Starbucks coffee, I just go and buy stock and
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: seafood.
SPEAKER_L: just like gambling for adults.
SPEAKER_R: It's legal gambling, it's 100 legal gambling. Uh And I try to do stuff with like we're working but I'm terrible at it so I just
SPEAKER_L: chris
SPEAKER_R: don't know something to do in the garage and just enjoy it. Uh huh. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I am also a point person. Uh so this is my wall
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: of plants over there.
SPEAKER_R: ooh
SPEAKER_L: I just got I'll show you very excited, I just got this beautiful monster era birds. Very is very gorgeous.
SPEAKER_R: I have to I have two dead dying one by dying ones there. I'm being I'm rescuing. I was the best way to put it. This one. Let's see. This one's got like one little stub. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and then this guy actually, I can't see you can see it but it's got a little nuff right here, it's starting to grow in. But then let's leave. It was a reality. And then I got I got more this one here's my papa so I'm trying to regrow. Just put it on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well those beautiful veins, I've definitely had ones like I put it in a pot like in a, it was like not a glass, it was like okay and I left it in there for like months, I just forgot about it and I took it out and there was like you know find
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like this along the routes.
SPEAKER_R: did you ever see the article about the potato and the girl who was quarantined?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: She came back she came back to her house and the potato had grown all over the place on a warm area.
SPEAKER_L: it is, it's like those people
SPEAKER_R: It's great.
SPEAKER_L: that say like I was like oh I left a banana in my work drawer. He's a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what I'm more fearful fridges. What those fridges going to look like.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah the rough uh let's see. Also big board game person, I have way too many bridges. Um I I am see I know I am a little bit of a hobby collector. Uh We'll get involved just enough and then I'll move on to something else. Uh Like board games, video games, plants collecting vinyl adam.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. I've always want to get to vinyl. I have not started yet.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It was great. Like my dad would always take me to yard sales growing up and I'm like, you know, I get yard equipment and I'm like I could care so less, like I could not care less about yard equipment. So I had to find something. So I started picking up vinyl. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. If
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you had
SPEAKER_L: like funny when
SPEAKER_R: if you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: have to
SPEAKER_L: find
SPEAKER_R: play one vinyl for the rest of your life what vinyl would it be?
SPEAKER_L: If I can only keep one. Mm Oh man. Alright, I do love the White album, Beatles White Album.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh Oh Black Sabbath always go to um Or probably pink or probably Pink Floyd honestly. Um Metal by Pink Floyd I think might be one of those three I think.
SPEAKER_R: That's fair.
SPEAKER_L: What about you? What do you use your music tastes? No that was terrible. You're like
SPEAKER_R: I like very crappy rap so um
SPEAKER_L: okay
SPEAKER_R: I just like playlists of like SoundCloud rappers. So
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: uh the worst of the worst I just something about the music I don't really listen to it, it's just smarter to like um like it just sounds to me
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: they're scared, they're the way they format the words, I don't know all about it and I always like to understand like you find someone who's not big yet and see them grow up slowly. I don't know to me that's kind of just interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Have you found
SPEAKER_R: Outside there.
SPEAKER_L: rapper that was like not anything and then is now super big?
SPEAKER_R: Um Let me think. Anyone recently, Little Yadi, I would listen to him a while back and he got a huge um there's um a good name y bien as mere um he's kind of still small but he started off literally with like just a Soundcloud one song if you like remixed. Uh It just blew up. Um 21 Savage is a good one. I've had that rotation for quite some years now, he's got big, that's how that uh I still listen to a lot of classical like actual real class, like bach Beethoven uh spanish music just because of cultural stuff, I mean like for anything from reggae tone, so like salsa, meringue go. But
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure, I don't really know, it's like I don't really know understand country just because I grew up in the an urban environment, so I don't but now I'm pretty I'm pretty open to everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. I hate country. I grew up very much in a country place, but I was in high school, I did not peak in high school like whatever the opposite of Peking is. I did that in high school and all of the cool popular kids loved country music and so I was like fuck country music.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So that's like the one thing I judges cannot cannot deal with.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. Yeah. There's not really like I don't think I've ever heard a radio station in the country until I moved to upstate new york I want when I lived there for six years and I was the first time, you know, what's that? Oh, okay. And moving on, I actually met my girlfriend at a country uh, country show because the homework, I was like, do you want to go? And I was like, yeah, I'm like a yes person was like, yeah, sure, whatever, I'll go. And I literally met her at the same bar
SPEAKER_L: Nest. Does she like country music?
SPEAKER_R: she left because she just was trying to do something different to
SPEAKER_L: Okay. There. There you go.
SPEAKER_R: uh, you know, what is it kids? Um I don't know what they call it, but yeah, you know, just happened to work out.
SPEAKER_L: The two people at the bar who hate country music at a country. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good
SPEAKER_R: Pretty
SPEAKER_L: start.
SPEAKER_R: mind. Pretty much, yeah, what I'm gonna stay, let's see. So you live in south Carolina,
SPEAKER_L: Did you? Well
SPEAKER_R: Have you traveled outside of their?
SPEAKER_L: um never lived I've never lived outside of south Carolina. I traveled to new york city right before. It's like it's like my first solo trip. It was like on the while I was there. It was when like the national thing became like oh I was like oh shit. But thankfully like travel restrictions hadn't been like there are no travel strictly or anything. Um But I international been to Italy and brazil and costa rica.
SPEAKER_R: local.
SPEAKER_L: Um West. I've never been like farther west in Chicago and I flew in Chicago. So there are a lot of states in between south Carolina Chicago. I've not been to, I've never been anywhere further west in Chicago. Uh huh. So pretty much is at least guest. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I've been a lot of places. Uh, I'm trying to do all 50 states. That's on our bucket list. Okay. We've done pretty much the whole, I think we've done all the east coast except for north Carolina. We have, she's been there, but I haven't, we haven't been together. So it's a different, even their separate, we haven't been together. Um
SPEAKER_L: What has been your favorite state you visited so far?
SPEAKER_R: Ooh, that's good. I mean we talk about um, savannah a lot and
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: said that is great.
SPEAKER_R: we really like savannah. Georgia was just call it just a lot of interesting stuff in Georgia. Uh huh. I liked, I liked main a lot, but I didn't really travel too much other than like the coastlines. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Uh Friends went to, they lived in Portland um And they love Portland.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really nice. We're trying to do obviously corona, it's all dependent on corona. But at the end of august we're supposed to go on a camping trip, but we're supposed to go to camp in west Virginia, camping Kentucky camp in Tennessee and then drive through um, Alabama. We're just stopping like to grab lunch. Um Then we're going to meet my friends who live in Atlanta and I drive home basically
SPEAKER_L: That sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know we're gonna see how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully. Are you a big,
SPEAKER_R: but I heard really good things about west Virginia so we're kind of looking forward to that and they don't really have a lot of cases whether that's because they will test or whether just. Yeah but we're looking forward to. Hopefully maybe at least do part of the trip, we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Are you big pain hiker? Camper hiker?
SPEAKER_R: You know how I put it is I've never liked living in big cities. Um I lived in all of them but I just don't you know I like philadelphia, it's a little more spaced out in new york city. I was literally, it was like when I grew I grew up like I throw a rock and I hit new york city. Um um So it's just it's just too much, too much noise, too many people just, it's not about, I like trees, like birds, you know, So I moved to upstate new york for a little bit, it was nice. Um But yeah, I like hiking camping is big because you get to hang out cookout, make some marshmallows call it a day when we try to usually find places where you can like hike waterfalls or um jump into a lake. You know just kind of do some some sort of water activity as well. And then abroad, will you have been my parents and my mom is from Colombia, my dad's from Osama Bin The both um been to Venezuela, Egypt italy spain France, England. uh I'm missing one or 2, but how was practice
SPEAKER_L: Where's been your favorite international please?
SPEAKER_R: or I really loved Egypt Cairo was pretty cool. Uh Just pretty awesome. Just the trip in general life trip. But overall I think Germany was like one of my favorite places to visit.
SPEAKER_L: What do you have about Germany? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Everyone's so nice. Don't explain it. We showed up and we were lost because we didn't know like we got the airport, we didn't know how to get on the train station or used to, I couldn't figure out the language button, but like the words were like 30 characters long. I'm just like, I don't know. So I just walked up and you need help and I was like, yeah, I was like, oh where you going to tell them we're going to go? Well if you buy a ticket together it's cheaper. He was like, all right man, Do whatever you gotta do. I don't care. So um and everyone just nice always open to like me who you are. It's pretty diverse and if you're in big cities like Berlin super diverse. Um Munich, everyone's just super nice, frankly. It's kind of like Wall Street, so it's kind of boring but everybody else is pretty cool. Um I would highly recommend it to get. Especially
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to go to.
SPEAKER_L: would love to go for the beer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah Munich is the best if you go to Munich for beers. Amazing. Because you're literally just touched down. It's like living like a brewery, like every block there's like some sort of brewery you can go to. It's amazing. Even even their course light, it's like amazing. Uh But Berlin just cooks. Is that art scenes? Um Every everybody's got a cool vibe. I don't explain it. Other than that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do you think people are doing? What do you think this study is gonna be? There's gonna watch this talk for 25 minutes. What do you
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: no idea. I was actually thinking whether they're gonna see what our conversations are or how many times we pause
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah you're just like hell. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the awkwardness of like that.
SPEAKER_L: Meeting
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: new.
SPEAKER_R: uh for me, I think it's just because I just do them during lunch. I'll just do like a little survey what have you and then yeah. Yeah Buy stock or two and call it a day.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Was that the timer?
SPEAKER_R: That was mine. But I don't know. I'm always like afraid like oh maybe I should go a little further.
SPEAKER_L: It's just like a 32nd buffer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 32nd buffer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I always think I have weird like I've talked to now for 25 minutes. I will I mean most likely never see you again like my entire life. Just like you know. Weird. It's just a weird thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's the thing about life in general, right? You can literally meet someone in a restaurant, talk to him for 40 minutes and then peace out and never see him again. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well anyway stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but I don't know I guess we should exit out of this tab and then
SPEAKER_R: Let me see your Kailash. And so I remember mm when your conversation is completely, if your country gets interrupted and kinetic complete the reason. Please return this browser trap taps are I can't speak. So I guess we just close
SPEAKER_L: Of course
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and then do the other one. All
SPEAKER_R: We'll find out.
SPEAKER_L: All right well good talk to you one.