test.
All right. We got there in the end.
Okay. Well, I just switched as far as I'm not sure. One of us. One of us, one of us, we just worked.
So I guess, I guess the 25 minutes starts now. Mm
All right. Uh, They didn't give us anything to talk about, right. Just like,
okay. Yeah, I'm Tyler. I am in south Carolina Columbia, South Carolina. Uh, what about you?
Bernstein
Colombia?
Yeah, that's where
I'm from originally. And then,
Yeah, it's like 98° here today. It's great.
Can you not drink out? It's
over.
You
can do it
like regular streets, but there are a lot.
I am attorney. I grew up in charleston, moved up here for law school and then just kind of stayed here. Uh,
what about you?
Nice fun. What did
you?
Yeah.
Nice. Very cool. Yeah,
I just switched. So I was working for a big national firm defending um, yeah, it was like employment law. So like their employees would sue them, use like discrimination claims. And I would, I would like defending companies. So I just fucking asshole. I was like a big lawyer asshole. And I just switched. So now I work for the government, I su shady corporations so it feels much better for my soul. Uh
So
yeah, actually switched right when corona was starting and so I went in for the interview in person. Uh And then I got hired and I have not been to the office one time since then.
I've been at home for like four months now.
Yeah. I think most of us are still remote. Um I'm.
Yeah. I have no idea what are smaller cords are doing. I know the bigger cords are still doing. Uh Like they're holding cords is virtually.
Um Yeah. So you, how are you, are you remote remitting in?
there is it.
Yeah. We have no basements in south Carolina basically.
So is the University of Delaware planning on having students back in the fall?
Burgess.
South Korea has his, his show.
Yeah. Originally us the university of south Carolina, they were gonna open full like fully in person until thanksgiving break and then they were going to go virtual after thanksgiving because they had some like charts that were like, like their prediction was that it was gonna have a big spike in like november december. And so, but now that we're having a huge back now because people are idiots now, I think they're doing like this weird like dual, like teachers have to do both in person and online guess students can just be like the students like happy village, but I don't want to come in and also the professors have to accommodate that.
What
do you think
about the people, like the colleges that are going full online pistol charging full tuition? Yeah.
It
right.
Oh no, But
What's
the,
What's the general, like, how are people thinking about current and Delaware? Like what's the?
Fair, fair, fair.
I forgot Delaware's the state
of
corporations.
there.
Uh South china is in the deep South. What? You don't care, Columbia did.
Yeah, I've gone uh Colombia and I like the big cities are obviously always gonna be more liberal. And so there are a lot of, I think it's Freddy okay, but like I went to the other day and I was like there was 60 people there and it was like three people that I saw ahead maxed on including me. It was just I think people do not care. Like the governor came out like a month and a half ago, so he had like right at the beginning when all states were closing down, he closed down some kind of closed down. Um But then like a month later he reopened and that is and then like two weeks later like things start getting really bad, like all cases started to really, you know, a lot. But he he just came out and said like no, I'm never going to like re closet. Um and so I think there was a chart, I saw it yesterday, I was like, I was like number two or three and like the absolute worst places to be for crying right now. Uh It was like, yeah, it's like the beaches are open completely. Uh It's a lot, so not great.
Right. So yeah, I mean thankfully like I'm at home by myself, so I know it doesn't really affect me too much, but yeah, I don't know. I was dating an emergency room doctor at the beginning of all this. And so it was crazy to like when that started happening was just like, it's mad like influx of people coming in. Um
Yes, the hospitals were insane.
Yeah. What about juan? What do you do for hobbyists? What do you, what do you, what do you do? Bernard?
I think so too.
fine. Okay.
It's
just like gambling for adults.
chris
I am also a point person. Uh so this is my wall
of plants over there.
I just got I'll show you very excited, I just got this beautiful monster era birds. Very is very gorgeous.
Okay.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well those beautiful veins, I've definitely had ones like I put it in a pot like in a, it was like not a glass, it was like okay and I left it in there for like months, I just forgot about it and I took it out and there was like you know find
like this along the routes.
No.
it is, it's like those people
that say like I was like oh I left a banana in my work drawer. He's a
Oh yeah the rough uh let's see. Also big board game person, I have way too many bridges. Um I I am see I know I am a little bit of a hobby collector. Uh We'll get involved just enough and then I'll move on to something else. Uh Like board games, video games, plants collecting vinyl adam.
Uh It was great. Like my dad would always take me to yard sales growing up and I'm like, you know, I get yard equipment and I'm like I could care so less, like I could not care less about yard equipment. So I had to find something. So I started picking up vinyl. Mhm.
it's
like funny when
you
find
If I can only keep one. Mm Oh man. Alright, I do love the White album, Beatles White Album.
uh Oh Black Sabbath always go to um Or probably pink or probably Pink Floyd honestly. Um Metal by Pink Floyd I think might be one of those three I think.
What about you? What do you use your music tastes? No that was terrible. You're like
okay
This
there.
Have you found
rapper that was like not anything and then is now super big?
please.
Yeah. No. I hate country. I grew up very much in a country place, but I was in high school, I did not peak in high school like whatever the opposite of Peking is. I did that in high school and all of the cool popular kids loved country music and so I was like fuck country music.
Uh So that's like the one thing I judges cannot cannot deal with.
Nest. Does she like country music?
Okay. There. There you go.
The two people at the bar who hate country music at a country. Oh.
Pretty good
start.
Did you? Well
um never lived I've never lived outside of south Carolina. I traveled to new york city right before. It's like it's like my first solo trip. It was like on the while I was there. It was when like the national thing became like oh I was like oh shit. But thankfully like travel restrictions hadn't been like there are no travel strictly or anything. Um But I international been to Italy and brazil and costa rica.
Um West. I've never been like farther west in Chicago and I flew in Chicago. So there are a lot of states in between south Carolina Chicago. I've not been to, I've never been anywhere further west in Chicago. Uh huh. So pretty much is at least guest. What about you?
What has been your favorite state you visited so far?
Who
said that is great.
interesting. Uh Friends went to, they lived in Portland um And they love Portland.
That sounds awesome.
Hopefully. Are you a big,
Are you big pain hiker? Camper hiker?
Where's been your favorite international please?
What do you have about Germany? Mhm.
I mean
I
would love to go for the beer.
Yeah. So what do you think people are doing? What do you think this study is gonna be? There's gonna watch this talk for 25 minutes. What do you
do?
Oh yeah you're just like hell. Yeah. Yeah.
Meeting
new.
All right. Was that the timer?
It's just like a 32nd buffer.
Well I always think I have weird like I've talked to now for 25 minutes. I will I mean most likely never see you again like my entire life. Just like you know. Weird. It's just a weird thing.
but yeah.
Yeah but I don't know I guess we should exit out of this tab and then
Of course
yeah and then do the other one. All
All right well good talk to you one.