Hello?
Come
on that were you?
Um Unfortunately my dog may pop in every once in a while. Um I live alone, so she thinks I'm talking to her right now. Not understanding, I'm talking to you so
just
Um I'm Cheryl
Lawrence. Okay, nice to meet you as well. Um I'm yelling, sorry, have you done one of these before?
Come
on.
Oh, so recently.
yeah, I've done one and most of them, no one has shown up before, so I just sat around so I was like, oh, you get to talk to somebody this time. Um Yeah, where are you from? I mean where you living?
Great?
Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
Um
how are you handling this nightmare pandemic? I'm just going to start with, let's go. Okay. Sorry
because
Um has it affected like your work at all or business or anything or?
no, I I did, what what grades do you teach?
I have a friend who also teaches music and art at that edge and they're doing it remotely which seems really hard, you know? Um
wow. That yeah my teacher friends are losing I mean not losing their minds but it's you know it's so hard to figure out how to prep. And you know I have friends who teach college and friends who teach kindergarten and they're all um you know someone that well versed in technology anyway so there's just there's so much I can't believe how much you guys have to do, I'm not a teacher right taught years ago, you know when I was getting my graduate degree but nothing success, so I haven't had to deal with. Oh my god, I praise you a good job because it sounds really hard. Really really hard. How teacher,
how
many?
25.
Holy crap. Um And is that what you went to school for? Music teaching or was it teaching? And then you specialized
what?
Where?
Okay. Yeah I was
a music major for two years and then that whole like oral skills thing I could not like I just can't sight read, I don't have perfect you know there was just all this stuff that I couldn't freaking wrap my head around um counterpoint I kind of got but
they're
just came up, I was in the wrong field and I knew it, you know?
Uh Yeah it's
hard.
you,
was it
just
fine
alcohol
like?
Mhm. Yeah I'd have paid him just just like circle of fifths just asked me a circle of this question then are we done Right? I remember the moment where I just knew and it was like we had to discern between an Italian 6th and like a German 6th court and no no and people were doing it easy and I was I it's like chinese to me, I could not figure it any of it out. Um
it's
but they're not gonna just can you hear it? And I'm like no I can't hear that. Yeah,
I'm so glad you knew what
I was talking about.
right. Like boot camp where they're trying to make the you know week quit because yeah it's yeah like why why make it so daunting and painful when shouldn't you just want people to learn it easily? Um So was that then a music degree and then you got a teaching certificate or was it in music education?
I I lost visual, Did
something happen, I can hear you but I can't see you.
Okay? They're
back.
Okay. Yeah, it was green for a while. Okay, here comes out. Come here, honey. Just come on up. Just come on up, come on up and stop bothering me. Just get over here. Come on up. Yeah, I'm not Okay. She's just going to stare at me and hold the toy. Anyway. You're saying music education.
Who in what instrument or vocal?
so
french wine.
Holy crap. So usually isn't it the other way around where people started to perform degree and then they uh no, I need music education. But you went the other way around. What? When fired that change? Mhm.
No.
I
No,
that's been
congratulations. It's so unusual.
My dog is gonna drive me a little crazy. Okay bunny, are you gonna come up and touch just come up and say hello, this is my girl on there. She is. Okay now we're done with you. Don't bother me. All right. Um yeah, so then did you have to get an education uh teaching certificate after that? I lost you again. Hello? Crap. You're gone.
So
I have no visual on
you. I just have like a gray silhouette with black and then a set of headphones. You can still hear me great. Let's just keep going and tell me, tell me about the teaching certificate.
Okay.
Okay.
And your back is really now just so you know, I could see you again. Um, So you're from florida originally too.
working there or?
Oh, so you just moved there like in the
last
couple
of years and you like it better. The school and the
no, I
get
it.
Yeah, I'm not from Chicago. I moved through out of grad school so I'm from Iowa right. Also totally different tempo than Chicago and this was fun when I was young but I do not want to grow much older then I am already here because it is tempo and the weather is hard, Chicago is hard on, you know, if you're not freaking rich it's hard. Um you know, just having to walk to the train or whatever. I don't know how older, older older people do it. So yeah, I'll be here a few more years but Not staying. I mean I've been here what? I've been here 25 years so okay, stop it. She found a box of treats and she's trying to, I'm so sorry I'll just let her that's fine. Um It's noisy though. Whatever if it doesn't bother you. Um Yeah, so you said we are you married and you have kids or? Yeah
what would be?
Let him go?
I don't I don't
think
I know it but I
will look it up. Is it good?
I know,
I know yeah
yeah
What?
I'm just looking it up now because I had to I just had Diane Lane is the woman, yep, she's been around, I actually saw her in a play live, she did um fuck fuck is his name? Um Oh come on Cheryl, he wrote um Glass Menagerie Tennessee Williams. She did Sweet bird of Youth lunch is very good. Really really good. Um Yeah she's been in everything, she was a child actor so she's she's great,
I like
her
alive. Should some other guy. No, I don't know that. Okay. I'm not I don't find kevin Costner super compelling. I have to admit it, like he seems really bland to me. He's not a very exciting actor. So like I never saw dances with wolves, you know, so I don't get it. Um Did you?
went
crazy, that movie.
yeah.
bodyguard?
Yeah, yeah, and I never saw that one. Yeah, I'm just not, I'm glad. Okay, we're right on the same page on that because I'm like, oh, he's just so uh huh uh and not that that's my field, that I'm a theater director now, so of course I have no work at all. Um as well as um I just lost probably my life savings in a restaurant, a party planner. So yeah, I lost everything on March 16. My world blew up. Um We'll see like, but anyway, so yeah, so uh I was just saying like I've studied a lot of theater and taught theater um had a show going to new york in january, which is obviously not going to happen. Um So so I do follow actors and um yes, kevin is boring, boring, boring, boring and he's still he's boring at this point to
sorry, Sorry man, I know, I was like Trying to wrap it all of a sudden, it was like 10-8 and I'm like some crap and walk, you know, get her outside and turn on the computer.
you can get that down. Um No, I Okay. Mika to stop for a second. Okay, bunny, They're so cute. Sorry. Um And I know they watch these afterwards, they're gonna think I'm crazy. I mean, have you done other prolific stuff? Like other are doing a lot of that. Mm.
Oh holy crap. That's amazing. Because I'm like trying and they get you know picked up super fast. Like I just don't get and I'll be sitting there and be like my waiting studies with that stupid coffee cup or whatever it is. Like you know, I'll go days and you know, I'm home, I live alone with my dog and I don't have a job or a business. So I have all the time in the world like you know just give me studies, I'll group and nothing. I mean I maybe make $50 a month maybe. And I worked pretty I mean I'm pretty on top of it. Um Okay.
it's
that.
I know.
Yeah. Do you do you ever go crazy though with the ones? Because I will just get like I feel cheated and angry like you know, whatever, whatever money for like four minutes and then you open it and it's like 10 minutes and I'm like, fuck you, I'm not doing it or okay four minutes of honest answers and then, you know, makes
minute.
like you live, you know, like if you know damn well when it says it in the description that it's like sometimes they'll double it, like it's going to be seven minutes and now it's 15 and like, you know, your la yank and so
It's
that maybe
that's what I needed to do because I would just get so incensed by the idea that they thought they were tricking me into doing their test um and abuse, you know? Um That I was I would just not flying into a rage because that's crazy. But I would be just like, I'm complaining, you know, and would not do this study and then say why? And um, and maybe I need to just shut the hell up into the damn study. It makes money. But yeah, I've gotten some bonuses. I thought I was getting bonuses because when they asked for like, um, do you have anything to say about the study? I often do. Do you answer that question?
Oh, I'm using another thing. I think you might have, you know? Yeah.
You're a favorite how you get it? The gold stars. Yeah. I'm like, you had
age too, you know, I just, yeah, because I also edit plays. So I'm really used to just going misspelling, misspellings, type of type of type of um, yeah, I'm not, yeah, I wouldn't be anyone. I also feel like, you know, they want to know what I'm thinking in their structure now, I'll tell them what I'm thinking without their structure, so here's the truth church. Um and some of them I like better than others, obviously some are really dumb, right?
I know
and
this is wonderful is the best test I've ever taken now. Uh
yes. In your mind you're like screaming yes yes. Uh
Maybe
that's why Okay and now you just get a lot
felt
like
go ahead, I'm so sorry, go ahead.
Why?
I know and I love like going back and translating it, it's always more cash, right? Um you
know what is it converting it, converting it to the dollar? Um Have you ever been to europe,
allow?
No, I get it, I got it. Um I did a lot of traveling before 9:11 when it was super cheap And then after 9 11 the prices just went through the roof you know and it was no longer as easy to do that. Um What were you doing in Japan? Just vacation or research or?
Thanks.
Yeah wow, that's hilarious.
That's great. Yeah that's how long ago was that?
that's a long
time.
Well
Uh huh. The japanese. Oh and they're like strident need to be good fuckers, not lazy just kidding. Um I did have a question for you and I think we're almost I think we're done with time but I just had to ask did you also do like marching band or anything?
Oh in the in
I
bet
you're talking
about.
How long?
Thanks.
Yeah, because he's not wrong. Right. He's not wrong, But
yeah, no, that's
right. It's medicine, It's medicine. It's yeah, Right, It's going to keep you alive. Oh no, I can't imagine, like I was a drummer in marching band and so like, you know, my hands got cold, but they were always moving and I didn't have to worry about my lips sticking to anything. So, you know, I did like drum and bugle corps, but I didn't do anything in college uh because that was a vocal major then, and that was a terrible plan. Um But I think our time is done, sir, I think.
yeah, I think we did good. I mean, I think
I was like a minute or two late, but I think we nailed it and it's weird because I've really enjoyed talking to you, so um thanks for being a fun um a conversation partner.
enjoy the rest of your pandemic.
Yeah you know me too. But I got my dog and I got a station wagon so if everything goes to hell I'm just going out in the country I don't care. Right?
What?
Well I know, I know. In fact sometimes it's harder for you guys because I at least get to sit around and like think about my fate where you guys are just on the gerbil wheel just going and going and going.
I don't know. Uh And it would be great if there was you know if there was unemployment like my unemployment is running out in two weeks and you know I'm getting 1 98 a week. So uh yeah because I was an independent contractor so yeah so it's it's not good now you know? Yeah I'm just burning through all my money. But you know.
Yes yes please. I was just I was so afraid to get a Trumper in one of these. I'm like I will fuck that person up,
I will make sure.
No, no,
please don't
give
you a jumper.
yeah. Oh Rage. Rage. Rage. Absolutely. Oh yeah. Rage. I did a lot of work for him for biden this year because I was like not doing this fucking shit
again. I'm just not,
you know?
Well,
come on you guys. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. How did that? I mean jesus christ florida in texas like But yeah, who knows? Who? Who the fuck knows sorry. I started swearing bring up trump and I'm like fuck fuck fuck fuck hey I'm just watching I'm enjoying watching him like a spiral into more crazy but pathetic. Crazy.
And when
oh I've heard like they're the kids,
the kids are going crazy right with the,
well I have the app. I just never go on it so I should just.
so
should
I
what I would I type in like just trump or is there like a good search word for it or just
Good.
That's exciting.
wow that's right right that's the dancing and it's I'm excited about and I think January 20 will be a very happy day. Like I'm gonna get
tanked and I'm gonna race through the streets and celebrate and hope for the best but we know it won't be as bad as it could have been. So. Yeah well take care sir, thanks for sharing the tick tock idea with me. I know how many spend the rest of my time off now. It's trapped in the well so
four
bye.