Mhm Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah, No. Yeah.
Hello, how are
you?
I'm good. Right,
No
problem. Oh,
I'm laura, it's nice to meet you.
yes, I did my first one on
thursday,
so
yeah, so it's pretty cool, it's pretty cool, I've met somebody from Seattle.
so I'm living in Lehigh Acres right now. Lehigh acres
slaughter.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Oh, but for me um you know, I'm taking it with a grain of salt,
um we're here received um so I'm happy that we're here, I wish it was over. Yeah,
well technically, yes and no, um I'm a schoolteacher, so we went back to work mm and yeah, we have to have the mask on and all of that stuff like that, and you know, you have to, I'm a music teacher, so I'm out of my room, I got to travel to the classrooms because they don't want the kids to move anywhere and all of that stuff like that. So, so it's affected me a bit because you know, you can't do the things that you really want to do because it has to be on the card and then if I want to do that I have to be on the car and then I have to disinfect all this stuff and then I have to go, so I shall not to do all of that just to go there and do the best I can
From Kindergarten to 5th grade. Yeah.
I have those too. So we're doing, we're doing double, so we're inside the classroom and then they have what's called a virtual connect. Right? So I have to have two sets of lessons, one sets of lessons for the kids that I'm teaching live, and another set of lessons that are for the kids that our online. So.
35 years now.
25
years.
25 years.
Um I went to uh idea actually studied music
For 6 7 years almost. It took me
say I was at Jackson State University. Yeah.
Countries.
You
know.
I know.
I
know. And then we had and then we had a crazy and then we had a crazy music theory teacher. What he
used to do is when when you walk, when you walk through the door before you can get in the door, you had to answer one of his theory questions. So and and then I had and
if
you couldn't
answer
the question, you
have to stand outside, you have to stand outside until you got to question. You couldn't go back home, you had to stand out there until you actually answered the question. So
I told her, I told my professor, right. I said if you are, if you guys could, would explain things the right way, right, You know, and just tell me right, an italian six Just goes back to a five and then to one. Okay. And then the Germans and then all I have to do is take the german six and invert the five to a 565 and
then to a one, if you had told me that I would never have any problems, all you have to do is see that.
Yeah. So really,
I
tell them that uh oh yeah, when I went back to same, when are we back the same? I told him, I said, I said man, I don't know why y'all wanna make us do things the hard way, Why didn't you just tell us that?
I started in music education. Um but
first
I'm sure I'm
here,
I can see you,
Yeah, I started with music education. Um but I actually finished with a performance degree
from ball. Uh actually actually little breasts. I did I did a little breast. Um
I chose
I chose I chose to go to the the entire little brands family and I did uh I did a trombone, trombone, baritone in the tuba solo.
well they gave me a tuber the first time I played it two weeks later, I could play almost as well as I complete my trombone. And then they wanted to see if a I had if I took the trombone, could I do the same thing with the baritone? So they gave me a baritone and I did the exact same thing. So they were like, well why would we hold you here and if you can do all
of this? So there's a is that okay? So if you do, if you do performance, you know, we'll let you do that and you are going to do it on your trouble. But I was like, okay, no, well my lips will be tired, but it's how I'm finished with the whole thing. Right? So let me just do all three and then we'll go from there. And they were like,
are you sure you want to do it for you? Oh, yeah, yeah, that's the easy part. So I did agree.
And then they didn't really question as it was, they just said, okay, He did all three.
And then
that's the question. So
No, yeah, I'm here. I'm
here.
No.
I think I already had some education classes in the background from when I was doing the performance um from when I was doing the music education because I had actually got all the way up to the top before I decided to switch performance. The difference with the difference was I didn't have to take the national Teacher's Examination. So, so all I have to do is get the performance degree and then I can go back when I can't because I was coming back to florida anyways and when I got, when I get back here, I just take the test here and we dealt with because I didn't need the education already had the education out was that were necessary here in florida. Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yes, I'm from um, I'm actually from, I was born here in Fort Myers, but I lived in Miami for from majority of my life. And then,
Yeah, yeah. And then uh, And then I went off to Jackson State, came back home, taught over there for 23 years, didn't like the cost of living. So we came over here because it's cheaper.
two
years
ago.
Yeah it's not so much um it's not so much of a headache is it's a slower pace. Um I don't feel stressed out getting trying to go to work in the morning and it's just a whole different environment.
Just a whole
different
environment.
wife is in the living room she was watching we were watching a movie before I came in here
And let him go. Is
is that no? Yeah the new one with Kevin Costner. Uh
The
two
it's
yes mm it's low um you know we had the fast forward a little bit to get to the good part
this
Mhm.
But but you know you can you can tell it was one of it was kind of a low budget type of a deal. Mm You got you got the two main stars Kevin Costner and I forget I forget the girl's name. Um She played in quite a few quite a few movies. They did the they did the Man of Steel together when they were uh he was she was his wife in the movie Man of Steel but you know those were the two main stars and then you have one more third one more
guy that I actually knew and from the from from other movies and and then that it was a basic low budget movie.
thanks
for
that.
No he
had
We had one movie, I liked one Um
that was the one with Whitney Houston. Mm
Yeah the only movie I ever liked with Kevin Costner.
No, he, he actually came through in the end and, and, and, and, and, and then put in a little bit of action, But, so, so yeah, Yeah. But it was by the time he did, it was time for me to come in here. So
no, it was no problem. But you know, it's not, you know, it's not, it wasn't that, it was just, um, you know, I'm like, okay, okay, let's get to the good part, let's get to a good bar.
do, I get quite a few of them, I get quite a few of them. You know, like every two weeks I'm averaging about 55 to $60 every two weeks or so.
give me, they give me little things, and you'd
be surprised something like 56 cents 15 cents, 20 cents for the defense. And then every once in a while I'll get that one that's like $66.7
dollars. And then they go back to 75 cents dollars, $25.55 that's
like
And all,
they're giving you a $0.65 for it, okay.
You know, some of them are due in many ways because what they'll wind up doing is giving me a bonus in between. So I started doing them all because there was one that was like 25 cents and Uh and it was it actually lasted 45 minutes because it and
I did the whole thing And uh the person who who did it actually wind up giving me a $6 credit. So I started I started doing them all.
What?
No
I don't be having them to offer you know some of the studies some of the studies to be done right. And you know I've been wanting to say okay this was one really dumb study but no no I just leave it there and say just click it and then when the sentence everything did everything go okay actually yes keep going.
there were
I'm trying I'm trying to my own you know to kind of to kind of come out of that they're wanting to criticize everything because you know you know being a music teacher, being a music person in there sometimes I just want to go
why are
you putting this hair? I don't know why this is here like this so no no I understand. I understand so but I said you know what? I want to try to make some money so. No, like you like it click,
yeah, everything goes around. Not really but yes.
But uh yeah and then uh first when I first started the prolific thing I think I was getting on average like once a week and then after I started doing the uh 2027 cent ones and all the rest of that stuff, they started populating and popular able
and now
no, you know on average Sometimes sometimes it will be nine but like uh by Wednesday I have about six or 7 there On Thursday it would be like two or 3 Friday be by six or 7 Saturday, Maybe one, Maybe 2. And then Sunday starts all over again like that. So
by
the end of Uh
So by the end of two weeks right, I'm up to like $45, in
the euro.
And
no um uh believe it or not, I've been to Japan.
I've been to, I've been to Japan. I've been to Africa, I've been all over the place. You're was not one.
uh band stuff.
Well um they had an exchange program where the band directors over there went to, came over here and talk to ban and then we went over there and they caught us.
I can't say I can't say I talk nobody over there is a man. That would be the biggest lie ever because
We were there for like a good four weeks. So yeah,
it
was like it was like um It was like in 2002, The 2002, the first time I went in 2003. And then a yeah we went over there and uh we, we did, we did arrange, we did from elementary
to high school. And it's a different setup in Japan because they don't have music classes per se. Like during the day, their, their music classes are really um, really their band stuff falls into after school thing. They call, they call them clubs and the kids volunteered to come in. They don't have to really do it. And uh, in the scoop part of the class, you know, the music stuff is more or less the theoretical parts of it. So most of those kids, most of those kids knew most of the stuff that we learned in college.
That is. Uh, I did marching band. I talked marching band. I was just going to tell you, we used to come over there, the Chicago every year for the, for the Chicago, black college thing. Uh, they do over there in the stadium,
the coldest I ever been,
The
Circle
City
Classic. The Circle City Classic. It was called the Circle City Classic.
used to do the parade. Oh there. Mhm. When I was when I was in school at Jackson State, we used to do a Circle City Classic parade. And then we um and then we uh performing the stadium that night at the football game with that football team will play whoever it was that was there. And uh every every year our band director used to tell us I'm not a drinker and I don't want to encourage nobody to drink, but it's damn cold over there in Chicago. So so
what you need to do because your mouthpiece will stick to your lips. No, 2020 and the whole man and the whole banks to crack up laughing. Right?
That stuff that stuff is so hot that it will keep your lips warm the whole night.
I couldn't think. I couldn't stand the taste of it, but I used to work.
Yes, it is. I think so, yeah. 32 minutes.
So
I appreciate I appreciate it. Thank you for thank you for being a great partner. Too. Great.
I hope things work out for you with your job.
your head up, keep your head up. Right. You know,
it's it's hard for it. It's hard for us all, even even that's working folks, so
and I just want to sit around. I just want to sit around like we did before and get paid like we did. I want to I want to do what you're doing,
Well, let's let's hope, let's hope he does what we, what we expect to him, what we expect him to do when he gets man.
We were,
no, no, no, no,
no, no.
The
stuff
he's done, the stuff he's done is like, uh,
I don't know.
And, and
I'm so, I'm so
mad with the people here in florida, even
if you want to have more fun,
get on Tiktok app,
what?
Get on Tiktok? They roasted him on Tiktok. Oh no. See there are people there people our age on Tiktok right now. So
Just go on it. Just go on it. You don't have to know recordings and nothing like that or anything of that. And they should just go on it and look and look. You know, just, you can look, you know, because, oh boy, maybe 10 him up.
Do
these
here.
No, you can just go there. You're gonna, you're gonna find it on your
own because
let's go hold on, let me see if I got one. Hold on. I think I got one here that my wife sent me. Well, let me see if I can find one here. Hold on. She send me all kinds of funny stuff. Oh, here it is. Here's one.
well. Yeah.
All right. You have
a good night.