Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just
how are you? Okay?
Yeah, it's dark where I live, So sorry.
where are you?
I'm in
you drink
but Okay.
Oh my God, I don't know. I'm not from New Jersey and I hate it.
like a lot. But
no,
I um I've moved in with my boyfriend here. We moved here from Philly and I'm from colorado.
Yeah. Are you florida
or?
Well,
I
want
to help.
Because
of the beach, They're letting people go to the beach. Oh,
More
Just uh New Jersey, It's still on my phone. Um New Jersey restaurants are not opening for another week due to knucklehead crowds at bars, ruining it for everyone. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I just mean
this
I don't know why I did
that. But
being at
is you, I talked to um I did another type of study like this earlier today and the woman that I got was from India And when I was 18 I got this like silly uh and um later on in my life I was dating a boy Arjun and his parents are from India and it was so embarrassing because I had to see his telling me like show my parents here tattoo and I was like I don't want to show them like and I finally did and every time they went to India they would buy me statues of her. So. Mhm.
I
don't know. Can I admit I don't remember how to protect
uh Sarah's fatty. Oh crap, my air conditioner. Uh Sarah's
people
say Saraswati. Yeah,
most
of my tattoos really don't, but she was like goddess or you know of like science and music and learning and all the cool stuff. Well, he's crying man. I feel bad. I don't even remember my own tattoo anymore.
Do you speak italian though? Because
I don't know.
Well,
that's cool. Yes. My mom moved there when she was 18 and yeah,
yeah, and she tried to teach me things, but all I know is me, piazza, Chaka, lotto. Yeah.
And then she said army adesso, just like, give me some now. Is what?
So that's what I know and I am
what?
now
me. No, no, I know, I have a cat though, so
Oh my God, I know what older um 33
they had.
I figured I'm not allowed to have kids until I got a a PhD
And
no, it's
no.
Are you still able to work now over? Mhm.
What?
That's cool.
my
no,
I
don't
feel very hopeful.
Yeah. It's interesting for me though, in a way because I moved across the country to live with my boyfriend now and I moved uh
Uh 2018 basically. Right,
Yeah, and the funny thing is um, you know, we just moved to New Jersey about a year ago and I don't know anybody here and so
no,
because I don't drink or anything, so it's like, okay,
well,
no,
but it's funny because
of coronavirus. Suddenly I uh hear from my family again and I didn't the whole time.
Yeah, before coronavirus happened, I would never hear from my family at all. And like yeah, and like all my old friends and like old college friends are, you know, wanting to talk to me now, and it's like oh
I don't know,
it's yeah.
Oh that's very silly. I do have to ask, I did this study once before
and
I think the previous window had the counter on it and I accidentally skipped that window,
so
having
done this one before
woman.
I didn't want to get them in.
I think
I didn't,
yeah, it's easier because of coronavirus. Honestly, like the last time I did this I got a really sweet girl
in Georgia, I think she was like she's a lot younger than me. But yeah, she's really sweet, she's black
and she liked to keep up korean
pop music and he was like uh
thank
whoa.
Well apparently they're not treated
very well.
they're kind of like, yeah,
uh Yeah, I didn't know anything about that, so when she was talking about K pop, it was just like, yeah,
When you
go out, do you like opera? I'm just getting sort of
And
who?
I hope
two.
I
hope.
yeah, that's true. Yeah.
No, but I wouldn't. I have a degree in classical music and violin. My favorite.
Yeah. My favorite thing was playing operas and I think my favorite is john is kiki by Puccini. Do you know that 1? It's really,
I used to,
I used to before I moved
to the
East coast, I had a string quartet. So, but
I
don't
know that anyone.
I mean now I do, but I mean, I think,
you know, honestly, New Jersey is fucking miserable. Sorry.
But I don't know when I was in Philly, it was pretty great. It just, I don't know anybody yet. And yeah, because I went to music school. So, you know, you
could just build little quartets and cute little thing
you're like. But and actually, right before coronavirus, I had an audition um for the South Jersey philharmonic, but then that can't hold because of the But
He's from New Jersey.
Yeah, he bought a house one.
I know. My God. Yeah.
And you know, honestly, uh Philly is only like a 15 minute drive away. But yeah,
Plus East Coast
drivers are very scary, so. Okay. Um
Well,
I know. Yeah,
they had.
I know. Well, I did I did get into a graduate school because I don't know. You use prolific, I'm guessing, or Yeah, so, because in college, I don't
know if you went
to college, I'm sure you did, but like doing research was really fun and prolific made me feel kind of jealous that they were doing research and I was just taking it. So I'm going to apply to grad school and they did the essay and I actually got in so hopefully
uh masters of social work because I figure we need more social work because I
yeah, so I'm just gonna go for social work because my other degrees in psychology, it's so might as well just
Yeah. Right, what about you? Mhm.
Early.
Yeah, that's what I was gonna go for
social work because it's you know, basically your therapist. But you know,
I
tried I tried because my boyfriend is a network manager or something, so yeah, network analyst, thank you Benji um for a university and um so you know comp tia like a plus certification and all that. I started trying to study it and then I was just like, Yeah,
I think it's two years to you.
I think hopefully that will give me some purpose. Maybe
that's true.
God, for me
it feels, I don't know. I think I you bring up a very good point like I don't even know if I really want it as much as I just want something to do, you
know?
But
well,
I got
to know because school is going
to be
Mhm.
I am.
How
long do you think this is all gonna last? Oh my goodness, mm hmm.
Having you
in New Jersey or
um we're still being worried about it a little bit. Like they still haven't opened uh non essential retail really. They sorted
it,
but not really. So. But yeah. And then I think there's a curfew for eight PM still mhm
Yeah,
But
Come on
the world.
I know.
Well, they want
to come back though, can you come back or will they let you go at all? Because
that's a big mm
next
know that
that's
more
well,
also I
was just reading that, I think europe isn't allowing any americans at all,
like,
at all, So I would be worried that you might get stuck there or they might not even let you go at
home.
So they can't
mhm Yeah, that makes sense I guess.
we are so stupid. Oh my God, I remember, I don't uh Italy was like the first
thing that you would see when corona various came like all the videos from Italy and they were
What?
I didn't,
You're
going
to make it, I can feel your energy like you definitely yeah,
have to get out of there.
Yeah, that is
Yeah, just maybe we can't go to the mall.
Well
that's not open here either, but
that's not
I
returned
them either. Right,
Yeah, I want
to target when this whole thing began and working at target was pretty bad. Like they just
taking returns at all, so Right.
Mm
Target evil.
And
it's,
it got politicized from trump unfortunately.
I know.
Just hasn't been 22 have
minutes and just, you know, that is, I think the depressing thing, but I think, oh man, someday we will look back and laugh right and skin.
I did read an article
that says that like because of like how monotonous and boring um, everything is right now that in the future we probably will have very little memory of this time. Because
Yeah. And just that nothing is really changing. So when we look back at this, it'll just be like, so,
yeah. What
johnny's kiki? It's cute. You know?
Uh the Puccini opera is cute. Johnny's, you know that one? I would sing it for you but I did not go to school for that.
But,
but
you know,
it's like barbie, no car old. The, you
know that one, you know that? But yeah,
no,
no, no, no.
I would
be interested. Yeah.
Oh, they tortured us. Yeah. Well they make you learn piano and all that, but
Oh, I see. Then you
that's okay. That's other people can do it. We can appreciate it.
Let's
move.
Oh you're cute. Well you're gonna get out of the house. I swear I already
am.
Do you
think Mr language see Job L. A. Right now
Bell because you're not a boy,
Maybe a jackal Otto.
I don't know how to do this mom.
Good night.