how
you see me worry, but yes, I see you.
So it is here too. It's uh it's 10. So
um I live in South Beach. Miami beach florida.
Where do you live?
We heard
so thanks. Tell me something about you.
You hate it,
but you work
there.
Okay. So that's a different from where? Yeah.
Well,
well, no, I'm italian actually um
my dissent is italian, but yeah, I've been living apart for a long time now, so uh I consider myself caribbean. Um It's it's, I mean, I love florida, but now
it's
not
a great time because we're having a lot of cases. I don't know if you read about it and so I mean it's everywhere, but here in particular, the situation is getting worse. So, you
know,
Yeah, well, the beach has opened as well as all the hotels and, and there's a lot of tourists that came back with local mean american tourists uh and that I think spike the cases as well as the protests I have been going on. Probably. So yeah, that's not, it's not good now,
but we don't know. Oh, well, another lockdown because Oh my gosh.
Same people here. Uh well here they're open, right? But they, they stopped alcohol so you can basically get alcohol in bars. That's, you know, to Avoid people, you know, going out basically. And then also they're going to close the beaches for the 4th of July, so the whole weekend, So they don't want people to come, basically. Uh huh.
I think that's what they want. Uh
It is, it is a hard time here. I don't know. Oh, I love your tattoos. They were amazing.
I don't know. No,
you haven't?
No,
no, but I love tattoos. I mean, I, I don't have any, but I love them. I love them. I love the one. Both women and men.
I love them.
Why? What is it? What statue is
it?
Will help.
Well,
no.
hmm. And what does it mean? I mean, why did you have that doesn't have a meaning for you
or just because
It's okay. It doesn't matter as long as you like it, but that's fine. Right?
I
know I do.
I mean I'm perfectly bilingual. Yeah. And I go to Italy also too, because I have my, my family parents, I love I love Italy and it's amazing.
Oh
I like chocolate
S C. C Good
look what I, I um I have a
kid and I didn't even teach them italian. I'm terrible because I should make an italian, but I don't, I feel terrible. but you know it's one of those things I I don't know it's weird because if you always speak in a language right you really have to think about it. I mean I speak italian right, but it doesn't come natural so now he's nine and he doesn't speak so what
did you have any kids? No.
I love what? Yeah well it's a different, I mean when we have kids, I mean my life changed so
48 4 almost 45.
Yeah I have three kids.
Well you know, you know what I mean, they're amazing, I love having kids but your life changes you know like
the priorities change
so when I was your age you know I already had kids but it's certainly much more fun before I can
but I mean it's just a different life but I'm happy anyway. I mean I get to do my things and go out anyway and have fun, but it's just different, you know? No.
Uh huh.
I will work. Yeah.
Work. And I have a very um full life right now with the coronavirus. I'm mostly saying I hope so. I have more time, but usually I don't work from home. So it's kind of hectic. Uh, it was a bit hectic. This, I mean starting from March because all the kids were home because
they want to, so it was like and kids and you have all the whole, let's at home,
it just never goes fine. But um, I hope we'll get out of this situation soon.
You know
your
boy who cares? You can stay home, you know, you're you're okay. But no, it's not. It's just it's very chaotic. Not wearing me.
how long ago?
So it's already two years.
Not wonder where you haven't didn't make any friends
yet.
No but
I don't know do you have any like hobbies that you can where you can meet more friends
or I don't know. No.
And he
but really
because a lot of people don't have more time. Uh huh. And they're more bored and they're like you know what let me let me talk to that person. I don't I haven't heard from a long time. Yeah
it brings a bit together I guess
that's
with
more
I
didn't see a counter but I did look at the time so like we have to be on for at least one. I mean I just write in 25 minutes and we got on a 10 so 8 1008.
So
I've done it
I've done it for the last time I was speaking with a man. Uh
Well I mean it's a bit more, I don't know, it's a bit more embarrassing, you know, because many people ask me a lot more, quite like a lot of questions, but out of curiosity I imagine, you know? Um But yeah, it was a bit more embarrassing, you know? But basically I think what they want and they want to see how people interact when they when you don't you have a complete stranger in front of you have to talk for 25 minutes and you're like what am I going to say for 25 minutes?
The time goes by slowly, right, when you kind of going to offer a position,
I feel like okay now what?
Well
well
they are.
a lot a lot of,
I've heard a lot of them, a lot of like three or four kids keep up died this year, you know, it's like I was reading one after the other. I don't know what happened like by suicide or I don't
know what happened, like I've read so many, I think it was the fourth, the last time I read it. Like what's happening with?
No.
Yeah, apparently, yeah, there's some issues there.
Yeah, they're probably put in a position where they feel, I don't know.
it's a it's a world I don't really know, but I thought I know a lot of weird things because of my kids, you know, they well again this is rad, this is school, this is what we wear, you know, it's like a so I know it just because of the kid,
but
uh huh, I like it, but I don't really go, I don't go, I used to go like when I was younger because uh when I used to live in Italy, there's a lot more things about culture in Italy right? People go to theaters and
operas,
ballets,
you know, it's like it's much more common. I hear I don't really have people to go with.
Um My husband hates it, my husband hates operable a he hates art in general.
So
you know, it depends on it's hard for me to just organize and go, you know? But yeah, I love art, I love, you know even I I'm from Rome, right? So even in Rome, you go out, you go to whatever church you can see are you can see amazing stuff, statues everywhere are everywhere in Italy.
Have you?
look like
I don't know that, I don't know who the specific, but I know Puccini very well. It's amazing. But do you play I mean it's do you do it for work?
Why are your teacher
this is
interesting
and now you can't you can't find
anything
that we're
you're the one who haven't been in. You're you're you stay home all the time
now. Apart from the coronavirus situation. Like when you got to New Jersey what do you do?
No no no I I I mean I know I've heard I've heard that New Jersey's I know.
What
harm?
Okay you know the situation gets better. Probably you can have the chance to so did not. But you have to I mean the friends that you stay there for your boyfriend's work or or is it it could be that you move at a certain point with him or? All right.
What? Oh from uh he wants to stay there?
Uh That's uh well let me tell you. Gotta really um with some convincing there
and
Yeah but you know what if you live in a place you tend to stay there even if it's 2015 minutes.
No.
come here and try how they are here.
It's terrible. But anyway uh No but you should do something you know or find your interest otherwise it's terrible
frank dimension.
It can't be the love life it has to be your interests and friends something that otherwise it's hard for you to adapt.
Well
or,
What What What Graduate in 1?
you're going to be studying again? You're gonna go back to basics?
Oh that's beautiful.
Yeah well I do more of an I. T. Job so it's less um artistic for sure. It's not artistic at all. It's completely different. Uh And and so does my husband so that's maybe why he doesn't like I do as I told you. But it does. Mhm. Has nothing to do with what I like. So I. T. I love technology and it's amazing.
Uh It's a different world you know be different from yours and what you're talking about. Um But psychology, why don't you do something with technology?
It's
it's
room.
No. Yeah but it's a completely different thing so uh but how long is it the degree in social work?
And you want you want to start staying again? Like you feel like it. Yeah.
You know what you have like to have your music, you could go on with that.
I feel like um like if I had to start studying again I would like okay I'm older than you. But I just feel that it's for me, not the time anymore. You know, it's it's scary to just go back. I did a lot of that and to even think about the fact it has to be daunting, you know, just go back, right?
But
you must be
over.
So, but two years back
to studying, it's basically staying home and studying
how
it's
super far. Yeah,
I mean, I mean if you like it, it's probably not boring, but just the fact that to stay home, okay, right now it's fine to stay home. You have to but later I think, you know, social interaction of some kind and you have to do something also because otherwise I don't know, I would go crazy. You
know, you know, like my personality, I couldn't deal with that. You're staying home. No, I say so.
No,
the coronavirus. and well, hopefully hopefully they'll find a vaccine because it's crazy.
But everyone is working like how does it work if people go back to they went back to work or or mostly remote,
New Jersey? Yeah.
You
have
God. Really?
Okay.
Mhm. Yeah, we had that. And then today the mayor, He posted a video and uh he said that they will impose new Curtis here because we've had like 10,000 cases Per day.
8000
were basically we opened up everything. And then you have to kind of backtrack, right? I mean just the idea of it is it's crazy.
And I had to go to italy with someone and uh I don't know if I will. I mean I could
But
Yeah. Yeah, because I'm I'm a citizen so you can go back,
You're a citizen, you can go back to your home country.
But the only thing is that I can't like there's no direct flight out of Miami and we have people first to new york
and then stay I think three or four hours slept over which kind of scares me. Um The cases here and there are high I don't know I'm just I don't know if it's taking an airplane
for
10 hours or more is insane
maybe well of
course
you
know
well
no because I'm a citizen of both so
uh no no they can't do that um But yeah if you're just a U. S. Citizen and not resident in europe then you can't go.
right but I guess that's right because now they're they're better and they don't want you know us going there and infecting them again I guess it makes sense right
heart.
Oh my God it was North Italy, it was like, you know, a lot of people say all of Italy, but actually it was just North Italy and the whole of Italy had barely any cases. Uh and North Italy was devastated by it like Milan
and all that agent there, it was, it was terrible, but all the rest of Italy was super fine. Uh now
they're basically at least for now because they're talking about a possible second way, but for now it's it's super okay. So just to go there on vacation, I mean they do wear masks and stuff, but definitely from here where everyone is obsessed, you know, at least they're, they're kind of getting over, there is a different spirit here, everyone is. Oh, be careful, don't do that, it's so a little boring. I just,
I
feel
no, I meet, you know,
I get even when, even when there was a lockdown I would go up, you know that you can't exercise. I mean here it was possible. I don't know there because every state is different. But I know I have to run. I had to do something. I can't put a long day. I I go crazy. No, I was careful. I had my mask on. But you know I went biking I went
parking yeah right. Still
a model for sure know
for
you're everything is open.
It didn't open. But look, I went, I went shopping but not in a mall like you know in stores, right? And so like for example, I went um uh just come like common retailers and you can't try anything on then. Like you go to the register and like you have, there's a like tape and you have to stay like uh yeah, feet away from the register or even more than at the glass. It's like, it's weird, right? You can't try anything on. So you like close okay. You just buy them and then turned at home.
You have
to even,
you can't return them. And then when, when you return them, they're going to keep them. I don't know for how many hours are really one day apart. They think that that way the virus, you know, I don't know. It goes away magically and then put them back on the rack. I don't know.
But it
no.
they're not. Yeah,
I don't know.
that's it. I mean I I've been here a target even during the lockdown because it's a grocery, I mean it has grocery so I would go
to buy groceries and the crazy. But you know, a lot of people don't even wear masks inside. It's mandatory. But then they're like, oh I have a breathing problem. I mean it's crazy. So
it's just
Oh my God. Yes. Let's not talk about
that. What
what?
Oh look bad. I don't know about laughing. But anyway look back and say ok. We went, you know, we're over and finally hopefully.
Well
yeah, to erase bad things, negative things, you know?
Hopefully hopefully hopefully soon. Well you have like another minute another win and then I'm gonna let you go. Oh
no.
What?
I
would love
your
user.
that's cool.
You think
you're going to quit?
No.
No.
You do understand music So you you have a certain here from your music.
I did a lot of years. We can't like a lot.
Yeah. But I'm told death and I really wouldn't be able to I'm terrible but I never really of all the lessons I did for ears. I'm terrible and I still am. I don't care about singing. You know it's just it's not one of my things.
from four. Yes I will I will do my I. T. And better at that listen it was a pleasure to talk to you.
You're
so try to find something that makes you happy whatever it is. Go out and find it.
I will.
Oh thanks tomorrow morning I'm going to go out of the house.
All
tell but
but that is a girl but so is a boy always. So it was a pleasure talking to you.
Uh huh. What is your colorado? All right anyway
I have to close from here but I think we have to close. There's an X. Here and we close it I guess. All right I'm gonna try it so I'm gonna see