how can you hear me? Right, suggesting
some sound? Oh
cool, great.
Well I'm carrie.
Well likewise this is like I think I did this one. I um well I guess chat maybe like last time when they had it so I was definitely stuff that they were doing it again this round. Did you get the last time? Too?
Yeah the first I think chapter I tried it on to like my partner never showed in the second one I got yeah
have a way. Um Are you gonna come? It was like six minutes. I'm like all right so I guess it's cool anyway is having you?
Nice? I feel you it's saturday and like I really woke up early I'm not really a morning person lemon I out but today I just decided to get my coffee in and you know try to be alert for the day. Yeah.
yep for sure. So where are you calling from?
Oh nice. Yeah I have family in new york there in Long Island, in South africa
Maryland's
four.
how is it over there? I mean I know I heard like a lot of the uh big you know a lot of the cases are rising over there.
Right now we have a,
sorry
it's it's bad but high um but as far as I go get the area between like D. C. And Virginia this is definitely a lot has a lot less cases. The Maryland does as well as Virginia. There's like the main too but we don't have a whole lot of restrictions yet. I know like other states like Oregon they're doing a lockdown of course other countries. London's and a lot of one right now for a few my friends over there so definitely because they have a feeling there may be another one. Um because I think they're trying to look on to see, you know, how many cases will increase, especially towards like holiday. But um I'm not sure. I know I have a photo shoot scheduled to be in new york after New Year's. Yeah, I do acting professionally and the shoot was going to be like, you know, doing my head shots for, you know, just representation and um tv commercial work and everything. But now I'm like you yeah, I saved up a lot for it, but definitely just going to be playing a bite here, you know, the next a month or so just to, you know, see again like hard in school and um you know, if there's gonna be any type of travel restrictions or in the case where you have to be there for a couple weeks in quarantine. So um my family of course is going to come
looking my parents, you know, just for like safety and stuff, you know an event that we have to be somewhere and you think next month I'll probably
take the covid test and everything. My dad already took it, so he's in the clear. Um I think that's it so far. I'm hoping next year is you know, carefully better. I I would love this year.
Sure. I mean this is I think the first thing I would say especially you know, even for our two generations, you know that we're in a pandemic. Like I did not
take, I was not ready.
So I was like um I think my future kids would be like why are you wearing that? Um All businesses? I see all the memes to like literally, it's funny. But yeah, you know, it's definitely been one roller coaster of the year I'll say. But
oh no, I haven't done this.
I heard
are
yeah, I I don't know like I feel like my tolerance level, my pain tolerance level maybe beyond, so
it's
not like a shot, you know, I'm good.
You got the test? Okay.
Yeah, I can, I can imagine staying time and uh it's being college right now. I don't, yeah, I
guess right now in this time. That's cool. What are you majoring him?
yeah, yeah, yeah or like go through like a billion majors. I had a few friends that just, they went through five majors before. There is no like uh
yeah, so I went through too because at first I was gonna do prelaw but I ended a major improve patients and minor in theater obviously. Um so that was like my, my choice in track, but it was cool. I sometimes miss it, but now I'm like, ok, it's the real world.
I graduated in 20.
yeah,
what college do you go to? Yeah,
good.
You know?
I went to towson, so definitely, yeah, and stayed in within my state too. My parents are just, they were not going to be traveling.
I'm sorry, my voice is like really dry. Um I didn't have water this morning, but now open, the excess is happening
Um Well, since the pandemic has happened, but really, I guess flash forward to beginning when like, y'all were in lockdown. I got into playing my games again. I used to really hard gamer when I was kid, a lot of RPG stuff. So Mario kart Mario party really the whole Mario series. Um also you don't see my first, but um I am a harry potter fam. So like, I am like not only a super fan but I select all the items and have all the games which I got the remaining two, but I didn't own uh which was um Sorcerer Stone in the Prison of Ask the band, which I did play the past like years and years ago, so I wanted to keep it and I never played the Surface Stone like boom itself, but it was like super easy and I kind of blew through that in the day but but yeah, that's what I've been doing. Um I just got back into voice lessons and danced with a couple of colleagues in mind, they're helping me. But you know when her flea theatre comes up and running through to perform and um I don't think anything else has happened. I got a netflix account, I've been using it since May um experience an addiction so far. Yeah. I'm like going into the trend of everybody's like top shows because I think one of my friends wanted me to watch the show Shits Creek, which uh huh. I think they won. Yeah, I think they want to reward you get um for the actual, but Captain O'Hara, she's using a phenomenal actress. Um I really loved watching her. I mean, she hurt me coming. Is everything on the Net show? So I'm glad they turned me onto it and then Glee, which I actually, I'm just finishing up because I took a break. I guess when it started like way back when a lot of nice cold Cell. Yeah, those are like many things I've been doing. Um I didn't like sports exercising, which I've been trying to keep up with and yeah, What about you?
Why I did test briefly in high school before, like obviously during every vice production that was school at. Um But before that, like I would play tennis with my dad, but that's great that you play. I haven't played in so long. I sold my rackets and stuff and was saying, but it's been a while.
I think the one I guess, I think I struggle with is like um like switching, switching hands the fall, it's like obviously I'm right hand dominant, so it's easier to like, do they carry through and like from our hands side? But it's like when you have years and like, um I'm not feeling coordinated right now. However, my coaches, it took me a while, but I feel what you feel like, okay, just, just fix your form continue. But I was not no, I was I was not that school. I think as far as I ran into my team, I was maybe like 14 and then everybody else is like about for sure. Exactly
by tennis team was at the time. And yeah, our top like two people were obviously like the seniors because they got far ships suffer and so that was cool. Yeah. Rather
magnet.
Oh no, I was just saying um other than that I definitely miss it for sure.
Yeah. The only thing I think I would have to work on to help stamina because something I don't know,
I'm telling you, it's like, it's like you put your first like all your energy into those first three and it's like, okay, They don't have no one.
Which game? Because there's of course there's wizards unite Hogwarts mystery, which I put them both. Um And then I have
there I have their like keeping around like we're starting them up, I guess they have this one game that's similar to be jeweled, um which I just downloaded. That was new, but it's okay. I
like,
I've never, how do I not think about that,
but
Yeah, I think speaking at PS five as you were saying, remember they were watching news yesterday, shin that people are taking off their jobs.
but like the launch, like, that's almost as bad as like when the week came out and I was signed up, Look at midnight to get it. So yeah,
same thing with harry potter to like for the books, I was like the first one,
Oh, you read all the books or just nice,
what you
do about
that? I said, I'm still thinking about the books myself. Um of course, I saw the movies and then I saw the musical, which one of my friends
and it was really great how I did it. I mean if you miss off me it like For the lightning thief, like their their effects that they used especially like to the water effects of a person. It was like really interesting. Like they took like it was like 50 paper, but the way they like did it is like they took um I have to power techniques together and like they would like to shoot them out. Like I guess not like guns, but you know, I'm saying like confetti
And it was cool. I eat sequence. Okay. Well
yeah.
Until then this time you the bottle like he is yet because the music was everything. But I mean the story line, which I know I used to be a big fan of the Person Jackson series. You would uh huh
That's why I know you're based in new york. Have you seen any musicals yourself? I guess for cree covid? Yeah.
Nice. Yeah, I think my first yeah, definitely. What were you doing was like my first like Shakespeare not what I read in high school and then I don't think I've seen any like live theatrical productions, but I think we, I think through this series, I read the monkey's paw and then like saw it at the theater in D. C. Which is cool. Okay. It was like scary, like the way they, I don't think I'm like okay um a little bit. Okay. Uh huh. Will you? Yeah, that's my that's my extension. I think of a fixed fear. Like I haven't got into, I have a few friends that actually are well versed in it and have done several shows. But um that's not me. It's hard. Mhm. Like I think, you know that site? No fear Shakespeare. It's like one like when I was in high school and I was like, you know like my analysis especially for english, my teacher like would have us do like some reason stuff I would have to turn to that because I had no idea in the language
like he says doll, she says, okay, literally. I mean practical resource because definitely didn't definitely didn't. Mhm Right. Cross
group.
Oh no, sorry. I'm just, I was progressing my ear piece because I got this ear piece of people so I'm like, okay, please stay on. But
you
yeah, I haven't um
I'd like to, but I guess because I'm like still fucking netflix and like catching
up on
says I haven't
Yeah, but I don't see um and Turkey movies on that spectrum. I saw antebellum with Danielle jenni Monet and it was really good. Uh It was really powerful and I like the way she her character was very strong, it was like one of those like three realities one where she kind of, you kind of get like a past reality of like her being in slavery which technically isn't even though like the movie trailer makes you think she is. Um So it's cool as, and I watched it twice and this is definitely mhm. Yeah. What about you?
I have it.
okay
so it's like the main character, like a young character like how does like I guess they're storyline follow with that so
Yeah. Yes, definitely check that out like I mean I I haven't got into shows like that but it would be kind of interesting. I mean I don't know much about yourself so that would, I wouldn't get like student educated up to that point,
but
definitely
Yeah, that's the one game like I never got into as a kid because it's too complex for my, wow.
Yeah, I used to play checkers but then I was like carb loaded and I stopped liking,
Yeah, I'm a cards person. So if it's like, you know, little fish deeds, you know, solitary, I'm totally solid. Yeah, that
board game, it was not nothing for monopoly, but I don't know if people are to record my name.
we'll see my family.
Yes. Please don't buy park place before I buy please because I will bankrupt everybody literally. Oh, other than that, um what else are you been doing? Um, Berlin today?
Under pressure.
I'm gonna be going to get some wild earbuds, going to help me for exercising because it's so hard to choirs and um, I gave my dad one of my sex that I had. So that's gonna be it so far. I think since you know this covid times I've been really like more like a home body just home. I haven't seen any my friends, but I see them virtually. Um that's it so far. Like I don't, I'm just ready for you in the past. Well like, you know, be a lot more productive. Uh huh uh huh
And uh, and I may watch netflix, which will be later on in this again kind of comes to my mind. I made
uh, and I took a break after I finished Sorcerer's Stone. So um, I don't know if you like, I'm in the RPG move to like start new thing that I know it's gonna take a lot more longer than sources time. So. Yeah. Yeah.
I played on my we um
of course are are being few games. Um but I have like a make sure to like I have like every system in Nintendo except for that intend to switch. I'm going to get eventually.
True or old cyber monday to that. Me that maybe something but that's it. I don't think I have anything else as far as cycling poems when you can we're working on my dance because that I definitely have to do. And I also work with a personal trainer so I probably more than likely will be exercising at some point to give me a billion exercises complete and I just started it like um last week so you know here's the progress, you know be in shape and everything. Yeah.
Um Well the one dance I'm working with, my colleague of mine is valet, I haven't done about a couple of years, so uh definitely just, you know, learning basic
vocabulary and technique and everything and then like we'll start going into, you know, more choreography and everything, so that's gonna help me like get back in shape, but also like to get back to my roots of um performing and you know, just a lot of conditioning because I've definitely been slacking since being away from doing a show. I was on tour before the pandemic. It and I was traveling with the Children's professional Children's year and I was over in Oregon at the time, so like now I'm like, ok, I need to I need to relax and um you know, so just backing up. Mhm. Yeah. Yes,
I could not want to be my friend today. Oh, I said my computer does not want to be my friend today, looking like doing the most pop ups. Mhm. Mhm. Oh,
I don't have any big plans. Um Well, we'll be like the first, Well 2nd Thanksgiving will be home a museum in New York. I want my family over there. So yeah, I'm just gonna be cooking dinner my mom and um I don't really make like, because she does all that, how much it takes a lot of effort, but I make every like side dish imaginable because that's the easy part. Um you know, back, like all the desert something, so
there's some help. What about you?
That's right. Yeah.
Yeah. If that was me, I definitely would burn the turkey whether Michael.
Mhm. Yeah, it's a lot of effort. So like not making a whole lot in terms of the cooking side that is and Oh
yeah,
my voice is like continuously, like timing in the airport. I definitely will.
Yeah, that's, that's me every morning like, Okay, great. Especially when I had, like, I knew I had to work on my singing too, so okay, that's something like nothing, but I won't sing probably into like leader on today once, you know, things kind of clear up a bit for that.
I'm not just
for my old teacher, he's like giving me a couple of songs just to work on and I may add them to my audition book. But again, just like dance. I'm just focusing just on strengthening my voice since it's been rusty having thing since alive. So that was the last uh performance they had because I had cabaret on my birthday, which was like an outdoor cabaret and everything and that was the last time I was still really singing. So, um, yeah, I'm just, you know, back into so many things and what? Yeah.
Yeah. Likewise, I hope you have a great weekend
and
um it was great talking to you in meeting you. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, you
do.