What?
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm
Yeah,
I'm really a nice to meet you.
Yeah I did. I like, I think three times. Okay. Yeah.
That
Again I guess we all felt so my voice is kind of like groggy.
Same thing after like set an alarm because I was afraid I was gonna miss this.
Um From Rochester new york
um where are you from,
man
grow? Mhm
uh Oh I don't really keep up with the news and Rochester that much, but I think it's not okay, it's not like it's just like wear your masks stay six ft apart, don't just pretty normal. Yeah,
I got
how's Maryland going?
Work
Thanks.
I hope so.
And
mm imagine telling your kids about this. Okay.
Have you actually done the test as i
it's quite an experience
it's like
it doesn't hurt but it's like super uncomfortable. Mhm.
all
right it's like
Sweet. Mhm.
Uh Yeah I had to get it because I was going to college. Yeah.
Mhm
Um undecided but probably going on some kind of business track. Yes like that's like what a lot of people do when they don't know what together?
hello?
Oh like I want you to do graduate
I don't take that too. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Oh
University of Manchester Yeah
I think
what's the whole julie
all the same thing they like find a weird idea of like someone going to a different state dinner at school? Yeah mm
No I'm the same. Yeah. Um um What does something like hobbies?
I just like I think similar to you, I just played games but more PS four and stuff and once in a while um if I have the motivation I go to play tennis, try to keep up and shape. Uh but besides that it's just like watching random stuff on Youtube or netflix. Uh huh.
Okay. All right. It's like it's like could be taken like such like even when I take like three months breaks, I'm like such a newbie when I get back and mhm
yeah.
Uh
huh Oh I can go.
I mean she get back interview, it's pretty fun.
Yeah, I feel that it's like the first three shots, I'm right here and after that just goes down.
um so you said you're like a harry potter fit? Right? So I think there's like actually a new game in development for it, where it's like an RPG style Okay
room.
I
think it's hog words legacy. It's for the, I think ps five or just like yesterday expense.
Oh no, it was
pretty recent. It was like a month ago the trailer got released. That looks really dope. Like I'm not harry potter fan, but I think I would play it. Mhm
What? Oh,
this
on it. Uh I'm not going to harry potter as well. Not Prissy Jackson. I was a very sick passenger.
All
the
two
musicals.
Call, yeah,
Mm
hmm.
Yeah,
a solid, the local one in my area from my english teacher. It was based on like, there's a twist on like Romeo and Juliet, but it was like, I forgot the lottery if it's so bad. I think it was based on a gay couple, it was just like all modernized was pretty good. I was surprised because I never like seen it as like something I would go to. I enjoyed it.
yeah, that's why like I struggled was like understanding what it meant. Mhm
mhm hasn't
been outside.
have
you seen an initiate new shells recently?
yeah.
And
then
my sense.
um I recently finished the Queen's Gambit, have you ever held,
it's about this like orphan who is like a prodigy at chess. Yeah,
pretty good. Like despite not being understanding anything about chess, they explain it. It's like it's like seeing like, you know like um like a prodigy like they grew up in that fame and then you see them smile downwards a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah, she, she grows up to be, I think like 20 something. Yeah.
true.
I
think things that kids do not know what it's like. Yeah, awesome.
I know what I mean. Games like that. Like I really hate checkers so I don't think I would like chess.
me too. I played too passively. Yeah. Like you just like always had defense. I was like just end up losing.
Um
Obviously glove
monopoly.
Mhm. Planning my place just great. I'm planning to watch my economy actually. I just finished some work up. Yeah. I feel exciting. Mhm. How
much you?
Uh huh.
No.
do you play it on? Mhm.
No, he.
Hopefully black friday.
What kind of dance is it?
remember.
mm.
Mhm. Yeah. Do you have any plans for thanksgiving?
Fairness.
Uh I'll suffer this game sadly. Yeah, I just wanted to, but like I think no one, my family really wants to do it.
I can't handle cooking a turkey by myself.
Yeah. They say hard like managing like turkey, the side dishes and dessert.
Yeah.
Oh
uh no. My voice is like extra like horse today.
Oh, I was like, are you practicing fair show?
No.
Well, um, I think that 25 minutes have passed. Yeah. It was nice meeting you.
You
too.
Yeah.
Have a nice weekend to be safe. Mhm.
Yeah.
So yeah.