Mhm.
First I saw a little too excited and I thought oh no help.
get you adjusted. There we go. Can you see me? Okay
what's your name?
Oh I like that. I'm
Jody
Jody
is my mm
due to
what
is it? Yes and it's so
dark.
Yeah I was gonna switch the light on in here. Another light. I like light bright. Your what state are you in?
Oh and it's raining there too. All right.
All
yep it's coming.
I'm in michigan yeah.
You know growing up I mean we got so much no you could be up to the roof you know
it's like huge and then it went through this lull bird I would say
so 20 years no snow hardly little bit. But last year boy it went to what it used to be so will free. I think it's going back now to what it used to be. You
know
weird
how
when
when you get that much you do but you know you're so used to, well a lot of the people aren't used to that much because
we didn't have it for so long. But I drive where I did, I'm retired from that now but I drive for a living so
I can take a bus in peril park. It don't bother me any,
you
get these,
it was just just a natural, it was just there. I figured it out one day when I was young and it's like oh
I know, you know I'm retirement age almost not quite but and I still don't know what I want to do. Yeah. I don't know. So they always say and I was always told of course one was too late. You know find something that you love to do and you'll never have to work another day in your life. Yeah.
If you think about it, it is, see now I did child day care, I did was I ran into the, whenever everything was starting to change here, it wasn't school choice yet and there wasn't a lot of daycare. So you were kind of like wherever you live, if that's where your child went to school when they started, you better find daycare in that area or you better not work. So one another. And so I ended up quitting my job,
which
was a really good job in the daycare and 20 years my kids were raised in it and um I did regular daycare and group daycare. And the difference is licensing read the daycare is like um here anyway, you get a you get approved to do it. They were all out but a group that cares more like a school so they license you and license the home to buy those regulations and they you know they follow you more to make sure you're doing that. And I only did
that about three years
of the 20 because my kids were such different in age. Someone has a baby, then you've got a baby then a two year old and then all of a sudden there's an eight year old. Well this doesn't work and you know they're not interested at certain they have to be a group but I really loved it but after 20 years old ready to go back out in the workforce after my kids grew up. Yeah
that.
I got
grandkids and they're just worried Their own way kind of you know 16 year old grandson and Turkey boy. How much different than girls? You know? It's really are. But how about you any kids?
yeah.
Go
too. I do too. Oh
You know my daughter doesn't have any Children and you can't have any and um
she's not married or anything you can get that's what she wants to do but what kind of in the she lives with me and that's what we had talked about Austrian but I think that for me it would be so hard. I'm such a tender heart. I had a cousin that did that that for I don't know how come she got into it but she
didn't
have kids of her own either and she ended up doing foster care and she adopted three of them. They loved it because you know they came to christmas every I mean they were cool kids
let go not when they're older I mean but I mean letting them
go
when you know
they got to go back and they really shouldn't go back.
Well
and that's where I met with it because when I ran in daycare I would get I got one family, I got a few but I mean I got one where I'm just, she should have been taken away from their mom and I did get the dad come to me one day and just asked me would you testify? I said yeah I will because
I see that firsthand the little girl was quadriplegic so that
the
starting fires at their house. I mean it was a bed
but those kids always, they always seem to go back, they always get you know and then what would happen if you
adopt them and then they get their rights back. Oh my God you know I know. But
no. Yeah I guess there's organizations
that will help you about by you. But here there's something called there's a christian
singer. I can't think of his name but they will literally pay for an adoption if you will adopt them.
I can't think of who has my daughter went to his concert just before um
Covid hit and then uh there's also deafening
services I guess they'll pay for a lot of could.
Yeah but your average person like when you're you would be hard unless you're independently wealthy to be able.
We got me either. You know
if there's a will there's always a way
not the right time. Not you know, there's never a right time for anything really. It's just when
it feels
like yeah there's that
we're
looking
for.
All
All
No.
You needed more of a nursing degree or something? Yeah.
Gold
it. Yes.
Bird foster care. You couldn't but you know it'll come. Oh
no. Is
expensive by you?
Uh
Like that were to uh It's kind of a story I shouldn't be sharing but I don't think
you'll take honey based or not.
He had bought a house land contract and he was ready. Just I mean they approved him. His contract was going to be up in a couple months. They approved them. He was already to sign and covid head. Yeah.
You know the bank literally pull them and said you're not qualified anymore
with a single parent. Three kids. What's he gonna do? And he's I don't know what I'm gonna do. I can't afford to rent two boys and a girl
can't afford direct three clips me
even if they share our moon gentle. Oh my God. So I says you know what? I put up my condo and sold it. I had a mortgage for him granting I've never rented in my life maybe you know like 40 years ago. But
I right away when I was young, I just worked my entire life and my goal was on the home. But it's it's difficult because I just couldn't believe the bank could do that like
all
through sign.
I mean and it was like three days before and just pulled the plug on mortgages. Even for me with as many mortgages have had as I've had. It was tough
and a lot of hooks to qualify,
you know? But then by the time they're studying done because of what they pulled he ended up having to pay double closing costs because
he already paid him when he bought the land contract. I mean all
of
it.
I know it they just they got people and they're gonna do what they can do. It's all money their businesses. You know? Now I look at the housing market here in just
an example in six months I had just a little condo in Grand haven. It's a it's a popular boat in town but
they weren't big. I mean they were just little no
fancy thing. It shot up 40,006 months. Mhm.
Their instinctive I just lost $40,000. You know?
Isn't that insane? And these were condos that were selling for 100 when I sold mine. Yeah
It is and they hadn't gone up in the six years I lived there. They went from like 90 200 and a six year period. So
and now
houses here for just a little one just a little like well two bedroom but it's like one bedroom in the closet are going for 100 and 50 to 175,000 little 800 square feet. If you're it's 800 square feet. So
remember is it going to get better for people?
when
he came home
that's
the problem we'd increasing with it, yup.
People that can't I don't be forgiven for ones that are way up in the millions
dumpers.
Think they got it. Yeah
but for people
that can't I think it should be to I a group there are a few things that are going on or have gone on in the past where you could get some of it eliminated so what steps towards it you know? But not enough. I think this housing they
know it's
just the realtors
in the banks taking advantage if
yep they're banding together, the realtors abandoned together because I know people in real estate, it's like you've got so many crooked ones that are banding together to keep the price is high. It's like you know what what goes around comes around and smoother later, it will fall on.
You
got
it.
I know that's the scary part. I was even looking at um manufactured homes here and even there's one there's very few where they're on their own property here in Leicester all the country. But there was one
little place they call it a condo association but it wasn't it was a it's a trailer park but They always went for 60,000 with double garages the whole bit but they were older ones but in beautiful condition on cement the whole bit.
Yeah, really nice. They shot up in the last six months from now on 60 to 125 - 35. Yeah.
And I'm like, okay, you couldn't even get a loan for him before because they were considered a trailer small bank would touch them if they were. I think it was newer, older than 1998. Forget it. You
better cash. Well who's got 60,000 in cash now? They're mortgaging them and everything. It's like because I wanted to get in there for years because they're older but nice, you know? Well that's nothing we can do. But
at home it is nice. It's nice but it's upstairs and I hate,
you know, but we paid 1000 a month
and
I looked
disability so that doesn't leave much money, you know,
But
nothing you can do. We're looking at possibly moving. I like this place because I got a garage.
Wait until you got to walk across a parking lot. I don't care about walking. I hate rushing and cars off, especially that much snow.
Yes. Well, but I am kind of looking, You know, if I completed 300 hours plus a storage unit that I could get rid of it would so be worth it.
Well, I would say everything is in God's time because it's not in our time. That's for sure.
I'm
done.
He does, he does. I mean
he was done Really out of luck on that one and I've had my houses, I've had my young life. He's got to live his and his kids and yeah, can none of you guys can help what happened to the economy Look. And I used
to say
I was like 12 years old and I'd sit down town and I'd look at all them houses and back then they go for like 40,000 for these courts.
No. And I said, Oh, I'm just living in the wrong age era. You know, I got older and of course I was in the wrong era because I was young then, you know, everything changed and now look at it and say I'm right back where I was when I was 12. Yeah. But
no.
Yeah. It's only we knew today what, you
know, what's gonna happen. But so what do you go to school? Yeah.
Come on.
No.
Not
or
that's hard hide. The teacher with a computer and eye movement.
Now we do,
person that when I used to drive bust city bus and we picked up a special needs and there was a girl like that Murray was just a character just like or would you say Marie if you don't quit causing all this trouble, we're gonna push you all out there and you know, causing any trouble. She's just
but they can make a lot of difference in your life. Make you appreciate what you got
that.
That's true. Now do you work for an organization or how would you find someone? She doesn't need help while she'll always need help, But you know what?
How
are you?
In
my
country.
But awesome. Check that website out. I worked For the last six years. I know, you know um what I'm going to ask. I'm trying to get used to contact the last
one
much and I don't think I just got them yesterday with my glasses fog up because you got to wear. So
I thought I'm going to get contacts for when I go to work. We just gotta get figured out because I have a stigmatism and I need a bible ball and
you know, and I think I'm having a hard time with the close up because I'm on the computer like so I'm blinking but anyway, it's
like,
well I warm before, not for long, but yeah, first because your eyes are like okay, they don't like this and I got small actually hold them open. Yeah.
Uh
But so um I work in a part of the area, I'm out of the school anymore. The job I work at part time is made sandwiches restaurant. I'm in a cold area so you're hot and then your glasses are wrong, you know? So I wasn't wearing them. Well then I can't see him while I can see, but I can't good enough, you know? I got to do something. We're gonna try contacts. My,
my eyes changed for the first time in like eight years and we just bought new glasses last
year. Splurged and bought myself sunglasses Because I said, man, I eyes haven't changed for 8, 10, 8 to 10 years. I'm going
to
change
drastically. It's like, of course.
So,
but I don't know, have you ever done these video conferences before?
once and it was last week and I thought all nervous and I thought, I don't know. I probably shouldn't. You know? But
We probably got a few minutes yet. How is cold by you guys? Is it really running rampant now yet?
Do they know what is it like? Did school start or?
And they're not hurting themselves while they are. But I mean if they're hurting you if you get
too and I just I'm getting
to the point where I'll say to you know what, grow up quit rebelling on this stuff. It's not not like it, but in a lot too. And then, you know that's it.
well none of us want to. But I mean sometimes I look at it and I think I kind of feel like I'm wearing a like those black but or not this is the reason you know now they so they don't have any things in place where you stay at home or anything anymore.
She's
hot.
thank
you.
That's
not
by us they had this shelter in place. You even had to carry a thing to go to work or school
a paper but that has been over for a long time. But we still have I have to wear a mask everywhere And you have this a six ft
apart. You know the social distancing and most most everybody but wears a mask, you know what I can't figure out is little kids don't have to wear them. And
to me that would be the most important.
But
I think they should I can see a baby baby but you've always got them all covered up anyway with blankets but I would be so scared that they would get sick because there
it's not all over. Yeah my son just
got an email he's
been on my for this foot because he had surgery and I thank God he did that.
He was off and then um he got an email the other day. Two guys at his work came down with Covid. Well he's
been on
two weeks
and I think the incubation is two weeks so it would be safe. But he also had a test during it for his surgery and he tested,
you know. But his his where he works, the guy's an idiot. He puts up the monitor like you're supposed to at least here be not checked and written down and documented. He isn't doing that. He's telling the workers just make sure you check your temperature. He's not documenting temperatures. Anything
you could get busted on that. And and my son said from what his co workers have told him even though he's still on a for a while yet. But that they didn't even have professional cleaners come in after this covid thing then just said everybody sure you show up monday because of hippo we can't tell you who it is but you'll know they'll be gone.
We're not taking this thing cereal.
You don't ever know. I don't think I'll get sick but yet I don't know if I will or not. You know
what I mean? Doing caution but it still gets sick. It's just luck of the draw.
yep. I carry masks in a plastic day just in case. I don't know. One of the grandkids friends want to pop in the car and then they'll say oh I forgot my desk. Oh yeah I got one you know because you don't want to have to bring them home. You can't go anywhere. But we're lucky about people wearing yelling and complaining but they're wearing them.
I know I know. We want to make sure we do our minutes because they said if you're a minute or two moths then
What?
So
glad I got to meet you,
somebody
else you're famous and I see that scared. That's good. A wonderful day.
Bye. Bye.