Yeah yeah. Uh huh Right, mhm mhm Yeah cut Oh what? Hello? Yes,
I can hear you.
Can you hear me? Okay? Okay, awesome.
Yes I can. Yeah,
some cats short for Katherine.
Thanks.
What's up
jodi?
Well nice to meet you Jody.
Is
it morning where you are
from?
I know yeah, here too.
I live in Utah
well it's not raining but it's just getting really dark here in the mornings and pretty soon it's gonna be freezing. So yeah,
that starts going.
What about you? Where are you
so does it snow like a ton there in the winter?
my gosh.
he,
that's
because
that's
crazy. Do you just have to stay home when that happens? How can you even get
around?
Well
allow
Oh my gosh, that's
the,
that's the great skill to have
and That's great. I wish I wish something would click like that for me. I mean I have worked in the same field for about 10 years. I'm a caregiver, so I work supporting like adults with disabilities. So I've done that for about 10 years and I love it. I love it. It's a great job. But as far as the lifelong career, I'm like, I'm not sure what I want to do for the rest of my life.
it's true. Mhm.
Did you
speak?
what
it is?
So all
your kids are out doing their own thing now. Oh,
two.
No, I don't have any kids. I am 29, but I, yeah, I don't have any kids and I'm not married or anything right now, so I do love kids. I used to do babysitting before coronavirus uh
for a couple of different families and like younger kids like 3-5 year olds old.
There is such a fun age. I love kids that age.
Yeah, so, so I used to do that for a while eventually, I might want to foster Children or adopt Children if I can.
It's not
we
have.
So you
I
want,
well,
yeah, that would be so hard. I don't know
if I could handle that part of it because I would just want to adopt them all, I'm sure.
Well,
Oh, that's so
sad.
my gosh, No.
well,
An auction is such an expensive process to, from what I've heard
did not.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
These people,
wow, I've never heard of that, that's great.
no, I'm not,
no,
it's true, it's true and and part of me is just like waiting for the right time, but I'm like, when with the right time being.
which
creates.
Yeah. I always think like maybe in 5 to 10 years, I feel like that seems like a good range because right now, well for a few years I was living with my grandmother for for about
five
years, I lived with her
and helps like take care of her and everything and I just barely moved moved to a different situation because she
just ended up getting to the point that she needed like a lot more help than
I could give her. And I was working also and she was like falling, having falls all the time and mixing
up her medications and it was, she just needed like more support.
So, so we're still close and I still go visit her and we talk and everything. But I just moved from, I was living in Utah before, like in the Salt Lake area. So now I just live in a different part of the valley and I moved in with a
best friend of mine. So
it's pretty cool. But I don't like, I don't know if I could have kids in this living situation because I'm just like renting a room from her right now, but
yep,
good. Oh,
oh, not compared to like California, but it has shot up a lot like rentals and homes, it's really because a lot of people are moving to this area um so
they just keep building and building and in the night they're like more established neighborhoods, prices are really expensive. Yes, so
no,
I'm not going to
Yeah.
Oh my gosh,
well
possible.
no.
that's that's
horrible.
Well
But
well,
come on,
that's
not
right. Oh my gosh, what a room box?
Is the
Oh that is
what,
my gosh,
that's insane.
That's crazy how that can happen,
okay, do that
and
Oh my gosh,
I hope like you really have to hope because how can this keep increasing and people's wages aren't increasing, people aren't getting wealthier, but everything just keeps getting
more expensive.
It's not sustainable.
Well
yeah, well the debt to, especially the student debt like that, that doesn't seem like it's sustainable either. Like there's no way that this entire generation can even begin to pay that all off. Like I think it just needs to be forgiven like by the government, I hope it is at some point.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah,
definitely.
they can support it.
The only,
Group
of,
well,
yeah, they've got such a monopoly, they can just manipulate it. Mhm
yep, the bubble burst
but
it
doesn't affect all of us to negatively when it does.
It's
they can be really nice.
gosh. Mhm.
All
Do you think your place okay now that you're renting?
thank you.
that's
not
on.
You
hungry?
That is really nice. Especially for winter.
I would take a long time. Mhm. Uh huh.
Well I hope that you find something good. I hope it works out for you.
Yeah. Well I'm not sure that your son really appreciates what you've done for him.
His
family.
Whatever.
Over
the
my gosh. What
Well,
with more knowledge this time around.
What?
I don't go to school. I just work, I usually work four days a week. And so the person that I am taking care of right now, I've been working with her for about 3.5 years, I've known her for like five years now, so we know each other really well. Um But she's really sweet like we're about the same age and
she lives with her family, so I'll just go to her house and then because of covid like we have to kind of stay in because she's like medically
fragile or vulnerable. She's just she's in pretty good health. But you know, an illness could really like take her out. So we stay at home mostly or we just go like drive through and get a milkshake or something like that. But she's really sweet. The hardest part is that she's nonverbal so she doesn't talk or she doesn't do sign language or communicate in any way
besides just
the usual expression. That's it.
Yeah. She has had like one of like a really fancy machine before where she could select things with her eyes but she wasn't actually that interested in using it. And I think it's because
like she has all of her needs met so well already and like people like I've since I know her so well I feel like I can understand or like know what she wants and her mom, I mean her and her mom are like joined at the hip so when I don't know what I've seen her use the machine. There was like a technician that brought it by and he was pretty cute actually. He was like showing us how to use it. And she was just looking at him and smiling at him and laughing and he's like okay can you like look at this on the screen? And she was just like, hey cutie like looking at him. She Yeah. So.
I'm sure she was just laughing. That's awesome. Mhm. Swimming.
Mm hmm. Yeah. And she makes my life a lot happier because she is you know, despite not being able to communicate and despite everything she is like the happiest, most joyful person I know. So even if I'm having a bad day and I go to work and I see her right away, I'm just like smiling and laughing because of her. I tell her that all the time and like do you know how lucky I am, I just going to come here and like hang out with you and we just play games and have fun and then yeah, she was just too sweetheart
growth.
So I well I'm paid through the state but I just work directly for the family so the state will just a lot a certain amount of budget for caregiving a certain amount of hours. So I'm the only caregiver right now in the past there's been me and one other person. Um but just right now because of Covid they're trying to keep
it like really
small like it so um But yeah, I mean I'm planning on staying with her for as long as possible, but they posted a job on care dot com. I don't know if you've ever heard of that website, but there's like all kinds of different things like manning jobs or like special supporting people
with
special
needs or pet sitting, that kind of thing. So I was just looking on there one day and I had previously worked at a school that Tenley, that's the name of the person I take care of. I worked at a school that she went to. So I was on this website and I saw the job posting with her picture, I was like I know her like yeah.
I don't
know.
happens to me too.
Well
That's
hard to put in contacts. I've never tried them to just seem scary like poke it in your eye.
Oh
my gosh.
Well I hope that. Tax order. What?
Shit.
it's
on
at least.
no, she
noted.
I have done it one other time before this and it was like last week I talked to somebody else but that was the first time. So that have you done this before too?
huh. A lot of fun. Especially like during this time when we're like so isolated, it's kind of nice to just talk to somebody and get somebody else's point of view and so thanks for talking with me.
It really is like for a while cases were lower or seemed like they were going down, but for a few weeks now it's just been up over 1000 cases every day. So like even up to 1500 just in our like area.
well school started and also unfortunately there's like a lot of people here that are like anti maskers. It's pretty ridiculous. But there's a large area of people, especially like the county that's south of where I live. They don't even have any rules about masks and a lot of people won't wear them so they're just stupid. Like that's why it keeps going up, but
on earth.
martin.
Yeah, it's pretty basic. It's not hard to just wear it.
well, so in Salt
Lake
County where I live, there is a mask mandate, so it's required like in stores, some people still don't follow it, but our governor, our state governor, he's been so wishy washy. Like he'll make these announcements and be like, oh, we're on a color system, I'm changing it to orange danger level and I really hope everyone will do the right thing.
But then he just
doesn't, he doesn't make any rules. He just comes out and he's like, okay, you guys, let's all work together. But yeah, he's just very wishy washy.
How about
you? Is it blowing? Are the cases blowing up a lot there?
I don't know.
The
What?
Yeah, you would think so. I've heard that some kids that are young enough, they're like worried that it might suffocate them somehow or I don't know, that's what I've
heard. But I think as young as like four, they can wear them or should wear them.
No.
Well,
What?
What?
Where
he,
but
Home?
Well
mm. Oh my gosh.
No.
on
it really is. Yeah that's why you just got to stay as safe as possible and then just hope you don't get it.
Yeah. Well that's good. At least hopefully everyone will be sooner or later.
Oh yeah I think we've got it for sure because it's 25 so now we've now it's 32 minutes so we're definitely
yeah we've
definitely made it.
Yeah you too. It was so nice
talking to you daddy.
You to see. Yeah.