Morning.
Hi. I'm Katherine. Nice to meet you.
How's
it gotten?
I'm okay. Yeah.
Well, my third actually. Okay. Yeah.
Oh, that's cool.
I'm
in um East Coast Jersey.
for the war?
That's cool. Why are you there like are you from there?
Yeah. I just always been here. Yeah,
I'm in like central. So like I'm pretty, I'm close to either like the south side, like the more beachy areas or the city. Like, I'm wondering like right in the middle of Jersey, so that's sort of convenient in terms of cities. Like we have Newark, but like really anybody in Jersey would say our main cities, New york city. Yeah. Oh
No,
I used to go like at least once a year or something, but like now with Covid like I don't know like the other go for like another year or so.
Thank you.
Yeah. Nothing much. I have to work on a paper for a class, but that's really it. What about you?
Oh, it's from an intruder like political philosophy because I'm like majoring in economics and government, so it's like my interest got class. Mhm.
I'm a first area.
No,
I'm
online. I'm online. So like the online school is definitely weird. Yeah,
pretty much like I have zoom calls in the morning and then I just do my work like after school. Okay. Yeah.
Whoa.
I mean like I've had some conversations with my professors especially because we have like smaller classes, but it's still like sort of unnatural for the most part,
I
think.
Oh, you don't think so? Yeah,
I was gonna go out of state. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm studying that in economics so like I might drop one of my majors like later just for it to be more manageable. But right now I'm considering something either like law school, I'm gonna be like just something in business like finance or consulting. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm trying to, I mean, do you like accounting? Like how did that go?
What are you looking to go into now?
Yeah, I know the feeling, it's hard to like take a break because you get like, oh my God, is there something I should be doing?
I am. Yeah.
Yeah, luckily. Mm hmm.
Yeah, I've been here all my life.
Mhm. Yeah. So you said you were gonna like start a business, like what are you considering doing?
That's cool
problem.
Yeah. I mean do you regret like going into finance and not going like straight into that or not?
Yeah. How does the C. P. A. Work like do you get it and then you're done or what exactly do you have to do like after to keep it up?
Yeah, mm hmm. That's cool. I mean I knew what A C. P. A. Was. I just never really looked into it, you know?
I mean I guess I don't picture anything in particular. I mean right now I like the idea of like consulting because it's pretty wide and it's pretty expansive. So like there's a lot of avenues in that and I like problem solving and like data analytics so that that's a lot of places to go into that too.
I mean I know like a few firms like I felt like Mackenzie and you know BCG and all that. I'm like damn just to know nothing like how competitive there. I don't think I'd end up there just because like not even like the competition is so fierce but also like, I don't know if they cut their environment is worth like the money. I feel like I might be a little happier and a little less stressed like a lower form for like a boutique or something. But like maybe I'm not making as much money but I'm not like constantly at work like dying. You know what I mean? It's like that balance.
Yeah. I'm doing
someone.
Yeah. I agree with like the one year thing. Like I know some people who have been like um again not consulting but like similar like energy. Um I know some people who have been in investment banking like J. P. Morgan and stuff and just booked it after like a year.
Um I think I know a few people who wasn't what they expected but there's some people who I didn't explicitly tell me but I just the way they like left so suddenly it very much seemed like it was an orchestrated thing to like be there enough to put it on the resume and then just leave. Mhm.
huh.
I
don't think they regret it because of the experience. I think if they had to stay longer they would regret it but they were able to get out like that was you know I got an appropriate amount of time for them.
No.
Yeah, definitely. Um I go to school like that's more liberal arts so we don't have a finance program directly, although we have like certificates and stuff, but I know people who like major in finance and like a lot of the stereotypes are true.
they especially
little a little cut through it sometimes these days.
Yeah,
fine.
I would say it's pretty open, like I'm on track to take a few finance course is just not right now, like later years um We do have an open curriculum, which means we don't have any like required courses. I just do have to take a certain amount of credits like outside my major for like interdisciplinary well around this or something like that, some some marketing term. Um So right now I'm in economics, like my macro class. Um I got class and then I'm in an art history and not an italian course, just like get those like other areas certified,
Um It's a little weird, like it's not like a typical art history class, it's not like a survey. The professor just sort of brings up pieces like for more modern pieces and more modern errors that he likes and talks about it a lot and have it connects to like history and like race and gender and stuff like that. It's quite offbeat, much different than I expected. Yeah. Yeah.
I
don't
know.
Yeah, I think it depends on like where you take it and who you take it with. Mhm.
Mhm. Did you take any like weird fun courses in college?
Mhm.
It
doesn't matter.
Mhm. What about the ping pong class? What was that?
like
one
called
it? Yeah. Yeah,
Open
up.
No, I wouldn't, I would not assume. Yeah.
that's
what I was gonna say. I don't know if they would even award one credit for that.
Yeah.
No,
I'm
pretty
much done with it. Like I just have to edit like one section that I sort of like just Bs when I first wrote the draft that I want to make it better before I turn it in, you know what I mean? Because I have the time so I might as well.
Yeah, which is good. Yeah.
Some people are away, some people are here, so it's like a mix. Mhm. Mhm.
Be off.
Mhm. Well, I enjoyed our chat. Thank you.
That's
the major too.
good luck to you, too. Bye.