Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, you can. Yeah. Nobody. Yeah. Yeah. Mr mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right, mm. Yeah.
Mhm. Hello? Good
morning. Yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah. Let me close this out. A little tired.
Yeah. Yeah. He's yeah Virginia
so. Right.
Yeah. I missed 11 time. That was patently three times, but last one person didn't show up and then one time it was like six a.m. And I really shouldn't have
What?
which?
Well, it's
actually funnier though. Like I found when I was working a job and I woke up really early, I was good. And I actually, yeah, I actually prefer waking up earlier. The issue is with school and stuff because you procrastinate and something. You do everything late at night.
Hey.
All
were dealing with this. It's a one credit class, so it's not even taking for a great pass or fail. So you can continue with the course Called the infant 1 66 database fields. Well for some reason like Visa you screwed up a lot when it comes to like they're switching between canvas or blackboard and canvas. Which one y'all used. But well
this
uh like blackboard in canvas, they're the ones actually hold your like, you know, would you click on to be able to like see your classes?
Probably came probably canvas.
Canvas is what a lot of them are switching to and like this use the same. However, it's really funny. I had some master because they're like it's optional right? Like teachers during the switch over yet. So I had half my classes on blackboard, half my classes on canvas. Um But anyway like it's just like it's stupid and I waited way too long because I don't know why I decided not to really look at it. I was just like, yeah.
You know? But you know, because
they want
to have Yeah. So technically I passed it. But they need
like,
yeah, well they need a screenshot of it. Which I did that but supposedly got to hit a but like it's like you make sure your name shown. But it's like, it's literally just as high hunter up in the corner. It doesn't say like, you know my full name. And she's like, yeah, the grade will be out either late tonight or early the next morning. You'll get an email. No, I haven't gotten an email Just right on the line because you need an 80 or above and I got right at 80. Yeah,
It's what I'm doing for great. So it's like even though Yeah. But uh have you been able to get any internships or anything with your degree? Yeah.
I
We'll
give they should have it now said it or you can do it online.
my
What?
Well
I've heard like graduate school is a little different applying to than that normal college
or something
Yeah. Sup fuckers. Yeah.
You
want me?
What do you what do you want to do?
Okay.
So you
kind
of need a dark group?
Or
you know it's really funny because I had a friend that was doing it and he wasn't like a stereotypical psychology person, you know
like uh very in a straight narrow you know? Um But he was saying like a lot of people don't think about it but there's a lot of crossover with psychology and with marketing, advertising you're
getting
which is my major is marketing. Yeah
so I'm hoping so like the dream part is getting to radio. Ah I would like to do that. I have a friend that does boxing and he actually wants me kind of his coach slash manager because I give them good feedback. Maybe one day set up a boxing gym. That'd be really awesome. But that's you know.
Yeah
because
it's
fun
sport and like people don't understand like it's a lot more technical what you know a lot of people think it's not just like throwing massive haymakers but.
So
so
junior so I got
my associates from john Tyler did not help me. Worth a fuck. Uh huh. Um But I don't know if you know anything about community colleges.
Okay. Do you have a guaranteed admission
agreement?
So it's actually really cool. At least in Virginia. It's called like the V. C. CS system Virginia. Community college system. Um basically as all these different schools have agreements with each other and they have agreements with four years, pretty much whatever classes that you take. As long as it fits the criteria that will get you your first two years at a a main college. But in addition you're guaranteed to be to get the emissions as long as you meet the dates and you have the GPS requirements. Okay.
Help. Yeah
that's all the
typical.
What?
Most.
What I mean? That could still be the guarantee commission. So it's like you do have to have a GPS requirement classes do match but it's pretty much you have those requirements you know it's good. It doesn't matter if you like write in the letter like I hate all of you and they kind of expect, you know, I assume.
Yeah right. My favorite though is like I've talked to people because I used to work at the gym and john Tyler easy the job will ever have and I miss it
because like you literally had you made it even simpler. So like our job was, you know, we had a just a desk and we had like these liability waivers and then we also had this big ass fucking sheet where people would just sign it date name student I. D. Number like one or two other like time in time out right? And then my boss come to find out the end of the first ones. Like hey Hunter put all those names in Excel spreadsheet for me. So I was basically data entry. I'd have to go. It was 104 names and all the information. Mhm. Well they had had the gym moving for two or three years. Well they had a gym open for a very long time actually since the school was opened. But I'm like the tutoring center, you have a database where you can really just put in some of his last name and they're all their information comes up. So I got them to bring it over to the gym. So all I did was basically like make sure you sign in, make sure people weren't being complete fools. I do my homework, work out whatever.
Yeah I think I got $50 an hour. I mean you know what I'm saying? I'm sitting there doing nothing I can talk with people.
I
actually
recently got a job at Publix. Yeah.
Oh I don't work there anymore. Um
Well if you're going to work at Publix
right? It's a good company to work for. Little cultish you know it's like we value the customer you know my place you know that? Yeah
well they got that from
Chick fil.
I asked my manager
about that, that's where
they stole it from. But um they got like so many rules like like the amount of training you do like talking about how like you're you you were part owners of the company and shit like that. Yeah so here's the thing right we're gonna do it. Don't do deli
control.
Yeah I mean so if you're a manager you should know. Um But
we were very adamant so basically with those slicers we have to clean it every four hours. Which sucks when you only have three of them and they're all being used and people are coming in by the droves
and also it's a pretty nasty job. Like you're, it's meat juice everywhere, you know? It's like, it's the worst the part that actually was that I actually enjoyed. If I could guarantee that that was all I was doing, I may have stayed, we're frying the chicken. Actually. It was really funny that like all the guys referred frying chicken, all the girls before we're doing like the standard belly stuff kind of falling.
But
we
would like mm
Yeah, I mean, I guess technically is less messy uh
During the Yeah, because you're getting flour everywhere. You're kidding. I mean it's still meet you sure you wanna drink blood and shit,
but
it's nice to be able to take your mask off and just listen to music, like it's pretty mindless, you know? Whereas like it's a lot more shit, but at Publix they don't really fire people unless you fuck up. Pretty bad at least because it's like they need bodies like they can't keep enough people in the store. Like generally like I remember my first night I was going to continue training and learn how to use a slight. So they're like listen you gotta go do dishes because that's what they knew that I knew how to do that like what it was because four people called out, right? So like they just I mean they I got paid pretty good, you know 13 an hour. But you know it fuck that job. I don't like kitchens mm I'm talking for myself but uh I don't like dealing with the chip and also like the more you work in the food service industry, the less you want to go out to restaurants and eat. Yeah. Oh.
Because he was interesting. I will say my first job was at an italian restaurant and they didn't play with food safety because they're from new york and
in new
york they put, I don't know if you know it's actually put whatever grade that you get from the food safety inspector on your fucking door.
I've never noticed that. I don't know if it, I assume it was something that you would easily see, right?
Maybe I haven't seen it, but I think Virginia don't give a fuck, I don't care. Um But I started doing door dash. How's everybody doing Door dash? Like not the ideal situation. I want to try to find an internship or something your line me up for the future, but yeah.
Where
are you up there?
But
Was
she attractive?
That's just like
really a part of me makes like part of me. I feel like a really easy job though.
You
know
what about like being a food safety inspector? Your name schooling that. But it's
like
no I had a friend that he worked at psalms which is like a korean place near here and like my friend he's asian but he's like he had a really deep voice and he's tall. He's very like honestly like a lot of people like um
are saying like yeah you should be a model or something. And a lot of girls he gets really mad. They're like oh my God you look like this K pop star. It's fucking truth. But
but he was like um he literally got fired because he wouldn't smile enough. Yeah. They were like, because they told a couple of times like how you greet the car from ready to smile and he just wouldn't,
you got a hard for that. Yeah,
But
so yeah.
Yeah, and that's why I like a lot of girls were trying to come up to it, but it was just like, they would always say something about him being asian or piss them off. But he was like, I used to make fun of him as he would dress up like in the stereotypical black hoodie, pulled a little tighter, you know?
Yeah, that's He even got even dyed his hair blonde one time.
Oh.
The
There's actually a lot of us have a bunch of pomade. I literally just out of the shower and I don't give a crap about how I look right now.
Generally
I put bombing.
It's
like, I
looked like a very businessman haircut, like the classic, but I've looked at like there's tons of asian products that do really good in their hair, I'm looking a little jealous,
but
yeah, yeah, it's like, overall
that their hair strands are thin from my understanding, there's a lot
of it,
yeah, um but like a lot of styles look really good, like Gatsby, I think it's Gatsby is one that I always wanted to try bitch wouldn't work, I don't think it would work in my hair. It's funny, like I have a thick, wavy, if not even curly hair, like if I take everything out, like it gets like curls and shit. Um
and
so like the logical thing when it comes to pomade is go the heavier products, you're forcing it to be straight, right? What I felt, what I figured out is sometimes you just pure oil or a little bit of oil and a little bit of a very delight pomade work further because you you also get the waves in it going back. Yeah.
Um So I mean they may have more curls than I do like my hair, like if it was fully degrees, you can see it, like it kind of curling up, but basically
my,
what do you say?
Yeah. Yeah, so like if I put it actually shampooed it, it's like for you really don't need a shampoo much, especially when you're putting you're putting on the nourishment and it uh it fully degrees that it actually will, like, I sleep on it like that. Um But like even there's some products, like I have a curling product that's just pure hydration and it will instantly curl up because of that at the same time. Like water. Um Well completely frightened. Well it'll make it like, you'll see waves in it. But. Uh huh. I will say though like it's really funny though. Some of the heavier pomade, what ends up happening is they start off really really strong and like they do stay in the hair but my hair watching end up absorbing everything because it's, my hair is not dry but it
up.
No, no no. So promenade is oil based. Generally the water based oil based, so the water based is more similar to like what you think of as a gel, it'll kind of helmet head up a little bit. Now you do have these things called Unorthodox water Base which they act more like an oil based bombing. Which that old school look right,
but they wash out a lot easier. Then you have standard oil base um which that's what I like using because honestly they're not the worst thing out of the hair. You can use different products, but like an oil based is, it doesn't matter what time of the day, you should be able to take a comb to it and like fix it a little bit,
I'll just still be smooth, you can't really run your hands through it or anything, you know, if that makes any sense
because it
and also
like the longer you're Harrogate psych, you played by different rules, you know what I'm saying? Like how you do, certain things will change a little bit, you know what I'm saying?
long as I ever had it. Oh yeah,
it's not even straight right now, so
Supreme. What is people? Yeah,
if it had a little bit more water in, it was like fully flat, you can, it would do the full length
thing,
Right? Yeah, that's, I'm just going it out. I kind of regret shaving my beer, I was like throwing the soul passion uh the other day and I was tired, I just didn't really care, took a little too much. I was like, well I can't deal with that gene thing, so I'm going to bring that back and hoping how are we even longer, But
Yeah, like from, I'm sharing, like cutting girls hair and expensive is out.
that
throw
a lot of guys, they don't give a shit, they just go for the balls, cut, you know what I'm saying or for hair? Um A lot of guys styles that really comes down with the fade, however, I've actually got a few little bumps on the side of my head and I think it's because she didn't clean her clippers properly, it was like, let me just, you know, I got a coupon for great clips, however, I do not anymore, you should be like, yeah, just like, clean it up a little bit, you know, just take off a little with the split ends fucking inches off and
I'm shit because it takes a long time for me to grow my hair out. Like this will be like out here very quickly, this because it's, it's so thick, so I get more of the white man's afro, like it's not really curl, you know, whatever, it just piles and piles and pile,
it takes a
long time for it to grow out. Um
They will take inches off and like, I'll go to like, you know supposedly old school barbershops and I'm like, yeah, give me this like this is an old school haircut. How like how the fuck do you think I'm going to get the be able to properly do it if it's not long enough, I don't believe like 2" on top or even shorter what? So I just don't even have to touch it. Um But the place I've been going is actually pretty good, like they fade up everything how I like. Mhm.
Um And then
I used to get a black barbershop sometimes if people say, oh they're cutting hair really good.
Well I had two times without saying anything. They cut and a shave my widow's peak
or like, you know, you can't really line up white people's hair because it's soft so they'd be like, like and so then I just have baby hairs and I can't do anything with them like motherfucker and that is like a lot of them just want cash. So I was like, I don't,
you know.
Cook.
It was funny though. Like I'd walk in and like some of these places were in bad areas, I just didn't give a shit. I just want to get my hair cut and everybody would turn and see me. I'd be the only white person in there. Well, you know like I am, let me get my haircut. You know, paying pay cash. It's all green. But I start talking to people Dominicans a really good job. It's just you can't you know like they dictate whether or not you can talk to them or not. You know, we start talking about shit. Although luckily I'm not into sports at all really when it comes to I want to like mm A in boxing. What we, most guys are willing to talk about that, even though they know nothing about it. Is
it, is there staring?
You typically masculine?
You know, look, I used to joke like me and my body would go out to bars and we would hear like the football people screaming and kind of like, there's cocky moments of like, I don't know, I guess with a lot of sports is like, people watch them, but they'll never be able to do them. But when you can actually lace up gloves and throw hands, you know what I'm saying? Like?
I mean,
there's
no
there's absolutely
no
horrible. So basically you can Tatton. Okay, so you can punch anywhere from the waist up. Number one shots, nothing below the belt, you know, nothing to the legs. Um but there's a lot of, like, very specific rules and to be fair that when you get to the pro level versus amateurs, um, there are a lot less loose with the rules, You can kind of strong arm people a little bit more like, they don't tolerate certain things. Like, you can't hit somebody to the back of the head, you can't do that. Mm me either. Um, it's very dangerous. Uh, what new, new gloves? You can't do it with the old school gloves. You could um, I gouge, like ever, if you ever look at, like, old old boxing gloves, their thumbs are pretty much no padding. Uh uh huh
now and mm A right, They don't punch nearly as good as boxers because that's all the boxers do. And so, I mean, even there,
what,
nobody's dying, the UFC, a lot of people have died in boxing. So, the, I mean I already argue about what's more hardcore. Um They're the most amount of time you'll ever be in M. M. A. Ring is 25 minutes. You know five round. Generally most most fights are 15 minutes, right? Boxing? Um
most of them are 10 3 minute or most. So like if you're a low level, I mean you go up but like your average boxing match is 30 minutes And then you get an extra two rounds, so it's 36 minutes. Um Usually even longer, but That ended like in the 80s because the guy died, it didn't really, you know,
so a lot of the injuries look more gruesome and Emma because you can kick some stuff like that. But.
Well the thing is they're getting punched in the face a lot more in boxing,
you
know
I
mean
and
like you're you're not supposed to fight for a while after. Um because it's pretty much you're getting a concussion, apparently it's not painful, you just go to sleep. Um
Something that used to do, they don't do it anymore, but knockout salts they used in the old school days, they put like, ammonia nitrate I think is, and put that under your nose and I'd wake you up, but you're not supposed to do that because your brain is supposed to, you gotta give it time. Um But the the blood thing, I mean, there's after their boxing matches that are absolute bloodbath, especially about the old to ones, like there's pictures, there's a picture out there. Uh
I got you pull it up and show you okay because somebody actually colorized. It's from like the cassie back in the day. We used to not have ramps or like they would have rounds, but they wouldn't, there wasn't a set limit
search box.
Yeah. It would like go to knock out until somebody gives up from exhaustion, which is brutal. Mhm. Mhm. Okay.
Yeah. That comes from a lot of times wrestling because you like your Yeah. What that generally is is um yeah, if you're with somebody and your electronic rip them, your ears just constantly pressed up against them and
then the stunt movement, it's just your ear filling with blood. Okay. But it's pretty ugly. Well ultimately if you get punched
in the year, don't do it. Um
Let me see. So I can't remember how many rounds this was, but that's one picture. I think there was actually something rewards.
I don't know if
you
who.
And I've seen pictures of it being colorized, where it's actually even worse. Very hard to tell with certain old school photographs, but
here is the original,
but um, yeah, I mean crazy how things change with it. Um Although what's interesting is most of the time you don't get your injuries from inside the ring, a lot of from very hard sparring. So like
people
hurry,
what do you say,
Um Yes and no, I mean a small little cut can look absolutely horrifying, but I mean there's stuff where people get their lips ripped off, not lip, like, like a chunk will flow out or here. Yeah. Um
I mean it could be either one. yeah, punches can absolutely do that. A
lot
of government
they all get vastly put on their face beforehand and because, because especially around here is where you're really prone to
getting cut because your skin super thin and so everybody is like, you know, boxing their gloves have more padding. That's true. But what people don't realize is, would you rather get hit with with, with very little patty, right? Or get hit with a sandbag with a little bit of pack? Is your boxing gloves do and wrapped do Is that it's turning this into a weapon that you can hit even harder with? No. And so like that's the one big argument between Emma and you know, whatever. Mm It's having a lot of issues with my folks now, you know, they don't, they don't shoot them out, but they do like this and then kind of because they have open gloves and like you now, boxers wouldn't like they would never allow that with boxers because boxes are accurate enough. That if they really wanted to, they could just go kink real quick and quick your eyes. It would be very dirty. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean modern boxing gloves, you can open your hand a little bit and like put words and stuff like that, but it's really you can't do.
it's
it's mainly for protecting the hand from breaking because it's like a ton of little bones in here. Um You know also it's easier to make sure that nothing is in the hands and that you're not opening your fingers, but it's mainly for protection and to make it actually had a hunger
and like if you do it right, it makes sense because with weight classes you actually get heavier gloves, like
happy with news. 12 ounce clubs which are a pound each.
and weight classes. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. You have a champion of that weight class.
No, no, early early UFC, they didn't have weight classes, but pretty quickly, like that's not good, you know what I'm saying? Like? Okay,
yeah, yeah, especially with Emma because it's um a lot of its strength based symptoms under wrestling and stuff like that. Um But even like boxing, I mean, people forget boxing used to heavily rely on wrestling and still does in some ways, you know, like if you get someone into the clinch like Roberto Duran, he was very good, you know, he'll grab you like you've got your gloves on, right,
he would grab your glove and hold it here so you cant hit him, but he's right here, Ding, Ding ting ting. So there's a lot of uh Russian
and size is very important, but also because you can hit harder, you do more. Um But a lot of the weight classes, personally, I think you should have to be able to make weight a few,
like an hour before the match, but nowadays it's like a day and a half. So people, what they'll do is they'll cut mass amounts of weight, that's not their natural weight, just so they can fight smaller people, however.
Hm.
Thanks.
Yeah, because you dehydrate completely and like these guys look awful and then they'll rehydrate and I know that it's been shown that it's actually really bad for the body and it's really bad for your brain because when
we were super dehydrated your the fluid that goes around your brain gets your post actually, your
problem
starts putting fluid in your brain to make up for the hydration laws and that fluid is actually less is actually more viscous, so it moves your brain a little bit more. So when you're getting punched you're getting kicked, it's going to hit the back of your head more. What's
that
called?
it's
wild.
Like it's very clear in boxing the heaviest punchers in the heavyweight division and they have the least rate of CTE because they don't have to cut weight. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Like this is observable science stuff like that, It's
pretty interesting.
Money money. We're open
from two. Oh
yeah. I mean that's why anybody does anything, it's kind of sad.
Although
what's interesting is they started to come out with this new sport called bare knuckle boxing where they just do hand wraps and it goes about how how do you think you would go? So the people's faces get destroyed. There's blood everywhere because you know, it's really knuckle on
skin.
However, it's the fights last don't last as long and it's probably safer in the long run in terms of brain health. Um
but I just find it really funny though, like the entire reason boxing gloves come about like the 1800s because boxing used to be the poor man's sport, you know, he will
be
on
the street
and
like when rich people wanted to do what they want to protect their hands and they came up with clubs and shit, but that people don't realize that a lot of your Eastern martial arts um versus
Western martial arts, a lot of your Eastern martial arts, they never sparred. It was all the katanas and stuff like that. So I'm sure to see more stuff like my type is very, very effective, you know, everybody being a mix Brazilian jiu jitsu, very very effective, you know? But a lot of your original ones that karate taekwondo unless they specialize for olympic level stuff, it's really not, you know? Or uh who was that guy? Taquito? It was the 80s, like action star,
No,
80s, they were like teaching cops, karate and showed that like it's just not practical stuff. Yeah, but
I don't know if you've ever wanted to learn how to fight or anything or
well I think jiu jitsu would be pretty good. I get
lot of girls, a
lot of people like jiu jitsu because they're not getting punched in the face.
it
that's
but
what's up?
But
and it's amazing exercise.
No
punching ball your
yeah, Or like go to a gym.
like jiu jitsu would be fun to learn. Um
mm I think there's a lot of practicality of that, but wow.
y'all did y'all do a lot of carter's
thank you.
Yeah, that's same thing with taekwondo? Mm hmm.
but did you all do the stances? Yeah.
I mean it's the same thing with those damn monks. Like they look awesome. One of those feet to look awesome. But it's like, that's great. You're fighting wooden boards, but you're, you're fighting people, they're gonna be throwing shit back at you. Like, um
really had certain things that don't work, especially when you deal with skilled opponents. Like mike Tyson is a very famous quote, Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face. Um it's
just really interesting to see the philosophy differences. But yeah,
coming around,
And that's actually one of my things that I don't like a lot of new school boxing, how it's taught. Um and my friend agrees with me, uh is boxing is not the art of punching, It's the art of positioning. So if you ever watch a really
good boxer, a lot of their footwork looks very beautiful, like Muhammad, ali, Sugar Ray Leonard, They and number of others actually took ballet classes,
It's
a lot of its footwork. And so if you, because you can position to somebody where they can't see what the punches are coming and you're not getting hit, you know, um, what is this famous saying in boxing? It's like, you know, basically hit and not be hit, you know, it's a game of inches that really matters a lot. And so a lot of new school boxing there are flat footed and like they do in Philly shell and they kind of just not really the kind of just stand there unless they're very high level and that's not how now, what actually is pretty badass, my friends coach, uh, he's actually leaving there, but he's still friends with him. Um Coach Freddie trained alongside a guy named
CASS tomato,
but you probably don't know who that is.
However, that's the person who trained Mike Tyson who
was like, they're actually coming out with a movie about mike. Tyson should be soon played by Jamie Foxx because the storage really, really fascinating. Um like actually reading up about it. Mhm. But basically that peekaboo style, there's not many people that can teach it. That's one technique or one style boxing and there's not many people around their left, you know? So my
friend
actually
looks
like a mini
mike Tyson. That's pretty cool.
Yeah. Um
But yeah, what have you been doing in terms of hobbies and such?
Hello
and
The
yeah, I want to improve in that and that just come to practice. I want to cry.
Yeah I've
just been
dealing
with four.
yeah now
I want to I just was so worried about like messing it up and then start building these now time.
Mhm. You would be surprised like the model. Oh there we go. And like people get yeah talk about like addictions. Some people get oh my and like they're very particular like people will modify, we'll cut off pieces of plastic and make it more historically accurate. You know like going through. I mean it's actually kind of fascinating like some of the people like the coolest things I've seen done with models is um people would take cotton balls, pull them apart, give a little bit of a smoke finish to them and then put like an L. E. D. Inside of it and put that through the tank Canada it looks like it's firing.
I've seen people playing around with resin and uh like it'll make it look like waves are crashing and everything else.
looks like a picture of history that was just taken and just everything stopped for that moment. Well
Hello.
And and of course they haven't sent my email about if I passed or not.
I'm
getting for
her.
It's like come on man
the
teacher
Jack.
No no because it's basically just answer these few chapters and
thanks.
allegedly.
Yeah this class was literally just like do the assignments on Microsoft access. Which I know. Have you ever had to deal with that?
It sucks. It's a database
system. But like nobody uses it because like when you start
getting on like really long codes and stuff like that. It uh it it fucks up a lot. Like it's not very stable. It's like no company really uses it, but it's like Corey search, it's just awful.
Which XPS.
Yeah. Do you know of any other sites good for making money? Because like I'm not beer money's on dominant, but or between
consistent unless on the weekends there's hardly anything. It seems like.
Acorn
by
them.
Yeah. I mean there's a few others, but a lot of them just feel like a waste of time compared to this I
guess.
beer money um on a Reddit basically. It's just a
writer.
Yeah. There was one I used to do like, I think game G. Or something. It was just like so much of a waste of time. I don't get people that could be moderators, like on websites and stuff like Reddit or on
like,
like that's all you do all day long, like you don't even get, I don't
know, twitch moderate yeah, let me google that actually
can
no twitch twitch moderators may or may not be paid by the channels. They moderate for some larger channels do pay their moderators usually their top or most active ones, while others may send out gifts for birthdays and holidays I think. Okay.
is interesting because it makes some sense and it's like I'm not getting paid, but I'm one of the chosen ones, so now I have more power.
well what's really interesting is um I haven't checked on it recently, but there is a moderator on Reddit something something Maxwell and a huge conspiracy theory um
but basically, you know, Gillian Maxwell Epstein thing, Oh
yeah, like she was the moderator Deadly pocket, the moderator of like eight of the largest subreddit and then read it went through and like anything that was talking about like Children, but she commented on which has disappeared overnight has been are correct some of the stuff yeah
from
yep, yeah she ran one of the yeah, is it, you know it's possible she ran some of the biggest, I won't even come up on reddit now if I just type enjoying Maxwell read it, Yeah, coming up,
the
first one was literally
just
news articles Okay max well Hill Mhm Oh yeah, you can see it coincides with she, nothing is imposed on the accounts and she went into jail are
could be, I mean
yeah, it's not me
like hey what's up?
please.
Mhm But it's just interesting our
huge family
isn't very doesn't really matters
I don't
know.
I'm
sorry.
Thank
you.
Exactly. Yeah. Some people they just I'm tired right now, so I'm not like operating on full.
Cool. Thank you. Thank you.
Nice to meet you. What?
Well, I hope you have a good day.
Good luck.
Good luck with your graduate program. So.
Thank
you.
I appreciate that.
Thank
you.
There's
this.