Hi,
can you hear
Yeah it's nine AM. For me. I don't know if we're on the same time zone or not.
Yeah.
Yeah Georgia. So I woke up approximately 30 minutes ago so like I got some coffee you like scrambling about? Yeah my paralympic survey.
I know I used to I literally used to like click all of
like six a.m. Like seven a.m. Even though I knew like it's not a good idea. six a.m. Is hard Like it's really hard for me to wake up early like that. Like even if I do have things to do it's like I have to say like 15 alarms and if it's not like a job or anything like that it's like
even then I like convinced myself like no you should sleep in that's
fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's a good point. I
I would often like I just graduated from college and
I had like a bunch of 8:00. AM. And whenever they would come around I would always just be like it's just a class like they're not taking attendance, I can skip it. It's like with the job it's like you need to show up or you get fired. You know like but there was a lot less consequence not showing up for school and I think like the less consequences I have not showing up less likely I am to show up so. Mhm
What what
what what is it called?
Oh I used I think I use blackboard in like high school or something. I remember maybe that was when I went to the text school. We use blackboard, we used something else. I went to kennesaw State University and they used something totally different. But.
Uh maybe I, I honestly can't remember now.
don't
worry
about it.
Path
was passing,
I'm passing his crossing so
not yet. So I was actually planning on going to grad school back in like the spring. So I graduated last december
And I was gonna go to graduate school like look at look at um colleges. But I had to take the Jerry 1st. So when I signed up for it, I was just thinking in february, well, Covid happened and like back in february, I wasn't quite ready to take it. So I actually, I shouldn't have done this. I pushed it back until it was like april, I think it was like the next time take it. And I was like, that's fine. You know, I'll just apply for like false my squares and stuff. And so I push it back and then Covid happened and all the testing centers closed down and they were like, you can't take it
and I was like
So they do um I don't test very well though, so I actually like, you have to
have like a set up and it is like a proctor thing where somebody like watches you the whole time and I don't work very well under like that kind of pressure I guess like
having somebody like watching me the whole time like doing a test. Like I'm already really bad like with time management and things like that, like I'm I'm not good. So having somebody watch me, I'm like uh like I can't do it. That was probably my biggest weakness when it comes to like testing and things. Um So I wanted to do it in person if I could like, I could have done it online, but I was like um unfortunate enough to live at home, so like I don't have any like bills to pay or anything like that, so when it came to like a job, I didn't have to worry about it. Um So what really wasn't an issue, just like pushing it back. I just haven't been doing anything for like the longest time. And then um I finally got to take it in october just now. They had testing centers open and they were pretty like safe about it. So I went and took it and I sent out my scores to the colleges
and I won't, and I've gotten like an email from a couple of them, but I haven't officially like submitted my admissions yet. Apparently sure because it's like halfway into november now and it's like I have no reason not to. Uh huh
they
like will call you in for an interview and stuff, which is a little stressful.
exactly, like
I'm
going to show up and be like, please, like what it's like, do I beg do I act alu
uh it's a code,
so
I'm
gonna,
yeah, so you can get a Master's or doctorate depending on, you know what you go to school for. Um I actually have like a couple of different kinds of like interests and majors. The problem is, I feel like I kind of have to go to grad school because with a psych degree, there's not much you can do other than apply for jobs that are like, we prefer a degree or you go for something like human resources or whatever,
so.
I know, I know, it's me,
I actually
considered that too. Oh.
Oh, cool. Oh
I mean that'd be really cool.
Oh
man,
you were
crazy.
How are you in your in college right now? So
what
year are you in?
But
um yeah, I went to one for my first two years
and then what happened?
I don't think so.
Oh,
I
don't
think we have that matter or if we do, I'd be real mad. Uh we were
I did take like core
classes because first of all insanely cheaper doing it that way. But um there was like a whole process where I had to meet with like an advisor and figure out like if the classes that I was taking was good enough and then it wasn't like a guaranteed admissions it was like I had to apply and have a certain G. P. A. To be accepted so.
You have to accept me.
No.
Oh that's nice.
Yeah that's nice. I've had like you know jobs here and there were like some of them. It's funny when you get a job that pays more and you end up just working less for it. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Oh how do you like working there? I've heard.
it's very time
you can.
it like like chick fil a or something like that with her? Like my pleasure and
thank
you.
Your
neck.
So
it's funny that you say that because I actually worked with a guy at a restaurant who worked in the deli at Publix and he got fired and he claimed it was for a dumb reason. I don't know the whole story. He could have been like just bluffing it or whatever, but he didn't sanitize like something correctly or whatever and he was like a manager and they just straight fired him like no warning.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I got
Probably
last
Matthew.
Is it like probably less messy or? Mm.
Mhm.
If,
yeah, I mean, no matter what.
Yeah I worked at a, you know, think of like the most stereotypical like mom and dad owned chinese restaurant that you can I worked there and some of the practices we appreciate. E not gonna lie, mm
How
long?
Yeah they do that here in Georgia to like, you know, you have to display it, do they not do that in Virginia?
Yeah, I mean like you can go through a drive through here and like they'll have like they're like things like posting in the drive through or it has it's like clearly seen from the inside, like they have to display it somewhere.
that's good. Good
thing.
I would have, I would never trust those um Food safety things anyway because my restaurant got 100 every time you want to know how that worked. I don't know how they did that, even though we would pull out egg rolls, they have mold on them and my boss would be like throw them in the fryer, those disinfect and I'm like no. Um so we had
a woman come in who was our health inspector, that's not tom and my manager was very charismatic dude, like very naturally flirty. Um and it would always be like the same woman who would pop in to check on them and he would just play her like a fiddle, just compliments how you doing sweetheart, like free food hundreds every single time. I feel like, oh my God,
what?
And like we definitely weren't. I mean you could walk into the kitchen and there would be obvious like health hazards like we used to, so my boss, you know, props to her, she would like handful like wontons and like she'd make egg rolls and crab Rangoon herself and stuff in the back. But like she used to set the tray on top of the trash like as she was doing it or like we used the same rags to clean the floor as we did, like cleaning the dishes with soap in the sink, like gross, right? Like there's no way the health inspector showed up and was like this is definitely 100 like there's just that way, it's not when I see them, I'm always like maybe they have a really charismatic manager, you know? Mm
it's really bad. Right,
Honestly I worked there, I
got
to dropping out.
they've
been working in chinese restaurant was like pretty easy.
Mhm,
I was really?
why
just
one mile?
Yeah. All right. He was going for that like, you know, dark and mysterious look.
Oh yeah, like do you like dude, you look like a pop star?
Are you for real? Oh man, that's definitely like a Yeah, yeah,
my my first boyfriend was asian chinese actually and that's how I ended up getting the job of the asian Russian. I was actually his family that I worked for. Yeah. And um he always used to be like all about like him and his older brother, they would they would like fuss over there looks like all the time. And so I saw him go through like 5000 different hairstyles and one time he did get like a k pop looking like hair spiked up,
like tips like for us, the tips kind of thing going on and I was like no, does not look good. Mhm.
No, say I
haven't showered
but
like
two.
They're
doing what they do. They have really like thick hair. I'm honestly super jealous. Okay,
thank you.
You
have a lot of it.
Mhm.
Parts.
mm. So my hair could never, I have, it doesn't actually, it actually looks wavy but that's because I slept on it and I had an actual shower. So like but normally like my hair is very naturally straight, like it just is like step out of the shower and it's like soup like really straight um and it's like really thin too, like it's thin but I kind of have a lot of it, I don't have a lot of it, but like my hair is very thin and fine, so if I put any kind of oil in it, it looks greasy like immediately like I have to like wash my hair every single day or else it looks like awful, pretty much. Um So like, but I've always wondered like if I had like super thick hair, like if I put like oil or something and it would it make it shiny and like, because if I could weigh it down or something like that, like I had thicker hair, like, wouldn't you just do that if you had curly hair? Like I've always wanted to ask that, like, wouldn't that be like, that's how you do it right, you just put like something thicken and it weighs it down. I mean I have like curly haired friends who talked about how hard it is to brush it out and stuff and I'm like, well if you put just put something heavy in it, wouldn't that just fix the problem?
It
just kind of wavy right now,
It just kinda looks wavy right now.
Does it get like crunchy
or something?
mm
What?
no,
it does. I that is one thing that I like about not using hair products sometimes is like I can't stand when I can't do that. I mean, I'm somebody who, like I touched my hair all the time, I'm constantly like running my hands through it and stuff was probably using it, but if I have anything in my hair, I'm constantly like trying to, so maybe that's why it's not good for me, but you
know,
Yeah, I'm sure it does. Have you ever had longer hair before? Mhm.
Mhm.
Oh, but you can pull it down pretty far, wow.
mm.
It
comes down like, just past your eyes. Yeah.
Nice. Yeah, I haven't gotten, my sister is a hairstylist, so I've actually gotten all the perks of like, you know, I know a lot of people are putting their haircut stuff because the whole covid thing um but I literally just message her and I'm like, come over and coming here. So
pretty much, I mean, you can go. So the problem is, I mean, I know guy, I'm sure guys go through it to, you know, you get, you get a cheap haircut and you get a cheap results. I'm sure, I mean, maybe not necessarily. So like, if I were to go to some place like great clips or something, something like a chain. Um I want to say maybe half the time. It's like, I'll go in to get my split ends trimmed and it'll be like, like this is the difference. It's like cut off. Like I I've gone in and like, if I like put it all in my back or something, it's like, it goes diagonal, like it's not good, you know? But if I go in and get like a professional hair kind of like, yeah, that's like, You know, $60 or something, if I actually go to a salon and get it like, you know, get layers and stuff and it's expensive when the more complicated it gets. But I don't know how guys
like go through. I mean, I know you guys got like different settings as far
as how long.
no.
Thank
you.
Mhm. Mhm.
Is
it my theater?
Look at that faith though.
Mhm. Really? Oh man.
I feel
it depends on like the place that you go, like when I, When I was dating my ex, like the Asian one, we would go to like be like Asian markets and stuff, like down in like downtown Atlanta and stuff. And there will be like specific places to get like asian haircuts and they would only specialize in doing like asian
style hair and the kinds of cuts and things in the products that they would use. It would be like specialized. I'm sure like if you go to like a black barber, they have a similar like thing, like things that they do.
like
very small
talk about it,
I feel like there's, I mean maybe I don't know that much, but I feel like there's a lot less rules. It's like throw punches and hit somebody.
I
mean
obviously there are like roles to it, it
lot more
basic.
mm I do.
A little more hardcore, Right,
mm. A is a little more hardcore, right? Than boxing?
Yeah.
Well,
I mean like blood and things like that and I always think that would be less and so in boxing, because I feel like I I obviously don't know that much about it, but I always thought boxing was a little more padded and a little bit more about internal injuries, I suppose if it makes sense.
Yeah, which is
what,
like when you get knocked out, it's I mean it's probably probably like brain injuries, yeah, like you're
knocking
your
heart.
Mhm. Yeah,
Mhm
So
they wouldn't call it until someone was down?
Mhm. I've seen like some of the injuries and things that they can get later on just from like over time, like the cauliflower ear and stuff, it was like a really common one.
And
Like that,
mm hmm.
Wait,
you
gotta move it down just a little more.
There we go. Oh my God. Oh wow, that's wild. Yeah.
because black and white, it's like, I'm sure
that the color is the blood. Mm one.
New
head
wounds bleed a lot more, yeah,
head wounds bleed a lot more. Right. I mean, so like they look worse than they are? Or is that not true?
that a punch or is that like, like just friction, like if you're like up against somebody?
wouldn't think they
would
not. Mm Yeah,
no.
I'm sure that they crack down on that a little bit because that's that sounds like a
I didn't realize that they were made to help hit harder. I always thought it was too soft and blows. I didn't think that it would take that force and make it more like
extreme.
Mhm,
Truth.
It's not my weight classes. Yeah. How does it work in Emma then? Because like
But isn't there there's like a champion then? Yeah. Like,
oh, of the weight class? Okay. Gotcha. Because I always wonder if it was like, you had to climb up to the top of your weight class and then you fight each other like.
it could be a clear disadvantage.
Mhm.
Mhm.
mm.
but then they put it back one,
then they put it back on
like rapidly. Mhm.
I bet.
cerebral
fluid.
Because
it's
very real fluid to cushion that whole, like purpose is to protect your brain. So if you
don't have
that.
Great.
I'm surprised that they have it, you know, obviously because something well known, why wouldn't they way, you know, I will before the match.
All
You know, that pretty much answers it.
Yeah. I mean, you'd want to like I would want it to be more about safety because I mean, in the end, like I get like it's a game. But yeah, people obviously, a lot of them are other doing it for money and people are sponsoring it. More money and
sorry.
Just
a bar fight pretty much.
Mhm.
It
would
be
from one
that people would get into two like rise up. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
I
do not know.
Yeah,
I mean it's interesting to me do, I think I'd be good at it. Maybe not the most fighting experience I have was growing up with my older brother, it's
go out.
Yeah,
it's interesting. I have friends who have gotten into, you know, boxing
just, you know, hitting things on their basement, but like nothing
like big into
like the actual sport itself.
But I know
some people who do it for like, you know, just exercise
and if I had, if I had a space like that, I would probably get into it as well. I mean I don't really have like the resources like in my house or anything to like set up
whatever those things are cold. Yeah,
punching bags should know that. But like I don't have like a space that I could do it in, but like maybe in the future or something, I'd be like into doing something like that
exercise, wow.
Mhm,
I did like karate her mm six months when I was a child.
Um It also
the fact that they would advance you to like the next belt, even if you weren't actually could at anything.
that's what I meant to say was taekwondo, not karate, I forget. There's also like,
we do like the stances and then they'd be like, alright, let me see your round kick and you do it and be like, all right, yellow belt, Yeah.
It's like you have to, you just think real fast too. I mean, I'm sure.
Like what?
Yeah, if you're getting wailed on,
it's like you don't have time, like you gotta think fast, you're acting faster as you're down.
Yeah.
interesting. I didn't
know that.
Bunch
of people. Mhm,
nope.
so.
You
don't
think
stuff
like that?
Oh,
that is cool. Yeah.
Yeah. Um so I'm very into art, I
am an artist. Um So I have, it's funny that you were talking about marketing because actually um I was kind of into, I have a friend who also um she graduated third degree in marketing, but she's actually a professional artist and a lot of those kind of intersect when it comes to like selling art and things. Um
So like I have an instagram and she was helping me like figure out how to market that might get more followers and things. Um but yeah, generally I I draw paying a lot
that's kind of like the hobbies that I'm mostly into I guess, you know, if I'm not like doing school or whatever or video games or something like that, I will usually be an art, but um
it's a lot of practice. I have been neglecting it though because I have um I recently got like uh new game, I have a The Nintendo switch uh one of my like gaming, multiple gaming consoles that I have and I got the old school Mario 64, so pretty much played that like all day yesterday. Um but that's like all I've been up to, you know what I mean? It's
like
now
without,
you know, school going on, it's like all I do is either video games or art. It's usually what I'm into, So mhm,
mm. Mhm,
Mm hmm. Mhm, mm.
Yeah, that's cool.
I've so um my boyfriend is into like model things like planes and stuff mostly um is like his fascination. But I have like google some of the things that people do and I love when people put like a personal like spin on those kind of things. Like I think it's really interesting that people get like this based thing and then they make it their own like in those kind of ways like they add like prison or lights or things like that. Like that's me. Mhm.
It's like, it's like, and you know, they did all like they took like their base like model and just made it more like they went above and beyond and I think that's really cool.
Who good person.
You got this man? I'm sure you did.
I'm sure
you
know teachers black too.
Do you have anybody in the class you can contact and be like,
that's
it. Dude,
you haven't reached out to anybody else?
I had one online class where I actually
paired up with another person in the online class. We would like take the tests together over facetime and stuff. It was like a
it was an awful class. We need to stick together. So we had we also had like a very like a teacher that would like it was pretty neglectful and like wouldn't really posts like many grades and things like that and her tests were pretty hard so.
No.
The Minister.
The commission.
Yeah. The only thing I've used is Excel and SPS S. That's it
S. P. S. S. It's so it's something that's pretty much used by a lot of psychologists and it's it it's used for things like well I'm sure people are prolific probably use it. Um Are people who conduct the studies use it. Um But you it's a place where you can enter in like information and stuff and get results. It's just another kind of database system.
This is the only one that I used to. I I've asked people for recommendations to but prolific is pretty much the only one that I've gotten like
I tried to sign up for what was it? There was another site. I don't remember what it was called now because it was so long ago I literally signed up with my email and they were like, okay, like you're confirmed, like get this, like
respond to this email, we'll send
it
to you and confirm it and they never did and like I went back and was like, hey, can you resend the email? Like to confirm and never did like triple checked my email, like everything was correct. So I was like, well that's what I get for trying to cheat on prolific I guess.
What's
fair money? Yeah.
I've seen
on Reddit that before. I thought it was an actual site like four like that you could go to. I know, I know I've been on Beer Money on Reddit before to see like what there is, but I've never like pursued any of the things that people have said before except for the one that I tried to sign up for and it didn't work out.
Neither do I how
do you do?
you're
I don't think they do. I think it's a free thing. I think they do it for free don't
they? Because I felt like that before too. I'm like imagine how tiring that be. Mhm.
That's interesting though, I didn't know some of them even did get paid. I always thought it was just always for free. Mhm.
it's like if you're the moderator of like uh are funny or whatever, it's just like well all these people visit this page and I'm the one who gets to decide what goes through and it's like
Mhm.
Do I know what you're talking about? I feel like I might
I think I saw that pokes, it was like on out of the loop or subreddit drama or something like that. I saw that somewhere people were talking about that and I briefly write, read about it. I didn't look into
it, it was like this whole conspiracy like great, but she had something to do with it maybe.
Well does it come up in like the other subs like the ones that like the question subs like out of
the loop?
Forget
it.
Well or could she could she could be just being hiding Yeah. Mhm
I mean I feel like if all that stuff came to light the first thing you would do is just be like
peace.
Oh yeah, I mean defend yourself. I mean especially if you're part of so many big subreddit, it's and it wasn't true, you would immediately just feel it. No, but I feel it doesn't appear that is probably a big indication that you had something
to do with it.
Mhm I get real distracted. If I go on reddit I I will be all over the place. I
see posts like that where it's like juicy drama and it's like I'm scrolling again.
Yeah, it's easy to um go every which way. But yeah,
I
do have to go though.
No,
no, no, it's okay. Like I had a really good conversation. I've never talked
to
anybody this long on the chats like the last one that had I had some guy who was just like he just like stared and like didn't say and I felt like I was like talking like so much I was like so how are you what kind of obvious you have? You know, I don't really have any. Okay.
Yeah, I know. But you held good conversation so uh
yeah, you too. Uh My name is Hannah by the way. I know your name is Hunter. I don't think I ever said my name, but
that's a relationship.
Yeah, you as well man. Thanks
for thanks for the learning thing about mm A well if you look at me. Mhm.
Yeah. Good luck with college man. Hey
yo Pass.
Don't even worry about it.
It
all works
out
all