Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi. How are you?
Too bad. So, uh,
where are you from if you don't mind me asking?
Oh, Michigan just grand rapids missing.
They're okay. I don't know if that was on my end of urine, Are you? How is your internet connection? Right.
here.
So
I'm
not,
I wasn't
sure if that was on my entry. Right. Okay. Well, sorry about that. Uh, I'm sure
why
do video calls all day and, uh, yeah. So, um, I guess, uh, what's, what's new in your life? Right. Right. Oh,
Oh, cool. Very cool. So, I think that means you're a college student. Uh, what, what the line of work
are you going into?
Oh, really? Okay. Very cool. So, uh, a few things I assume that means you probably, are you wanted you on the law school bone or?
we're
kidding.
cool.
I have no interest rates. Oh,
everyone,
wow. I'm actually an engineer. So, uh, that's why I don't know much about, about political science, I know about math and stuff like that, but
I'm
not
a college student,
I'm
probably
shop and
try to hear that. Mm. Yeah. But yeah, no, I actually work in office furniture. So we've worked for a company that makes office chairs, office panels, anything that goes in the office basically. So it seems like there might be a little vibe.
So uh yeah, so we'll just have to kind of work through that I guess. But as long as we pause, I think we'll be okay, go. So what school are you able to actually be at school right now? Are you stuck doing it remotely? Yeah.
Okay. What a weird time. Huh? Yeah.
Okay. I agree with you on that. I've got two young engineers that just started for me and they're both 21, years old, just out of college. And this has been the strangest year. We just had a ton of layoffs at work and they're all, you know, terrified of losing their job. It's just I feel really bad for him. You're not really equipped to deal with this kind of thing when you're right out of school, so you're you're right, it's good, you're missing map. Uh huh. It's mentally draining um for all of us, but I think those that are, you know, right, starting out, it's really scary. So but yeah,
unfortunately
uh was they called me back in probably two months ago, so I've been back at work every day and it's getting getting scary. I literally had somebody get it. Um It's on my team that I meet with daily um last Wednesday, so I'm feeling like I'm crossing my fingers that I'm in the clear because I haven't had any symptoms yet, but it just feels like you're playing Russian roulette attic.
It is, you know, it's unfortunate, you know, just like all the, you know, the grocery store workers and everybody, you gotta get paid. So if they say you gotta come in, you gotta come in, let's go.
I
don't
know how
you get that. Thank you. Absolutely not. I don't know what the climates like in boston for world, that whole issue, but in michigan we are
absolutely insane. Uh, we're the state who they had a group tried to kidnap the governor because because we're making them wear a mask. So it's been really eye opening for me to see people that I respect and uh, you know, on a business level, work with regularly and, and, and think of as intelligent people just go off the rails. You don't know how to deal with. Yeah, because I got
smart people saying that they don't need to wear a mask. Oh yeah,
big
round
of,
I
don't
know,
click, not that big a deal,
couldn't
agree more, but it's fascinating. You know, I've actually had people that I work with, you know, talk about how this is gonna take forever. If we all wear masks, we just need to just quit it. Just go back to normal, some people are gonna die, but that's just what has to happen. And I'm like, how can
you have
that attitude? Okay. I just, I'm so fascinated that anybody can be that just cold. Oh
But yeah, it's interesting. I'm I'm old enough to have um existed before Fox News did and it's really interesting to see how just downwards we've trended as a society with, With misinformation and particularly the last four years, but it's been happening for about 20 a slow, a slow slide. That's really been rapid the last four years, but it's amazing and scary, right? Honestly, the only hope that I, that I hold is that it seems like younger people are immune to it so far meeting, immune to being stupid. Yeah, most of, most of the young people I talked to seem to have their heads screwed on pretty well. Um, I know I've got two kids that are in, one's in high school was in middle school and they're both very, um, they seem to get it. Um, and the younger people I work with them to get it. It's really idiots like my age and over
governor.
somehow partying seems less dumb than just like saying this is my right. Yeah,
I mean, I still get it, basically shouldn't be doing that either, but somehow it feels less malicious. Yeah. All
So have
you
always
lived in boston or? Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Oh yeah,
I'm seeing you. Okay.
I'm
sorry.
Come on security.
Hello
Italy. Give
me or no.
I was
just gonna ask if you were uh I'm gonna ask if you're originally from boston. Yeah.
You
don't
have a I am yeah, I moved around michigan, but this is where I where I
grew
up, so you don't have a typical boston accent. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. I love that area. Uh boston is a great city and I traveled up through Maine and it's a beautiful part of the country. Have you traveled much?
No.
Oh really? Where's your favorite place you've been?
I've
been near the
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I've been near Vietnam. I've been to Singapore and Malaysia. But they've never made it, made it to Vietnam. But yeah, it really is very different over there. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, it is. Um But they've dealt with I mean Southeast Asia in general has dealt with this type of thing before, so there may be a little less naive than we are. Fuck.
Yeah. It's uh just sad that we can't get our heads together on this. I'm afraid the next 2 - three months are going to be pretty tough. Okay.
Good.
Yeah. I know. Um It's interesting mike kids ride horses. And we we leased a horse from a woman and she is very much a white right wing person and she actually was buying military rations uh because of the election. And she told me that she was concerned that after the election, the Black Lives Matter group was going to join with Antifa and try to overthrow the
government and
bad for different things. It
is it? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
It
does.
What?
One.
I
know. It's it's
really bizarre. I mean, I wish it wasn't a true story. But it is this is a woman that I absolutely love. She takes she treats my Children so well. She's really a really good person. Uh But she's also batshit crazy. A I don't know what to
do.
She's getting
and it
but
it
showed
me that someone who is truly a good person getting that bad information can poison their mind. No, she's convinced joe biden is coming to take her guns. He's not unless you have a semi
automatic
weapons.
Maybe
he's going to get those right. I
don't know.
It's been
stressful times. Yeah. I don't. Our how is the remote learning going for you difficult? Are you able to manage it pretty well? Uh huh.
Opportunity? Yeah.
And
Trump.
I
imagine
like that's good. That helps my kids had to end the last school year remotely and it was difficult. It's hard to stay engaged when it doesn't really feel real, so. Mhm.
But
they're back
in
school
this
year.
Yeah, there in person this year. So we are just crossing our fingers. There's Every week there's two or three kids that uh test positive and that means you know, another 30 or 40 has to quarantine for two weeks. So we're just playing whack a mole. You know, luckily my kids haven't you know, knock on wood. Haven't had it yet. There had been exposed yet, but it was really tough choice because the online, the online school they offered were really poor. Even even said that like, if you were an end to athletes, um you couldn't do the online school because they said the n th doesn't recognize the program. And I'm like, well, that can't be good because I don't know what school you go to, but my guess is the athletes are probably not the top students. So, so, you know, kind of like, I had to send them in person and I think it's better for him mentally. That scary too. No,
if
you
want.
Thank
you.
power. Exactly. That's that's the scariest thing. You know, I I would love to go see my parents, but, you know, I was talking to my dad yesterday, he wants me to come down and I'm like I just can't do it right now. You know, there's been multiple people at my work. The kids are in school every day. I just don't feel like I can I can come see him in person, you know? It's awful. Right?
No genius. Oh,
thank
you.
Yeah, I think we're close. I think we're a week or two hours before we're going to have to do it too. So Yeah.
Yourself, one of my daughters as a junior in high school and I just feel terrible for because you don't get so you're not gonna get that time back just like you're not going to get this time back. College is a
really special time and we've lost a year of it now. That's terrible. Yeah.
Right.
Thanks.
Mhm. I sure do too. Yeah, I hope so. Yeah, it's tough. But will you be doing a remote internship to get it?
you're right.
you
seek
you? Well, I sure hope I guess. Yeah, that would be great. That would be what an experience that would be. But yeah, we did
we did remote. Mhm. We did remote internships this year for our group and I felt really bad. I mean it's good for the kids and that they heard kid metrics, college students that shouldn't take kids. I'm too old. I'm sorry, I don't mean to be offensive but
I felt really bad for him because
they didn't know anybody. They got to learn a little bit but just not the same. You know, I mean getting up every morning and then going into the office and forming relationships with people. Hard to do that when your remote Yeah, because
they really only got to
meet
over their mentor award. Yeah so I
you know I had a few
of them
in in through my
meeting the president. I keep talking over you. I apologize.
Yeah. So um what's
group
of?
Oh for a moment Yeah. Yeah.
Oh just it was very very difficult for those interns because they only really got to know their mentor. They didn't get to know any of the rest of the people. It's hard to get a real sense of what the whole business is if you are just learning it from one person. So I guess it's better than nothing. But it was tough. I hope yours is much better than that. We could actually go D. C. Would be a really fun fun summer. Okay. Okay wow.
Yeah college isn't cheap. Anything helps. Right.
Oh good for you. That's excellent.
Name.
Well, that's, that's great. I mean it's, It's a tough one. Uh, if you end up with a big, big debt, you know, drag you down for 10 years, you know, as you start your career. Well, good for you. Yeah.
That's awesome. Yeah. You must have really hustled to get all those scholarships and that's uh, that's a lot of work.
ignorant.
Example, the school, the school you go to matters for about two years. I'll tell you the truth. Once you get through your first job, doesn't matter where you went to school anymore. Nobody cares. Oh, that's
the truth.
It really is the reason. You know, it's if you can do the work
and you've proven you can do the work somewhere else. Nobody cares what you, where you're at school are. No.
Came over from Vietnam, awesome. Oh
Three
more
live.
What did your parents moved here from Vietnam then? Yeah.