SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm hmm. What? All right. Mhm. Yeah. You want to six? Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Any whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay. Perpetually tired and yeah. Range. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I feel that way too. A little bit. Okay, so I don't know if you're allowed to share our names or not.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know either. I was simply, it's safe and saying no.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so I'll be nameless, but um
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: I'll tell you a little bit about myself, I'm training to be a counselor, so like a therapist. Uh So I basically just like I am not working right now, obviously due to everything that's going on and not going to school. So I was just kind of like looking for stuff to do and I know a bit about research methods and stuff like that. So that's why I take surveys.
SPEAKER_L: Uh may I ask uh what specialty in therapy?
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I'm doing like clinical, mental health counseling. So any anything like um uh you know, diagnostics working with families, working with individuals, things like that. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm an educator and primarily a tutor. Um So it's with everything like dominantly high school and early college tutoring and because of everything that's been happening in terms of like test prep companies just not deciding on things like
SPEAKER_R: Thank you,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I pretty much had no students right now. I also teach advanced post A. P slash like early college level courses for students. Like right now I have a student who like I've actually been tutoring for cybersecurity or not tutoring but fly out teaching his classes for cybersecurity now for three years.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's impressive. Can you tell me a little bit about cybersecurity? Because actually my father works and like he does security too. But I don't know if it's like the same thing, is it just like protecting information?
SPEAKER_L: in a nutshell. Yeah, it's pretty much like not only do you protect information but you also set up security procedures to make sure that you don't accidentally released data that is confidential or critical. So
SPEAKER_R: that would be bad.
SPEAKER_L: like say for example like I actually handle security at my tutoring where I tutor all snow, all student confidential documents have to be stored offline. We're not allowed to put them onto an online server whatsoever. And on top of that there is also physical security. So like we store every all that date, all that information on paper inside is safe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. So there's like a bit of a mixture there. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: And depending upon the subset of of cybersecurity, general security determines like how far towards entirely physical and entirely digital. It is.
SPEAKER_R: got it. So it's very much like, um you know you're protecting like confidential information. Like anything that's from like a school that would be considered like confidential kind of like hip hop. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: also anything that may lead to get that data, guinea lead. So let's say for example I'm going to pick out Georgia Tech for a moment because Georgia tech butchered this a few years ago. Um Georgia tech had a lot of student data secured but they didn't have course listing secured. So I don't remember which white hat hacking group was but they ended up getting a about 20 years worth of student details
SPEAKER_R: Whoa boy,
SPEAKER_L: just by looking and seeing what classes they took, what semester they were able to identify the students themselves.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Well that makes sense though. Because if you think about it, like, you know, you can piece together information based on somebody's plan to study. Yeah, you can be like, okay, this guy is definitely going to be an accountant based on these classes they took and then they can just find other information. They need to pinpoint the person kind of
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like if you take it if you know the courses that they've taken and at what times they took and then you know information about, let's say when they graduated and necessary courses for the program, you can very easily identify who's who.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And you can also like find out when the course was offered because I know like for my courses, certain ones are offered like different times of year. And you can just go back and say like, so when did they offer this class? Ok. We know that they would have had to take it fall or you know? And who wants this information?
SPEAKER_L: Well it's you don't want to think about who wants this information but think about what this information could be used for.
SPEAKER_R: Got it.
SPEAKER_L: and that actually leads into the whole social engineering aspect of ha ha I've got information about this person, I can see what information they use for accounts. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay. And like best case scenario is like these are just people who want to sell us something. So they want that information or they do want to just like steel.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. A mix of all in fact that's let's say like facebook actually collects everything about you and then sells that data and then people who by the data Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. No, I'm I don't use facebook uh for a number of reasons but that it's a big one is that they can just sell your data. And I worry about like, I mean in the work I do I worry about clients like accessing
SPEAKER_L: Order.
SPEAKER_R: personal information about me. Especially like crafty clients. Like I mean what if they're really good at figuring out like, you know more finer details of who I am just based on my profiles and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, that's scary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, exactly. I mean, I always think of like the sixth sense, I don't know if you've seen that movie, but like at the beginning one there's like a disgruntled like client because the guy was, I think he was like a therapist or psychiatrist shoots them in his underwear. Good work.
SPEAKER_L: Until you start dissecting different.
SPEAKER_R: That, that actually like really traumatized me as a kid. Because that came out when I was like, I don't know, you know what year that came out? Maybe like 98 or 99. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think yeah, about 98.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I was probably, I was younger than 10. Um when I saw it in like I was at a friend's house and like obviously, like we all had friends. I'm sure that like their parents were more permissive. Like my parents would never have let me watch a scary movie. But this friend in particular, like her mom just didn't pay attention so I watched it and like I thought it was so scary. I'm like I, and even now I guess it's pretty creepy. Do you believe in ghosts?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I can't say yes and I can't say no because the scientist amy is kind of like there are unexplained situations, unexplained results, we can't explain them at the same time, we can detect things. So it's kinda like, okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, if you watch the shows like they always have those um little detectors, it's like a little radar and it's like, oh there's electromagnetic activity going on here and there must be like a a spirit or presence.
SPEAKER_L: have you actually ever been to like a abandoned building or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I've been like a bunker, like an abandoned bunker on a beach. Like where like military would hide out. It's yeah, it's weird.
SPEAKER_L: I have to ask what did you experience?
SPEAKER_R: It just is like eerie, like I just felt really out of place like it belongs to someone else and I was trespassing or something even though it's like open, but like it very much felt like an occupied space in some sense.
SPEAKER_L: because I'm just thinking of, Yeah, so I had a terrible habit when I was younger going to abandoned buildings or like ha ha traveling to a friend's wedding? What? Wait, that's an old school, Okay. On the way back, we're hitting this place.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Are like old, like medical facilities, there's one in the city I live in and it's like an old, it's called the state school. And basically like it was for people who have like pervasive either like mental illness or disabilities and obviously a closed, but it'd be so cool to go in there and see what's in there. If anything is left or notice anything creepy.
SPEAKER_L: mm. A school that I well I snuck into hate being a teenager. Um It was a old um boarding school, boys boarding school that I want to say it, like it was abandoned in like probably the 40s uh multi level um wooden floors and being inside there just like, not only do you have like the the almost like, almost like someone's watching you sensation and the I shouldn't be here sensation, but just the sounds in the like, Sorry buddy. Well my friends and I were exploring it. Um there's they on the second floor, there used to there was a gym. The floor gave out. So on the first floor you can look up and see into the gym. But
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: as we're on that floor we swear we could hear um almost like a ball bouncing above us. Like like have you ever heard like like a basketball like a fresh basketball bouncing out of hardwood floor. That's what we hear above us.
SPEAKER_R: And they're
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: is nothing above you though? Right,
SPEAKER_L: We can see the the remains of the roof rafters above us.
SPEAKER_R: wow, So weird.
SPEAKER_L: But like walking out always in hearing like um I don't want to say like footsteps but kind of almost like the scruff ling of feet.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. And like you can't really blame it on anything because you know, it's abandoned. So very
SPEAKER_L: need
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I need to find that like my friends, I actually recorded uh audio for that. I need to find the audio again.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so eerie. So do you um what do you do for hobbies? You played video games, anything like that? I'm a big gamer.
SPEAKER_L: Happy
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: A.
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: to talk about animal crossing.
SPEAKER_L: I am not an animal crossing fan. I
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: hate to say that.
SPEAKER_R: No, I I would love to hear your opinion as to why?
SPEAKER_L: It's it's to call me. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: it's definitely like made for more like you're trying to relax and like chill. Like it's not exciting by any means.
SPEAKER_L: But there has I don't mind games that are relaxing. It's more there has to be something else mixed in. Like have you played uh Area?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. With his plants, Right? No,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm thinking of a different one.
SPEAKER_L: Harvest Moon or uh
SPEAKER_R: Start your valley. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I've played ones like that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh started value is great but I actually just got back into your area which is like two D. Minecraft
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay. That's cool. Yeah, my son, he loves Minecraft. I never got into it, but it looks really cool and like it does definitely have qualities of like harvest Moon and animal crossing where you can kind of build your environment, but like you can also kill stuff, you know, like if you want to play like for a little more excitement you can, you know, right? You could kill things and I imagine
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: and both Minecraft and also to our area are they are heavily survival.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yes, that's cool. I like that aspect. You won't, you won't need to survive an animal crossing, they let you live no matter what.
SPEAKER_L: Then also I can't remember the raccoons name.
SPEAKER_R: Tom nook.
SPEAKER_L: God yes I'm sorry. He just freaks me out a little bit like dude you are Okay
SPEAKER_R: he's a swindler.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty nicely. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: no, that's that's a good point, you know?
SPEAKER_L: actually now now he is not the He's not the creepiest one though. That's uh the easter bunny. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yes. His name is zipper. Yeah, I think zipper or zippy.
SPEAKER_L: I think it zippy.
SPEAKER_R: He's weird
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: though. Yeah, definitely creepy. I've never liked people wearing like caught like the mascot costumes like at chuck e cheese. I used to think that was really scary. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of, I think it's creepy or like the animatronic, like they used to have like, I don't know how old you are, but like when I was a kid, They still have like a stage with like the Creepy, like five nights at Freddy's characters. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so like that that definitely like ruined it for me. I'm like, nope, I was right about this. All on those are creepy. Anything wearing a suit and like and like an animal crossing the bunny like he he's like pretends he's not something wearing a suit but like you don't, you like no, he is but he's like pretend it's so like what is under the suit?
SPEAKER_L: There was actually um have you heard of a Youtuber called the Game theorist? He
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: And they did an amazing video and um
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Let's check that out. I like watching um like different kind of like let's plays or I watch, I like this one. He he does like Pokemon like different like um like the earlier Pokemon games, he calls it soft lock picking. Um And like he'll try to set up the game so like you can't play it anymore and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I'll have
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: save
SPEAKER_R: go through.
SPEAKER_L: it to a file.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like you have to, he will like go through these crazy different steps like or he did want, it's like can I beat the game with just like a party of Dido's like six Dido's.
SPEAKER_L: actually yeah. Okay. Are you talking about? Oh gosh his name? He invented what's called Maslakh.
SPEAKER_R: Yes pick Asprey. Yeah. Yes that is locked challenge.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He's the one who started that absolute terrible challenge.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And didn't, it doesn't, it doesn't transfer to other games like you can only do it in Pokemon right? But like there's different variations.
SPEAKER_L: Well he keeps it to just poke them on but it's spread out throughout multiple communities now.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Because there's other games that are similar sort of like,
SPEAKER_L: not just similar games. There's actually like um it seems escaping me. But last week someone did a nose lock challenge in Minecraft. You can use every piece of equipment only once.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yes. And you have to be like kind of like, obviously you're like self disciplined about it. Um, I bet you could do it in um, like different kinds of games to like, uh, maybe like Harvest Moon. You know what I mean? Like you can only be like have this many cows or you know this many natural resources. I bet you could do that. It's named Maslakh after the Pokemon though. Right? Because there was like an original challenge he did that had to do with does locks and then it was like let's do this with a bunch of things,
SPEAKER_L: Because there's the like he did the one life does lock where if the Pokemon dies goodbye.
SPEAKER_R: right? He's gone, yep.
SPEAKER_L: The no XP knows lock where your character, none of your Pokemon game. Any experience. You have to constantly cash new Pokemon.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, sounds so hard. The most recent one I played was moon, I bought, not even Ultra Moon, I bought Moon and I didn't even like finish it. I think I just moved on to something else. I kind of have a habit of doing that. But um, I don't
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: know, I don't know if you've played the more recent games, but like it just blows me away because playing the older games when I was a kid, I was like, wow, this is awesome. And now I'm just like, I didn't know anything when I was a kid. Clearly because this is way better. I wish that like I was growing up now with all the different things kids can do rather than back when I did, you know, there was stuff, but I feel like N 64 like doesn't hold a candle to, you know, some of the other systems. What
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: do you think?
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah And 64 has a soft spot in my heart.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, definitely. My
SPEAKER_L: Super
SPEAKER_R: partner,
SPEAKER_L: Mario
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: 64.
SPEAKER_R: that's like his system and gold and I that's his name. Golden Eye Friends 64. It's favourite game.
SPEAKER_L: Uh But what about Perfect Dark?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Is that a rainbow six game down?
SPEAKER_L: Perfect. So on the N 60 64 you had three really good FPs is you have golden I the one that everyone refers to There is Doom 64 which like really unrated chip. Like it's beautiful game. People are finally finding it now. It's fantastic. And then you have Perfect dark.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect Dark
SPEAKER_L: The same team behind Golden. I made perfect dark
SPEAKER_R: interested.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: what's that based off of?
SPEAKER_L: it's original.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so it's not like, it's not like goldeneye words based off of James Bond. Perfect Dark. It's like its own thing, its own story.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You play as, you play as a pretty much like a secret agent. Just like James Bond. But you have a mix of corporate um like corporate politics. You have alien invasion galore, like a picture of this um Independence Day mixed with golden eye And then
SPEAKER_R: Go
SPEAKER_L: mixed
SPEAKER_R: ahead.
SPEAKER_L: mixed a tiny bit with uh rainbow six.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. Yeah. So there's like um like lackeys, like just random dudes that are trying to attack you. Are you finding something else? Yeah. Are there, so there are aliens?
SPEAKER_L: Well in the game. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Christine.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: alien games.
SPEAKER_L: if it's a game that like if you love like complex storylines with a with the game with gameplay that's fairly like even though it's fast pace it it does punish you if you if you don't think through your actions I highly recommend perfect dark
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Perfect dark. Um is there anything like dead space,
SPEAKER_L: in terms of difficulty. Yes. Um But no. Oh that's faces unique.
SPEAKER_R: love dad. Space, huge debt Space fair.
SPEAKER_L: What do you think of that space? To
SPEAKER_R: I like the original one, the 2nd 1 I wasn't like Crazy about and I never played the 3rd 1.
SPEAKER_L: third one? Was
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: story
SPEAKER_R: was the car
SPEAKER_L: was good,
SPEAKER_R: for your head.
SPEAKER_L: Like the story of her three was good. But the gameplay,
SPEAKER_R: that's so great.
SPEAKER_L: no that's like the game punishes you for not not paying for micro transactions.
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's during that era. I feel like there was like pretty lengthy bit of time where if you couldn't buy like, you know the DLC then you are going to have a good time.
SPEAKER_L: we're still we're kind of still in that era though.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Well at least with like things like app games, but like you kind of know what you're getting into. Um, luckily, I mean trying to say like Fallout, I've definitely bought like different, um, like DLC's for that. Like with Fallout three, I bought all of the like expansion missions and then I bought Far Harbor and Fallout four. Like that kind of stuff. Like I think that's worth it. Um, but as far as like, I don't know if you play Fortnite or not, but my son is really in a fortnight and he's like, I want to buy a banana costume. I'm like, that's stupid. It doesn't even do anything. So that kind of stuff. I think it's lame. It feels like cash grabby.
SPEAKER_L: At least in fortnight's case you can like I actually play for it like a good bit like you can you can learn everything in the game without spending any money.
SPEAKER_R: It just takes longer. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Not really like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: um I would say like Instead of spending $3, I can play for an hour and a half. It's not a bad trade off.
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean, I feel if you really like it, I'm like, it definitely makes sense to just not pay. I mean, I've definitely paid money in games like to get ahead. Um, I used to like even like gambling kind of games, not like anything serious, but I'd like to card game. It was like an app platform and I used to pay to like get extra lives and stuff if I really wanted to play, but I don't know if that's the same structure and Fortnite, but it looks fun. He looks like he's having fun and it's very colorful. I just haven't gotten a chance to play because he plays it all the time.
SPEAKER_L: if you like first person shooters, I recommend it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I do Do you work on a team like you is a very like team based? No. Okay, that's good then.
SPEAKER_L: But you could technically play as a team, there's nothing stopping you.
SPEAKER_R: okay. And are you prepared like randomly?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: You can choose people. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Like it's it's it's literally a free for all, so everyone's against each other, but that doesn't mean you can't form small alliances. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Like secretly and you can like talk to people through the head side and like make all that happen. All right. Maybe I should get into that morning. I feel like I have all this free time and I want to fill it with like doing things I can't normally do. Like being a student. I'm always pretty busy except for now obviously. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That reminds me I actually have to get ready for a test later. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: your own test? Are you prop during an exam?
SPEAKER_L: It's I'm I'm taking classes for my master's in education.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. Good for you. I worked with uh I mean my last job was in education and I worked as a behavior specialist. So like working under A. B. C. B. A. Um I don't know if you're if you're working on that kind of thing or more just like teaching.
SPEAKER_L: it's I haven't actually got a chance to select my specialty yet. I am planning on doing um academic coaching, that's my
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: specialty.
SPEAKER_R: you? Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: But I've got to get through all the the Terror uh history classes. Ah Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: I just find the history, history focused classes to be like a waste of time. Yeah. Then all the abbreviations just, um,
SPEAKER_R: Education is really like acronyms and abbreviations and stuff like that. My partner works in higher ed and he teaches like college students accounting courses. So um but that's a bit different like you're teaching like a very like niche kind of subject that sounds like when you're kind of prepping people.
SPEAKER_L: I right now I'm a niche instructor by implanting directing towards academic coaching and physics and math.
SPEAKER_R: Nice people need that.
SPEAKER_L: Everyone needs math.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Physics.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean that that will just kind of be what it is. But now and Bath is like that's if you can understand mouth well enough to teach each other people like that's impressive, definitely fun. Actually. I think that we've met the time requirement. I'll tell you that if you have to go and prepare for your tests,
SPEAKER_L: Or I can procrastinate.
SPEAKER_R: that's definitely what I'm gonna be doing. I'm gonna probably go eat and drink more coffee.
SPEAKER_L: Man,
SPEAKER_R: Right. Anyway, it was really nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: So I wish you luck in your future endeavors.
SPEAKER_L: you as well
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: and uh, enjoy the free time because
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: as,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: as a student myself, I'm like, yeah, yeah, when things go back, it's gonna be like no more free time.
SPEAKER_R: No, you're so right. So we'll give each other permission to indulge. Yeah. All
SPEAKER_L: see you,
SPEAKER_R: Bye.