How are you?
Oh yeah, I feel that way too. A little bit. Okay, so I don't know if you're allowed to share our names or not.
Okay, so I'll be nameless, but um
I'll tell you a little bit about myself, I'm training to be a counselor, so like a therapist. Uh So I basically just like I am not working right now, obviously due to everything that's going on and not going to school. So I was just kind of like looking for stuff to do and I know a bit about research methods and stuff like that. So that's why I take surveys.
Uh So I'm doing like clinical, mental health counseling. So any anything like um uh you know, diagnostics working with families, working with individuals, things like that. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. What do you do?
Thank you,
wow, that's impressive. Can you tell me a little bit about cybersecurity? Because actually my father works and like he does security too. But I don't know if it's like the same thing, is it just like protecting information?
that would be bad.
okay. So there's like a bit of a mixture there. Yes,
got it. So it's very much like, um you know you're protecting like confidential information. Like anything that's from like a school that would be considered like confidential kind of like hip hop. Nice.
Whoa boy,
wow. Well that makes sense though. Because if you think about it, like, you know, you can piece together information based on somebody's plan to study. Yeah, you can be like, okay, this guy is definitely going to be an accountant based on these classes they took and then they can just find other information. They need to pinpoint the person kind of
Right. And you can also like find out when the course was offered because I know like for my courses, certain ones are offered like different times of year. And you can just go back and say like, so when did they offer this class? Ok. We know that they would have had to take it fall or you know? And who wants this information?
Got it.
Oh, okay. And like best case scenario is like these are just people who want to sell us something. So they want that information or they do want to just like steel.
Right. No, I'm I don't use facebook uh for a number of reasons but that it's a big one is that they can just sell your data. And I worry about like, I mean in the work I do I worry about clients like accessing
personal information about me. Especially like crafty clients. Like I mean what if they're really good at figuring out like, you know more finer details of who I am just based on my profiles and things like that.
Yeah. No, exactly. I mean, I always think of like the sixth sense, I don't know if you've seen that movie, but like at the beginning one there's like a disgruntled like client because the guy was, I think he was like a therapist or psychiatrist shoots them in his underwear. Good work.
That, that actually like really traumatized me as a kid. Because that came out when I was like, I don't know, you know what year that came out? Maybe like 98 or 99. Yeah.
Yeah. So I was probably, I was younger than 10. Um when I saw it in like I was at a friend's house and like obviously, like we all had friends. I'm sure that like their parents were more permissive. Like my parents would never have let me watch a scary movie. But this friend in particular, like her mom just didn't pay attention so I watched it and like I thought it was so scary. I'm like I, and even now I guess it's pretty creepy. Do you believe in ghosts?
Yeah. No, if you watch the shows like they always have those um little detectors, it's like a little radar and it's like, oh there's electromagnetic activity going on here and there must be like a a spirit or presence.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been like a bunker, like an abandoned bunker on a beach. Like where like military would hide out. It's yeah, it's weird.
It just is like eerie, like I just felt really out of place like it belongs to someone else and I was trespassing or something even though it's like open, but like it very much felt like an occupied space in some sense.
Right. Yeah. Are like old, like medical facilities, there's one in the city I live in and it's like an old, it's called the state school. And basically like it was for people who have like pervasive either like mental illness or disabilities and obviously a closed, but it'd be so cool to go in there and see what's in there. If anything is left or notice anything creepy.
Who?
And they're
like,
is nothing above you though? Right,
wow, So weird.
Right. Yeah. And like you can't really blame it on anything because you know, it's abandoned. So very
good.
Oh, so eerie. So do you um what do you do for hobbies? You played video games, anything like that? I'm a big gamer.
So
I want
to talk about animal crossing.
man.
No, I I would love to hear your opinion as to why?
it's definitely like made for more like you're trying to relax and like chill. Like it's not exciting by any means.
Oh yeah. With his plants, Right? No,
no, I'm thinking of a different one.
Start your valley. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I've played ones like that.
Oh, okay. That's cool. Yeah, my son, he loves Minecraft. I never got into it, but it looks really cool and like it does definitely have qualities of like harvest Moon and animal crossing where you can kind of build your environment, but like you can also kill stuff, you know, like if you want to play like for a little more excitement you can, you know, right? You could kill things and I imagine
that.
Okay. Yes, that's cool. I like that aspect. You won't, you won't need to survive an animal crossing, they let you live no matter what.
Tom nook.
he's a swindler.
no, that's that's a good point, you know?
Yes. His name is zipper. Yeah, I think zipper or zippy.
He's weird
though. Yeah, definitely creepy. I've never liked people wearing like caught like the mascot costumes like at chuck e cheese. I used to think that was really scary. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's kind of, I think it's creepy or like the animatronic, like they used to have like, I don't know how old you are, but like when I was a kid, They still have like a stage with like the Creepy, like five nights at Freddy's characters. Yeah,
so like that that definitely like ruined it for me. I'm like, nope, I was right about this. All on those are creepy. Anything wearing a suit and like and like an animal crossing the bunny like he he's like pretends he's not something wearing a suit but like you don't, you like no, he is but he's like pretend it's so like what is under the suit?
I
have.
Nice. Let's check that out. I like watching um like different kind of like let's plays or I watch, I like this one. He he does like Pokemon like different like um like the earlier Pokemon games, he calls it soft lock picking. Um And like he'll try to set up the game so like you can't play it anymore and
I'll have
to
go through.
Yeah. And like you have to, he will like go through these crazy different steps like or he did want, it's like can I beat the game with just like a party of Dido's like six Dido's.
Yes pick Asprey. Yeah. Yes that is locked challenge.
Yeah. And didn't, it doesn't, it doesn't transfer to other games like you can only do it in Pokemon right? But like there's different variations.
Right. Yeah. Because there's other games that are similar sort of like,
okay. Yes. And you have to be like kind of like, obviously you're like self disciplined about it. Um, I bet you could do it in um, like different kinds of games to like, uh, maybe like Harvest Moon. You know what I mean? Like you can only be like have this many cows or you know this many natural resources. I bet you could do that. It's named Maslakh after the Pokemon though. Right? Because there was like an original challenge he did that had to do with does locks and then it was like let's do this with a bunch of things,
right? He's gone, yep.
Oh my God, sounds so hard. The most recent one I played was moon, I bought, not even Ultra Moon, I bought Moon and I didn't even like finish it. I think I just moved on to something else. I kind of have a habit of doing that. But um, I don't
know, I don't know if you've played the more recent games, but like it just blows me away because playing the older games when I was a kid, I was like, wow, this is awesome. And now I'm just like, I didn't know anything when I was a kid. Clearly because this is way better. I wish that like I was growing up now with all the different things kids can do rather than back when I did, you know, there was stuff, but I feel like N 64 like doesn't hold a candle to, you know, some of the other systems. What
do you think?
Oh yeah, definitely. My
partner,
he
that's like his system and gold and I that's his name. Golden Eye Friends 64. It's favourite game.
Uh huh. Is that a rainbow six game down?
Perfect Dark
interested.
And
what's that based off of?
Okay, so it's not like, it's not like goldeneye words based off of James Bond. Perfect Dark. It's like its own thing, its own story.
Go
ahead.
Okay. All right. Yeah. So there's like um like lackeys, like just random dudes that are trying to attack you. Are you finding something else? Yeah. Are there, so there are aliens?
Uh huh. Christine.
I like
alien games.
Okay. Perfect dark. Um is there anything like dead space,
love dad. Space, huge debt Space fair.
I like the original one, the 2nd 1 I wasn't like Crazy about and I never played the 3rd 1.
That
was the car
for your head.
that's so great.
Uh It's during that era. I feel like there was like pretty lengthy bit of time where if you couldn't buy like, you know the DLC then you are going to have a good time.
Oh yeah. Well at least with like things like app games, but like you kind of know what you're getting into. Um, luckily, I mean trying to say like Fallout, I've definitely bought like different, um, like DLC's for that. Like with Fallout three, I bought all of the like expansion missions and then I bought Far Harbor and Fallout four. Like that kind of stuff. Like I think that's worth it. Um, but as far as like, I don't know if you play Fortnite or not, but my son is really in a fortnight and he's like, I want to buy a banana costume. I'm like, that's stupid. It doesn't even do anything. So that kind of stuff. I think it's lame. It feels like cash grabby.
It just takes longer. Right?
No.
No, I mean, I feel if you really like it, I'm like, it definitely makes sense to just not pay. I mean, I've definitely paid money in games like to get ahead. Um, I used to like even like gambling kind of games, not like anything serious, but I'd like to card game. It was like an app platform and I used to pay to like get extra lives and stuff if I really wanted to play, but I don't know if that's the same structure and Fortnite, but it looks fun. He looks like he's having fun and it's very colorful. I just haven't gotten a chance to play because he plays it all the time.
Yeah. I mean I do Do you work on a team like you is a very like team based? No. Okay, that's good then.
okay. And are you prepared like randomly?
You can choose people. Uh huh.
Like secretly and you can like talk to people through the head side and like make all that happen. All right. Maybe I should get into that morning. I feel like I have all this free time and I want to fill it with like doing things I can't normally do. Like being a student. I'm always pretty busy except for now obviously. Mhm.
your own test? Are you prop during an exam?
Oh, nice. Good for you. I worked with uh I mean my last job was in education and I worked as a behavior specialist. So like working under A. B. C. B. A. Um I don't know if you're if you're working on that kind of thing or more just like teaching.
Have
you? Thanks.
that's
rough.
Education is really like acronyms and abbreviations and stuff like that. My partner works in higher ed and he teaches like college students accounting courses. So um but that's a bit different like you're teaching like a very like niche kind of subject that sounds like when you're kind of prepping people.
Nice people need that.
I know.
Yeah I mean that that will just kind of be what it is. But now and Bath is like that's if you can understand mouth well enough to teach each other people like that's impressive, definitely fun. Actually. I think that we've met the time requirement. I'll tell you that if you have to go and prepare for your tests,
that's definitely what I'm gonna be doing. I'm gonna probably go eat and drink more coffee.
Right. Anyway, it was really nice chatting with you.
So I wish you luck in your future endeavors.
Where?
thank
you.
No, you're so right. So we'll give each other permission to indulge. Yeah. All
Bye.