Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm hmm. What? All right. Mhm. Yeah. You want to six? Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Any whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Hello?
I'm okay. Perpetually tired and yeah. Range. Yes.
I don't know either. I was simply, it's safe and saying no.
But.
Uh may I ask uh what specialty in therapy?
I'm an educator and primarily a tutor. Um So it's with everything like dominantly high school and early college tutoring and because of everything that's been happening in terms of like test prep companies just not deciding on things like
yeah, I pretty much had no students right now. I also teach advanced post A. P slash like early college level courses for students. Like right now I have a student who like I've actually been tutoring for cybersecurity or not tutoring but fly out teaching his classes for cybersecurity now for three years.
in a nutshell. Yeah, it's pretty much like not only do you protect information but you also set up security procedures to make sure that you don't accidentally released data that is confidential or critical. So
like say for example like I actually handle security at my tutoring where I tutor all snow, all student confidential documents have to be stored offline. We're not allowed to put them onto an online server whatsoever. And on top of that there is also physical security. So like we store every all that date, all that information on paper inside is safe. Yeah.
And depending upon the subset of of cybersecurity, general security determines like how far towards entirely physical and entirely digital. It is.
also anything that may lead to get that data, guinea lead. So let's say for example I'm going to pick out Georgia Tech for a moment because Georgia tech butchered this a few years ago. Um Georgia tech had a lot of student data secured but they didn't have course listing secured. So I don't remember which white hat hacking group was but they ended up getting a about 20 years worth of student details
just by looking and seeing what classes they took, what semester they were able to identify the students themselves.
Yeah. It's like if you take it if you know the courses that they've taken and at what times they took and then you know information about, let's say when they graduated and necessary courses for the program, you can very easily identify who's who.
Well it's you don't want to think about who wants this information but think about what this information could be used for.
and that actually leads into the whole social engineering aspect of ha ha I've got information about this person, I can see what information they use for accounts. Mhm.
Uh huh. A mix of all in fact that's let's say like facebook actually collects everything about you and then sells that data and then people who by the data Yeah.
Order.
Oh my gosh, that's scary.
Until you start dissecting different.
I think yeah, about 98.
Uh I can't say yes and I can't say no because the scientist amy is kind of like there are unexplained situations, unexplained results, we can't explain them at the same time, we can detect things. So it's kinda like, okay,
have you actually ever been to like a abandoned building or
I have to ask what did you experience?
because I'm just thinking of, Yeah, so I had a terrible habit when I was younger going to abandoned buildings or like ha ha traveling to a friend's wedding? What? Wait, that's an old school, Okay. On the way back, we're hitting this place.
mm. A school that I well I snuck into hate being a teenager. Um It was a old um boarding school, boys boarding school that I want to say it, like it was abandoned in like probably the 40s uh multi level um wooden floors and being inside there just like, not only do you have like the the almost like, almost like someone's watching you sensation and the I shouldn't be here sensation, but just the sounds in the like, Sorry buddy. Well my friends and I were exploring it. Um there's they on the second floor, there used to there was a gym. The floor gave out. So on the first floor you can look up and see into the gym. But
as we're on that floor we swear we could hear um almost like a ball bouncing above us. Like like have you ever heard like like a basketball like a fresh basketball bouncing out of hardwood floor. That's what we hear above us.
Thank
you.
We can see the the remains of the roof rafters above us.
But like walking out always in hearing like um I don't want to say like footsteps but kind of almost like the scruff ling of feet.
need
I need to find that like my friends, I actually recorded uh audio for that. I need to find the audio again.
Happy
A.
Two.
I am not an animal crossing fan. I
hate to say that.
It's it's to call me. Uh huh.
But there has I don't mind games that are relaxing. It's more there has to be something else mixed in. Like have you played uh Area?
No
Harvest Moon or uh
Uh started value is great but I actually just got back into your area which is like two D. Minecraft
it
and both Minecraft and also to our area are they are heavily survival.
Then also I can't remember the raccoons name.
God yes I'm sorry. He just freaks me out a little bit like dude you are Okay
that's pretty nicely. Yeah
actually now now he is not the He's not the creepiest one though. That's uh the easter bunny. Um
I think it zippy.
It's
Yeah
yeah.
There was actually um have you heard of a Youtuber called the Game theorist? He
did
And they did an amazing video and um
And
then
save
it to a file.
actually yeah. Okay. Are you talking about? Oh gosh his name? He invented what's called Maslakh.
Yeah. He's the one who started that absolute terrible challenge.
Well he keeps it to just poke them on but it's spread out throughout multiple communities now.
not just similar games. There's actually like um it seems escaping me. But last week someone did a nose lock challenge in Minecraft. You can use every piece of equipment only once.
Because there's the like he did the one life does lock where if the Pokemon dies goodbye.
The no XP knows lock where your character, none of your Pokemon game. Any experience. You have to constantly cash new Pokemon.
No.
Are
uh yeah And 64 has a soft spot in my heart.
Super
Mario
64.
Uh But what about Perfect Dark?
Perfect. So on the N 60 64 you had three really good FPs is you have golden I the one that everyone refers to There is Doom 64 which like really unrated chip. Like it's beautiful game. People are finally finding it now. It's fantastic. And then you have Perfect dark.
The same team behind Golden. I made perfect dark
and
there
it's original.
Yeah. You play as, you play as a pretty much like a secret agent. Just like James Bond. But you have a mix of corporate um like corporate politics. You have alien invasion galore, like a picture of this um Independence Day mixed with golden eye And then
mixed
mixed a tiny bit with uh rainbow six.
Well in the game. Yeah,
but
it's
if it's a game that like if you love like complex storylines with a with the game with gameplay that's fairly like even though it's fast pace it it does punish you if you if you don't think through your actions I highly recommend perfect dark
in terms of difficulty. Yes. Um But no. Oh that's faces unique.
What do you think of that space? To
third one? Was
story
was good,
Like the story of her three was good. But the gameplay,
no that's like the game punishes you for not not paying for micro transactions.
we're still we're kind of still in that era though.
At least in fortnight's case you can like I actually play for it like a good bit like you can you can learn everything in the game without spending any money.
Not really like
um I would say like Instead of spending $3, I can play for an hour and a half. It's not a bad trade off.
if you like first person shooters, I recommend it.
But you could technically play as a team, there's nothing stopping you.
No.
Like it's it's it's literally a free for all, so everyone's against each other, but that doesn't mean you can't form small alliances. Right?
That reminds me I actually have to get ready for a test later. Uh huh.
It's I'm I'm taking classes for my master's in education.
it's I haven't actually got a chance to select my specialty yet. I am planning on doing um academic coaching, that's my
specialty.
But I've got to get through all the the Terror uh history classes. Ah Yeah, I
mean
I just find the history, history focused classes to be like a waste of time. Yeah. Then all the abbreviations just, um,
I right now I'm a niche instructor by implanting directing towards academic coaching and physics and math.
Everyone needs math.
Physics.
Or I can procrastinate.
Man,
same
you as well
and uh, enjoy the free time because
as,
as a student myself, I'm like, yeah, yeah, when things go back, it's gonna be like no more free time.
see you,