I don't know. What do you think about it? Yeah. Before the attack. Uh huh. Mhm mhm
Hello? How are you?
I can hear you. Yeah. Can you hear me?
I can yeah.
Right. All right, awesome.
Okay, awesome. What's your name? Sam nice to meet you. I'm Grayson.
Okay. That's good. That I'm unique I guess. Okay. Is this your, is this your first time doing this survey? We've done it before.
Okay. Right. On the same with me. This is my, well this is my fifth time that someone showed up. There was twice where the other person didn't.
This is
yeah, I used both. But yeah, this was through prolific. Yeah. Yeah, this is yeah
noon. Yeah California.
Okay. In new york city. Nice. Have you lived there? Have you lived there your whole life or did you move there?
Yeah, that was my phone. Yeah. Oh,
okay.
Okay.
Born in the Bronx.
Yeah, I was, I was born in san Diego. So I am not an original gangster at all. The now I live a little closer to a little north of that. A little closer to L. A. Mm.
I have yeah.
Yeah that's the easiest way but usually will they have parking places like we usually park before the border and just walk across it's much faster driving takes longer to get through the actual border.
Yeah you do now when I was young you didn't even have to but now you have to bring your passport.
well they would let you before I think I don't know when they changed it but before they would let you just go with your driver's license or something and then they got they got more strict. So unfortunate.
What did you study in college
I studied math
the second
person.
theoretical. Yeah.
Why it is more like applicable and theoretical is more theory. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah
I am not a genius at all.
Um I'm better than I was before university that's for sure. I was very I don't know I guess I'm strange. I studied math and university because that was my worst subject in high school. I was a straight a student other than math, so I decided to take math in university and make it hard on myself.
No I I coach american football in europe.
No I'm not in europe right now. Um This is the this is the off season. I come back and visit my mom during the holidays.
Um I just I like it there better. Um I played for I guess it was six years after university, I played in europe and when I decided to stop playing I wanted to get into coaching. So I ended up staying there because I just like the the lifestyle and the work life balance is much
better for coaches there
here there is no work life balance, you just work long hours for little pay for no reason.
Um It just, I think it just depends on what you value
because I think football is not unless you're in the NFL here like football for like a college or something or a smaller school, it's not really, it's not really well valued. So they don't they don't want to pay a lot of, most of the coaching jobs when you start out here are more part time. That's why there's a lot of like high school teachers and stuff that also coach. It usually takes people here
a decade or more to get even a full time coaching job. Yeah,
full full time coaching job Usually takes a while most you do mostly you have to teach and coach at first
you don't need, but that's kind of the most popular one. Especially if you're coaching at a high school. It, yeah, Makes the most sense because then the hours match up because if you have a real job that you work until
five and practices at three, it doesn't really work. But if you're teaching, you know, they'll never be practiced during your classes.
Oh wow. Okay. So I am unique.
Yeah, I do. I have a have apartment in Serbia. Um, but when I'm coaching other places, like for example, this year before coronavirus hit, I was coaching in Poland. Usually if you're coaching in a different country, the team will pay for your housing and stuff.
Um the season is usually around five months. So you're usually coaching seven or eight months of the year because you have to come a little bit before the season starts.
Oh yeah, that was my first, my first head coaching job. It was uh that there was no chance. They were not very
it's not it's not necessarily that they weren't very good but they also they were mediocre talent wise and they didn't really show up to practice much and I was just like guys if you're not that good and you don't practice, I mean I don't really know what you're paying me for because this is not gonna work.
No, they didn't, we went one in one in seven that year. Yeah. And they invited me back for a second year and I was like um no, no thanks, I got other I got other stuff to do with my life.
Yeah, it's interesting to, a lot of them would say things like you just don't understand how hard it is to have a job and play or you don't understand how hard it is to go to school and play. And I was just like I went to university and played football. Like I, I do understand, I understand very well. I actually did that. It's like telling a doctor, you don't understand how hard medical school is. It's like, well actually they do. Oh yeah. But even though there's headaches, it's still worth it because I love to travel. So that's a big positive.
I have not been up to Slovakia. No.
Okay. Okay. I think Slovakia is very similar to Serbian. They're both Slavic languages.
Yeah.
What?
What?
So,
So,
huh. Patriot. Yeah,
because I like I spend most of my time in Serbia. Um, But I've coached I played once and coached twice in Poland. And so those languages are very similar. It's similar with check too. And some, which makes sense because they're right next to each other. Um
But
Well, maybe you would like Serbia to because there's only there's only seven million of them. So it's similar.
Or maybe or maybe the real thing is Montenegrin, you need to go to Montenegro because there's only I think it's 500,000 of them.
But well, yeah. Well, most of my Serbian friends were born when it was the same country. So I guess I know a lot of people born in Montenegro.
Kind of depends how you count it.
And
Yeah, languages are fascinating. Well, actually, North Macedonia was not always North Macedonia because they change that this year. I think it was It was Macedonia two years ago. Yeah.
Well basically what happened
was they want to be in the Eu Macedonia or I guess North Macedonia now. Um
But they have problems with Greece. Greece was throwing a hissy fit about some historical nonsense that Macedonia is not the real Macedonia. The historic Macedonia is different. And so that was kind of one of the conditions for Greece supporting there um potential entry into the Eu one of the conditions that Greece had was that they had to change the name. So they changed it from Macedonia to North Macedonia Which apparently it was good enough for the Greeks. I don't know. I'm not familiar with the history there. I don't know why the names such a big deal but I try not to be too judgmental because I'm american. So even if I study the history I don't really understand, I don't really feel it the same way they
do.
little
harsh.
sort.
No wow, that's impressive. There's a lot of flags. Almost 200. Right.
Yeah that sounds about 190 something. Yeah
that sounds, and then depending on who you talk to, there's some countries that say their countries but they're not and they get a little complicated.
Yeah. Sexual attraction is another thing I try my best to not be judgmental on. Um uh
So
what what is it?
Uh I've heard of the heard
of
the
think I've
island country. Right.
Yes I've heard of. Oh yes, it is very colorful.
Court
miller.
You got, you got me there. Africa is the, I mean my family's filipino. So I know a lot about asian countries. I've lived in europe lots. I know about european countries and from America. I after you get past you know if you get south of Egypt, I don't know a lot of african countries gets a lot harder. I mean I know Morocco is in Northern africa and that's about, that's about it,
her
Russia
is the easy one because it's so big.
I did not know that. I guess that makes sense because it is big. But I guess when you look at the map there so far away it's hard to compare.
well if you look at a map it looks pretty flat. Oh wow.
it is hard. Yeah that sometimes you hear things that are so crazy, it's like I'll try and be nice, I'll try my best.
It must have been like three years ago I was doing um mturk because my first year actually until I was 14 when I first year playing in Serbia, I was really bored because the guys on the team, only the americans get paid, so the guys on the team have jobs, so all of our practices and stuff were at night and so I did nothing to do during the day, didn't have anything to do until eight at night, so I was really bored and I was looking for online jobs just mostly out of boredom. So I started there and then I heard about prolific a couple years later. But the one negative about prolific is I can't use it when I'm in europe, I can only use it when I'm in America.
I think they can use it in the UK, it's just for sure. And I've tried and I've messaged them to try and get it to work, but especially in Poland and Serbia specifically you can't use it, which is, they just say they don't support those countries, which makes no sense because I'm still american, whether I'm here or in europe, I still have paypal, but you know, you can't in those arguments.
Yeah, I was wondering about that. I was, if I ever decide to stay the whole year in europe, I'll probably try that because I was just worried I get banned and then lose my chance to use it
when
I
hear.
Um my polish is terrible because I'm trying to learn Serbian, um polish and Serbian are similar but different, so it really confuses me I guess in my brain it's like english
and then everything else. So I'll just mix words and I gave up on polar because of that. I'd rather learn Serbian.
tagalog.
Um Not really, I, I understand much better than I speak. Um,
I always blame my grandmother and my mother. They messed me up because my grandmother when I was a child, she spoke to me in Tagalog and then I answered in english. So I, when I'm there, I get along just fine. I have no problem understanding people, but I speak terribly because they didn't force me to practice as a kid and it was a little bit too. I was a sensitive now I realized I was stupid. But when I did go to the Philippines when I was young, the kids made fun of me because I sounded american when I spoke and so I didn't ever want to speak, which as an adult, I realized that's, that's dumb. Who cares if some stupid kids make fun of you. But as a kid, I was really sensitive about that. So I refused to learn to speak even though I could understand it was like a mental block for me, but that's also why I was terrible at spanish because Tagalog and spanish are similar but different, so I would mix them
I have too many consonants in polish more
than any language I've seen it, It's crazy.
What
anything?
Yes.
Yeah, that's what frustrates me most most about Tagalog is when I say something, I hear it and I'm like yeah that's terrible and I know how it's supposed to sound, but like in my head I know how it's supposed to sound, but then when I'm speaking I'm like yeah that's not it, that wasn't close. Yeah, and and in the Philippines there's a problem of too many people speak english, so it never really forces you to learn because if you struggle a little bit when you try and speak they'll just talk to you in english to make it easy. You know when you when you buy an apartment in a small village in Serbia, you're forced to learn the basics quickly because you have no no other choice.
So
what?
You
know
similar similar here. There are a lot of mexicans in southern California and a lot of times the parents never end up learning english, they could just get along with
spanish just fine. Uh huh.
Just
it
I was expecting a cat that was not
no, I was just with the way you were reaching down, I was expecting a cat all
mom.
What a cute little guy. I have a bulldog but he's in Serbia sadly.
No, he's from Serbia.
No, I speak to him in english and I joked because he's an english bulldog so he understands, yeah,
you want to cheat.
Um No, not not at all there I would say probably even less because they're such friendly people, a lot friendlier than the average american. I would say.
We
yeah, I mean kind of they in Serbia it's weird somehow they find time for their friends all times of days. So yeah, I'll usually go you know, to coffee or grab a beer with friends like three or four times a week. But yeah, that still leaves a lot of time to get bored. Thank you.
It
yeah. Yeah, you can get I mean I just yeah, I don't know, I'm in a weird spot where football pays for like I don't know, 80-90% of what I need to live. So I I kind of rather than just get a job in a warehouse during the off season, I kind of just like finding random cool ways to make money on the internet because But yeah, money still matter. I still want to make money, but I'm almost make enough from football that I'd rather do something interesting than stack boxes at an amazon warehouse.
Um Well, the plan was to be a math teacher. Um and then I randomly got a message during my last semester of college from someone saying, hey, do you want to come play football in Serbia? And I thought, well yeah, I don't have anything planned because I graduated in after the fall semester. And so I was planning on, you know, maybe subbing in the spring and summer and then getting a teaching job in the fall. So I thought, oh yeah, I'll go play six months in Serbia and then move on with my life as a math teacher. And that six months is turned into six years so far. So, so much for that plan. Yeah.
Yeah. I still love it as much as I ever did, in my opinion, the best sport, but I'm obviously very biased. Um, I'm, my main focus is coaching 100%,, but I'm willing to play here and there. Um, there was a team in Serbia that was going to play a friendly against a team in Croatia and I was going to play in just that one game, but coronavirus canceled that. Um, so I'm open to plain like single kind of friendly exhibition games here. Were there? Um, also I play for the Philippine national
team, but
I mean they have a gym every
game. No, not at all. Famous american football is wildly
unpopular, not unpopular, but it's just not popular in the Philippines so I'll play for them. But they play one or two games a year on a normal year. So I'm just I'm retired in the sense that I don't play regularly, but I'm always open anytime I get a chance to play in a country I haven't played in before. I'll take it.
Yeah, last like june so it's been over a year. Yeah.
Yeah. I I suspect not. I think I've really, I really enjoyed coaching and I think I'll probably make a make a career out of that rather than, well mostly because I don't want to move back to America full time. I just think the lifestyle in europe is a little bit better. Not even a little bit. I think it's a lot better. Yeah, but it's just me. I mean my, I bought my apartment in Serbia, it cost me $15,000. Um I don't think you can buy a closet for $15,000 in America. So it'll be really hard for me to go back mentally. Hard for me to go back and pay american prices for everything. Mm hmm.
Well he's an english bulldog which
I did
not know it was different until a couple months ago and I felt really silly but apparently they're different.
They're just different breeds I guess the english bulldogs a little bit bigger. So apparently there are english french and american bulldogs
fred.
please. I don't think so. But french are the smallest and then english are the biggest and then american are kind of in the middle. Thank you.
apparently a Serbian rottweiler. I don't know.
My
fiance,
No she played for the team I played for in 2018. Um She yeah she played for the women's team. Yeah I
don't
know it
let's see. Trying to find a picture.
I don't know. I don't know if it's going to show good on my phone. Let me see if I could. That's him.
Yeah I always joke he looks just like his dad.
Right she parks every time we leave them alone it's crazy.
you. He's a good boy. I think bulldogs are great because they're kind of that in between where they're active enough that you can enjoy taking them for walks and stuff but they're also sort of lazy so they don't that much attention. I think they're kind of a good mixture.
probably probably both bulldogs have yeah they have the small noses so they have breathing problems. Yeah
he snores like a crazy person but
he he has an instagram.
Um It's, let me see let me double check this. Right. Yeah it's bulldog underscore max. M. A. X. X.
Mhm. Yeah underscore max M. A. X. X.
big
he's a big boy and that's the that picture you just looked at. That's the balcony of the of my apartment.
I don't thankfully
it must be because
every bulldog we see as much he has very wide shoulders compared to all the other bulldogs we see and so I'm not really sure how he ended up so big but he
did
yeah that's him. Oh
I guess I'm the opposite way I'm more of a dog person but I like cats. I'm not one of those people that hates the other thing. Like I've mm I have certain cats that I'm very very fond of.
No I don't know different kinds of cats. I just mean actual cats that I know in real life. Yeah,
not
the main, I know what a maine coons looks like just because my friend just got one
those
are intent.
I don't they freak me out. They look so weird. But then again I really love bulldogs and I guess objectively bulldogs look
weird too. But it's like the weird that I like. I don't know,
there must be and I think there has to be a cat that looks like everything right?
You like hairless cats? Okay. Okay.
And
get
out. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. But allergies I'm not allergic to any animals but I'm apparently allergic to europe. Which is annoying
because
I love you. I
only
have allergies in europe, I don't have allergies in Asia, I don't have allergies in America. I don't have allergies when I'm in europe.
I don't
know
what it is.
no, nothing that I know of.
Yeah, there has to be something that's different. It's I'm sure it's like a certain kind
of plant
that we
don't have In other places, but I
don't know which one I wish I did.
But
um kind of random fact, that's the coolest
part of
coronavirus for me is I realized that I've been wasting my money on allergy medications
these last couple of years because wearing a mask outside just takes care of that. So that was a lucky discovery from coronavirus.
we have a really
great too.
38
or something. Yeah.
Yeah, it was great to see you too. I really enjoyed
our conversation.