home
Good. Can you hear me?
Yes I can hear and you can see my camera.
Okay my neck was good. All right perfect.
Let me be playing there so that we don't forget. Okay 25 minutes. Yeah.
great great woman. Haven't heard of that name in a while.
This is my 4th or 5th time.
mm. Yeah. Um I'm glad that they started it up again. Uh this is I think the second trial
do you use prolific or do you some turk?
um what time is it for you?
I'm in new york city so it's through.
Uh I lived here my entire life. Was that my mother was yours?
Um
Yes I um I was I was born in a borough called Bronx and it's known for a gangster. So I am an original gangster right
part.
Yes I did I did I did live in California for about a year. I did six months in sacramento. I visited san Francisco and then I spent the remaining of the year. And hello? Mhm.
mm. Have you been to Mexico before?
Do you just drive down
Do you sure do show a passport and that's it.
he's american he's fine. You walk along walk along mm.
I wonder if it's the same with Canada. I went to college right by Canada but I was never able to visit Niagara Falls. Mhm.
Biology. Mhm. Yeah
you're the second person in my life to study my
did you?
Yes. What did you was it wait wait is it applied? What's it called? What's the card? Mhm bible. Pure map I don't remember. Yeah
what was?
wow.
Oh my gosh you're a genius. Holy snap
but you're good at math. Right?
That makes sense. Um Life isn't interesting if there's no challenge. Are you do you work with numbers now? Are you like an accountant
coach? Are you in europe right now? You're not in europe right now?
Why europe?
What's
the difference,
how do they make it work if they're working less hours but they're getting paid more? I feel like you know.
No.
Hi
A forward I lagged
how do you need a teaching degree to become a coach here?
What?
Mhm Okay, that makes sense. Well I can't believe it, you're the first coach I've ever spoken to,
you're doesn't matter. Um You oh so do you have a house and do you have a do you have a house in europe or?
well and how long do you coach for?
Mm Okay. Have you ever had to coach a team where you're like, these guys are not going to win even if I tried?
Oh my gosh.
I smoke commitment at all. You guys got to that they end up winning.
mm. Mhm. That's interesting.
have you ever been to Slovakia before?
It's my favorite european country? I've never traveled. I've never traveled to you before. But I do I do love the language trying to learn it.
Um Slav languages. Well, Slovak is similar to check because Czechoslovakia was a thing until 1993. Um
Yes, but there are some differences. It's kind of, well, I can't
think of a synonymous like comparison, but yes, it's check is
mark, Check is more close check this closer Slovak.
But I love sort of like, oh my God, it's just
there's just so romantic and it's like so nice.
Mhm,
borders salak. Oh my gosh, it's just so I just I just dislike the fact that there's only six million Slovak, so you know, there is no real need to learn the language. There's only one university in Usa that teaches Slovak studies, which is in University of Pittsburgh, um which is kind of, you know, that's
that's that's that's the goal, you know? Yeah,
I mean,
Oh my gosh, um I think I've only met one person from Montenegro, but
I don't know.
Yeah. Um and then uh what's it? I'm blanking on the work, but I do I do love talking to a lot of european people. Um I sometimes I play different games, um
different mmorpg s and then I go on voice fats. And then I was talking to a guy from North Macedonia and he's like yeah it wasn't always North Macedonia and then he was speaking in greek and I'm like I love languages, it's my the way you feel about sport, that's the way that I feel about languages.
about uh he was he was he was lecturing me on it, but you're you're a
hi.
respect the names.
And
definitely um I did get more, I got I got more and I got more interested in uh different countries maybe two years ago when I started learning um someone uh so on a game that I used to play cauldron escape, there was a there was a player who was from Saudi Arabia and he was showing me his flag or whatever. Um and he's like oh do you do you recognize this flag? And I said no I don't know what that flag is. Um And so you know he said the while you're like a generic ignorant, arrogant american woman or like american um and that
kind
of you know but it made it made sense. Um So I just decided to start
learning different flags and no I know every flag in the world.
Uh What they uh yeah it's 100 and 97 or something but then there's some that aren't in the U. N. Yeah
and
Auto, auto, auto. Yeah I have a I have like a community just just for posting for just posting flags. Um. Yeah it's it's a it's a passion of mine. So the study of flags flags is called vex theology. And uh there are people that can be um uh because I was just searching like words that are similar to the technology for in fact, there are people who are sexually attracted to flags that is not me. But that's just, that's just that's just something, you know, interesting.
Flags,
but there's a flag that you should look up right now.
It's an african or I guess it's an african territory. It's called Seychelles. So it's S E Y C H E L L E S.
Look
at
the flag.
Well, look at the flag, look at the flag.
It's an island.
Yes, it's beautiful. It's not as colorful as um Mauretania, Martinez, I
forgot.
Yeah, Africa was the first continent that I learned all the country flags. There's a lot of green.
I don't actually know geography. Um So I'm learning geography. If you if you google something like map uh flags of the world, you can see all of the flags. So you
see Russia and you see like Uzbekistan and turkmenistan and all these other countries. Um
So
definitely did you know that Australia is the same size as the United States?
Uh and the world is flat, so I'm just checking, interesting.
It's hard not to be judgmental sometimes when you hear Yeah, different things.
Okay, we have six minutes, we have six minutes left. Um hmm. How did you had um when did you start using prolific? Wait.
I know my friend from Afghanistan tried using it, but the only reason why he couldn't use it is because um prolific accepts Paypal and Paypal doesn't work in uh you understand? I don't, I don't know, he's in Syria now, but he's in Afghan, I don't know. Um that's kind of interesting. But isn't the prolific headquarters is in the UK, so
B P N I think you need a VPN.
No,
there
have,
yeah, there have been studies where they say please turn off for VPN if you have one on. So I suppose that you can probably use a VPN um do you know polish or serving with all?
All
Um well, um I don't know how to pronounce the language and Philippines, it's what's that?
Yes to colleague Golic, do you know how to speak up?
Mhm,
Jack. And when I look at uh when I look at polish, I just, I just imagined scissors just like you know the medicines?
No,
I'm in the same situation as you because I'm hispanic and my grandmother, my paternal grandmother and my mother and I suppose my father, they would speak to me in spanish. Um I would speak more english to my mother because she was trying to learn um how to better listening skills in english. Um but now I'm, I'm doing this thing where I speak to my mother only in spanish and it is embarrassing because my pronunciation is garbage, but um
you have to be garbage first before you can be victoria's, so that's kind of how
I see it yes,
or being a coach or football player.
Um it's a similar situation in new york city where there are a lot of in my neighborhood, there are a lot of immigrants from spanish speaking countries. Uh and there are most of the sales representatives and anyone working, they do most likely know spanish. So someone
who is poor in english is struggling to speak english, they're just going to be spoken in spanish, so they're never really going to practice. It's the same thing with my paternal grandmother
where she doesn't really know how to speak english even though she's been here for decades.
Um It's
interesting. It's really interesting. I don't know.
Well.
Do you
want to see my, you want to see my husband? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Great.
Great.
do you have a card?
Now his, his cages beside the dress
here,
did you bring him from California?
I speak to him in Serbian.
good. I kind of want to cheat.
I want to cheat. So would you would you say that you feel more isolated when you're in Serbia or in Poland because it's like the follow up questions you know?
But I thought you said because you work you work at night that like you
spend most of your most of your mornings or most of your day just being by yourself perhaps?
um I think I started doing prolific and well last year in october um it's
it's passive income but it's it's delicious in my opinion, it's pretty good.
I would be fine stocking boxes in it, having time where if you weren't doing football what would you be doing, would it be another sport or would it be something completely different?
do you still play football? Are you are you are you still are you still in love with the sport?
That's cool.
You're
famous. What?
Good.
Uh But um so you you haven't played football since last year I suppose are
well that's are you going to become a math teacher now?
And there is also the american bulldog. So what could do, how could you abandon him? Her?
No english product,
my mistake.
What's the difference? Bigger eyes,
serving
bulldogs? I'm serpent serpent bulldogs. Is that a thing?
Serpent rottweiler? What is this?
Who's taking care of him right now?
The
did you, did you meet in a game? Is it the parent of one of your students?
How
long
up sir?
The doggy?
He's you'd
does he bark, does he bark of an accent? I'm just joking.
That's amazing.
And bulldogs, they have breathing issues or is that the pugs, pugs or? Oh it's plugs
this
uh do you have any videos online or maybe I could just search it up. Bulldogs tomorrow?
Oh my gosh.
Right. Right, so well okay, bulldog underscore
maximally maximilian maximilian girl. Oh he's huge. Okay, I'm following him. Oh my gosh. He looks like he plays football. Oh my
look
so you don't live in a closet into serving.
Did he get did he get a physical characteristics from you? Are you like a big guy? I can't tell. Oh my God,
no,
I
can smell all
His face is through screechy herrick. I'm more of a cow person but I can appreciate a good dog, you know?
Oh my gosh. Which which is your favorite cat?
Siamese with the triangle face? Or there's a long hair, there's some main croons, which can be up to like
£30
huge.
What's
who do you like the furthest careless cuts
you?
All right. I wonder if there's a cat that looks like a bulldog
Not like a bulldog, does it look quickly? Others A hairless cat.
I suffer from allergies, but I mean Charles is pretty furry. But um no, I just I think
I think it's the contrary pain inside of me where it's like everyone hates it. So, I'm gonna love that shit out of you know how this
goes?
It's
europe
our
soldiers.
I think
the
election,
it could be the pollen that genetically modified trees and the flowers. And maybe even the foods. Are you allergic to any foods?
I'm allergic to a lot of foods, but maybe maybe maybe it's different in europe.
For
month
after
Tommy.
That's
amazing.
I
want
so when
Right. In china because air pollution is so bad. They do they were masks and it's apparently really good. It's kind of it's crazy to think that that that is where we might head to with all the industrialization and stuff like that. But Okay. Well we've been talking for almost 40 minutes. Oh
no, no.
Oh is it? Oh yeah.
40 minutes.
Yeah. It is great to meet you. I do have to go. Um But it's great to see you Great Grace. Um
All