Hello?
Hi, can you hear me
okay? How are you?
I am good. I'm good. I'm aimin
And uh, opening from there. You right now?
That's,
yes, I do.
I'm from Pakistan. I'm in texas right now, Houston, so it's like
mm, it's
hot. Um, I have lived in um upstate new york before this and Minnesota. So I just moved like a few months that before corona, that's how life is these days before and after corona. So we moved it before corona and it's been hot. Quite a change.
it's
big.
You know, that's the thing. It's so big. It doesn't feel like you stayed at all. It feels like a country to moving from one place and after nine hours you're still in texas.
it's
smart. I know
it's
like uh, but then I like states that are cool. So it's better to be in Delaware right now than in texas
yet.
Use
limits human too. So that's what I don't like, like he is not a problem if it's not really sticky
but
I don't know. So. Uh
in the
But I didn't know if they had storms
in Delaware.
Thank
you.
but
at least it'll maybe it'll take the humidity away. So uh
Go
1st.
Yeah. Yeah that's the same thing in Houston.
You can't go out in the day, like you can't walk, especially the summer months which is all the all the year throughout the year except like maybe three months. You can't really go out unless it's proper evening and the sun's gone down or it's crazy.
Texas
never really shut down completely. They were like they did take some measures where they restricted uh shops to you know like restaurants to 25% capacity and that sort but they never really shut down. And the beach here, it's been open throughout. Um Not well because that's why uh it's texas is like uh like one of the epicenters right now because we've gone crazy over here with the virus cases and they were planning to open the schools but they couldn't and they don't even know yet. They're planning till december for online learning. And it's crazy
because Children have already been home for five months and it's been it's going to be the whole year now.
And
they're coming
back to parents that they're coming back
to their parents, they're coming back to their homes and that's that's my point too. But I really wanted my Children to go back because if it wasn't like I wanted the virus to go down so that the Children could go because it's not safe with the virus, but it's not really good for mine or my Children's mental health. Mhm.
For them to be home and inside for so long. But
You
know what
the worst thing is they can they can't even go out in the outside in the neighborhood now because there are people without masks all around and uh my husband's kind of strict about this because he's a doctor so he's like they already are exposed from me, I don't want others being exposed by then. And it's crazy because the the only thing now, the only entertainment now they have is netflix and Youtube and that and it's like they're addicted to it now after five months it's so difficult to get them off that and you know, move around, take them to the mall, even even taking them to the mall is such a big task because they'd be complaining all the time and they didn't used to do that. Like I have seen those changes in my kids in the five months. It's crazy.
I want to you
you
kind
of miss it. Mm
was always home like I'm a stay at home parent. So it's not like it's a change for me, but the changes the kids being home all the time and then your because we are not going out even if we uh we have to eat from outside with like take out food or something because that's not really stopped over here at all. So we just take out food, come back home and eat it. So the big thing is now it's it's a big, big day when we go out to the mall just you don't see people around and when most of them aren't wearing masks, it's crazy because then you need to I don't know.
Would they?
But
still
it
could
be
a problem. The tiny part could have been a
problem if people weren't following the SNPs because it would have spread like lava over there. Texas has that problem. They have this uh king that I've seen that they don't want if there's a rule they would like to not follow it regardless of if it's for their own thing or not.
And that's
what I don't really understand. I've been to other parts of the United States. I've lived there and I always thought that people are more rules for I'm from Pakistan, people don't like to follow rules over there too. So I was like okay people over here you know, they they like Krul's they like a certain standard a set standard that will keep everyone convenience. But this thing has kind of it's like the U. S. Is not like one country. It's like different. Every state is different and
florida.
Hello?
and texas is exactly the same. They like at first they were even now there are restaurants that would open the back doors, they would be closed on the front and they're letting people in from the back and they would be packed during the peak of the virus. And it was so crazy because okay fine you got to eat you want to eat outside. That's one thing you want you don't want to cook at home. That's one thing but you're risking your life for that. I don't understand that. Uh It's so crazy. They are you go in uh Costco and there would be people without masks and stubbornly saying that they will not.
I saw
that with you too.
Seriously.
And they're licking one mart. I saw with you about some Children or someone, some woman licking walmart aisles. It's because she wanted to prove her point that there is no corona,
great.
Maybe
minute.
I
good
time
beef.
Because
that's the guilt. That's the guilt that will follow what if something happened to them and I don't know, that's why I was like the school's first, they were planning on a hybrid um model like they would divide the Children into groups and called one group and then that kind of stuff. But even that even with that the teachers would be at risk and you don't know who everyone goes back to. You can't keep track of all those families and it would be crazy. So I just hope this ends because
she's
He
got yeah.
I
don't
think anyone's
going back to normal. I
You don't know really Like now you can't really be sure that where you're going would be safe because this has, this has never happened. No one imagined this could happen. And now we can. So I don't think anyone would ever accept accept Floridians and excess people to be going. Maybe no to a packed beach or a packed club or a packed restaurant. No one would be comfortable with that. Now I don't know if I would be because my husband came home told me every day that these into. People have been on ventilators and full capacity and all that. And they were, there was and the images from new york at first were crazy. We were so scared because my mother was here to visit us and she was stuck here. I couldn't go back and she's 70 years old. So weaver she had to go back but we were also afraid of letting her go to the airport because what what would happen like we don't know if people would be at that time. It was crazy because no one anywhere except maybe new york or someplace is no one took it seriously. No one is taking it seriously. But thank God she's back now. So uh she didn't, she traveled and she's okay. So yes, but it's I don't know, she said she's never going to travel by playing again or
going
in.
After
don't
you?
Hm
I
don't think
and
there's
no way out. You can't even see a way out. That's the that's the part that gets me because usually everything at first they were saying it would vanish in summers, the virus can't live in the uh in hot temperatures and that it did vanish and now winters are here again almost It's fall season and I don't know, 2020
is going
ever
F
Seriously,
there
there's a whole uh this uh this person on twitter has made a whole list of things that have come and that have happened in 2020 and what else could come And it's so crazy because he's like now there's going to be a big earthquake all over the world and no one's seen it before and it might just happen because you never know.
this was next.
It's
crazy. I just when I look back, 2020 is one year that just seems to vanish. I can't think of what I did this year because there's nothing I didn't accept stay home. It's like we've been moving for some time now because my husband was a resident. So he uh finishes 11 training and then he goes to another. So we moved cities a lot. And uh my Children were saying that day that it's always been when we've moved we've explored that place and you don't get to know that place. So we've been getting going to places and doing that for some time now. And this year we've stayed home and got food from Domino's or whatever and eating at home and that's it, that's your vacation, that's it.
But
but it's still going to be the U. S.
So
it's all closed.
Even.
Normalizing.
Even
if it's not the US, even if it's anywhere in the world the whole world has this,
so it's not like we can move to Zimbabwe and we'd be safe. Yeah.
But their their standard of shutting down is a lot more their bar, they've set the bar a lot more lower than here because my sister is in Australia. Uh the moment they had a virus, they shut down everything even uh like people weren't even allowed in other people's homes. Like if they see a car outside your home, your neighbor could report you okay. And this was way back in March april when they got the first two other virus, then they opened up and then they had Maybe 100 or 200 cases all over Australia and they shut back down again. So our bar is like maybe 20,000 cases and then we shut down. Their bar is 200. So that's why and UK is, I don't know you que has been bad all throughout this. UK hasn't managed it really well,
but
people, it would, but people couldn't do that. I don't think people would agree to that because there are small businesses and there are a lot you need to fund them. And what they could have done over here was they could have shut down maybe 50%. They let the shops open, let them be open. But you know, put a limit on people inside and like they're doing here now and close down the beach is closed down. The restaurants, closed down the bars, Close down the movie traitors. Or maybe you know, uh even in movie traitors, you could do that with good cleaning and you know, less capacity make a 25% capacity. But the mosques should be sure mosques should be mandatory. And that's the problem. Countries who like uh Australia, uh UK, even now they've made masks compulsory. And I think that's how they're getting this under control. And that's why we aren't because of the First Amendment.
that you heard about that uh this conspiracy theory that it's all Bill Gates and he's going to put a chip in the vaccine and
you and monitor you. He doesn't need that. You're already being monitored.
I think it's crazy. I don't understand how they get like, seriously, when I was in Pakistan, we have a very low literacy rate. Like in us at least your public education is free till high school, right, Pakistan isn't like that. You have to pay. So a lot of poor people don't even get elementary education. So when people who were there say that we won't vaccinate our kids against this and this is a conspiracy. I kind of understand. I don't understand why they say it over here because you're supposed to have at least elementary education. And most of most of the people are high school graduates. So they would have some kind of logic because they fasted, they passed their grades, They studied stuff, they've studied uh human biology, they know how this works.
But
I
don't I don't understand why that is my problem. That's what, because I think when you're educated, it kind of enlightens you. It makes your it opens your mind up and this pandemic has proved me wrong. Education has nothing to do with logic. I
think now
the people want uh they're anti-vaxxers. They it's so crazy because I come from a country which still has polio as an epidemic, right? So I know that I saw Children with polio with their, with their lower limbs completely gone. And here they say that we won't vaccinate our kids because they'll be autistic. It's crazy.
You
guys
do have that alien purity to us a little,
but
it's fun. It's fun. You get to see all kind of people, you get to laugh at them. Actually. It's fun.
Honestly,
I
was
so happy to be in texas because they've got uh, good food overhead Is what I heard. And I was really excited when we were coming to Texas, but 2020 wasn't a good year.
You do that.
Maybe
maybe some other year maybe before or after this thing. But this is crazy. This. You're, you're
better
off
fast forward this, right? Yeah,
that's what I do.
saying very
please.
Yes. Just just pray for this to be over. Yes. Okay, bye.
Bye.