Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, tired. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Come on. Uh huh. Yes, it is. Little more. Uh huh. The next mono. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. Right. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A hat. Mhm. Oh, quarter yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Your body. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. You do this world. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Right. It's about my parents order. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, I'm at the home. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Okay. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Party. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right, mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi.
Yes, I hear you.
I'm good. How are you?
I'm George,
I'm in Delaware. Do
you know where that do you know where that is?
Where are you from?
Taxes,
so how's life in texas?
I've never been to texas. That's one of the
few states that I have yet to get to. Um But I heard a top and it's big, right, it's a texas
is enormous.
Right. In Delaware You Drive two hours, you're gone, you're out of the state,
it's
so
tiny.
Well, you might be surprised it's been pretty hot here to uh in the 90s. Uh today it's about 88° so far. Um it's been it's been pretty hot but the worst is the humidity, it's been so humid.
Um It's just
it's they got.
Right. I agree.
Same thing. Yeah.
We're actually supposed to get some kind of storm. Either today or tomorrow. There's that hurricane which
I can't well it's it's coming up the coast right now, it's like in south Carolina and then it's it's going to be moving north and it's supposed to come through this whole area. I I can't pronounce the name of the hurricane, it's like Isaiah's or so they always name on these crazy names. I just I don't even know how to say. But so you tomorrow, tonight or tomorrow we're supposed to get a pretty good storm coming. So.
Hello?
Oh yeah because it comes up if it comes up the coast like it hit florida and then it just travels up the coast and
sometimes it goes back out to sea and then sometimes it comes more inland. So I'm
hoping it goes away because I don't want to deal with the rain and the wind and, and all that. But no, what
are you going to do?
That? That would be nice. Yeah. I went out this morning to cut my lawn because I knew it was gonna rain. So I figured let me do it first and I was just dying. And I went out like eight o'clock this morning. So I'm like, oh, I hope my neighbors aren't going to be mad
because I'm out there with a lawn mower. But as soon as I came out, like two of my other neighbors came out with their lawnmowers. So I guess they were waiting to see who was going to cut the lawn first,
you know.
Come on
How is um your
you shut down or you opened up now after corona? Like what's the what's going on in texas?
Why?
Yeah. I don't I don't really know what to like my opinion on that is because I think kids should probably go back to school but at the same time even if they say that like Children have less less instances of it or they don't get it as bad. But what about the teachers and kids are always
sick so teachers get
normally
with.
Sure. Yeah.
I read um the C. D. C. Came out with a recommendation and and they want kids to go back to school and they said that um with the virus it's kind of like nobody really knows like how it spreads are it's still you know brand new but the effects of mental on your mental health is well documented you know so so Children who are going to school and aren't around other kids and living a normal life for a child it could be worse to to do that than to
you know subject them
to a disease.
Yeah. We've been as far as social distancing and masks here. Everybody wears masks here um Like anywhere you go everybody's got a mask on the restaurants I think they just opened up a couple of weeks ago they were doing take out a lot of takeout business and then they set up outside so you could eat outside but when it's 90° nobody wants to sit outside and eat. But I I I haven't been I I go out to the store grocery shopping and that's it, you know, I don't go out to restaurants, I don't go to you know anywhere else. I'm just always home, I work from home so it's kind of normal for me to be doing this, but at the same time I like to go out once in a while, you know? Yeah
you
get a little
star crazy
you know uh
but here every if you go there's signs everywhere that you have to have a mask, you know whatever, you know if you're going into store there's signs outside the same ask required.
So we've been pretty good with that and I don't think it's Um been that bad here like nationwide compared comparatively. Although Delaware so tiny, it's, you know,
there's like 10
people
that
live
here.
Eric
yeah, right. I, some, some states, I don't understand people like when there, you know, they say, oh, it's, you're infringing on my rights and you know, all that, it's, people are dying, you know, people are getting sick and dying, you can't wear a mask to help. I mean, what does that have to do with your freedom? It's, but people are stubborn, especially, you know, the United States, in some parts of the United States where you are specifically
is
especially like
florida florida, I wish, I wish we could send florida to another country
because those people every day I read something out of florida and I'm like, oh my God, what, what is wrong with those people?
Yeah. Yeah, I've seen the video, I've seen some videos, I saw this woman in the supermarket and she uh they told her to put a mask on and she didn't want to do it, so she took all the food out and started throwing it on the floor, she emptied her whole
cart
and I was like what is wrong? What? You know, does corona is, are people going crazy? Like it seems like a side effect is that people have lost their minds,
you know?
Uh it's
too bad that it only doesn't affect
those people because we would do well
to get rid of, you know, a certain amount of our population, you know, they had to say that, but some of these people are just they're so selfish, you know,
they only think about themselves and they don't care. You know like I I stay away like
I haven't
been near my I've got
some older neighbors so I waved to them but I won't go near them because you know, I mean if I get it, it's one thing, but if you're 70 years old or 80 it could be, you know the end of you. You know like my mom is she lives in New Jersey And she's 75 and I haven't seen her since before. You know, usually I go and visit her every couple of months. I haven't seen her since like january or february because then it started in March. I talked to her all the time. I talk to her every day on the phone. Um but I can't go see her, you know because what if I have it and I don't know, I don't, you know, they say there's some people that have it that are symptomatic, so I don't want to put anybody, I don't put my mom's health at risk, you know or anybody else for that matter anybody older, you know, I don't want to get anybody else sick, you know like getting
my go ahead.
I know things, it's just it's like uh it's like a Stephen King novel,
you know like what's going on and and it's because and were were torn because like people need to work and make money to pay their bills and you know, and at the same time it's like don't do that and what are you supposed to do? You know businesses are going under, you know, restaurants going every, he likes declaring bankruptcy. I mean I never imagined something like this could ever happen
and
guess I'm surprised that it didn't happen before this, you know like It could have happened 10 years ago. It could happen you know it could happen again like the whole world is going to change because of this. You know like
everybody
said
like after
no I don't how could how could you we do normal again? I mean I don't know like movie theaters are like gone here like they you know nobody's going to see movies. All these businesses are just like what are they supposed to do, you know?
my
what?
My wife is a travel agent so that's been nobody's going anywhere and there's places that just won't let, they won't let americans in any way. So
she had to you know all these people have travel booked you know already I have to cancel and get your money back or the travel agency, the cruise lines and their extent they're saying you know booking for next year they move it forward and then there's all kinds of deals like you can get a really cheap thing in a year if it exists. But I mean the airlines at the cruise, the cruise lines, they might disappear. They have no people, you know I mean you can't have a business without clients and or you know without people traveling. So my my wife was working for a while and her her boss got the P. P. P. Loan thing to to keep her going for a while. Um that ran out so now my wife is unemployed for load and but who knows if that's ever you know when that's going to come back. You know I mean, I,
we
had a vacation, the two vacations already that we missed, we were gonna go to Jamaica in
june and um we had another one right before that and you know, we couldn't go and we have a cruise that's coming up in november, I
don't think that's gonna happen. Um
and it's, you know, I mean, I feel bad you know for for, but it's just every business is just hurting so bad right now, you know like what are
you supposed
to do?
I know
it's the worst year
like ever. We
have, we have murder hornets, did you hear about the bees that killed people? We have like everything
is coming out like what, what's happened, what's next? I can't imagine what's going to happen
then.
I wouldn't be surprised at this point. I would just be like, of course it's 2020 of course,
you know, That is
crazy.
you'll get lucky and move somewhere else soon. Maybe he's got somewhere else to go for
training.
That's
true.
that's true. Yeah, this is, you can't escape it. You know, like it's,
there's been, there's been disasters, you know, like floods and earthquakes and all, but it's always localized
like you could leave there and go somewhere else. You can't go nowhere now in the entire
world, you know?
No.
I am surprised because I was here and you know, like other places were doing better, you know, Australia and England and all that and now I'm hearing now they're shutting back down like, and I'm like, I thought they were okay, getting better. It doesn't seem like it's getting better for anybody.
Yeah. I don't know why we can't just like if we said everybody stay home for a month, nobody leave your house, wouldn't it disappear? Like if nobody was around anybody for a month?
You would think?
Right. And and they, I think the only thing that could save us or help is when they come out with the vaccine, but then there's going to be a lot of people that are going to go, I'm not getting a vaccine.
I heard something.
Exactly. Right. Like they know everything about us already. So what else? You know? Yeah.
I think you're giving americans too much credit because there
are there are some of the dumbest people I've ever seen in the world, in this country,
you know.
No,
no, it doesn't.
It's a conspiracy. Americans love a conspiracy. They think everything is run by some secret cabal, you know, that's behind everything and it's they give too much credit to the government. The government is not that smart. You know, it's like they think the government is doing all these secret things behind they maybe they're doing Snowden things, but you know, the government is run by people just like, you know us and you know, the normal people
that there's not, you know, unless there's aliens, you know, that came from another planet, that
what
we have a crazy country, we have a crazy country. I don't know
what to say.
I'm just glad I'm not in texas. No offense or florida. I'm glad to be in this little state.
That's
sort
of
No, not for anyone,
not for
anyone.
I
can't
I just wanted to be over 2020. Let's let's go past this and go into another year because this is just
fast forward.
I think that we made our time limit here. So it was a very nice talking to you. Be safe,
stay, stay safe and I hope things turn out better for all of
us.
okay
bye bye.