well
pretty good. How are you?
We live in California, how about you?
L.
A.
Uh slogans are moving.
Absolutely.
my entire life pretty much. Okay so
So what do you do now these like school or work or,
And
what's
that like?
Yeah I have
Sounds pretty cool.
I'm in the sports. Yeah.
Pretty much. Yeah.
Overwatch. Yeah.
definitely.
Well for around two years now.
So what do you do in your free time? You're like not working?
Yeah I heard that's
pretty good.
pretty much video games. Yeah.
I've
been
playing
of
particularly
sponsored in salary and all that.
so it's like this um independent
company called Genji sports and they're based on you have offices in California like shanghai and all over the world basically there are pretty big so like you know salary rights not to really worry about that, you know. So yeah, pretty much living
the dream I guess.
still like it starts in usually on March in in september and then like we have an off season for around a month I guess and we start practicing again. It's pretty much a
year long job to be honest
because we have like streaming environments like we have to stream unfit for like a number of hours or else you don't fulfill our contract. So like they're pretty steamed about that. So if you think about it pretty much working year long round, you know, maybe like a month off and then after that it's just constantly working
and also my space in Asia and the china region. But because of Corbyn, you know, we all got some too usa
so we could all have matches here. Yeah. But usually like if we were non pandemic condition would be like fallible world flight paris and London
and all that and doing Matthew there.
Yeah. Well like after experiencing like I have a ton of respect for like actual sports players now because you know, they travel all the time, you know, for your magic and stuff and I don't understand how they can do because it's just so tired, you know, just constantly traveling around. It's just really
tiring.
the
time difference is just brutal.
Right. So it's been a while since I've watch the movie
actually, I like, I like watching like aside from just to watch like a bit of anime recently because my friends are into it. So I watch a bit of anime recently. Um I'm trying to get into movies but like end up falling asleep, I just start the movie. Yeah, so I'm trying to watch movies. How about you?
Yeah I watched that, it was almost pleasantly surprised by how good it was because you know you're going to buy into the hype because I usually end up being let down but I thought that was actually a really good movie.
it's not because I'm korean, it's like it's not the robust but like you know that movie things so well it's pretty much like a national event basically, but it's understandable because of the amount of success of God, it was just incredible.
Oh yeah that was solid,
his acting was just off the top, it was really good.
it was pleasantly surprising how good it was. So you mentioned you have two kids, What's that like raising two kids?
Mhm. So as a pandemic affected in like a serious way or are you just in pretty well?
Yeah, because like we have to like sort of certain ads that we played per stream, so the viewers like have to see the ads no matter what, because twitch has been like twitch has been really like cleverly like they beat all like the ad blocking software. So basically no way to block the ads. So you get money off of that and then the number of hours we stream on, which converts directly to the amount of money we get. So I guess for me personally like selfish salad, it's better because you know, more people
stay
at home, they have a lot more free time. It's a lot more time to watch stuff like
that, which, you know, it's pretty good and I've always pretty much like texting at home. So like for me personally, I really like the whole stay at home thing. Yeah.
that makes sense because from home and all that. Yeah.
And they want to work out I guess. Yeah.
Yes. So like there's this like whole perception of older people not being able to do as well as younger people. There have been a few studies and about it and like there's no conclusive evidence to suggest that like, you know, the older people can't prove as well. But I guess
like
or it's prefer to go with younger people just because you know, with older
people, you know what they are like they've retreated basically. We're also if younger people, you can shape them into a player you want to be and
just like a ton of potential I guess. And they have a lot more energy I guess than, you know, some older
players. So or is do tend to lean towards younger players because of that reason. But recently people have been,
or what I've been trying to get with older people because they have that sense of maturity, you know, like even has seen for a while longer sweeping the stability to a team. So I guess we're like those reasons, like older players are a bit better than, you know, players I guess.
guess
the biggest one is like, you know, reacting like because like you have to
react like basically in a second for like any sports based activity and as the older you get, you know, obviously that declines a bit. So I guess that's the biggest thing.
To be honest, I really know because like,
I
never,
yeah, I think I did because I really like really bad at school blake, I never really like studying either, so like the whole concept of schools like
brutal to me, you know, like, I always thought about like if I didn't have any sports, maybe like go to community college or trade school, like become a plumber or something like that, because I prefer doing some like hands on and compared to like, you know, to stay in the classroom, that's learning and all that. Like, I've never been the type two, just like straight up to psych marina, so I've always been into the whole like hands on, like learning all that, so I guess that's where I'd be right now if I were in a sports.
I feel like in general like trade offs are really like Undervalued by a lot of people. Like I feel like even in 2020 people still look down on it. Like you don't think it's like a real job and they think like getting a four year university degree and like natural, I was like way more superior and like, I feel like that perception is changing, but you know, because I feel like trade jobs are just as important valid blood, you know?
it's from
four year degree.
so like even for college graduates these days, like it's extremely hard to get a job, whereas trade jobs
were still like I read the letters like a deficiency like employees working in trade jobs. So like I feel like people should definitely look for that for,
well you have
that's putting
sled.
it's like pretty much like lawyer money almost basically. Yeah.
So like, you know if the pandemic thing of at home more and like there's like a lot more time between matching up because it's online. So I was, I was reading on Reddit on this summer called Beer money and I was looking at like friends
were like users plays like the dollar monthly earnings. And I noticed like the most consistent ones prolific. So I looked into it and I started
doing it. I just started earning a lot of money just from, you know, surveys and I found that it
was like the most consistent
because I tried doing stuff like swag bucks and I felt like I wasn't getting a lot of money compared to the amount of time I put into surveys, breast politic, I feel like it's very balanced. So I've been with a lot of work basically.
Whoa.
Do you do any research other than prolific or?
Uh
have you, have you heard of amazon center?
I signed up for recently. It's been pretty good actually. Like it's not as good as prolific but it's pretty decent compared to the amount of time.
It's just like, it's basically just like prolific or like it will do
things for like to show you a picture of like a chocolate
bar and it would be like what is this any type chocolate bar And you do that basically like 10 or 15 times and then that's the task right there and you get like 50 cents for it. It's pretty easier.
Yeah, I tried, I highly recommend against it. The pay is just absolutely
brutal, like it's so bad.
Yeah, because like I thought it be easy because you know you just listening to you type it out but the amount of words you have to type and amount of time you spend
on it compared to I don't like It took like 20 minutes for this one task And I got paid five cents after that. I was like there's there's absolutely no way I'm doing this again is a complete waste of time.
Yeah. Like when I was little I tried to find books when I first came out and like the whole Watson and everything, the interface is so simple and easy to use. But then when he went back on it during the pandemic like it was so complex that there was so much stuff to digest and like when I actually try to survey like I didn't even get the points associated with it, so just just abandoned and just train yourself and that's why trump prolific.
Uh I start at the same time as you basically made it seem well I think.
So how long I'm dating this
whole like pandemic state hunting less in your opinion.
Yeah. Honestly me too. Honestly,
like as long as they're keeping
like
stimulus
check and all that, like I wouldn't mind either to be honest.
Well.
Yeah. At the very least, I hope like the whole working from home concept like sticks out even after the pandemic guns. Like I think that's really good just for like, you know, like environmental reasons to like less cars on the road, you know?
Yeah, we're almost there. Yeah.
Uh So have you heard of this Chocolate Homeland?
Yeah, I binge it the other way. It's pretty good. Also um I watched Breaking Bad and the other day to
Breaking Bad is so
good. It's just one of my all time favorites.
Yeah, they removed it unfortunately.
Well
now
I
thought the writing was veteran better call Saul in Breaking
Bad to me. Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Oh yeah. Do you like the office? Yeah.
Yeah. I ate really well to be honest.
It's still really popular which is pretty surprising consuming all like the new chose that have come out recently.
Yeah, basically even on YouTube like the clips of the office
like they have like 20 million views and all this kind of insane.
Oh that's difficult. Um Probably eat indoors at a restaurant, you know? Like. Yeah. Like, like I always like, like eating at home and all that, but like that feeling of eating in a restaurant like inside an actual wrestle. Like you can't really replicate that, you know? And I kind of miss it as much as I like being inside at home. That's the number one and then number two is probably like going to the recent park. It's been a while to live gone and you know, the whole pandemic made it worse. So I guess that's my top. How about you.
Have
you traveled outside
the US before now?
Yeah. I've been to ASia a couple times and Arab wants. Yeah.
And and for vacation purposes to you. Yeah.
Yeah. And they're always
talking about like how like over there like depending so controlling your life going out to eat in restaurants and stuff and like it used to
be reversed because I'd always worry about how they were doing because you know the U. S. Has always doing so well but now it's like the opposite were like they're constantly talking about how bad the U. S. Is doing and like one of the terrible shape is in right now because of the pandemic. Which is just pretty sad when you think about it. Yeah
Korea. Yeah.
Yeah.
Two.
Yeah. I started a little early so
I'm around up I'm like 26 right now. Yeah.
Yeah we should we should be fine then.
Probably Pokemon recently. I don't think a lot of folks because.
Yeah. The new one. I am the
first community response. It wasn't really like it's like I was looking forward to that much but I actually really enjoyed a lot. Like I found that like the whole graphics improvement and all that just makes a really
enjoyable and they had a data DLC up there recently. Really added like a bunch of new content and it's just really good. Like it's probably my favorite book on game yet because I feel it every single generation so far and so for this unemployment favor right now.
I think that I think it might be a second. Yeah.
The animal crossing that's been like the # one pandemic and I think for people with a switch.
It is it's it's just like really chill and mellow, you know, just to help you wind down after a long day. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm at 28.
Uh You too
Thank you.