proposal? Yeah. Look. Oh yeah thanks. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Looks like what I have lost something. Hello? How's
it going?
I'm pretty good. So where do you live?
I'm in Alabama. So but Mark California,
L.
A. Okay. Let's see when I was three we lived in garden grove for a year or two. So that's the last time I've been out that way.
This is where my dad's from for Mcdonnell Douglas and Long Beach out that way. Uh Then I guess you just have the itch to you know come back home. So we moved back here and I just kind of settled down. I've been here ever since. Is that where
L. A. She grew up there?
Okay. So what do you, oh sorry I didn't mean to cut you off.
Yeah I worked for Nasa actually. I'm a black base station. What
about
you?
Um it's I mean I really enjoy it. Um have you seen the movie Apollo 13?
Okay. It's pretty much there. Except well the Houston still you know we have a control room in Houston and they still take care of like the crew in the vehicle and stuff and in Huntsville which is where our control center is. We take care of like all the U. S. Science experiments. My specific job I kind of like make sure they have all the resources they need. Like whether the experiments are crew tended not pretended if they need video and all that good stuff. I basically coordinate with all the specialists to make sure we get the resources you know in place. Yeah.
Yeah I enjoy it. What do you do?
you're like a professional gamer I guess. And these that's
do you play?
He's not a huge gamer. I played a time or two. not really. I'm not really that into like 1st 1st. Not really my cup of tea like not good at it, it's just I enjoy playing it like back in the you know halo land parties days but like
everybody is just so much better than me. I'm not I never So how long have you been doing that?
two years? Okay. It's awesome. Uh huh.
I do play some video games. I've been I've been on an Nintendo switch kick here recently. Been playing the um are super the Mario three D. All stars so that's all nostalgic and stuff. I have an Xbox and I let's see I've been stuck on the batman Arkham Knight series. That's
good.
Um I also let's say I like camping and woodworking too. So what about you?
I guess if you practice makes perfect. So so
how does
that
work for
you?
Are you like sponsored or like? Okay.
Oh that's awesome. Who sponsors him?
The
Hello?
That's awesome. Um So do you all have like a I guess a season of you know competition ever?
All
get
So is your team like are you a little local in the same area or?
costs?
watch
that'd be a pretty cool gig. Have you? Uh I guess you've been doing this for two years so you have got to experience the travel and stuff before? All the Okay.
especially
for travelling like internationally, I'm sure that it doesn't, you
know?
Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Uh So uh let's see, said you play, that's pretty much your whole being profession video games on. So what type of like movies and stuff are you into?
All
Um I like a little bit of everything. My big problem is, you know, I like movies and all, but I also have two young kids that I decided to other our watch, I did watch uh parasite not too long ago. I usually up into the Academy Awards and all those movies I really like parasite.
Yeah, I work with a girl from Korea and she's parents are all about it because apparently like the film industry over there just isn't, you know?
Yeah, it was a really good movie. I also watched a joker not to a couple of days ago.
Mhm. I really liked it.
Yeah, I didn't really know what to expect going in and honestly like when it came out I uh it wasn't really on the list that, you know, I must see like I'm more of a, but I just happened to get a red box and glad I did. It was good.
um it's never a dull moment I guess. Uh Two years old and the other one was, he's just turned a week old monday seven. Going to watch the joker. We were in the hospital. I got to. Yeah, it's uh I mean, I enjoy it's, you know, kind of nerve wracking during the pandemic, having a, It has zero immune system, but it's, you know, always an adventure,
you know, I feel kind of bad to say this, but I've actually benefited more ways than anything. Like I'm, you know, working from home now pretty much like so not having to commute to work to work and you know, of course all those stimulus checks and also both. Like none of our paychecks have really been impacted. She's a teacher work for Nasa. So still everything. Um What about you? I guess you're like, are you all still like doing your tournaments and you said to which I need directly off the twitching or?
Well,
it's
pretty
I'm with you there. I've been trying to uh like, you know, put some money into the stock market, like just some things that I think are gonna like bounce back in a big way, it's over. So been putting some money in like that airlines because you know, there are way lower, I'm not gonna stay low. But one of my friends was telling me that like he was uh watching the platonic, you know that exercise bike that they have, you know that commercial for the place? Apparently they've been doing like really well on the market, so that's probably,
yeah, I don't know what brought that up, I guess just people being at home during the business.
So just out of my curiosity, like as far as the uh I'd imagine in the sports profession, like its majority like younger people like yourself that you're playing stuff um is like I know, I guess it's so new. This may not be known yet, but like do people like just get worse over time and have to retire or something?
I
was.
All
All
No.
Person.
Mm. Yeah, I was just curious I guess, you know, and then I fell like 40 year olds just liability these sports. I didn't know if there's any sort of like cognitive decline or anything like
that.
Wonderful.
Mhm. Okay. I'm pretty interesting. So if you didn't do E. Sports, what would you want to do?
He
just
said the back up with.
I
Yeah. That's pretty cool. I always say that if uh you know, you know, went to college, got an engineering degree, but if I like walk in tomorrow and get fired for whatever reason, I'm probably gonna like pick up trade like electrician or something. I know my father in law just started his own uh electrician business and Argent like $70 an hour for and that's just like he hasn't really done anything serious just like putting up ceiling fans and stuff. It's like dang I've done that at my house. Well.
and there
for years
you know that perception kind of cost an issue with everybody coming to college and getting a degree and extraordinary is not the trade job. Oh
What?
Yeah and another, a friend of mine I went to high school with, he actually also went to electrician room. He got in a you know journeyman work construction jobs. My father in law's primary job is like a maintenance manager at the plant and he just does a business on the side. But a buddy of mine is a construction electrician and he's living out and uh san Diego And like $42 an hour
Top of that like $9 an hour in the retirement account. So like yeah he's making
more
than me so you know ain't nothing wrong with that.
But. Mhm. Um So how did you get into doing stuff that probably thinking all all the surveys?
No.
cost.
What?
What?
Yeah, that's basically exactly how well I've seen stuff I'm actually suspected.
Beer money thread came from a life pro tip. There was a lot of pro tip if you have time on your hands because of the pandemic. You know, here's some ways to Oh yeah
no I don't do anything. This is only like surveys and stuff. I do. I also did sign up for app called handy, it's Okay. Um
I had actually just did a job today, made $70 to quote unquote a simple a TV stand but it was just unpacking it like i it just blows my mind. This such a scam to you know pay and we uh through a fair because yeah that's it's just ridiculous but make some money off of it so it's all good.
I did and I signed up for it but I never like they never sent me like confirmation email or something. I had them which I don't think I I haven't checked that email account in a while but I gave it about a week and I've never like back from them so I'm not
What type of jobs and stuff around there.
But
help.
mm was looking into uh on the same thread that you know I saw prolific on there was a some website to do transcriptions and stuff and I signed up for that but the more I read about it the more
spoke
okay, so yeah that just reinforces that, that's pretty much all I've read on Reddit and stuff.
Zach.
Yeah, it sounds like it. Um Yeah, those are, I did a little swag bucks back when it's changed a lot since I've done it. This was like, I don't know, probably about 10 or 12 years ago when I was in college. Uh I mean I got a few amazon gift cards off but I never really you know stuck with or anything and go back a few weeks ago and sign up and it's just not, no, just changed so much that that wasn't interested, so
Yeah. Yes, I've been doing this since I guess it was around june or july not I've now made, How do you know what the conversion is to us dollars? But it's just over 300, you know, And so it's you know, every time I get 100 I cash out and just put or something. So.
Yeah, I'm sure there's been an uptick around that time just because A bunch of this is my 5th one of these the video chats have been doing, I think uh three of the other people I was chatting with basically said the same thing. Oh yeah, you know, so so I'm interesting like in the post pandemic world if uh you know because there are a good bit of surveys that comfort prolific but in the post pandemic world like if they will go as quick because you know like I know the ones that come to me, you got to you know be right on it and get a quick just pops up. So I'm just interested to see that
the
everything I'm hearing they're saying middle of next year, you know, they Pfizer announced that one vaccine and moderna announced the one I think just yesterday. So hopefully you know around the beginning of next year, you know, around january. So they'll start giving them to people. So I really don't know. I mean honestly I wouldn't mind. I wouldn't mind if it lasts a little longer if I can see
you
can
hang
it.
Yeah but I mean of course, you know it sucks that people are getting sick and all and all that good stuff. But like I said it's been pretty good for
me to stay at home and do most of my work from home. I still have to go on site, you know Wild. Um I I usually my the way my work schedule is it's a console job so I'll work uh three weeks at a time on console then have about a month just doing office work basically all the office work I've been doing from home and I'm not signed until mid december I think. Mhm.
Mhm. I know one thing that makes me nervous about that though is you know I just hope like all these companies aren't seeing. Okay well if you can do it from home somebody can do it from India for half the price. Yeah. Mhm. I really don't know Um let's see, we're about to hit the 20 minute mark.
number two. Um Let's see so any T. V. Shows or anything you watch or?
I have yeah it's actually never started it.
how do I love Breaking Better?
I've
probably re watched it about three or four times and you ever, I don't think it's on netflix anymore but
person it was I don't know it gave me a good chuckle. It was pretty much seen for scenery shoe except they just have to describe. It's not what Pablo escobar did I hope so. Um do you have watched Better Call Saul? I really
like, I
must
be
I was,
I almost like that one more like
what then just not in a different genres low. So let's see I haven't really watched any, I've since I've been home usually my life and I can't agree on you know what tv shows to watch or anything. We'll always watch something like when I watch tv together like The Office or something. I had to sneak in a couple seasons of american horror story. I mean I really liked what I've seen with that so far.
Uh Let's see of course we you know vanished Tiger King that was you know it was something that was entertaining to say the least. Um but I think that what have you been watching here recently? Let's see when I can get the, I really don't know just basically reruns of office is most important to watch.
Probably one of my favorite all time shows.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know it's super popular right now and I know it was popular like when it was on tv but for it.
I'm pretty sure I got Baber after it went off the air.
What?
Mhm. Mhm. Um Let's see. So um I know I got nothing. What's your favorite when the pandemic ends? What's the one thing you want to do?
Um I'm eating at restaurants up there for me. I also want to you know travel somewhere honestly. You know somewhere pacific northwest would be like number one on my list now but pandemic and civil unrest will hold up. Um Hopefully all that you know dies down soon. But other than that I really don't know where there's a lot I haven't seen but you know I
guess.
No
just once I went on a cruise that stopped in Havana, that was really cool. Yeah.
Is the juice for through e gaming stuff?
Um So I don't wanna you know sound like insensitive or anything asking this but like do you have like uh do you have family back in Asia? Like how many?
I just.
On.
All the countries is family from.
yeah.
Okay awesome. How many generations back then? You know they immigrate?
Okay, so your grandparents? Okay sweet. Yeah, I think my that's about the same for me. I think it's my great grandfather came over here from Ireland on. I thought so yeah. Um So let's see how I'm hitting. Let's see 25 minutes here in a few seconds. I know I started my clock if you like a little late. But that
what?
we'll go another minute or two just
okay um let's see. So what other than over watch what what's your favorite video game?
I've yeah, it's been like I played Pokemon, go for a little while when it first came out but played a Pokemon game since you know Pokemon yellow on gameboy color. So I really want to get the new one for the switch.
What?
Mhm.
Yeah, I haven't, like I said I haven't played since I guess second generation after a yellow. What's that even second generation or was that still first generation?
because I remember when I was in about sixth grade, I got put them on blue and then all of them christmas got the yellow, but I then they started adding all the Pokemon and stuff and I just kind of lost track of everything. Uh huh Yeah, what other switch games do you play?
That's on my list to get I've never played an animal crossing game, you know, I think I'd be into it, I think my cup of tea, I just happened to have never played one. Um it's you know, it seems like a good time waster, so
Anyway I am at 27 minutes right now, so
great talking to you um best of luck with the game and hopefully you know, things go back to normal soon.
Uh we'll see you later.