SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh, shoot Oh yeah. Yeah. Just saying. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Not another one, yeah. Mhm. Or, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Just mhm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, good morning.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, good morning
SPEAKER_L: Oh great. You can hear me fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: as I put on headphones just in case
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did the same thing. So uh so what are the country are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the U. S. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I'm also in the U. S. I'm in the Chicago area.
SPEAKER_R: Oh awesome. Is it still cold up there? I don't know how cold
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: works in Chicago? Oh
SPEAKER_L: well to give you an example to two days ago, it was 6667, earlier in the week, it was in the seventies right now it's probably about 48. Oh
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: we we
SPEAKER_R: too cold.
SPEAKER_L: we can go from summer to winter uh in the same day.
SPEAKER_R: That only happens. So I'm in Texas and we're at like 100 already so
SPEAKER_L: spent
SPEAKER_R: the heat is here.
SPEAKER_L: spent 10 weeks in texas, a few years back training for a job and it was it was hilarious to me. Uh as I started at the beginning of March, uh and they had a snowstorm, well a snowstorm where maybe a half inch maybe in the Dallas area Dallas Fort Worth her. Uh It wasn't sticking to the roads
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: and everybody was panicked. Yeah. Real
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's the sounds about right, that's
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: how it is here, like it's like it gets below 20° and we're like Oh my God it's a blizzard, we're all going to die, it's freezing, we're never leaving our houses.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I walked from my hotel there was I was in in Bedford very much close to doubt, closer to Fort Worth in Dallas and our hotel was couple blocks of the the library and I walked over the library to get a book and you know it was closed. What
SPEAKER_R: Good, that's
SPEAKER_L: clothes because
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: saying,
SPEAKER_L: snow like there's
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: no snow.
SPEAKER_R: like what? No. Yeah, like it shocks me, like my brother goes to school in upstate new york and I'm like didn't close school, it's it's like five inches of snow, he's like no, that's fine, it's normal and I'm like what? What?
SPEAKER_L: we we deal with it up here, we had uh the company I worked for was based
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: out of uh beaumont texas actually but they had regional offices in the Dallas here and when they came up to Chicago and we started opening places up here, a lot of texas, People came up here and oh
SPEAKER_R: Okay
SPEAKER_L: God, it's like the third year we were up here, we had like a huge like buffalo new york type blizzard. It was 22 inches
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: of snow
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: overnight, start in the afternoon and ran through into the morning of the next night. I started picture, I mean it was a big snowfall and everything closed down and I'm trying to talk to my boss like, no, we need to close the restaurant early, we need to close it before everything hits. Uh and the next morning it's like for am or so. I just finished shoveling my driveway to get out and uh,
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: and they planned around me is pretty good around me. But access to the traffic cameras up by the restaurant and it was terrible. It was nothing, no roads plowed cars off into the side of the road, covered in snow. And uh, he's already know you guys got to get up there and close the businesses. The phone is going to have, the phone's going from the couple hotels. My people can't get there safely. Their state police are trying to stay off the road and by the next, the next day they were back to normal. I just took 11 day to clean it up.
SPEAKER_R: But that sounds intense, like, I mean the most we get here is like maybe 110 degrees 120 degrees like pure heat and like it's suffocating heat, but we never get, it doesn't shut down, it's not like oh it's too hot to operate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That that's never the case of here. There we are heating up here, gets into the 90s at times. I remember one time, the first time I got in the Chicago market were like 24 days in a row of over 90° immature. But the humidity,
SPEAKER_R: Was it is it I was like is it humid or is it dry?
SPEAKER_L: it's super humid. It's like it's terry gets soaked just walking out sometimes. It's like, oh my God, this.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: intense.
SPEAKER_L: now uh texas has opened up again, hasn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they've started Phase one basically, like a whole bunch of restaurants have been asked to open but a lot of restaurants are deciding not to open um So they're still doing takeout service, they're still doing delivery. Um and then there's like a huge community of people just trying to help them get business. Uh a lot of businesses that I see because I have a lot of friends at a restaurant owners, they're working with the food bank to distribute food like as a distribution center or they're feeding uh like employees that lost their jobs. So they're like, hey, if you lost your
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: job, like no questions asked, just come and have a meal.
SPEAKER_L: That's nice. That's good, we're up here, we're on lockdown till the end of this month at
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: least.
SPEAKER_R: smarter. That's smart. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: as much as I hate because I'm currently I'm covid unemployed at the moment. Uh I work in the restaurant business and uh
SPEAKER_R: huh,
SPEAKER_L: my I was working as a district manager before this and I was running restaurants in Wisconsin and Illinois, am I? The ownership decided that well that was not the time to have district managers anymore or above. So my boss got let go, I got let go. Another guy got let go. Okay. Thank thankfully though Illinois has some pretty good unemployment, I'm not With with the extra 600 from the Fed's close to what I was making, so we're not, our expenses have really dropped, you're not doing it, you know, do anything
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: shot
SPEAKER_L: to the grocery store.
SPEAKER_R: pretty much, you're like, but then you have to imagine like a whole bunch of people living in your house and you're using everything that you would normally like do somewhere else. You're like, oh, I'm now making my own coffee. I mean it's cheaper, but I'm also drinking 10 cups a day. So is it really
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: cheaper?
SPEAKER_L: my electric bill went up $30 from the same month last year and my my water bill was up a little bit more. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's not that bad though. $30
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: no that's not not really too bad. So those will, but then you know, I'm on hey this on my car payments. Uh One I don't know, I've got two Fords and one ford isn't the first one we do in june you know, I got april and in May and I don't have to make a car payment and the other one won't have to pay until uh july so
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's that's a huge help. And we're still, you know, doing things like this and doing some do what we can to bring
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: some cash.
SPEAKER_R: mm I mean it is what it is, it's like what can you what can you really do? Like my hours got slashed by like five times. Like I am a social media manager for a party company here. And so obviously the store had to close down And I went from 20 hours a week to three hours a week. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's a bit of a crunch.
SPEAKER_R: yeah um luckily like I I do a lot of freelance writing so that really isn't affected, it's just what kind of stories can I find without leaving my house? Um And so I've been kind of exploring that avenue and then I'm like well what if I just started doing photos of products? So like I started to do that and see how to learn product photography. So that way I can market myself as doing that as well and you know trying different avenues with different things so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my wife is a fitness instructor and personal trainer. So she's doing she's doing classes online like Skype
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: smart.
SPEAKER_L: uh and well bless you. Uh
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: They they do all right. You know, it's not where she was making before when she was going places and teaching, but all the gyms have shut down and uh like we're scratching to figure out where else we can pull money in from. We got she's going down and I'm going to get set an appointment up to start next week. Uh go down to this company biometrics or something biotech. Er But they Basically go there every other day for eight visits at least. And you can keep going but $600 to donate plasma. And you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: a lot more than here.
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: Here
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: is like 20 bucks.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I was kind of think until she came back after her like third visit. And she's got uh like $300 old, three or $400. But she got some like if you refer somebody to get 100 bucks, She's got some through referrals, he's got another referral going down today and then she'll get a referral should get a referral for me. Uh so it's you know, 600 bucks which helps, you know, pays good chunk of bills. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's like, it's, I mean it's like they tell us like, oh have like three months in reservation of like savings, but then it's already been three months what would happen a month for um you know, like it's just it's real how exposed we are as a society and like how we won't be able to function, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean we're actually in a lucky position. Um most American when you look at most Americans 40% don't have enough to cover a $400 emergency bill. You know, I've got let's see, I mean I'm so I gotta get my my daughter is going to the dentist uh to finish her root canal and crown. And my son's got to get his wisdom teeth pulled out. Uh That's two, we have four stimulus checks coming into the country or into the house. My son 17
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: got the first one. That's, that ought to cover his wisdom teeth for the most part, he's got, once I'd love to go, Uh, my daughter has got a 1200 coming, which will finish the rest of her. Well, most of the rest of her uh, crown and cap, but we still got 44 months rent and savings. They had, yeah, we were running, we downsized a few years ago, like
SPEAKER_R: That's smart.
SPEAKER_L: kids getting old. We're closing the daycare business. My wife did help take care before and while she was a fitness instructor. Um, but you know, I started pulling in more money into my job was like, well, let's just get rid of this. We sold our house, sold our house and got a much smaller one. Uh, that is like 1300 a month cheaper. Um, Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's about 20 is just under three grand for the house that we had. It wasn't I know three grand in texas. It gets you a house get you something really. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: my three
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: grand
SPEAKER_R: one thing.
SPEAKER_L: covered a there's two story garden based world, three story garden basement, Main room upstairs, three bedrooms in the bathroom, but nothing like you know that that sounds bigger than it actually was.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like, that sounds pretty cozy. But I can imagine. Yeah. Like I um luckily like my least was running out um around the time of like the quarantine starting and my parents were just like, you just want to move in and I'm like, okay, let's do it. So where did I go to hide with my parents in the suburbs? So that was it's cool because that means like I don't have to look for an apartment, I don't have to, you know, scrounge for money for a couple of months. Um I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: mean it's been a weird living here because I'm like, I'm in my old bedroom. Um it's like I'm so you still liked doing whatever I want, and I'm like, oh, you know, rules, So what are these?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can't do what I got it.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, I can't go out anyway, so it's like they're like your go to your room and I'm like, I'm in my room all day. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's about were
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: how about we get up to do some yard work, my wife and I take walks once a day. Um And outside of that it's we put together a bunch of puzzles. I've done a lot of phone interviews.
SPEAKER_R: Excuse
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: Okay uh and we've been we've been doing whatever we can do to keep busy uh By
SPEAKER_R: pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: yeah my sister my mom my sister is watching her uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and living with her in indiana, they set up five puzzles for us. They found out we were doing puzzles and of course they have to be really hard puzzles. Like the
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: one, first one wasn't that bad, took about two days to do but I've got one up now, that's two days that's got the frame is almost done and it's got some parts in the front but it's like a village in Greece and it's got on an ocean side or lakeside village whatever. It's so it's got a big part of blue sky, it's got water and seaweed and
SPEAKER_R: Change.
SPEAKER_L: a village in the middle. And it is it is not the easiest puzzle I've ever done.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've seen some puzzles that are like all white and then they have no edge and I'm like uh that's so difficult. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: is a lot of sections like that but at
SPEAKER_R: With
SPEAKER_L: least
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: it keeps us busy.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. That's good with me. I've just been trying to stimulate the economy by going out and getting food. Um And then watching a lot of netflix and catching up finally because I'm like I have time to catch up on every show I've added to my list. And then I purchased a master class. I don't know if you've seen the ads.
SPEAKER_L: that's a that's where people teach for I think my wife is doing one of those. She teaches
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: a kid Zuba. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this is like the actors. So it's like uh
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: directors, actors um influential like people teaching like their their things. So it's like uh anna winter or teaching creativity. Um Ron Finley teaching gardening, um Gabrielle tomorrow teaching mexican food. So it's like oh I'm going to learn from them. I mean it's like a it's like if you were to pay for a lecture it was $90 it's a little pricey. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: For for a whole year access it's $180. But I split it with somebody on Reddit And they paid $90 and I paid $90
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and we both got access because it's by one membership, get one membership free. So we did that and then we were able to share it and it's it's been really cool like some of the things that you hear them say you're like oh I know this but to hear somebody that I like I like I respect or that society respects higher than just like an average person. It's kind of very validating.
SPEAKER_L: All right that sounds pretty good. I mean anything that eats up some time. Mhm. Like
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I've read a bunch of bucks, I have watched netflix, I've re watched some of my uh things that are I know we'll be leaving that with netflix. So kind of like have a big geek. Um I've uh got shelves of uh graphic novels and reprints and archive editions and all this literally shelves of them. Um Like 123456 south. There's one behind
SPEAKER_R: Ask.
SPEAKER_L: me. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Right. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I got three in the bedroom, three in the living room. Uh The ones in the living room are bigger than the one I just showed here. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I I watched uh re watching daredevil which is their double Jessica Jones are the best of the two of the four on Netflix. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I liked luke cage a
SPEAKER_L: luke
SPEAKER_R: lot.
SPEAKER_L: cage. First season was really good.
SPEAKER_R: First season was really good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Second season, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and the other one, what was it the one that erased from iron fist terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Iron fist wasn't there wasn't a good pick for iron fist um And they didn't translate his story well
SPEAKER_R: yeah I agree. It was like good in the trailer and I think that's about it like that was Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that wasn't too, but the dirt devil was really good. The Public's Room was pretty good. Too surprising. They did a good good take with them with two seasons. Uh Just
SPEAKER_R: and I like the casting too.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was it took me a second to realize because his hair was so short that it was Shane from The Walking Dead. Like that guys. Oh the chain. Okay. Hopefully I've been reading of some things that uh cox the guy who plays daredevil will be bringing that to the big screen in a few years.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: They've got three years before marvel can take back the series that went to uh to netflix.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's good. But I mean I don't know like I feel like dizzy right now is like taking over everything and you know the battle for Spider man is a big thing and obviously X men is a big thing, you know like the stories can never really be fully complete. Um I'm more of a Star Wars fan like I got into
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: marvel because I love Doctor Strange, like Doctor Strange is like my favorite superhero of all time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what when did you get into Doctor Strange.
SPEAKER_R: uh when I was little and he started appearing in the amazing Spider man. So that's how I found, I was like oh this guy is so cool, like he just comes out and out of nowhere and he's like super smart and just does whatever he wants and I'm like okay, that's cool. And then I slowly like I started diving into him and then I think about high school, I was like well I don't think that we're gonna make a movie of him because he's not cool. So I just like ignored him. And then when I found out they were making a movie, I like freaked out and like watching basically every release of every item. So I would go to the store and buy like every shirt and every action figure because I was like they're never going to do this again. What if they only make one movie and it flops and no one likes it, but I have everything, so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's there
SPEAKER_R: what I did.
SPEAKER_L: dr so have you gone back to, there is a series from Dr Stern's written and uh came over there are the artists as marshall Rogers, Great Doctor Syrian Stories. Um and then the Engelhardt with who's the artist? Turner steve Englehart was the author. I can't remember the artist at the moment. It was a really good series, it's easy to find those reprints uh when you can get back out to a store, but
SPEAKER_R: I think our comic book store here actually is curbside. I'll check it out.
SPEAKER_L: the like the archive exactly to archive editions or the marvel Masterworks is their life the two with Doctor Strange because they're Ditko. I really like steve Ditko Start and did co is also the co creator of Spider man. Um It was you know, he drew some iron, he's drawn about everybody and marvel at one point in time. His
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Big he got ticked off in the 60s with both Marvel and DCC and helped form Charles comics. So that's where you have Captain Adam. The Blue Beetle The quest the question uh judo master peacemaker, he was heavily involved with that whole line but really came Captain Adam uh And the question of course the Blue beetle for D. C. He created the original Hawk and Dove the creeper both out of showcases. I remember because I held out of that forever. Right Russia
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I don't know much more of like just like story like surface level, but it sounds really cool that you know, a lot more um like for me, like I guess like my nerdy thing would be like music, like I am obsessed with
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: all types of music. Um like everything from like who's the producer, who's a writer too? Oh, like for example, who is it uh that big guy edge here and has written like so many songs that you don't even realize that he's written same thing with CIA, like as far as like newer people. Um Obviously Prince and uh Michael Jackson wrote a lot of other songs in the past. Like just knowing and finding out who's written music and you're like, oh, I love this song, who wrote it? And then you're like, oh, it makes sense. Like it was written by so and so um, so that's kind of my nerdy aspect, but it's, it sounds like cooler, but then you're like, oh, you're actually talking about how like, like I was just explaining to my friend, um, one of your albums is Ok Computer by Radiohead. Uh, and so it sounds like if you listen to, it sounds very like pro technology and Very like futuristic as it was written. I think it was, it was published in 1987. Um but the cool thing about it is that it it actually goes into how isolated we are because of technology and now that we're in a time where we are trying to use technology to keep together. It's like ironic. So to me it's just wow it makes no sense at all. How like music really just means something still to this day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have you ever you ever listened a lot of Warren Zevon
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: never heard of Okay
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: he passed away five or 6 years ago. Um But he I
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: my music knowledge Pretty much get super sketchy after about 1990. Oh talk to me music before that I can get you, I can go. But Stephen is, he's a huge influence Your, I mean if you read things whether you'll see his name Pop up or you know, I used to listen to the heavens music a lot. Um, He's the only thing he's really known for
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: the people who don't know, his music would be either werewolves of London or things to do in Denver when you're dead. And you see that movie with Andy Garcia, uh,
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Maybe.
SPEAKER_L: he wrote the theme song for the movie. Um, but he's, he's got a numerous albums like I like 12 or 13 downloaded into my iPod because I listened to him so much. But uh, I mean it's it's it's good music, it's well written. Um and it's, I mean, you can see from his earlier stuff from his earlier stuff was still coked up all the time to go after he rehabbed uh used as a as a he's from colorado originally uh used to hang with hunter Thompson. Uh and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: how is the lawyer's name? A Costa
SPEAKER_R: it's a secret.
SPEAKER_L: Oscar Oscar Da Costa, There's a lawyer out of out of L. A. But they all used to hang together a lot. It's definitely a good uh it's definitely worth listening to, especially first if you are like a structure person and you're like how it's put together and what he's singing about.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'll look up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and recommend for not knowing music, starting with a genius. It's a compilation, that's
SPEAKER_R: I hope
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: it's on Spotify. Like I've gone to streaming 100% just because it's so much easier to just have like a whole library of music just to search away. So for me it's like the best investment. Like if I were to cancel, if I would have to choose between canceling netflix and Spotify, I would cancel netflix.
SPEAKER_L: I would do the same with apple music and netflix science. Uh I have an apple, so I do the apple thing and I can find just about anything I want that
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: you know, I I went to
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I went to digital streaming back when the ipod nano was first introduced where it was still about almost as big as my phone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I think I had that one too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we got one, we'd flown out to colorado. Go for, well my wife could be the matron of honor at the wedding and she got the ipad or the ipod uh for a president for, you know, being in the wedding, it sat on the shelf for five or six months and we're gonna do with this man. And finally, I like, you know what, I'm onto the yard, download an album. And after that I played the album as I was doing the art. I was like, okay, we got to start downloading C. D. S and It took me six months to download them all. We had a big collection. But my wife, among the many things she does, she plays viola. When, when we were at that time she was still playing with a Lakeshore Symphony Orchestra in Chicago. Um So she she had a bunch of classical blood. She was a big music person and between the two of us is like 300 some c. d. s. um That I would like to download everything back it up on auxiliary hard drive and then take the C. D. To the U. C. D. Store. But there's something I couldn't even download. The whole library most libraries in the cloud because I can't it won't fit on my phone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that makes them, I think, I don't know if Apple still does it, but I think apple a long time ago had a thing where you paid like $50 a month and you can access the cloud and play whatever you own on the cloud. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: cloud I've got uh I can't remember I think I got the second size of the cloud space. Uh it's like about $10 a month. Um but it covers it all our apps because my apps my my wife's apps and then if we download some of the computer but uh I also had to do the Apple music for 15 a month basically that covers everything. So everyone's, well I download I try to download an an album a month to pay for it. It's
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like I just spent
SPEAKER_R: makes
SPEAKER_L: 15,
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: we'll get that one,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's oh does it? You get like a free album with apple music
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: every time
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you can download as much as you want, you know, it's guys on like one of the good features is it creates a playlist for me every every week.
SPEAKER_R: just there's um so like one of the things that I kind of started to do was like blogging um And like I guess like my obsession with music is huge, so one of the things that I'm working on is like a blog on how to find the cool new music. Um because there's so many websites there, like you just, it's like a rabbit hole, you'll type in like, oh, I'm a big fan of tame impala and then it spits out like seven bands that you would like if you like tom and Paula, like recently I've gotten into this belarussian band named mulch at Doma and there are more like dark wave industry kind of like shoe gaze type of music. And for me, I'm like, okay, like, well I really like this. I have no idea what they're saying. Let's find the american or like the hispanic version of them to kind of maybe understand what's going on because it's all in Russian and I don't know anything I all I know is like prove yet and spicy, but that's it. That's all I know
SPEAKER_L: I think the only Russian I know is the I don't even remember it now. Riggen used to use a phrase differential trust but verify
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: it, it's Russian phrase he kept repeating. That's his big mantra, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I don't know much about like, I mean I was born in the 90s so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, much older or early sixties remain went through. That's why I Most of my music knowledge, ins uh not long after getting out of college, mid 80s. Uh
SPEAKER_R: so you're more like
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: were you more of like the cure or you more like what is it joy division or more like popular music like? Uh
SPEAKER_L: most of the stuff I listened to, especially then didn't get much radio play, Iggy pop. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Dead Dead milkman, the dead Kennedys, huge Elvis Costello fan, he got some airplay. Uh Like Elvis, I've seen 20 something times, 25, times. Uh since I've always been touring since 79. Uh I've been in Chicago Chicago area since 85, I think, 85 or 86. Uh He used to play ravinia every year. The ravinia festivals uh summer home with Chicago symphony. It's an outdoor venue, so there's pavilion and lawn seating. Uh Great acoustics, and it's insane what people, I mean, people come up there with uh and you bring out throughout their blankets on the yard, with their little seats there, little tables there chandelier there, crystal glasses, and their wine, and it's
SPEAKER_R: It sounds really cool. We have something similar, but it's just like an old airstream that's been hollowed out and turned into a DJ booth where it's what it's called uh sympathy
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like uh it's like the boombox, we've got the local guy, he's got the
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: it's a mobile DJ station has got two giant speakers on both ends of it and uh he pulls it with this trailer to whatever venue he's going to go to, which
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that's that's cool though, like having like a community outing like that, like that was one of my favorite things like it would have started for us maybe I think next week this week actually tomorrow it would have started because it's every Wednesday and to know that it's been cancelled um for the time being is kind of like the worst feeling ever.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean we're not at home, I mean we're stuck inside, we're stuck in our area and all our local stuff is canceled until sometime in august right now. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: They're not, I think they're gonna do the farmers market, the the second to last week in june, it was like the first event will be the farmer's market, then you know, they pushed back wind by the creek um which I was looking forward to. At least they didn't cancel that one. Uh And a bunch, I mean you know we're not even sure if the 4th of July is going to happen yet, if we have a parade, parade and fireworks Uh
SPEAKER_R: fair
SPEAKER_L: which is depressing cause I like four July.
SPEAKER_R: saying we had so we have this big thing, so I'm from san Antonio um and we have this really big 11 day party which is literally called fiesta, which I do recommend that you guys come down for at least once. Uh It makes no sense if you're not from here, but once you try it out you're like oh my gosh, just like the best thing ever. Um And basically like when they canceled it or they delayed it till november, everyone was just heartbroken, they're like oh my gosh where are we getting? Because we chicken on a stick which is basically like a fried chicken patty on a stick with the jalapeno on top makes no sense at all, but
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's not like the best thing ever. Um And all the other carnival foods like sausage on a stick, steer on a stick. Um But it's the tradition of it, like just being part of it, like you get egg like Casca Ronis which are like hollowed out eggs with confetti scrunched up on your head. Um Everyone wears flower crowns, we all have medals, I'm like I think I have a metal somewhere in my room that I could show you. Um And basically it's like this big old like party to celebrate the bottle of flowers and we have two parades. Um And it was just canceled with three parades, it's actually taking like four, but the fourth one is like a small street parade through a neighborhood, but everyone is just like so sad and then people are yelling at people on facebook like if you don't stay inside and they cancel it november, we're going to find you were going to hurt you and I'm like oh my gosh, like it's it's Yes to like, but a lot of things depend on it like apart from it's generating a lot of income in the city obviously it is a huge party with a purpose as a, that's their tagline where like universities will throw an event called oyster bake or something which is a giant oyster bake obviously, but every organization on campus sell something and then all the money from Oyster bay goes back to student scholarships, so
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah, we have Chicago's, well we still have the taste of Chicago, which isn't as big as it used to be uh and it's kind of gotten too commercialized from away from what it used to be as well. Uh But
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: every neighborhood has one or two festivals in the summer, I mean it's like there is not a weekend that goes by, that there isn't a thursday night, friday saturday sunday fest, whether it's like in bucktown, Roscoe Village, Rogers park or uh these I mean everything has got something going on.
SPEAKER_R: That's really cool though like because I mean you have activities and instead of sitting at home and wondering like, hey what do I not do?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, you know, you can't sit at home and wondering, but even the local like I'm out in the burbs. Uh and even, you know, on a normal summer we've had we would have uh friday in the park And this isn't a big, I mean we'll have like 50,000 people in this suburb, but they all
SPEAKER_R: Only 50,000.
SPEAKER_L: some are like 70 80 90. Uh I think Sean Burke schoenberg's over 100 but they all run together. I mean if you didn't know where one ended together, begin, you wouldn't have any idea. Uh But we do like uh was it uh uh Music in the park, Music and park every friday night. Uh You know the fourth of july parade and festival. Fourth of july parades are really big out here. Um And there's like If you plan it right? And if it falls right on the calendar, like the fourth is in the mid week or beginning or end of the week, you can do like 5-6 different firework shows or
SPEAKER_R: That sounds really exciting.
SPEAKER_L: Or if you get if you get the right spot you can do 2-3 at the same time. Um the one you're really close to and then look, you know, to the west and there's alcohol or to the south, there's elk or villages, then there's Arlington heights and there's.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's really cool though. Like I don't think san Antonio got as like happening until like Maybe four or 5 years ago. We used to be a large city with a really small town mentality of like we're not doing anything. Like VSO used to just be like the only thing people would do. Um But now we're slowly catching up to the big cities having events every week, we're like at least every month. Um Our suburbs still like I don't really have much, you know like there's some places that do but
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: it's really quiet.
SPEAKER_L: every suburb has their taste of festival, Their taste of Arlington's taste in naperville. Taste of childbirth takes them. Um We don't have that in Meadows because our although they do do a restaurant thing, but it's actually an endurance more in the winter. Um But they all these like early times shuts down there downtown area. Uh and it's about two blocks by three blocks and they have boosted up all of us. There's a lot of fun. They were having music, their stage, they have the the cleanest porta potties you've ever seen in your life. There. It's like a trailer. It's like a trailer with with these like you know where they actually have attendance and it's hilarious. It kills me every time. But they
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: air
SPEAKER_L: a.
SPEAKER_R: conditioning.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it is it's just like you oh man let's just hang here from it. Uh But then you know all the government has got a really big A very good downtown area, lots of bars, lots of restaurants and uh everybody's got their like you can get what behaviors Salsa 17 And there's also the Mexico, there's three has three mexican restaurants in the area. Trying to remember the third one. But you can get margaritas from everyone. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hear like surprisingly like the mexican food in Chicago is actually pretty good. Like
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: pretty authentic.
SPEAKER_L: have we have one of the highest concentration of Hispanics in the country. Um Not as a state but as I mean you know clearly not as it is across the word. Uh There is one of the things when I got down here in the 80s are up here in the at the time it was down I was in Wisconsin
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: but when I got transferred into the Chicago market days I remember I had called my mom up. It's like um you remember when I was in high school and you made me take spanish and I said I'd never use it again. I lied I was wrong. You were right. I should have taken I should've studied harder uh because it's you know it's everywhere here. It's fantastic to were well for breakfast today I had my tamales because tamales yesterday I had to teach myself years ago how to make tamales because one of my cooks uh we had to let him go because he wasn't really good, wasn't fast enough with attentive enough, who's burning stuff, but he started selling tamales, So he would come by our restaurant with 12 Tamales, five bucks. Here you go, was back in the early nineties, maybe, you know, early mid nineties, and when when our corporate people change it, so we couldn't bring any outside product inside the restaurant, like give, you can't buy your child's anymore, so I researched
SPEAKER_R: And there.
SPEAKER_L: and I make tamales um and without, you know, like patting myself, I'm so freaking good. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: but I
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: did have,
SPEAKER_R: all make our own food.
SPEAKER_L: I did have uh I made it from my employees a lot, uh had a hispanic kid up in in it's a north suburb of Chicago, and I ran a restaurant up there in vernon hills come up and said, I don't mean this as an insult, but you make tamales like an old spanish woman, it's like okay, I think that's a compliment to me, man, Like my tamales,
SPEAKER_R: that's cool like like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: texas mexican food is more tex Mex. It's not I mean obviously we're here for 10 weeks but it's like people don't understand that it's not as authentic. Like you can obviously find better restaurants that are authentic but it's got a lot of influence from the time when texas changed hands into the U. S. And like had to survive as mexican food and people don't understand it. Like the concept of like chili con carney um like that and like the tradition of the chili queens in teaching people of that and how like Impactful it is for us and then like I don't know if they have them in Chicago but we have breakfast tacos here which are huge and popular and I know that they try to market is like a texas thing only. Um But I'm like dude they're everywhere. I I think the only difference like for sure I know this but like California tacos and texas tacos are like different sizes, like texas tacos are huge like as big as my head.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God. Yeah, no I was like the six, the 6" tortilla as Arizona is big, but we do depending on where you get it. There there are there are places in the city, I would get one and then they were placed tonight but you got a breakfast like everything here. Um The restaurant scene here until Covid um was really nuts. If you can make it here, you can really do it anywhere. Um There's a what's the place cafe? Uh I used to eat tacos and I'm not talking about the it's a Cuban press sandwich restaurant uh just as you know lunch but they also do some breakfast. Once they're Cuban Breakfast one there it's with jalapeno or Habanero Male uh and something else but it's awesome. I used to get that I would make a, used to open a restaurant. I opened up a restaurant used to work at a about a block and a half from it because I would make an excuse before we open to run up and get one every once in a while
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I got to run an errand.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And then you're like, I don't know, this just came out of nowhere.
SPEAKER_L: Now my crew knew what I was doing after about the third or fourth time, they're like uh you're going to the Cuban place right?
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm going to Cuban place and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: then I started grabbing things for them to
SPEAKER_R: so you guys, so you said you had like every kind of restaurant, so it's like you can pretty much just come up with any cuisine and probably find a restaurant that's
SPEAKER_L: want you want you want polo shirt, We have the highest concentration of Polar speaking people outside of Warsaw.
SPEAKER_R: I found one little small church here that's old polish food and I was there for like a week straight like trying not a week but like every other week coming and being like can I get polish food please? Because we only have a festival where like the pull it, it's called um folk life. And that's when like every buddy that like basically lived in texas, like their populations like pop up and they're like, hey, we're going to sell our traditional food and I'm like, why don't you guys open up a restaurant, Like there would be cool to have a polish restaurant or a check restaurant or an actual german restaurant, which we don't have. We have a Brazilian mexican restaurants. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: we we have a business that we do have chinatown of a lot of chinese and then you got like thai restaurants and Vietnamese restaurants, and uh they're like scattered everywhere down in Wrigleyville, you've got a Ethiopian restaurant um then let's see it and then it so much down there, it's all changed from when I used to go there a lot. Uh But you really you can find anything here uh for the polish restaurants are usually the real good ones around Lawrence in Milwaukee. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: There's a old theater, they're called the Copernicus Center that they play, that's where they have a taste of Polina every year and they have they show movies uh either polish movies or movies dubbed in polish.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Um Then you've got you've got all the Hispanics at Logan's park, you've got tons along Logan square uh in that area, you've got tons of hispanic restaurants, they always do a taste of Logan square every year, and it's just you can get whatever you name it, you can find it here, it's
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: Like I wish that we were more open to cuisine here because you'll have like a restaurant pop up and everyone will be excited and then they forget about it and then it closes down obviously because it gets no business and it's just like, and then you hear them complain six months, like all we have is mexican food and I'm like we had this one restaurant and you didn't take care of it. I was the only person there and that's how I know you were there. Uh We have a spanish restaurant that is owned by people from Mexico, so which is like ironic. I know. Um but the chef actually is a, he's a really good friend, he spent five or six years studying in Spain, makes the best pizza in the city in my opinion. Um But like they're the only reason they're still busy is probably because they're mexican and everyone speaks spanish there, so you're just like, oh I'm mexican, I'm just going to go eat here because everyone else speaks spanish. So
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: kind of like
SPEAKER_L: like a tapas cuisine, the small plates and the,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah they have tapas and then they also have like pay a and other like bigger dishes that are traditionally spanish.
SPEAKER_L: because we have there's Emilio's La Tosca and what's the other tapas uh Lasalle cafe fabrica, um like those like Emilio's got like three or four locations, La Tosca is in downtown Arlington Heights and then um in the city at Lasalle is uh Cafe America, which does have great sangria. Um but if you want, I mean you can get anything and another oh the Armenian places, the soy at nova um there's like three of those between the city and the suburbs for Armenian food.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've had Armenian food. So I grew up in Los Angeles and we moved here when I was like a little kid will not because I was like 10, like a normal kid. Um but like l a food, like just anywhere like you literally walk down the street, you're like a little Bangladesh, little India, little like koreatown, like everything is there and you don't have to think about like, oh I'm craving this, where do I find it? You're just like, I'm craving this, this is where I know that side of town is, I'm gonna walk into whatever restaurant and for here it's like I have to make friends that are from certain places,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like I have a friend who's from Pakistan and I'm like I'm coming to your house for dinner. Um I haven't seen her actually since Ramadan of last year. Like we just because
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: we've been so busy because last year like I um I broke like the Iftar with like several families, it was like following me around like you can't eat all day and I'm like can I wanted to like, no, you can't have water. And I'm like what? But we would go um Because I was like really curious about it because I grew up catholic, but I'm like, I want to know what it's like, you know, we've been friends for a while and I don't know anything about your religion because you've never expressed anything. And even though I asked questions, you never have. Um and then I met this one girl through instagram actually and she told her mom and her mom was like come over and I never met the family and I was like, I'm probably gonna die, but hey, it's okay. Um went in, her mom was like the nicest person ever. Um they took me to a mosque and they're like here, you can sit here. Um we'll teach you like everything that you want to know anything, any questions you have. They showed me like video of like mecca and uh media and so I could see like what it looks like during Ramadan. And I was there when they cut like the, when they broke fast and they're like counting down like the minutes and they showed me the calendar they get and then they're like, oh you have to eat a date. And I'm like what? And they're like because it's, it's gonna, it's so easy. And then they're like, oh and they hear soup because the soup is like the best thing to do to break the fast. And then we ate so much food, it was like intense. Like you're like, how am I going to eat all this food? And then they're like take some food home with you. And I took like four boxes of food and they're like,
SPEAKER_L: god, and they're trying to give
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: you more.
SPEAKER_R: there? Yeah. And it was like the most fun I've had ever. I got home, I like four in the morning. I don't know how I was still like awake and they're like partying all day. And then like they told me they're like, oh yeah, we if it's in the summer we just sleep all day and then we just party at night. And I'm like, I would say he was like, I thought you guys were supposed to just be like around and like live your life. Like no, you just sleep all day but
SPEAKER_L: So when you have those experiences, when you start to realize
SPEAKER_R: correct
SPEAKER_L: everybody is the same, jesus,
SPEAKER_R: You're like, I was like thinking that you know, it was so like strict and there's so many like layers and so many like everything and then you realize zero no they're just the same. Like she got embarrassed like her family started praying like they laid down their prayer rugs because they had to pray before we ate and it was, I think one of the girls had her friend and her friend was from India so obviously her and I were just sitting there like whatever. And then the older girl was like mom like can I have them watch tv or can I have them go somewhere else? And the mom's like no this is culture, they can watch it and it was just like really cool because like they prayed and then she explained like everything they they did during the prayer and like what they were praying for and then how they knew the direction of Mecca and it was just like it was awesome. It was like the greatest experience of my life.
SPEAKER_L: no we have like and and so the the indian folks you had with the other, the girl she was uh and do
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so the girl that was with me was hindu but her best friend was muslim so it was kind of like and she was there all the time like
SPEAKER_L: Those
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: those
SPEAKER_R: what I
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: had heard.
SPEAKER_L: Those are the two big religions in India uh as my wife teaches zumba uh and she's been doing it online for this indian group of indian ladies like uh they have to have it at one of their houses when the husband is away because the other women can't be there while the husbands they're they're all Muslims, they're all like even if without covid she wouldn't be teaching them. I think it started when Ramadan starts when Ramadan starts, they don't do the classes, don't go online, they don't do anything. Um I've worked for uh some hindu indians and I've worked for some muslim indians. And you can was there's the Pakistani, the Pakistani restaurant in Schomburg his name, I can't remember right there. I know right where it is. I can think of, I can't remember the name of the place. Uh There's an indian market Um about 10 minutes, 10 minutes from us. Of course. There's also the asian market, the big asian Mitsuoka. Uh that's Yeah, it's about 10 minutes from us in the other direction. That place is huge. They don't just, they do, I mean it's like a grocery store, they had a little uh food court area in there. They sell like my daughter buys the the japanese books manga. Uh she buys all that wasn't sure go there every once in a while just to check out what they got now. Uh The place is huge though. it does a lot.
SPEAKER_R: It's not like we don't have anything big here. Like I think They finally opened up a big Asian supermarket on like the far far far east side. Like it's not even in San Antonio like it's like a 45 minute drive out, but as soon as they open that like it was full like people were just like obsessed with like going there and like it's so cheap for some things like garlic and like some produce and seafood, like the seafood is ridiculously and expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, because, well She was actually, as Japanese aside, it was Korean and Japanese that I dated this Japanese girl for, you know, I've been married 22 years, so we're going back. But she used to take me to all the uh sushi places, it's like, no, we can't go to this one, this one's not fresh, this was not fresh, this will go over here and we
SPEAKER_R: And they know like and it's like I guess like standards are a lot more rigid if you're asian. Uh my best friend is filipino and like I am friends with the Filipino restaurant owner here, so I go there pretty often and she's like why are you going there? You can just come to my house and we'll make it here.
SPEAKER_L: coach.
SPEAKER_R: And so she like sat me down the other day and she's like we're gonna learn how to make Olympia today and you're gonna make all the lumpy, you're gonna make theron, she's Olympia and regular Olympia. And then we're like pork lumpy. And I'm like okay cool. And she's like okay you're rolling, You eat it all the time, you're rolling. So we sat there for like 45 minutes rolling all the Olympia and she would yell at me like I would get verbally attacked
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: if I didn't do it correctly.
SPEAKER_L: sounds like me when I was learning to molly's how to roll the tamale right in the corn house.
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's like uh what a new appreciation though, like understanding how to make that and now I'm going to make cheese Olympia later on, literally like I took out rappers last night and from the freezer and I'm like I'm making cheese Olympia today. Um She got mad because I was like we were at her house and I found pepperoni and I'm like I'm making pepperoni Lucia. She's like that's an abomination. Like I don't want this. It's fusion, she she's so anti fusion, it's hilarious. And then I was like I'll make you one and then I made it and she's like okay, it's not bad but I still hate it. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Well it sounds like fun. We have gone like way over our time. Uh but I were on the board, I gotta get going, I'm sorry, it's been a fun conversation,
SPEAKER_R: No, you're fine.
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like it's human contact so it's
SPEAKER_L: here,
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: here again. I'm so used to having like, you know my job, I run restaurants, I'm out with people every day. I'm talking to people every day and
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: easy to talk to you so
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Yeah, it was the same way. You know what I mean? Hopefully. Really?
SPEAKER_R: I got you.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, well, stay well, stay
SPEAKER_R: You to
SPEAKER_L: well down
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: safe please.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: too. Good luck. Thank you. But
SPEAKER_R: have together.