Mhm. Oh, shoot Oh yeah. Yeah. Just saying. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Not another one, yeah. Mhm. Or, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Just mhm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, good morning.
Oh great. You can hear me fantastic.
Yeah, I did the same thing. So uh so what are the country are you in?
I'm also in the U. S. I'm in the Chicago area.
It's
well to give you an example to two days ago, it was 6667, earlier in the week, it was in the seventies right now it's probably about 48. Oh
we we
we can go from summer to winter uh in the same day.
spent
spent 10 weeks in texas, a few years back training for a job and it was it was hilarious to me. Uh as I started at the beginning of March, uh and they had a snowstorm, well a snowstorm where maybe a half inch maybe in the Dallas area Dallas Fort Worth her. Uh It wasn't sticking to the roads
and everybody was panicked. Yeah. Real
it?
Yeah. I walked from my hotel there was I was in in Bedford very much close to doubt, closer to Fort Worth in Dallas and our hotel was couple blocks of the the library and I walked over the library to get a book and you know it was closed. What
clothes because
of
the
snow like there's
no snow.
we we deal with it up here, we had uh the company I worked for was based
out of uh beaumont texas actually but they had regional offices in the Dallas here and when they came up to Chicago and we started opening places up here, a lot of texas, People came up here and oh
God, it's like the third year we were up here, we had like a huge like buffalo new york type blizzard. It was 22 inches
of snow
overnight, start in the afternoon and ran through into the morning of the next night. I started picture, I mean it was a big snowfall and everything closed down and I'm trying to talk to my boss like, no, we need to close the restaurant early, we need to close it before everything hits. Uh and the next morning it's like for am or so. I just finished shoveling my driveway to get out and uh,
and they planned around me is pretty good around me. But access to the traffic cameras up by the restaurant and it was terrible. It was nothing, no roads plowed cars off into the side of the road, covered in snow. And uh, he's already know you guys got to get up there and close the businesses. The phone is going to have, the phone's going from the couple hotels. My people can't get there safely. Their state police are trying to stay off the road and by the next, the next day they were back to normal. I just took 11 day to clean it up.
That that's never the case of here. There we are heating up here, gets into the 90s at times. I remember one time, the first time I got in the Chicago market were like 24 days in a row of over 90° immature. But the humidity,
it's super humid. It's like it's terry gets soaked just walking out sometimes. It's like, oh my God, this.
But
now uh texas has opened up again, hasn't it?
What?
That's nice. That's good, we're up here, we're on lockdown till the end of this month at
least.
as much as I hate because I'm currently I'm covid unemployed at the moment. Uh I work in the restaurant business and uh
my I was working as a district manager before this and I was running restaurants in Wisconsin and Illinois, am I? The ownership decided that well that was not the time to have district managers anymore or above. So my boss got let go, I got let go. Another guy got let go. Okay. Thank thankfully though Illinois has some pretty good unemployment, I'm not With with the extra 600 from the Fed's close to what I was making, so we're not, our expenses have really dropped, you're not doing it, you know, do anything
but
going
to the grocery store.
Well
my electric bill went up $30 from the same month last year and my my water bill was up a little bit more. Um
No
no that's not not really too bad. So those will, but then you know, I'm on hey this on my car payments. Uh One I don't know, I've got two Fords and one ford isn't the first one we do in june you know, I got april and in May and I don't have to make a car payment and the other one won't have to pay until uh july so
yeah, that's that's a huge help. And we're still, you know, doing things like this and doing some do what we can to bring
in
some cash.
Oh that's a bit of a crunch.
my wife is a fitness instructor and personal trainer. So she's doing she's doing classes online like Skype
and
uh and well bless you. Uh
They they do all right. You know, it's not where she was making before when she was going places and teaching, but all the gyms have shut down and uh like we're scratching to figure out where else we can pull money in from. We got she's going down and I'm going to get set an appointment up to start next week. Uh go down to this company biometrics or something biotech. Er But they Basically go there every other day for eight visits at least. And you can keep going but $600 to donate plasma. And you
can
you can
you can
that's what I was kind of think until she came back after her like third visit. And she's got uh like $300 old, three or $400. But she got some like if you refer somebody to get 100 bucks, She's got some through referrals, he's got another referral going down today and then she'll get a referral should get a referral for me. Uh so it's you know, 600 bucks which helps, you know, pays good chunk of bills. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean we're actually in a lucky position. Um most American when you look at most Americans 40% don't have enough to cover a $400 emergency bill. You know, I've got let's see, I mean I'm so I gotta get my my daughter is going to the dentist uh to finish her root canal and crown. And my son's got to get his wisdom teeth pulled out. Uh That's two, we have four stimulus checks coming into the country or into the house. My son 17
got the first one. That's, that ought to cover his wisdom teeth for the most part, he's got, once I'd love to go, Uh, my daughter has got a 1200 coming, which will finish the rest of her. Well, most of the rest of her uh, crown and cap, but we still got 44 months rent and savings. They had, yeah, we were running, we downsized a few years ago, like
kids getting old. We're closing the daycare business. My wife did help take care before and while she was a fitness instructor. Um, but you know, I started pulling in more money into my job was like, well, let's just get rid of this. We sold our house, sold our house and got a much smaller one. Uh, that is like 1300 a month cheaper. Um, Yeah,
it's about 20 is just under three grand for the house that we had. It wasn't I know three grand in texas. It gets you a house get you something really. Yeah. Uh
my three
grand
covered a there's two story garden based world, three story garden basement, Main room upstairs, three bedrooms in the bathroom, but nothing like you know that that sounds bigger than it actually was.
that.
Yeah I can't do what I got it.
that's about were
how about we get up to do some yard work, my wife and I take walks once a day. Um And outside of that it's we put together a bunch of puzzles. I've done a lot of phone interviews.
No.
Okay uh and we've been we've been doing whatever we can do to keep busy uh By
yeah my sister my mom my sister is watching her uh
and living with her in indiana, they set up five puzzles for us. They found out we were doing puzzles and of course they have to be really hard puzzles. Like the
first
one, first one wasn't that bad, took about two days to do but I've got one up now, that's two days that's got the frame is almost done and it's got some parts in the front but it's like a village in Greece and it's got on an ocean side or lakeside village whatever. It's so it's got a big part of blue sky, it's got water and seaweed and
a village in the middle. And it is it is not the easiest puzzle I've ever done.
is a lot of sections like that but at
least
it keeps us busy.
that's a that's where people teach for I think my wife is doing one of those. She teaches
a kid Zuba. Yeah.
okay.
Oh
What?
All right that sounds pretty good. I mean anything that eats up some time. Mhm. Like
I've read a bunch of bucks, I have watched netflix, I've re watched some of my uh things that are I know we'll be leaving that with netflix. So kind of like have a big geek. Um I've uh got shelves of uh graphic novels and reprints and archive editions and all this literally shelves of them. Um Like 123456 south. There's one behind
me. Uh
I got three in the bedroom, three in the living room. Uh The ones in the living room are bigger than the one I just showed here. Uh
So I I watched uh re watching daredevil which is their double Jessica Jones are the best of the two of the four on Netflix. Yeah,
luke
cage. First season was really good.
Second season, yeah.
Oh yeah. Iron fist wasn't there wasn't a good pick for iron fist um And they didn't translate his story well
that wasn't too, but the dirt devil was really good. The Public's Room was pretty good. Too surprising. They did a good good take with them with two seasons. Uh Just
yeah, it was it took me a second to realize because his hair was so short that it was Shane from The Walking Dead. Like that guys. Oh the chain. Okay. Hopefully I've been reading of some things that uh cox the guy who plays daredevil will be bringing that to the big screen in a few years.
They've got three years before marvel can take back the series that went to uh to netflix.
I'm good.
Yeah. So what when did you get into Doctor Strange.
that's
it's there
dr so have you gone back to, there is a series from Dr Stern's written and uh came over there are the artists as marshall Rogers, Great Doctor Syrian Stories. Um and then the Engelhardt with who's the artist? Turner steve Englehart was the author. I can't remember the artist at the moment. It was a really good series, it's easy to find those reprints uh when you can get back out to a store, but
the like the archive exactly to archive editions or the marvel Masterworks is their life the two with Doctor Strange because they're Ditko. I really like steve Ditko Start and did co is also the co creator of Spider man. Um It was you know, he drew some iron, he's drawn about everybody and marvel at one point in time. His
Big he got ticked off in the 60s with both Marvel and DCC and helped form Charles comics. So that's where you have Captain Adam. The Blue Beetle The quest the question uh judo master peacemaker, he was heavily involved with that whole line but really came Captain Adam uh And the question of course the Blue beetle for D. C. He created the original Hawk and Dove the creeper both out of showcases. I remember because I held out of that forever. Right Russia
go
have you ever you ever listened a lot of Warren Zevon
never heard of Okay
he passed away five or 6 years ago. Um But he I
my music knowledge Pretty much get super sketchy after about 1990. Oh talk to me music before that I can get you, I can go. But Stephen is, he's a huge influence Your, I mean if you read things whether you'll see his name Pop up or you know, I used to listen to the heavens music a lot. Um, He's the only thing he's really known for
the people who don't know, his music would be either werewolves of London or things to do in Denver when you're dead. And you see that movie with Andy Garcia, uh,
he wrote the theme song for the movie. Um, but he's, he's got a numerous albums like I like 12 or 13 downloaded into my iPod because I listened to him so much. But uh, I mean it's it's it's good music, it's well written. Um and it's, I mean, you can see from his earlier stuff from his earlier stuff was still coked up all the time to go after he rehabbed uh used as a as a he's from colorado originally uh used to hang with hunter Thompson. Uh and
how is the lawyer's name? A Costa
Oscar Oscar Da Costa, There's a lawyer out of out of L. A. But they all used to hang together a lot. It's definitely a good uh it's definitely worth listening to, especially first if you are like a structure person and you're like how it's put together and what he's singing about.
Yeah and recommend for not knowing music, starting with a genius. It's a compilation, that's
it.
I would do the same with apple music and netflix science. Uh I have an apple, so I do the apple thing and I can find just about anything I want that
I,
you know, I I went to
I went to digital streaming back when the ipod nano was first introduced where it was still about almost as big as my phone.
Yeah, we got one, we'd flown out to colorado. Go for, well my wife could be the matron of honor at the wedding and she got the ipad or the ipod uh for a president for, you know, being in the wedding, it sat on the shelf for five or six months and we're gonna do with this man. And finally, I like, you know what, I'm onto the yard, download an album. And after that I played the album as I was doing the art. I was like, okay, we got to start downloading C. D. S and It took me six months to download them all. We had a big collection. But my wife, among the many things she does, she plays viola. When, when we were at that time she was still playing with a Lakeshore Symphony Orchestra in Chicago. Um So she she had a bunch of classical blood. She was a big music person and between the two of us is like 300 some c. d. s. um That I would like to download everything back it up on auxiliary hard drive and then take the C. D. To the U. C. D. Store. But there's something I couldn't even download. The whole library most libraries in the cloud because I can't it won't fit on my phone. Yeah.
cloud I've got uh I can't remember I think I got the second size of the cloud space. Uh it's like about $10 a month. Um but it covers it all our apps because my apps my my wife's apps and then if we download some of the computer but uh I also had to do the Apple music for 15 a month basically that covers everything. So everyone's, well I download I try to download an an album a month to pay for it. It's
like I just spent
15,
we'll get that one,
you
can
you can download as much as you want, you know, it's guys on like one of the good features is it creates a playlist for me every every week.
I think the only Russian I know is the I don't even remember it now. Riggen used to use a phrase differential trust but verify
it, it's Russian phrase he kept repeating. That's his big mantra, right?
Oh yeah, much older or early sixties remain went through. That's why I Most of my music knowledge, ins uh not long after getting out of college, mid 80s. Uh
But
most of the stuff I listened to, especially then didn't get much radio play, Iggy pop. Uh
Dead Dead milkman, the dead Kennedys, huge Elvis Costello fan, he got some airplay. Uh Like Elvis, I've seen 20 something times, 25, times. Uh since I've always been touring since 79. Uh I've been in Chicago Chicago area since 85, I think, 85 or 86. Uh He used to play ravinia every year. The ravinia festivals uh summer home with Chicago symphony. It's an outdoor venue, so there's pavilion and lawn seating. Uh Great acoustics, and it's insane what people, I mean, people come up there with uh and you bring out throughout their blankets on the yard, with their little seats there, little tables there chandelier there, crystal glasses, and their wine, and it's
it's
like uh it's like the boombox, we've got the local guy, he's got the
it's a mobile DJ station has got two giant speakers on both ends of it and uh he pulls it with this trailer to whatever venue he's going to go to, which
yeah, I mean we're not at home, I mean we're stuck inside, we're stuck in our area and all our local stuff is canceled until sometime in august right now. Uh
They're not, I think they're gonna do the farmers market, the the second to last week in june, it was like the first event will be the farmer's market, then you know, they pushed back wind by the creek um which I was looking forward to. At least they didn't cancel that one. Uh And a bunch, I mean you know we're not even sure if the 4th of July is going to happen yet, if we have a parade, parade and fireworks Uh
which is depressing cause I like four July.
Well
that's good. Yeah, we have Chicago's, well we still have the taste of Chicago, which isn't as big as it used to be uh and it's kind of gotten too commercialized from away from what it used to be as well. Uh But
every neighborhood has one or two festivals in the summer, I mean it's like there is not a weekend that goes by, that there isn't a thursday night, friday saturday sunday fest, whether it's like in bucktown, Roscoe Village, Rogers park or uh these I mean everything has got something going on.
yeah, I mean, you know, you can't sit at home and wondering, but even the local like I'm out in the burbs. Uh and even, you know, on a normal summer we've had we would have uh friday in the park And this isn't a big, I mean we'll have like 50,000 people in this suburb, but they all
some are like 70 80 90. Uh I think Sean Burke schoenberg's over 100 but they all run together. I mean if you didn't know where one ended together, begin, you wouldn't have any idea. Uh But we do like uh was it uh uh Music in the park, Music and park every friday night. Uh You know the fourth of july parade and festival. Fourth of july parades are really big out here. Um And there's like If you plan it right? And if it falls right on the calendar, like the fourth is in the mid week or beginning or end of the week, you can do like 5-6 different firework shows or
Or if you get if you get the right spot you can do 2-3 at the same time. Um the one you're really close to and then look, you know, to the west and there's alcohol or to the south, there's elk or villages, then there's Arlington heights and there's.
are
every suburb has their taste of festival, Their taste of Arlington's taste in naperville. Taste of childbirth takes them. Um We don't have that in Meadows because our although they do do a restaurant thing, but it's actually an endurance more in the winter. Um But they all these like early times shuts down there downtown area. Uh and it's about two blocks by three blocks and they have boosted up all of us. There's a lot of fun. They were having music, their stage, they have the the cleanest porta potties you've ever seen in your life. There. It's like a trailer. It's like a trailer with with these like you know where they actually have attendance and it's hilarious. It kills me every time. But they
have
a.
Yeah it is it's just like you oh man let's just hang here from it. Uh But then you know all the government has got a really big A very good downtown area, lots of bars, lots of restaurants and uh everybody's got their like you can get what behaviors Salsa 17 And there's also the Mexico, there's three has three mexican restaurants in the area. Trying to remember the third one. But you can get margaritas from everyone. Yeah
we
have we have one of the highest concentration of Hispanics in the country. Um Not as a state but as I mean you know clearly not as it is across the word. Uh There is one of the things when I got down here in the 80s are up here in the at the time it was down I was in Wisconsin
but when I got transferred into the Chicago market days I remember I had called my mom up. It's like um you remember when I was in high school and you made me take spanish and I said I'd never use it again. I lied I was wrong. You were right. I should have taken I should've studied harder uh because it's you know it's everywhere here. It's fantastic to were well for breakfast today I had my tamales because tamales yesterday I had to teach myself years ago how to make tamales because one of my cooks uh we had to let him go because he wasn't really good, wasn't fast enough with attentive enough, who's burning stuff, but he started selling tamales, So he would come by our restaurant with 12 Tamales, five bucks. Here you go, was back in the early nineties, maybe, you know, early mid nineties, and when when our corporate people change it, so we couldn't bring any outside product inside the restaurant, like give, you can't buy your child's anymore, so I researched
and I make tamales um and without, you know, like patting myself, I'm so freaking good. Um But
but I
did have,
I did have uh I made it from my employees a lot, uh had a hispanic kid up in in it's a north suburb of Chicago, and I ran a restaurant up there in vernon hills come up and said, I don't mean this as an insult, but you make tamales like an old spanish woman, it's like okay, I think that's a compliment to me, man, Like my tamales,
No.
Oh God. Yeah, no I was like the six, the 6" tortilla as Arizona is big, but we do depending on where you get it. There there are there are places in the city, I would get one and then they were placed tonight but you got a breakfast like everything here. Um The restaurant scene here until Covid um was really nuts. If you can make it here, you can really do it anywhere. Um There's a what's the place cafe? Uh I used to eat tacos and I'm not talking about the it's a Cuban press sandwich restaurant uh just as you know lunch but they also do some breakfast. Once they're Cuban Breakfast one there it's with jalapeno or Habanero Male uh and something else but it's awesome. I used to get that I would make a, used to open a restaurant. I opened up a restaurant used to work at a about a block and a half from it because I would make an excuse before we open to run up and get one every once in a while
I got to run an errand.
Now my crew knew what I was doing after about the third or fourth time, they're like uh you're going to the Cuban place right?
Yeah I'm going to Cuban place and
then I started grabbing things for them to
want you want you want polo shirt, We have the highest concentration of Polar speaking people outside of Warsaw.
we we have a business that we do have chinatown of a lot of chinese and then you got like thai restaurants and Vietnamese restaurants, and uh they're like scattered everywhere down in Wrigleyville, you've got a Ethiopian restaurant um then let's see it and then it so much down there, it's all changed from when I used to go there a lot. Uh But you really you can find anything here uh for the polish restaurants are usually the real good ones around Lawrence in Milwaukee. Uh
There's a old theater, they're called the Copernicus Center that they play, that's where they have a taste of Polina every year and they have they show movies uh either polish movies or movies dubbed in polish.
Um Then you've got you've got all the Hispanics at Logan's park, you've got tons along Logan square uh in that area, you've got tons of hispanic restaurants, they always do a taste of Logan square every year, and it's just you can get whatever you name it, you can find it here, it's
it's
so
it's like
like a tapas cuisine, the small plates and the,
because we have there's Emilio's La Tosca and what's the other tapas uh Lasalle cafe fabrica, um like those like Emilio's got like three or four locations, La Tosca is in downtown Arlington Heights and then um in the city at Lasalle is uh Cafe America, which does have great sangria. Um but if you want, I mean you can get anything and another oh the Armenian places, the soy at nova um there's like three of those between the city and the suburbs for Armenian food.
Well,
man.
god, and they're trying to give
you more.
So when you have those experiences, when you start to realize
everybody is the same, jesus,
no we have like and and so the the indian folks you had with the other, the girl she was uh and do
Those
those
are
Those are the two big religions in India uh as my wife teaches zumba uh and she's been doing it online for this indian group of indian ladies like uh they have to have it at one of their houses when the husband is away because the other women can't be there while the husbands they're they're all Muslims, they're all like even if without covid she wouldn't be teaching them. I think it started when Ramadan starts when Ramadan starts, they don't do the classes, don't go online, they don't do anything. Um I've worked for uh some hindu indians and I've worked for some muslim indians. And you can was there's the Pakistani, the Pakistani restaurant in Schomburg his name, I can't remember right there. I know right where it is. I can think of, I can't remember the name of the place. Uh There's an indian market Um about 10 minutes, 10 minutes from us. Of course. There's also the asian market, the big asian Mitsuoka. Uh that's Yeah, it's about 10 minutes from us in the other direction. That place is huge. They don't just, they do, I mean it's like a grocery store, they had a little uh food court area in there. They sell like my daughter buys the the japanese books manga. Uh she buys all that wasn't sure go there every once in a while just to check out what they got now. Uh The place is huge though. it does a lot.
Yeah. Yeah, because, well She was actually, as Japanese aside, it was Korean and Japanese that I dated this Japanese girl for, you know, I've been married 22 years, so we're going back. But she used to take me to all the uh sushi places, it's like, no, we can't go to this one, this one's not fresh, this was not fresh, this will go over here and we
coach.
what
sounds like me when I was learning to molly's how to roll the tamale right in the corn house.
Well it sounds like fun. We have gone like way over our time. Uh but I were on the board, I gotta get going, I'm sorry, it's been a fun conversation,
thank you.
here,
here again. I'm so used to having like, you know my job, I run restaurants, I'm out with people every day. I'm talking to people every day and
it's
been
like,
thank you. Yeah, it was the same way. You know what I mean? Hopefully. Really?
Okay, well, stay well, stay
well down
there.
You
too. Good luck. Thank you. But