Hi, good morning
as I put on headphones just in case
I'm in the U. S. What about yourself?
Oh awesome. Is it still cold up there? I don't know how cold
works in Chicago? Oh
It's
too cold.
That only happens. So I'm in Texas and we're at like 100 already so
the heat is here.
it
Yeah that's the sounds about right, that's
how it is here, like it's like it gets below 20° and we're like Oh my God it's a blizzard, we're all going to die, it's freezing, we're never leaving our houses.
Good, that's
what
I'm
saying,
you're
like what? No. Yeah, like it shocks me, like my brother goes to school in upstate new york and I'm like didn't close school, it's it's like five inches of snow, he's like no, that's fine, it's normal and I'm like what? What?
And
Okay
come
here
huh
But that sounds intense, like, I mean the most we get here is like maybe 110 degrees 120 degrees like pure heat and like it's suffocating heat, but we never get, it doesn't shut down, it's not like oh it's too hot to operate. Yeah.
Was it is it I was like is it humid or is it dry?
that's
intense.
Yeah, they've started Phase one basically, like a whole bunch of restaurants have been asked to open but a lot of restaurants are deciding not to open um So they're still doing takeout service, they're still doing delivery. Um and then there's like a huge community of people just trying to help them get business. Uh a lot of businesses that I see because I have a lot of friends at a restaurant owners, they're working with the food bank to distribute food like as a distribution center or they're feeding uh like employees that lost their jobs. So they're like, hey, if you lost your
job, like no questions asked, just come and have a meal.
That's
smarter. That's smart. Yeah.
huh,
I mean
you're
shot
pretty much, you're like, but then you have to imagine like a whole bunch of people living in your house and you're using everything that you would normally like do somewhere else. You're like, oh, I'm now making my own coffee. I mean it's cheaper, but I'm also drinking 10 cups a day. So is it really
cheaper?
That's not that bad though. $30
like.
Oh, that's good.
And
or
mm I mean it is what it is, it's like what can you what can you really do? Like my hours got slashed by like five times. Like I am a social media manager for a party company here. And so obviously the store had to close down And I went from 20 hours a week to three hours a week. So
yeah um luckily like I I do a lot of freelance writing so that really isn't affected, it's just what kind of stories can I find without leaving my house? Um And so I've been kind of exploring that avenue and then I'm like well what if I just started doing photos of products? So like I started to do that and see how to learn product photography. So that way I can market myself as doing that as well and you know trying different avenues with different things so. Yeah.
That's
smart.
thank you.
that's
a lot more than here.
Here
is like 20 bucks.
Yeah. And it's like, it's, I mean it's like they tell us like, oh have like three months in reservation of like savings, but then it's already been three months what would happen a month for um you know, like it's just it's real how exposed we are as a society and like how we won't be able to function, you know?
Perfect.
That's smart.
Mhm.
Mhm.
That's
one thing.
Yeah. I'm like, that sounds pretty cozy. But I can imagine. Yeah. Like I um luckily like my least was running out um around the time of like the quarantine starting and my parents were just like, you just want to move in and I'm like, okay, let's do it. So where did I go to hide with my parents in the suburbs? So that was it's cool because that means like I don't have to look for an apartment, I don't have to, you know, scrounge for money for a couple of months. Um I
mean it's been a weird living here because I'm like, I'm in my old bedroom. Um it's like I'm so you still liked doing whatever I want, and I'm like, oh, you know, rules, So what are these?
I'm like, I can't go out anyway, so it's like they're like your go to your room and I'm like, I'm in my room all day. Mhm. Mhm.
true.
Excuse
me.
pretty much.
Mhm.
Of
course.
Change.
Yeah. I've seen some puzzles that are like all white and then they have no edge and I'm like uh that's so difficult. Mhm.
With
me.
Mm hmm. That's good with me. I've just been trying to stimulate the economy by going out and getting food. Um And then watching a lot of netflix and catching up finally because I'm like I have time to catch up on every show I've added to my list. And then I purchased a master class. I don't know if you've seen the ads.
And
this is like the actors. So it's like uh
directors, actors um influential like people teaching like their their things. So it's like uh anna winter or teaching creativity. Um Ron Finley teaching gardening, um Gabrielle tomorrow teaching mexican food. So it's like oh I'm going to learn from them. I mean it's like a it's like if you were to pay for a lecture it was $90 it's a little pricey. Um
For for a whole year access it's $180. But I split it with somebody on Reddit And they paid $90 and I paid $90
and we both got access because it's by one membership, get one membership free. So we did that and then we were able to share it and it's it's been really cool like some of the things that you hear them say you're like oh I know this but to hear somebody that I like I like I respect or that society respects higher than just like an average person. It's kind of very validating.
Uh huh.
Ask.
Right. Okay.
Yeah.
I liked luke cage a
lot.
First season was really good. Yeah.
and the other one, what was it the one that erased from iron fist terrible.
yeah I agree. It was like good in the trailer and I think that's about it like that was Yeah.
and I like the casting too.
Oh that's awesome.
Okay, that's good. But I mean I don't know like I feel like dizzy right now is like taking over everything and you know the battle for Spider man is a big thing and obviously X men is a big thing, you know like the stories can never really be fully complete. Um I'm more of a Star Wars fan like I got into
marvel because I love Doctor Strange, like Doctor Strange is like my favorite superhero of all time
uh when I was little and he started appearing in the amazing Spider man. So that's how I found, I was like oh this guy is so cool, like he just comes out and out of nowhere and he's like super smart and just does whatever he wants and I'm like okay, that's cool. And then I slowly like I started diving into him and then I think about high school, I was like well I don't think that we're gonna make a movie of him because he's not cool. So I just like ignored him. And then when I found out they were making a movie, I like freaked out and like watching basically every release of every item. So I would go to the store and buy like every shirt and every action figure because I was like they're never going to do this again. What if they only make one movie and it flops and no one likes it, but I have everything, so
that's
what I did.
I think our comic book store here actually is curbside. I'll check it out.
that's really cool.
Yeah. See I don't know much more of like just like story like surface level, but it sounds really cool that you know, a lot more um like for me, like I guess like my nerdy thing would be like music, like I am obsessed with
all types of music. Um like everything from like who's the producer, who's a writer too? Oh, like for example, who is it uh that big guy edge here and has written like so many songs that you don't even realize that he's written same thing with CIA, like as far as like newer people. Um Obviously Prince and uh Michael Jackson wrote a lot of other songs in the past. Like just knowing and finding out who's written music and you're like, oh, I love this song, who wrote it? And then you're like, oh, it makes sense. Like it was written by so and so um, so that's kind of my nerdy aspect, but it's, it sounds like cooler, but then you're like, oh, you're actually talking about how like, like I was just explaining to my friend, um, one of your albums is Ok Computer by Radiohead. Uh, and so it sounds like if you listen to, it sounds very like pro technology and Very like futuristic as it was written. I think it was, it was published in 1987. Um but the cool thing about it is that it it actually goes into how isolated we are because of technology and now that we're in a time where we are trying to use technology to keep together. It's like ironic. So to me it's just wow it makes no sense at all. How like music really just means something still to this day. Yeah.
No,
no.
Oh my gosh.
And.
I think so. Maybe.
Yeah,
it's a secret.
Okay. I'll look up.
I hope
it's on Spotify. Like I've gone to streaming 100% just because it's so much easier to just have like a whole library of music just to search away. So for me it's like the best investment. Like if I were to cancel, if I would have to choose between canceling netflix and Spotify, I would cancel netflix.
pretty
much
thanks.
Yeah. Yeah, I think I had that one too.
that makes them, I think, I don't know if Apple still does it, but I think apple a long time ago had a thing where you paid like $50 a month and you can access the cloud and play whatever you own on the cloud. Yeah.
That
makes
sense.
Yeah. That's oh does it? You get like a free album with apple music
every time
you
just there's um so like one of the things that I kind of started to do was like blogging um And like I guess like my obsession with music is huge, so one of the things that I'm working on is like a blog on how to find the cool new music. Um because there's so many websites there, like you just, it's like a rabbit hole, you'll type in like, oh, I'm a big fan of tame impala and then it spits out like seven bands that you would like if you like tom and Paula, like recently I've gotten into this belarussian band named mulch at Doma and there are more like dark wave industry kind of like shoe gaze type of music. And for me, I'm like, okay, like, well I really like this. I have no idea what they're saying. Let's find the american or like the hispanic version of them to kind of maybe understand what's going on because it's all in Russian and I don't know anything I all I know is like prove yet and spicy, but that's it. That's all I know
it.
Yeah. No, I don't know much about like, I mean I was born in the 90s so
so you're more like
were you more of like the cure or you more like what is it joy division or more like popular music like? Uh
Yes.
It sounds really cool. We have something similar, but it's just like an old airstream that's been hollowed out and turned into a DJ booth where it's what it's called uh sympathy
but
good.
Yeah, I mean that's that's cool though, like having like a community outing like that, like that was one of my favorite things like it would have started for us maybe I think next week this week actually tomorrow it would have started because it's every Wednesday and to know that it's been cancelled um for the time being is kind of like the worst feeling ever.
Mhm,
fair
saying we had so we have this big thing, so I'm from san Antonio um and we have this really big 11 day party which is literally called fiesta, which I do recommend that you guys come down for at least once. Uh It makes no sense if you're not from here, but once you try it out you're like oh my gosh, just like the best thing ever. Um And basically like when they canceled it or they delayed it till november, everyone was just heartbroken, they're like oh my gosh where are we getting? Because we chicken on a stick which is basically like a fried chicken patty on a stick with the jalapeno on top makes no sense at all, but
it's not like the best thing ever. Um And all the other carnival foods like sausage on a stick, steer on a stick. Um But it's the tradition of it, like just being part of it, like you get egg like Casca Ronis which are like hollowed out eggs with confetti scrunched up on your head. Um Everyone wears flower crowns, we all have medals, I'm like I think I have a metal somewhere in my room that I could show you. Um And basically it's like this big old like party to celebrate the bottle of flowers and we have two parades. Um And it was just canceled with three parades, it's actually taking like four, but the fourth one is like a small street parade through a neighborhood, but everyone is just like so sad and then people are yelling at people on facebook like if you don't stay inside and they cancel it november, we're going to find you were going to hurt you and I'm like oh my gosh, like it's it's Yes to like, but a lot of things depend on it like apart from it's generating a lot of income in the city obviously it is a huge party with a purpose as a, that's their tagline where like universities will throw an event called oyster bake or something which is a giant oyster bake obviously, but every organization on campus sell something and then all the money from Oyster bay goes back to student scholarships, so
Mhm.
That's really cool though like because I mean you have activities and instead of sitting at home and wondering like, hey what do I not do?
Only 50,000.
That sounds really exciting.
Yeah. That's really cool though. Like I don't think san Antonio got as like happening until like Maybe four or 5 years ago. We used to be a large city with a really small town mentality of like we're not doing anything. Like VSO used to just be like the only thing people would do. Um But now we're slowly catching up to the big cities having events every week, we're like at least every month. Um Our suburbs still like I don't really have much, you know like there's some places that do but
it's really quiet.
And
air
conditioning.
Yeah. I hear like surprisingly like the mexican food in Chicago is actually pretty good. Like
pretty authentic.
And
And there.
Hey
we
all make our own food.
that's cool like like
texas mexican food is more tex Mex. It's not I mean obviously we're here for 10 weeks but it's like people don't understand that it's not as authentic. Like you can obviously find better restaurants that are authentic but it's got a lot of influence from the time when texas changed hands into the U. S. And like had to survive as mexican food and people don't understand it. Like the concept of like chili con carney um like that and like the tradition of the chili queens in teaching people of that and how like Impactful it is for us and then like I don't know if they have them in Chicago but we have breakfast tacos here which are huge and popular and I know that they try to market is like a texas thing only. Um But I'm like dude they're everywhere. I I think the only difference like for sure I know this but like California tacos and texas tacos are like different sizes, like texas tacos are huge like as big as my head.
And
Mhm. And then you're like, I don't know, this just came out of nowhere.
hmm.
That's
so you guys, so you said you had like every kind of restaurant, so it's like you can pretty much just come up with any cuisine and probably find a restaurant that's
I found one little small church here that's old polish food and I was there for like a week straight like trying not a week but like every other week coming and being like can I get polish food please? Because we only have a festival where like the pull it, it's called um folk life. And that's when like every buddy that like basically lived in texas, like their populations like pop up and they're like, hey, we're going to sell our traditional food and I'm like, why don't you guys open up a restaurant, Like there would be cool to have a polish restaurant or a check restaurant or an actual german restaurant, which we don't have. We have a Brazilian mexican restaurants. Oh.
Okay.
Oh, that's so cool.
that's really cool.
Like I wish that we were more open to cuisine here because you'll have like a restaurant pop up and everyone will be excited and then they forget about it and then it closes down obviously because it gets no business and it's just like, and then you hear them complain six months, like all we have is mexican food and I'm like we had this one restaurant and you didn't take care of it. I was the only person there and that's how I know you were there. Uh We have a spanish restaurant that is owned by people from Mexico, so which is like ironic. I know. Um but the chef actually is a, he's a really good friend, he spent five or six years studying in Spain, makes the best pizza in the city in my opinion. Um But like they're the only reason they're still busy is probably because they're mexican and everyone speaks spanish there, so you're just like, oh I'm mexican, I'm just going to go eat here because everyone else speaks spanish. So
it's
kind of like
yeah, yeah they have tapas and then they also have like pay a and other like bigger dishes that are traditionally spanish.
Yeah. I've had Armenian food. So I grew up in Los Angeles and we moved here when I was like a little kid will not because I was like 10, like a normal kid. Um but like l a food, like just anywhere like you literally walk down the street, you're like a little Bangladesh, little India, little like koreatown, like everything is there and you don't have to think about like, oh I'm craving this, where do I find it? You're just like, I'm craving this, this is where I know that side of town is, I'm gonna walk into whatever restaurant and for here it's like I have to make friends that are from certain places,
like I have a friend who's from Pakistan and I'm like I'm coming to your house for dinner. Um I haven't seen her actually since Ramadan of last year. Like we just because
we've been so busy because last year like I um I broke like the Iftar with like several families, it was like following me around like you can't eat all day and I'm like can I wanted to like, no, you can't have water. And I'm like what? But we would go um Because I was like really curious about it because I grew up catholic, but I'm like, I want to know what it's like, you know, we've been friends for a while and I don't know anything about your religion because you've never expressed anything. And even though I asked questions, you never have. Um and then I met this one girl through instagram actually and she told her mom and her mom was like come over and I never met the family and I was like, I'm probably gonna die, but hey, it's okay. Um went in, her mom was like the nicest person ever. Um they took me to a mosque and they're like here, you can sit here. Um we'll teach you like everything that you want to know anything, any questions you have. They showed me like video of like mecca and uh media and so I could see like what it looks like during Ramadan. And I was there when they cut like the, when they broke fast and they're like counting down like the minutes and they showed me the calendar they get and then they're like, oh you have to eat a date. And I'm like what? And they're like because it's, it's gonna, it's so easy. And then they're like, oh and they hear soup because the soup is like the best thing to do to break the fast. And then we ate so much food, it was like intense. Like you're like, how am I going to eat all this food? And then they're like take some food home with you. And I took like four boxes of food and they're like,
was
there? Yeah. And it was like the most fun I've had ever. I got home, I like four in the morning. I don't know how I was still like awake and they're like partying all day. And then like they told me they're like, oh yeah, we if it's in the summer we just sleep all day and then we just party at night. And I'm like, I would say he was like, I thought you guys were supposed to just be like around and like live your life. Like no, you just sleep all day but
correct
You're like, I was like thinking that you know, it was so like strict and there's so many like layers and so many like everything and then you realize zero no they're just the same. Like she got embarrassed like her family started praying like they laid down their prayer rugs because they had to pray before we ate and it was, I think one of the girls had her friend and her friend was from India so obviously her and I were just sitting there like whatever. And then the older girl was like mom like can I have them watch tv or can I have them go somewhere else? And the mom's like no this is culture, they can watch it and it was just like really cool because like they prayed and then she explained like everything they they did during the prayer and like what they were praying for and then how they knew the direction of Mecca and it was just like it was awesome. It was like the greatest experience of my life.
Yeah so the girl that was with me was hindu but her best friend was muslim so it was kind of like and she was there all the time like
from
what I
had heard.
It's not like we don't have anything big here. Like I think They finally opened up a big Asian supermarket on like the far far far east side. Like it's not even in San Antonio like it's like a 45 minute drive out, but as soon as they open that like it was full like people were just like obsessed with like going there and like it's so cheap for some things like garlic and like some produce and seafood, like the seafood is ridiculously and expensive.
And they know like and it's like I guess like standards are a lot more rigid if you're asian. Uh my best friend is filipino and like I am friends with the Filipino restaurant owner here, so I go there pretty often and she's like why are you going there? You can just come to my house and we'll make it here.
And so she like sat me down the other day and she's like we're gonna learn how to make Olympia today and you're gonna make all the lumpy, you're gonna make theron, she's Olympia and regular Olympia. And then we're like pork lumpy. And I'm like okay cool. And she's like okay you're rolling, You eat it all the time, you're rolling. So we sat there for like 45 minutes rolling all the Olympia and she would yell at me like I would get verbally attacked
if I didn't do it correctly.
Right. It's like uh what a new appreciation though, like understanding how to make that and now I'm going to make cheese Olympia later on, literally like I took out rappers last night and from the freezer and I'm like I'm making cheese Olympia today. Um She got mad because I was like we were at her house and I found pepperoni and I'm like I'm making pepperoni Lucia. She's like that's an abomination. Like I don't want this. It's fusion, she she's so anti fusion, it's hilarious. And then I was like I'll make you one and then I made it and she's like okay, it's not bad but I still hate it. Mm
No, you're fine.
Yeah. I'm like it's human contact so it's
something.
it
was
so
easy to talk to you so
I got you.
You to
be
safe please.
All
have together.