Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm. Oh I'm actually I'm early. I am super early. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Go and keep playing games until they show up. That's right okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Uh huh. Okay. Me a little bit more eco watch uh All right I'm not believable. Mhm Mhm. Okay this yeah I was right. Mhm. Really? Mhm mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Right. Water Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. That's that's not yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Hi there
yeah. Can you hear me? Never? Yeah
very nice to meet you. Yeah.
No, have you? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah and I'm pretty hot. We're gonna do the best I can. Um Okay so yeah how is the day so far?
Okay. Mhm. Well what what type of work do you do?
how long you been doing that?
Well I was working for State Farm but I've got furloughed right now, so I'm just taking it day
by day. Um Yeah, but I'm keeping myself busy. I'm working on my novel, so I was
trying to Mhm. I right. Like fantasy science fiction, so.
Mhm. Do you like Sapphire?
Okay, well, fair enough. I mean, I
mostly, you know, watch it too, or um what kind of shows
do you watch?
Yeah. Well, how is that?
the
last
time.
Okay, I'm gonna check that about netflix or something or
that's cool. Yeah, I need to get more into sports and stuff. Hm.
sweet. So, um you said you do online poker? Um you just do it for to earn extra money or? Yeah.
you're fine. I do like slots, but it's not like for money, I just do it for fun. I don't know if I'd be good at poker. Yeah.
Mhm. How long have you been doing it? Yeah.
let's talk maybe you'll get better. Mhm.
I think you will. Um What else do you like to do? Yeah
you're fine. Mhm. Yeah Okay.
that's
and
you mean it can be if you make a habit of it what kind of I mean oh you said you don't play sports they just going to the gym.
Mhm. Yeah I totally forgot, I thought they were opening up some jobs but I guess it depends on the area I don't know it just was like going through so much crazy stuff right now so yeah
Mhm.
Mhm. Are you? Yeah
and uh yeah again it's it's kind of crazy right now but how you can do is just you know manage the best way you can um So when you go to work and you don't have to interact with too many people right? Or do you wear math?
So?
Oh that's perfect.
you take a public transportation, are you
brazil? I'm not there with all that. It's a lot. Yeah
that is true, I think what they say like they Un appointments like 15% now or something like that, it's crazy and
and
it's like
okay
it's pretty sad, I just can't wait for things to kind of get back to normal.
Good
I hope so, but the way they're talking to saying that and then I get back to normal to like the end of the year if that which I don't even know I mean because I know that you know this these sort of things can happen away so even though it's kind of like steady now, it might just get worse again in a few
months
and just repeat. So who knows? At this point?
me too, by both sides, it's just like, you know, they're both kind of showing themselves right now. It's like, okay, well yeah, the little one, I'm looking good right now and you know, then we got coming up and it's like okay, it's gonna be interesting. But no, no, no. Were you born in the States or?
enough. Um I was born in Maryland, but like my parents were both in the military, so I would have been a lot, so I don't really have a home I guess. Um Well where I'm at now in Ohio is kind of like I am now, but I've only been here for like less than four years before that I was in Georgia. And then before then just we moved around a lot like I remember before I went to college I went to like 13 different schools. So it's um yeah,
it is rough but at the very least, you know, I can adapt to a lot of things. So now new environment, stuff like that, it just, it doesn't faze me, which I guess is a good thing, but yeah, I wouldn't
Yeah, but I don't know if I ever put if I have kids, I don't know if I ever want to put them to that because it was it was rough.
I'm not writing, I started um Back in, well in November, they have something called natural enough for writing month and you just pretty much right as much as you can for that month. And this story I've actually been developing for a while now, actually started it when I was 12, and then I kind of forget about it. Mhm. And then um recently I think back in 2017 2018, I was like okay, well, I was looking through my stuff and I found a good idea and I was like let me edited to monitor it, and so then I modified it and made it like really expensive, and then I planned out a 13 book series and I'm only on book one, but so far since I started
yep, their Team books and
um It's a lot, but it's like a hobby of me, so it's fun, it doesn't even feel like work. And then um the first book, I'm almost done with it now, I'm at 580 pages, so now I'm just kind of going like editing through stuff, So by the time I'm done I'll probably like 600 and then I'm gonna, you know, try to get a
it's like editing right now. So by the time I finished like reading it, then
it's
probably
probably
what
I can be. But then sometimes I'm like, well, you know, I want to expand on that because I'm like, I'm a visual person when I read,
I want people to like to see like it's like one big movie. So I like to try to be as descriptive as possible. But if I get like I'd be like, yeah, you're doing too much. So I don't know yet. But Yeah, I got the team books planets like for each character, it's like um well this one he's the main character and then he spend like the rest of the series like interviewing other characters until like this big event happens about 13. So yeah. Mhm. So
I'm really happy about that and I'm kind of like a note about it and I talk about all the time and I get people tired of it, but it's just like a passion of mine, but deal
like acquaintances, like all my friends, but I do have a couple that, right? But they're not like that serious about it. So I just like, you know. Mhm.
Yeah, I have a few connections. Um but I haven't like, you know, I sent them a little bit of it of, I think about 10 pages each and they are interested in it. But I don't want to kind of like tell them, I think lastly make sure I finish it. So hopefully by this month I can kind of be more confident and give them the whole manuscript. So see what they think. So, I'm hoping to get it published by the end of this year. So who knows? But with all this crazy stuff happening, I don't know. But then again, you know, not everybody staying at home, they might have time to read. So I don't know, my favorite, who knows?
Well if I get like a publisher, like um, the big publisher to, you know, take me in, they might do like a physical copy. But I don't know if I want to do like an amazon because I would like, I'm one of those people that I like to have a physical copy of it, you know, instead of like the kindle. So apart, do you prefer to read? So you don't need that much? But when you do read, do
you like physical or do you like, you know this audio or Kindle?
All
Cool.
Yeah, tractor like read online. It's just, I don't know, it's not the same. You don't feel
as engaged when you actually flip the page or whatever. At least to me. So,
yeah, I think it's just ingrained in us to do that. Um, you said you like manga, what kind of manga do you read?
Like
one person
cancer man,
You're fine. Yeah. Mm
uh it's still ongoing. I thought it finished or maybe it's just the animate that finished.
Yeah.
More fun. He um read mob psycho or watch it. I'm up it. So, honestly.
Yeah. Which one do you like? Better
thanks.
That makes sense. Yeah. They're both pretty good. You watch anything like a one piece or Yes,
it's
it is. It's
like, I think,
I think they're like almost like 1000 chapters now. Like it's crazy.
Yeah. And then now like what the problem I find with not just one piece of other admit to that so much filler takes place so just like that big so not even worth it, so
um Well I really like Promised Neverland. Um I used to read Animal like I mean I am what I read manga like Death Note, you know Coach Diaz and stuff like that. Um I used to uh I used to read my cat talk my hero Academia but I kind of fell off on it. I need to get back on that. It was pretty good. Um
Let's go.
They
needed
Well sweet. I mean I really need to get back on that then and then uh yeah the stuff like that like I don't, some of my friends are like you know burrito and art all of that, but I wasn't into that.
They don't and the ending renato made me really sad not how it ended and I was very disappointed. It wasn't as bad as the bleach ending. The bleach ending may be sad. But um yeah then are trending was like no but at least it's not as bad as like dragon ball, like dragon ball, they're just like milking the heck out of that series and it's like ridiculous. I don't know if you heard of all the stuff that they're doing with that but
like all the little spin off series and stuff that they have and how they read coming like the whole series and all that and with I don't know, I don't know all of them but like I and all that.
Yeah I mean I don't follow it too closely but like my younger brother, he's he keeps up with that, he's like wow, they've changed a lot on the cup. I don't watch dragon ball like over 10 years, but that's what I heard. They make a lot of changes to it, so
period of I guess I like a lot of the darker stuff like Tokyo glue and stuff like that. The psychopath, yep
I watched it sorry, that yeah, back here
man.
Yeah, I didn't watch the thursday and I heard the third season one, that's where, but the 1st and 2nd seasons definitely were awesome. Mhm. Um What else do you like to do? Honey?
The
way
No.
Yeah. Hey softening. Um So is that what you wanted to do was architecture or we just kind of changed your mind? Uh huh. Yeah,
that makes sense. Mhm.
more like graphic design or just like 30
years?
no that's fine. So do you do like artwork or? So am I do you have a website or or you may not?
I got you. Yeah, well that's good, you know um lot of people are into like, you know graphic design and all right, like that, so
yeah, mm I mean I bake and cook and uh play games like that sometimes um I didn't wanna work for myself, but I guess, you know if I become an arthur, I will be technically working for myself but mostly like baking and cooking and I was like my also strong passions with it um
um what we'll see, I'm vegan, so what I like to do is like, I like to take like a lot of non vegan recipes and like vegan eyes it and they made it so I did make a terroristic once. Um about two weeks ago. It was pretty good. Even tell
it's really good. And then I baked it like a lasagna and that was really good too. So yeah, just like trying these things and being open minded. Mhm. Do you like to travel?
Oh no, no, no. But
like
that's
good.
That makes sense. So you're pretty like introverted. I just like more
uh neither am I, which can be kind of tough because like, you know, most of the world is more extroverted and parties, you know, centric So
yeah, I know right? It's funny because like a lot of them are just like they're going almost crazy. Like, oh, we can't go out and do this and do that. I'm just like, it's just another day for me. Pretty much. So like I'm holding pretty well. But yeah, people like, you know, they're doing like riots and we're not riots, but like protest
and all that. Yeah. Like it's not that serious, you guys.
It is uh like you're, you know, using your hatred, you know, to feel all that. It's just like, okay, well, if you guys can organize to do that kind of stuff, did you guys organize for something positive? Something good? You know where you guys that wasn't, you need help for doing something like that. But no. Yeah,
the people, they're just showing themselves and it's like, okay, well, that's how you feel. I guess that's how you act. Uh No, no, I couldn't be like that. I couldn't be hateful.
Thank
you.
Yeah, It's not like a 95 months. I don't think that just basic
man, like a filter.
But
yeah, I like this basic grey mass cook. A little filter was like, okay, you know my aunt, anyone? I'm like, well thank you, I'm not really going anywhere anyway. But yeah, it's good to have one's nothing go, but some of them going all out with their designs and it's like, okay, well we're making some money doing what you like, you know, making stuff so it's interesting.
And again, sorry, I'm like super awkward this stuff. I'm just
I'm terrible
the game.
are you winning?
do we start one night, wow, thank you. Mhm,
wow,
Welcome. But Uh
Yeah, it was easy. Well, it's fun talking to you.
uh sorry to hear that. Well, I'm glad I was able to help you and glad to show up and yeah, good luck with your tournament. And yeah, it was nice talking to me,
Bye bye.