Hi, can you hear me?
yeah.
Nice to meet you. Um have you done this before
person?
Yeah. Mhm mm It's been okay. I went to work and down back home playing online poker. So Yeah. Yeah
um a sales rep for a uh like a food flavor consultancy? Yeah. Yeah,
not that long, like um 3.5 months. Yeah. What about you?
tough.
you're right.
Science fiction.
I like, I like my stuff. I don't like read that often, but you know, I like watch it more than I read any.
So.
No,
right now watching Ozark like the newest season.
Pretty good, pretty good. And I got caught up with like uh uh was it called The Last Dance?
You
know that
it's like a docuseries about Michael, Jordan and the Chicago bulls?
it's on ESPN, you could just like watch it online. You don't have to like make an account or anything. Yeah.
Well I I don't like care at all about sorts. I just decided to watch because I heard good things and it's pretty good. Uh huh.
now more for fun. I'm just um like I'm playing a tournament right now. Uh huh. Yeah. One second.
Not many people can be good.
Um On and off. Just playing Sort of casually like for a few maybe like two years, but like I'm not, you know that good. Okay,
that's the hope.
Sorry, one second.
Please don't re raise me. Nice. Okay. What else? I like the uh china work out more so
I don't know if that's really a hobby because it's just like, it's like a challenge right
now,
gyms are closed just working out at home.
True. It's a
you're in the States, right?
Okay.
No.
Um so like the office that I work in is uh it's pretty open as far as distance between like people, so we don't we don't have to talk to our clients at all on the phone. Typically it's all like, you know, communication for the most part.
Yeah. So um yeah, I still have to commute to work though, so that kind of sucks, but I don't know
dr
but I'm still lucky to have a job, you know?
it's awful, right?
My
uh my mom also was like laid off too, so. Okay. Yeah.
Uh huh.
hopefully
sometime mid june, maybe end of june, I don't know.
Never
did.
Yeah, I heard it might be seasonal because of, I'm just because the nature of the virus, but uh I've just been kind of fed up with them, the whole politics of everything that's been going on.
Yeah, I was born in new york and then I moved when I was like uh 10 or nine. So now I consider my hometown where I am right now. Yeah.
that sounds rough.
so he developed I guess the tough skin. Uh huh.
No. Hell how was um like are you currently writing or like you kind of starting?
13 books,
jeez
Wait, it's 580 and then you said it was finished ish right now or
It'll
get
to 600.
I
thought the editing process was like reduction.
real quick.
Yeah.
you have like friends that also? right? Or?
Do you have like people that can help you edit or
You might, you might publish it online or is it like how would you do that?
What?
um so right now for like when I was learning how to play poker, I preferred physical. So I have like a few poker books um and I'm like some, some manga,
but yeah,
but yeah, I guess physical, I prefer, they don't, I don't like uh keep up to well reading, you know, online. So
good.
Yeah, it's like something, something about the, the activity of like uh huh a physical thing. So
yeah um I'm like all over the place. I read a lot of different stuff that's like ongoing whatever is currently being translated and popular. So I read a lot of stuff that's in shonen jump. Um Let me think.
Keeping
up with my hero Academia um chainsaw woman.
Uh Okay yes to think um yeah. Mhm One second.
Uh one punch man whenever those chapters come out
uh The Enemy is I mean the second season finished but it's nowhere near like complete like the original web comic is still kind of ongoing and then there's the manga after it that you know, it's like the better art version of it um
which is also like coming out periodically. Uh so I'm like keeping up with both because the the better art version um sort of strays a little bit in the plot, like they're like some changes in the plot from the from the first story so that's kind of cool. Uh anyway um what else?
I read I read all of it and I watched all of it so
I really like so
I don't I can't really pick one or the other because I appreciate both, so
not one piece, I've
watched like random episodes here and there like long time ago, but I never committed to going through all of it, it's just it's too much of a,
you know
beast
yeah and like the amount of episodes too is wait just too many
yeah yeah what kind of like what do you want, do you read them?
mm it's getting
where it's where it's at right now is very close to like the climax of this arc, so yeah, like
the next
chapter is pretty much when something big happens essentially, so
I I finished Naruto but I never started the, you know because I just like I felt like why why do we need to keep continuing this story?
Um what do you mean?
I don't think I heard about that,
I see.
Like you read Cycle passer.
I watched,
I watched most of it to, I haven't like finished the third season. I was like watching with a friend and then we stopped at some point.
What else? I'm just trying to learner, you know, build new skills or? So I mean in college I studied architecture so I have like some
design
skills from that. So I've been like um doing like random graphic stuff just to fill time
and you know, do things for fun with that. Yeah.
uh huh. I lost my passion for it as the years went on, so
But I still like design like in general. Yeah. Yeah. Killer.
Yeah. That's
sort of what I'm doing right now. Just working on graphics for random stuff. I don't know how to describe it.
No, no, no, no. I don't like have a portfolio of work to show.
Mhm. Do you do anything else besides like Right.
Have you like baked anything recently?
I like Tennessee forget
All right. Well,
I
mean, I was never really much for going to a lot of places, but I think as time goes on, I feel like I'm having that I guess urged to move around and you know, see see things. But
before
I did, I didn't really feel the the need to travel too much.
Pretty much. Not much of a party person so.
Well, it sucks to be them right now. So
protests.
Yeah, I know. It's I think, I think some of the protests are really awful, like um you know, some of the groups that participate in those things, like a like a lot of different hate groups kind of come together, that aren't really that, that don't really care necessarily about the stay at home order, you know, they're just like trying to they hate something. Uh It's just so so them.
Yeah.
Sam do you
like, do
you do you go out with masks or no? Okay.
No, just
Yeah,
that's like a fabric one that one of my colleagues like grandma's made. That's fine. Yeah.
I hear you. Yeah.
no,
that's fine. I'm just like trying to juggle like focusing on,
you know, certain certain hands and then the conversation um
I'm still in the tournament, so, you know, that's good. Bye. No. Mm How much time has passed? Yeah,
25 minutes. Okay.
Uh huh.
Hey, that was easy.
Yeah. Thanks for, thanks for showing up. You know, yesterday I whoever didn't show up, so.
Nice meeting you, too.