can you hear me?
I sure can.
Nice to meet you dan. I'm crystal.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, I live in texas in the United States. Um I work from home. I do a lot of uh website testing and uh survey panel stuff like that. Um I'm physically and mentally disabled. Um I just, I'm in too much pain to work,
refused opiates For the last 20 years. I'm not great data addictions in my family. I love animals. I like computers. I like meeting, well, I do like meeting new people, but I like to stick to my crew. Um And why don't you tell me a little about yourself?
I'm actually from Chicago.
I moved to texas almost four years ago.
Um Westside, humble corner area.
Parliament
square.
No,
you're talking, I lived in the city for 12 years and then I lived in um Naperville and Lyle Lombard
area. In the suburbs. Um Like prior to 24, am moves
to videos.
It was too, it's expensive to live wherever you go, but
actually
it's getting, it's very hard when you're on low income. Um I didn't know that. Like, you know the first apartment I rented? It was already knew. Uh huh. I didn't know they were low income student apartments. I had no idea. I had no idea. I mean, yeah, yeah, and then I had to move and it took me six months to find a place. It was pretty, that was last year. So, but I happily moved. Um I forgot what else I was gonna say. Um something you imagined. Yeah. Hey,
that
the
memory. Oh, but yeah, you live in struggle all your life.
Yeah. I couldn't stand the cold anymore. It was
too old.
Um I swore every year up and down since I was like a kid that I was moving and I came down to visit a friend and the apartments he was in is where I moved into. Um I just had to hit it, I got sick of it and this was more of a suburban area and I thought I can afford it is a little more expensive but I'm a whole body so that's fine, that's totally fine. Um But yeah and now I'm in a really nice like two bedroom, two bath were on their own washer and dryer and yeah it's costly but it's I'm home all day.
It's
a because now I have an office, I'm not looking at my computer all day.
Yeah.
Yeah. I have a 17 year old dog that found me in Chicago and a five year old cat that found me as well.
I would walk outside. The animals will be outside my door. I don't know how they got there like and actually when I lived on the south side um these kids would be bringing me their pets because they could not afford to eat themselves. Um So I made some you know taking in some dogs and re homing and yeah it became a lot though
but I had a 6.5 year old iguana that passed away in november But he was 10 lbs.
See
you around.
How do you train to get his own bathroom? I shared the office with him so he had his own room
him
like
it at first it was funny because male guanacos are funnier than females and I am like I'm betting what to get. But he would come out of the, he first had his room. So I got when I finally my put my desk in here um He finally had gotten used to his own room because I don't want to scratch on the patio door. Well the second
day I woke up to come up do some surveys whatever and uh he was on sleeping on the couch for the dog like I was interrupting his space in the morning. Yeah but
then he liked it then he got used to it because normally he'd be sitting right in front of me.
But yeah he was funny. He was longer than bathtub you know I mean he was completely for your room you know and great with the other animals to that school
them wow he's been with king Shane
you know.
Yes He was he was my second mail. I panicked Wanna since I was about eight or 9 years old. So this was my second mail. I've had like three or 45 ft females. So now I'm like debating what to get because their behavior with hormones are different.
The males are more wild and you know have these personality, they just want to wander and you know in females are more, you know, relax and less territorial.
So
Oh, I definitely am. Yeah.
Let me tell you, I I have faith. And it's funny because every time I go out and look for an animal. Yeah, I find one and I believe that God saying just wait, I have something for you. Well, uh huh. Just wait. It is something always ends up coming my way right now. I can't find it in Ghana. Mhm.
So I mean it's kind of like, wait, I have this one set for you.
No, they're not. So
yeah, there's a lot of little lizards and geckos and all that cast stuff which is fun florida's more um you're more apt to find, especially southern florida but like hawaii. Yeah.
So
now
I was born in Wisconsin but by the age of three I was in Illinois. So
no it is too cold there.
It's so cold. It's too cold
after a little bit less snowy. But man yeah it's just as I liked the transportation and right I just got it felt so cold and Greinke, you know all the time and then when you come visit a place and you see palm trees and it's you know uh
3.5 hour ride to the beach and it's I mean right now it's probably 70 some degrees outside maybe, you know? And what is in Chicago like 30.
I can't do it anymore. Can't do it. Can't do it, can't do it. It looks so pretty. The snow. I love the snow, it looks beautiful. But I don't like the cold that comes with it.
I mean, you know, it'll be 80° and in a week or something and the pool be open and kids running around and you know.
It's hot. But you just where less blows. I mean, you know, things happen a pair of shorts and
there's pools and like every community, I mean, you know, so there's always a way to cool off air conditioning is always good until air because Chicago we you know, I had window units, but I never had um
like
in Chicago, my rent range um was slumlords. I was living, you know in places that weren't permitted and because I needed a yard for my dog and then when I moved out here, it's kind of nice to go back to apartment management that actually gives a hoot, you know, and not because in Chicago what I have a 900 square foot two bedroom, two bath, You know, when with apartment management and maintenance and all, you know, you're looking at 1900.
let's go to the end behind. I'm in here. Me.
Unstuffed but
not have food.
and
they're adding
water.
I used to live right next to rum manuals office. Okay.
And I really didn't like him. So sometimes I would be like digging through my clothes and then be like boom, you know, right up to his window.
So when I did that I was on my way to store, I've pissed off about something getting wrong, cat cigarettes or whatever. All of a sudden I turn around on the way back in this like little fucking Prius or some shit, like beeping at me. Hey, thank you baby. And I knew it was the people from the office because I slam my, my finger pretty hard. You know what I'm saying? The dude, are you serious? Come to me in a real car and you know Chicago is very corrupt. Yeah that's, I think the worst thing like I like living in the community I am in because it's smaller. It's everybody kind of knows everybody. I mean in Chicago you really don't know your neighbors why. But
I'm in
san marcos which is right in between boston in, in san Antonio. Yeah.
I
will
give
up.
Yeah, I know and it's hard you know, I don't drive. So it's kind of like I'm actually one person, I never renew my license in Chicago because I was never going to use it. You know what I mean? The, the transit and everything. I'm like the one person that never got a parking ticket and I lived there 12 years.
I never read in my eyes is
no
friends. Uber. I have to I mean
at the worst you know it takes a couple of at first I was able to walk. I was actually really close and the last part there was a boss that we go there too. But then I met some friends and it's it's you know. Yeah usually they just kind of let me know if they're going to be going somewhere for You know a half hour, 40
minutes or whatever.
No and they'll drive me which is really nice. Actually I enjoy not driving less responsibility.
I was
going to tell you have you tried validity?
E.
A.
L. I. D. A. T. E. L. Y.
It's a website. Yeah user testing, it pays $10 you know But like they have $10 on moderated ones um Which you just kind of talk out what you're doing and they asked you know like find this on this site or find this or what do you think of this? Um You have to type in a few of them but they They take 10 to 15 minutes Under our moderated and that's $10 and
they send you there in seven days in favor. Yeah
I just did a $70 1 last week and got the money today. Um I've done like two or 3 $40 ones as well but I do at least one or 2 $10.1 a week.
Um You got because if you're home and you're working and you keep your email up actually I keep my phone up Um and it doesn't shut off for like 30 minutes, you know, Or unless you touch it and then it started 30 more minutes. But I'll keep keep that up during business hours because it's like three it's usually like three Little quick questions and I'll tell you whether you qualify in that
another
good
one is prolific.
Oh.
Mhm.
I
have, one
day yesterday a friend of mine has um cystic fibrosis, so we went to the army, the army base um because he's a disabled veteran, so he's I mean he's not going to get better, it's just vitamin you know, he's got to stay on it like good antibiotics and stuff like that, all that. I'm exhausted, we didn't get up like, so. Yeah.
The problem is the facilities are wonderful, but the staff rotates and changes so frequently that, you know, every doctor wants to change something, you're the one that, you know, we did this and this is working better, you know? Um So And then trying to he's been in the hospital over 100 days. That's like 2018, Both years. He was in the hospital for 100 days. Yeah.
Yeah. Like you said, I mean the facilities are B. A. You know, great. It's just a matter of getting good people and they don't want to pay them. They don't pay very well. So that's the problem.
Yeah. He's never really going to get better. This, you know, this is going to kill him.
Yeah. He's aware and then, you know, we get updates to our new medicines that come out.
Yeah. The last one that came out like two months ago, He
didn't have that gene, It would only work on certain genes.
So have you always wanted to be in the medical profession?
I don't I don't even really see it as a stereotype anymore, you know I mean, and I've been in the hospital quite a bit myself. So um it's definitely more diverse than it used to be.
That's that, that's positive. Yeah.
And
you know, different cultures, no different things and it's not shared among everybody. So I mean, you know, bringing all those minds together, you know, with different ways of thinking. Yeah.
people always know, they asked, they told me to say certain words, you know, because I have been an accent. Like I don't hear it in their them. No, but I sure apparently I still have the Chicago accent. Uh huh.
No, this doesn't leave Even my dad, he was in Chicago and then 20 years now he's been in Carolina. Is he still, he still kinda asked the Chicago accent. I can hurt him. Yeah. Uh huh.
Like, oh my God, my favorite part about Wisconsin and like the cheese has stayed. Did you ever have cheese kurds
and really fried cheese kurds from there? Oh my lord. This great energies. They were so good. And yeah, that's my favorite thing about Wisconsin, jeez.
but it's nice to move around. I'm just a home body. I like to be at home. Um I get out. You know, actually I help a lot of people out walking the dogs and you know, I've made some good friends around here. So uh yeah,
it's Ben. This is my fourth year going on surveys. Like
the first year it was like any survey I could get assigned went through survey police, which explained the survey sites and then had reviews by fan analysts,
like
thousands of people.
So it would list them the top rated ones. And I just went from that. Um read that, you know, some of them were aimed towards me. I don't have a car, I don't have a divorce or never been married, no kids. You know, certain demographics. I don't have that my income, you know, stuff like that. Um But the first year, yeah, anything. And then second year I'm like, I want a dollar and up. Third year I want to $2 and up and this year, you know, and I've been praying about this too because it's like God I need help. I mean, yeah, I can go on point club do five surveys. There are 22 bucks each And make my $10. I need $10 a day to survive. I get ability but all doesn't pay the bills. So I need $200 for medication and for food every month. So I used to work I was most you know the most you know you know the outgoing in high school captain you know started working in apartment management. You know got promoted manager. I was really good and all of a sudden just you know I don't know if it is the PTSD or an anxiety and all these feelings came up and you know I couldn't work anymore.
Yeah. Now it's figured out now it's figured out but it's for anybody trying to get help from the government. Like it's okay to give the rich money from the government but it's not okay to give the poor. Which is what a lot of people believe but I wouldn't be alive without it.
Yeah, it's mostly medical care than I need. So.
And your doctor and you understand that.
Also
mm.
Who
got
you to and say hello to Chicago from Crazy Crystal.
All right you have a great day now