Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. What? Yeah. Hey, how's it going,
yep, can you hear me as well?
Hi, nice to meet you, I'm dan.
Um so I think we're supposed to just kind of like talk for like 25 minutes or so. Um so
um tell me a little bit about yourself.
Oh, I see.
sure, sure, So I'm dan, I'm actually living in Chicago. Um I am a resident physician, so I am ultimately doing um uh like high surgery, but right now I'm just kind of doing general medicine. Um You know, I do kind of surveys and stuff on the side, my first years tends to be a little bit more flexible, tends to be, you know, it allows me to do things like this and do like kind of like online task, like kind of what you mentioned with like user user friendliness, like these are testing and all of that. Um I mean outside of that, you know I also love animals. I have two cats um spend a lot of time, you know kind of trying to be outdoors, do a lot of activities, like a lot of hobbies like gardening, working out, trying to stay active as much as possible. Especially it can be a little bit difficult with the winner, but you know it's
Oh you are okay.
Oh wow, what part in Chicago are you from?
Which part
of the park?
Oh no, it's nice. I'm in like the northwest suburbs kind of near like the O'hare like airport and all that. Yeah.
So.
Yeah. More software.
Isaac
me.
Yeah. No absolutely. Although I think texas is a little bit better in terms of you know living expenses than
in Illinois.
I don't
know,
you know.
No, no I actually just moved here so you know most of my life actually in California um and then I was doing medical school in Wisconsin and then I'm only here for the year and then go back to the west coast after this so I kind of just hop over everywhere. Um You know it depends on where the training kind of takes me. So it's been kind of like a fun adventure kind of go everywhere. Um You know south I mean I've been to texas a few times but never more than a day, don't really know too much about. All I know is there's a lot of hurricanes is very get very humid and um yeah it's it's pretty hot over there relative to like Chicago for sure.
what
yeah what ultimately got you to move from Chicago to texas then?
Yeah no it's worthwhile, you know if your if your home all day then you have to kind of like maximize that space, make it feel like as optimal as possible, you know? Yeah that's
great.
Yeah. No absolutely, it's nice to like separate your work and your your home stuff, especially when you're at home all day, like you mentioned. Yeah. Uh
you mentioned you like animals, Do you have any pets?
In Chicago as well? Nice.
Yeah no I I believe that, I mean
that sounds
like
for an iguana.
Oh it was
just kind of wandering
around.
Group.
but
Yeah that's funny.
that's really awesome.
King
Shane.
I see.
I say say sorry.
Are you thinking about getting another iguana then?
hopefully they'll just randomly come to your house and just like with all your other like your dog and your cat as well.
Uh huh.
Yeah. Well, are iguanas common in texas? I would imagine so. Right.
Maybe just more like lizards and other reptiles.
I say say so. Have you traveled anywhere else besides like you know, you mentioned you lived in Chicago and then you move to texas than anywhere else
you
mentioned like Okay.
Yeah. Just making your way down south. Huh.
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah. Although I I didn't move from Wisconsin and Illinois this year and like the winners here are not that bad compared to Wisconsin.
it's hard to leave.
I think it is like 30 right now it's supposed to it's actually been a pretty mild winter like on Christmas day it was like 60° which was like unbelievable. It's warmer than California is a beautiful day. Um yeah, it's been really weird. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Uh huh.
But what about the summer then? Don't you feel like the summer is like way too hot there in texas?
I feel like everyone is kind of like you fall into one of two camps, you know you either fall into the camp where you'd rather just wear a bunch of clothes and stay warm during winter or you just want to like take everything off and just like deal with the hot summers. And I think I'm more of a former group, I think I'm more of like the winter kind of like get close on kind of group.
Central
air.
Yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah, things are a lot. Uh
right, right. Plus like texas does texas have income tax? I can't remember.
I'm
okay. Okay. Which is already like a lot better, you know, like, I feel like Illinois has just a lot of like taxes and so you can kind of like a void
that
on top of
the winter. Yeah, I know. Yeah. So I mean, I guess it's a good time to leave for me.
Uh huh.
you're
Yeah. Especially like the bigger parts to like, you know, with all the apartment complexes, the high rises and all that. Um you know, I'm more like in the northwest, so it's like a lot he's like, it's, you know, a little more suburban, you know, that kind of feel like so yeah, but I completely get it. Are you in like a rural part of texas are more like near the big cities like Dallas Houston
Austin?
so that's more south than right, okay, texas
is
huge,
so
I don't really know.
Yeah, that's
Yeah, that's quite a feat.
So how are you getting around in texas? I imagine the public transport is not as great.
there.
It
sure. That's awesome.
Yeah, no, I understand. I mean it's nice to also get out of the house to, you know, you mentioned that you kind of work all day at home and so it's probably nice to go see your friends and then like, you know right
around.
uh I've heard of it. What
is that
again?
Is that like user testing?
that's
okay.
I see, I see. Huh
Okay. Yeah, that sounds great. I mean
you know, I've
been
Well that's how this uh yeah
this uh
No I agree this one.
I
it.
I get it, that's pretty hard. Although there's a lot of breakthroughs with like cystic fibrosis and stuff so you know who knows, especially you know if he was military and maybe the villa will kind of help him out.
it's it's tough especially with cystic fibrosis and stuff but you know it sounds like you know what what you guys kind of want is like that continuity of care someone kind of like stick around for the long term and that can be really tough in the V. A. It seems like. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. Hopefully it gets better you know I I know it's like
yeah well there's some other you know therapies that are that are just recently come out like in the last like one or two years. Um
But it just doesn't he doesn't qualify or something.
that one.
Yeah I see what you're saying. Okay okay darn
no no I had no idea. You know initially when I was in college I was thinking like you know I was thinking kind of maybe I'll do something gaming related, like online related. My dad, he did, he wrote a lot of code for like, you know, software, so for computers and I thought maybe something kind of related to that, and I just kind of stumbled into this, you know, I started working at a doctor's office and I really enjoyed what they were doing, and that's just kind of like helping spell into this, you know, I always tell my friends like it's funny because, you know, I'm asian and like it's such a stereotype to become like a doctor, an engineer or like a lawyer or something. And uh my parents, they told me to be whatever I want, you know, like an artist, whatever, you know, anything, and I just happened to fit that stereotype, it's just just how it goes, I guess.
Yeah. Yeah, Which is always a great thing, You know, I
yeah, no, I think it's really nice to have, you know, more diversity everywhere and like just be able
to,
if you like think about like, you know, moving from Chicago to um like in texas, you know, that's, that's in a way kind of like adding some diversity to it. You're kind of bringing a midwestern, uh you know, aspect into the south, which I think is great. Mhm.
I suppose that's not something that leaves you really easily.
Well, we'll see what part of Chicago Wisconsin I take with me to like the west coast again. Right.
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Land of beer and cheese, right? You know, with the spotted cow and all of that. Just, yeah, I'm going to miss it when I like move back. Yeah.
No, I'm glad. No, that sounds like awesome. You know, it sounds like you have a good like support system. Um You know, you have your pets and your friends and stuff. You have people who can help you get around. Um Sounds like you have like this whole like working from home kind of figured out with the whole like survey stuff,
What?
I
say I say
so.
Right. Right. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm glad you got it all figured out though.
Yeah. No. Absolutely.
Right. Right. All right.
I do. Yeah, I do. Yeah, I feel for you. Um
Yeah, it was it was actually a pleasure to be to talk to you today. Yeah. Uh
You know, best of luck in the future. Um Yeah,
good
luck.
We'll do. All right. All right, nice to meet you.
Goodbye.