it's good. Always kind of awkward at the beginning. Yeah,
I did this once
look
like couple of months ago.
I'm 20.
Uh sort of doing
the online thing, so so the feel like college, but I guess I am
no my third year actually,
so I'm
a junior baby.
Yeah. Yeah, I don't, I still don't know about the spring in january around there, but it's looking like it's going to be the same thing
florida.
Mhm Okay, I don't know how it's going up there, but I know down here it's kind of like rough.
Okay. I mean our governor just said we're open, but like it's pretty much like a unset rule to wear a mask at this point.
Yeah, at the it was fine at the beginning and then kind of like late april
May
around there, I guess people started like just not taking it seriously, it's kind of like oh wow, just like, I don't know.
now, I mean the cases are going down because I see more people wearing masks business. It's still kind of high in the cases.
It sucks. Kind of saying like the rest of the world just got over it. Kind of.
they're like, they're they're free basically.
right? I've been far well, I used to not follow it, but now it's kind of like, I kind of have to I guess.
Those uh
I don't know. I mean, I don't really like either of them, but you know, it's the lesser of two evils, I'd say biden. I mean it's still
Uh Yeah, there's some stickers I had of um Yeah, I'm kind of going to college for music. Yeah.
Two. So I mean, I played piano, that's like what's also made this pandemic kind of like worse I guess. Because like
because like I guess like my major kind of revolves around me like playing with other people. So it's like I haven't gotten a chance to really do that.
I had I mean our schools still open like it's basically
like an option if you want to go back to campus, you can. But the biggest thing was say like the cases do get really bad like they wouldn't refund your housing contract. That was the biggest thing. So I was like, no, it's not worth going back maybe for a couple of months or whatever, they're getting sent back. Yeah,
I have a couple of friends who like I mean my school is only like two hours away so it's not as
bad as some people,
but
it's
still like Yeah.
the
prolific. Um I
don't know, kind of like in the middle of like the summer I was just kind of like board and like I was like damn, I could've had a job by now now. I just got started looking online and I just found this I basically do it as kind of like a side thing or not. I mean it's the only thing I do know.
Yeah, I mean have have like a lot of friends who like have the time to like apply for jobs and all that. There's like a like a lot of openings for like they don't seem to really be hiring. I don't really get what's up.
You
heard it? Yeah. And then I know like dealing with like the unemployment like that hasn't worked at all.
And then um yeah, it's,
I feel like it's all a dream like it's in my head like the whole thing
because
I
don't yeah like when am I gonna wake up? But no, because I don't leave the house basically, so this is kind of I'm seeing all these things on these
things
on tv it's like doesn't really exist at this point.
I mean I kind of do go out just run around the neighborhood, go to like a nearby park for like, I don't know, it's kind of different like weird thing, it's surreal I guess that's the word.
Yeah, I know like I've I mean like I've I've had a couple of friends who like have like tours booked to like go around like europe and stuff and then that got canceled.
Bye.
No, no because it's like like like a tour like playing around like europe and stuff like musician stuff and uh yeah
and it was
supposed to be like good money but like I mean everyone's canceled kind of
I'm I know, I mean we've we've tried that like I've played a couple online concerts, but it's not like that, it's not the same thing
or does not like Yeah.
I mean I know there's a couple like local places that closed down down here since I live in Orlando, but I mean it's kind of like fine I guess it's like usually relies on tourists, but like I guess things are getting looser now, like more people are coming in. Yeah,
I know like in May june around there's like empty. Yeah.
No. Yes, since I live like around this area like 5, 10 minutes away from Disney, like it's like pretty much constant traffic 20 like all year round. It's kind of like weird like going like in the middle of the day and not saying like any cars sometimes.
nah. Yeah. Now they are like when they were closed like he used to like it's kind
of
Well now it's it's open but like limited amount of people I think.
Yeah. I know. I have a I have a couple of friends who like working some of the like the parks and stuff but like and I wouldn't go out, this is not safe. That's fine. Yeah.
I went to I heart the other day and it was kind of like felt weird being around like other people.
Actually I played out like a local like university like, like a small private
one. And it was kind of like dance music. And it was kind of weird because like the people who were dancing didn't have no mass or they were just kind of like dancing with each other in the open. Although let me keep my distance. Oh
Uh huh.
I
think I know
our school doesn't have a football team so it doesn't really affect us. But yeah, there's a thing saying like that
a girlfriend or like wanted like football teams to like stay open stuff.
Yeah. And um actually the the NBA bubble just kind of ended. I know that kind of worked out
Uh
I didn't know who to root for since it was kind of like I've always always kind of been late. I'm kind of fan of both teams. So it's like down Which one Do I root for. But I guess
I was
I guess
uh Yeah, I guess I was going towards more the Lakers
where
I mean the game before that was pretty good.
yeah, and then now, so I'm kind of stuck at home, although I've been just kind of like doing things, I wouldn't usually like get to.
Yeah, I mean like now I have more time to practice and just kind of stay focused on that or just like catching up on like shows or like uh movies or whatever.
okay.
Uh kind of more documentaries are just kind of like, I kind of like crunches. Yeah,
I've been just kind of like watching movies, just kind of like late at night, just old like 80s Movies I guess, Or like 90s or whatever, but uh Yeah, it's and it's I know 2020 has been like the butt of all jokes. We
actually has been like a pretty bad year. Yeah.
Especially with kind of like christmas and all that. Like people are probably going to get together and it's, yeah.
And it's kind of like, like, damn, how do we get to this point? Because I remember thinking like it march like, okay, it's going to last into like may and then like many cameras like down. I'm gonna wait till june. I said, okay, I'm gonna wait till And I'm like, Okay, I'm gonna wait till 20,
The,
it was more of the same thing.
And then, um, yeah, I know like of like a ton of people who
just kind of like this is their gap year or like just kind of like a break.
Yeah. Or like it's just like not kind of worth to like spend the money to like go to like a like a school or like everything's basically
shut down and now like nothing to look forward to basically.
Yeah. Well here's to hoping for that election doesn't kind of switch things around or keep the masses I guess but yeah. So how? Mhm. Yeah. So what part of like a Louisiana are you in? Yes.
Okay. Well I did that already passed by or is that?
Okay. Like like what's odd? Okay
because
I have like driven by Louisiana is just kind of swamp throughout the whole thing.
Uh We're going to um san Antonio texas but we like stop that Houston and like
remember.
Hey. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Um Yeah I don't know, it's kind of different from being like in florida where everything is kind of like urbanised I guess. And
then
like, yeah, I'm just kind of like all the same like formula I guess. Like in florida, this is a kind of small town. Um, It kind of depends where you go. Might be rural or like suburban, no real like urban places I guess.
No, you can't read go
walk
anywhere.
And uh,
you know, our, our town has always kind of been like a small town, but then like more people are moving in and moving is kind of like overcrowded almost.
And that's
kind
of like since I was kind of like, yeah, like lived here my whole life, like it's like just basically been all the same thing. Like since I've basically like have gone in the past couple of months against change like drastically.
I mean, yeah, it's good. But it's kind of like not good for nostalgia purposes I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. Or I don't know, I'm in, I'm up in Jacksonville like for school and then um, yeah, even then like the, like from like the first school year, it's like the second school year, I felt like there was like a big difference that happened like over the summer. Yeah.
Yes. It's like, apparently like the biggest like city in the US by like by land mass, I guess. Yeah, it does like one central area and then the rest of it's kind of just
outcasts.
No.
Yeah. Well, um, no. Yeah. And then I have a lot of friends who like want to move to new york. I don't know. It's just kind
of expensive.
Only because like that's like, I guess like the music scenes happening,
right? I know if rent costs, uh rent
costs are kind of like hi always. Yeah.
They even
don't understand the like as a musician, it's kind of like no real jobs because like overcrowded. Yeah.
Oh, I know the
other ones like L. A.
All
Yeah. Just one day I guess, but not for now. Yeah. Oh
yeah. He used to open that vaccine actually works if
No, I haven't kept I used to keep all kind of being optimistic, but then I fell off that.
Because they said august then they said september then they said october
there's just whenever.
Even down here like he said that he's going to kill it, but it's already hot down here,
This has been like the world's hottest year.
Dear.
Oh,
I don't know, might kind of have a couple options. I might just take a gap year and just kind of figured things out like before my masters, which looks like a lot of people do my few values um might just go into like, because the thing I was like playing to do this summer was kind of to do like Cruz gigs, which kind of like, it's like contract for like the whole like summer and it's like pretty stable at least that was
so that was the plan. Well,
so I might just go into like teaching, just playing around just people on going, I guess the and um yeah, I mean also thinking about just like switching careers just I don't know, I don't know this guy that I was like a like a plan B type thing.
Yeah. Because I know like music kind of like, I know a lot of people's music is kind of like why would you go into that type of job? So I mean I've always kind of been like on the side of just doing like electrician was like a backup
or even like
them. Yeah.
Or even like being like a plumber. Like I feel like stories.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Yes. It's kind of that's the backup plan I guess if music doesn't work out, but for now I guess keep on going what I'm doing.
Thank
you.
No.
Yeah, it's just yeah, can disheartening these past couple of months. Okay. And then the year started out for me. At least it started out fine. I get like it started out good. Not just like kind of slowly just dipped down. Mm.
It was kind of experiencing all the 1920s and one year. Mhm. Okay.
Remember in March when all that toilet paper stuff started happening?
Yeah. Or like people just hoarding like packets of water bottles. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I've never like our phone has never been like on the side of hoarding. Like when hurricanes come is like uh I
guess
a lot of another part of you I guess like just like a log down party. No. Well yeah, so thanks man. It's been a wild ride.
Um
The prophet.
All right. Thanks. Bye.