SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. But Mhm Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Oh wow, Mhm Right, Mhm Uh huh Yeah. Mhm Okay. Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh Okay uh Mhm Mhm Oh do you think? Mhm Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh Okay. What? Mhm Yeah. Right. Uh huh Okay. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. No, no. Oh let's talk. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yes Oh okay, Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm Right. Mhm Hello? Hi, good morning. I didn't think anybody was going to show up. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Is it is it morning where you are?
SPEAKER_R: Um it's just past 12. Well
SPEAKER_L: So are you on the East coast then somewhere? Okay, I'm on the West Coast, I'm in Portland Oregon, have you ever been out that way?
SPEAKER_R: Um well I've been to California, it was like probably my favorite trips. It was really great because I've never been out there before as a few years.
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: it recently
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was like three years ago, so it was like after freshman year we went out
SPEAKER_L: Problem?
SPEAKER_R: to like Yosemite and everything and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I never
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: had that part. Yeah, it was really awesome. I really wanted my family and I want to go to Portland, obviously not now.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah and I wouldn't say now is the time to be here. It's, you know, I don't know. It's kind of interesting the like perception of people outside of Portland and the information that they get because I'll get emails from people and my family asking like if we're safe and if we're secure and it's really just like one block of this, well maybe like five blocks of the city that all the violence and riding and centralized him and I'm out in the suburbs so it's probably
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: 10 miles from where we are. But
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's nice out here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I really want to go out. Like I was because I was like thinking about it, I want to move to when I grew up and stuff and I was like, yeah, definitely like Washington and Oregon stuff will be on my list because like I really want environmentally stuff and there's all that stuff out there.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of that out here. Yeah. So are you still in school?
SPEAKER_R: Um well I just graduated high school and so I was going to obviously go to college in the fall, but then I decided to gap here and everything so I'm just kind of chilling here.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, I think that's a good decision for a lot of reasons. Even without the pandemic, I would recommend that. I mean I went to school right away after I graduated high school and didn't really know what I wanted to do and wasted a lot of money taking classes that weren't really useful and yeah, still
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: paying
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: for him.
SPEAKER_R: so what's your job now?
SPEAKER_L: I am an elementary school teacher. So um I taught 4th grade for 11 years And I've done a year in 3rd grade,
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: so I'm doing third grade next year.
SPEAKER_R: what? So are you guys virtual this year? We know
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: starting
SPEAKER_R: coming.
SPEAKER_L: out that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because like, I mean, because I'm always so curious because obviously I'm not in the public school system anymore. But like all my friends, like a lot of at least a lot of my friends are still like finishing up high school and everything is just so crazy planning everything like I don't even want.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it certainly wasn't easy to switch to and
SPEAKER_R: Walk
SPEAKER_L: it wasn't easy to switch to so abruptly. So I'm hoping that there's more
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: of a plan when we go back in
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a couple of weeks um because it was really just a lot of people doing what they thought was best, how they thought was best. So there wasn't
SPEAKER_R: War
SPEAKER_L: any real focused curriculum or even like platform. A lot of people used google classroom. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. This
SPEAKER_L: some people use the other stuff, but yeah, it was, it was not good for anybody really.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like with like your students and stuff, did you just like zoom them a bunch or did you like get to visit them? It all is
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, so we were, I made a lot of
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: phone calls right initially to kind of wanted us to see what um what needs people had as far as technology. Um if there
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: were like food insecurities, um rent, utility problems, stuff
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: like that, because we had some resources that we could extend the people. So I reached out to families initially
SPEAKER_R: All right. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and did all of that and then the lessons that I taught, I would put into google classroom and then we had office hours that we were available where um people could email, they could zoom. Um I gave all my families, my my cell phone number so they could tax or call uh my face time with a couple of kids to like help them with math stuff. And yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: So it was, but the engagement was really low. I mean I had
SPEAKER_R: Warner.
SPEAKER_L: 30, 31 kids in my class and they were probably like 12 that were on there regularly and actually engaged in doing stuff.
SPEAKER_R: So you teach in the city of Portland or like the suburb of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I mean the school's addresses Portland, um but it's probably eight mi from like downtown Portland. Um So yeah, it's it's a suburb um and it's it's a pretty pretty impoverished neighborhood um kind of starting to turn around a little bit, but um in the time that I've been there, you know, it's kind of grown a little bit and the value of the homes is coming up a little bit, but um we have a very diverse population. Um There's I think like 22 different languages spoken in the school of 400
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and 20, Kids, Kids. Um A
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot of Russian, Ukrainian and that was kind of the dominant group when when I got hired there, but they've kind of um moved out of the neighborhood and we get a lot of refugees from Somalia. Um yeah, Myanmar, um china,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and then Vietnam, so like chinese,
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: Vietnamese, Spanish, Russian, Ukrainian, they're like the five top languages.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's so good. Do you think like the reason why there was so little engagement was because of like internet access and stuff like that? Or like language barrier? Because
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. You know, the school had or the district had quite a few chromebooks that were being used in the, in the school and then the classrooms and they made those available to families that wanted them or needed them, which was great. But you know, you still need internet access to use one of those.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I heard a lot of,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a lot of stories of kids that were trying to do stuff on their mom and dad's phone because that was the only internet connection that they had. Um So yeah, I think that was definitely a part of it was not having reliable internet access um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and not having the support from somebody at home too. Um
SPEAKER_R: And you know what?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I mean, even a lot of the native english speakers um in my class, like their parents didn't have the greatest
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: experience in school and so it's hard to like value education when you didn't feel like it was, you got a lot from it. Um So
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No more.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of problems
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and a lot of hurdles, but it's also
SPEAKER_R: What's this your Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We um I had a uh the day before school started, I got an email that I was going to have a student um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: who was a newcomer had just come to the country um and they didn't have a lot of information about him because some of this paperwork had been messed up when they came into the country and this boy showed up the very first day of school and just stood in front of me and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I said hi, I missed her, you. And he said hi, I'm mr you. And I said, Oh you must speak my new student and keep repeating everything that I said, because he had zero English. He had been born in a refugee camp in chad and had lived there for 8, 8.5 years um,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: had very minimal schooling there. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and, but just the nicest sweetest boy and I became really good friends with the family. Um, and we were able to offer a lot of support
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: They had been sponsored by catholic charities, so they had, you know, food and clothes and assistance with bills and stuff like that. But um, we were able to get the kids bikes, christmas and um, a lot of my friends and family members donated and we got him a gift card to a grocery store. And um, because I just, I can't imagine that like showing up somewhere with no personal connections, no, the inability to speak the language and just how scary
SPEAKER_R: Remember.
SPEAKER_L: that must have been and well, it still is, I'm sure for them. So
SPEAKER_R: So like do you find it like super rewarding and stuff too? Like I mean you obviously like teach a diverse group of kids and everything. Do you like is that what you envisioned when you first decided to become a teacher and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean not necessarily the diversity, like I got into it to help kids. Um, and yeah, I mean it is very rewarding. And I have a friend that, um, graduated high school the same year that I did, that got into teaching at the same time that I did. Um, and he got hired at one of the like elite private catholic schools
SPEAKER_R: Parents.
SPEAKER_L: in town and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: our problems were night and day different, but he's already left teaching
SPEAKER_R: 10.
SPEAKER_L: because it was just
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: too much. I mean it was demanding parents and the behind the scenes politics
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and and and he didn't feel like he was really helping. He said you know these kids have everything they need and then some and they just see me as like a waste of their time. So yeah, it's it is very rewarding
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and um you know it yeah, it's nice to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that you're that I'm making a difference and it's really one of the most rewarding parts of it is when kids come back
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: after they've graduated high school or while they're in high school. Um Yeah, that's the part that always makes me think like you know I did make a difference, I meant something to these kids enough to where they wanted to come back and see
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly that sounds
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, but it's also very frustrating and very draining.
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: I mean there have been times where you know I had,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: This was probably like four years ago, so I've been teaching like eight years.
SPEAKER_R: Ryan
SPEAKER_L: Um it like it just hit me in the hallway and I like Oh my God I need to teach for another 20 years before I more tired like How am I going to do that? Like I don't know that I'm going to make it to the end of the day, like let alone the end of this week, like how am I going to make it another 20 years and I
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: had to like take a step back and like take some deep breaths and reset and you know those days are few and far between. But yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: He like Matthew would joke about. Well, I don't even know if the joke, he really does have a 20-year plan where he like he has a countdown on his board of the year is going to retire. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we have one of those in the staff room like once it gets to March of like how many school days are left until the last day. But um Yeah and then I have two kids of my own which
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: also makes a more draining to come home like spend all day with kids and then come home to kids and they try and my kids try and pull the exact same stuff and it's like no, I get paid to deal with that, I'm not going to let you do it for free. Like, so
SPEAKER_R: Are they elementary school too?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my daughter is going to be in 5th grade and my son is going to be in Kindergarten. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Starting a new school year is like, especially now is like kind of, it just seems so sad. Like there's like a have like a neighbor
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: who's like in second grade. She talks about how she's got, she has to meet her flat teacher because we're teaching on the screen. I'm not going to meet any new friends and everything and I'm like, I'm so sad like you don't know. I didn't really remember. But it is like important just like meeting people and like a socialization and all that stuff. So disappointing. It's like a zoom is like the best you have.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. I mean that the first week of school really is just building relationships
SPEAKER_R: Back
SPEAKER_L: and building
SPEAKER_R: again.
SPEAKER_L: trust and building community and that's the biggest fear that I have for this year is not getting to do that right off the bat. And if we do end up back in the building at some point I'm going to take the time to try and do it then, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because we also have like a lot of, yeah, it's like a pretty, it's kind of divided here in terms of like we do have like we have it's pretty diverse, but there's like definitely like there's like the people who have like a bunch of money, then there's a lot of people who don't have like anything because there's like a lot of parents were just hire, you've probably heard about this like hiring private tutors for their kids like for this year because we're be online and everything. And so like they're like certain parents are mad about it because they're like when your kids get to be ahead and everything, well like you can't, we can't afford that and like then everyone else and it's just like the inequity is just going to get bigger and bigger.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it's that unintended divide and gap that, you know by nobody's, you know, I don't think that anybody at the district level is doing it intentionally, but it's the unintended results of like not having a computer, not having the internet access, not having um access
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: to somebody who is fluent in english and even, you know what we've found in our district is like kids with parents who are fluent
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in english, don't always have that like academic english and can't always like understand and process what's going on in the assignment because, you know, they're they're fluent english, but you know, they didn't do well in school themselves and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's it's sad there if somebody comes up with an answer, they'll they'll get the Nobel prize for sure, but it's, I think it's just gotten to be such a big problem over the years that it's going to take something major to figure it out and solve it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. This is, this just exacerbates like everything has already been happening and everything because like, yeah, for our schools we have I don't know if it's like, I don't know how it works in like bigger city schools like Portland or something, but like our schools or like you always have your neighborhood school, like your science school and everything, but like, people can choose like really easily to like obviously go to a different school if they want to do and everything. Is that the same in like Portland?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, so we have statewide what they call open enrollment, where you can apply to any district, um but you are required to transport your student there, so like you can't get us or transportation school bus if you send your child to school outside of your neighborhood. Um But yeah, I mean that's created a lot of problems to um when I was doing my student teaching, there was a neighborhood that was like right in the early stages of kind of being gentrified, it had been traditionally an african american neighborhood um and they started pumping a lot of money
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: into this kind of like commercial core in the neighborhood, and a lot of people with money started moving in. Um But they didn't send their kids from the neighborhood school. So what you had was what they referred to at the school as the brain drain. Where like the only kids that were left were from families who either didn't know that they could get their child out of that situation, didn't care that they could get their child out of that situation or didn't know how to get there chop out of that situation. So you know the neighborhood all around is like thriving and growing, but the school system is still just flat because it's not getting the resources that that the other schools are.
SPEAKER_R: everywhere. Yeah. Because like, I live like what I don't I don't I live in ann arbor michigan, but like, it's just kind of issue with like Pepsi schools and everything. Like they like it's been it's honestly been like mostly parent driven like there's been because like, they were about to close, I think they might have closed and then they opened back up like the district itself, but like this L1 elementary school that like has been like pretty like almost parent run words like they're creating all the community and everything like that. And like, there's just struggling to actually find parents who like will obviously be able to have the time and have the resources to put into the school to make it better again. Because like the only kids that were left at the school were those who like whose like parents couldn't drive them to ANn Arbor pretty much. And so that was just like another issue. But yeah, with our school choice and everything and it's like, yeah, the schools have just become so segregated, especially at like the, I think it's probably more at elementary level because we have such many elementary's, but then you just are forced to mix together once you get to middle school and high school and everything. But it's just become so bad because like there's like this one school that's like near my house and like they just broke out. Like it was like mobile classrooms, like those modules because they're so to go there. And so everything is just like overcrowded there with their education is ultimately suffering anyway. Even though that's where all the parents they want to send their kids and stuff. Come
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: said that that
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: segregation kind of lessens the farther
SPEAKER_R: work
SPEAKER_L: along you get.
SPEAKER_R: definitely because you just force like mixed together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. But I mean from a community standpoint like was that did that like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: social segregation continued through like middle school and high school or was there more being of?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I would say definitely. Especially like it depends on what high school you went to to, like. My high school is probably the worst out of like the three that we have because like we are the least diverse high school um in the town and stuff in terms of definitely socioeconomic status and racially and everything. But yeah, because like we find like a lot of issues with like especially like black students and like pointing out how like and like our ap classes, like they're the only ones who are black there. And um so yeah, that's so it's still a pretty big issue once you get to high school you just like at least see people that are different but like doesn't mean you hang out with them or anything. So mm
SPEAKER_L: Were
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you born
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: and raised in ANn Arbor
SPEAKER_R: well I was adopted from china but I've been like pretty much born and raised so like I don't remember anything else besides ANn
SPEAKER_L: ann
SPEAKER_R: Arbor. Well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've got I've not been out to
SPEAKER_R: Know what?
SPEAKER_L: to, I've been to Chicago, I have a cousin and aunt that lived in Chicago, but other than that I haven't gotten out to the midwest. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What is uh what do you do in ann arbor for
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: fun?
SPEAKER_R: Well there's like a lot of, there's like a lot of parks and outdoor, these kind of things for outdoorsy people. So like like canoeing on the river is really big in the summer usually. And then like definitely like a lot of hiking trails, we have like a lot of nature areas especially because the university, they have like a lot of stuff that they own that's like free public to use. So like we like to go there a lot And um we will be I mean in the summer we usually like to like to bike downtown at least walk downtown or something like that to get like food or like get ice cream, there's like this really good ice cream place, it's been here for like 70 years and like this there's still like people still go, there's still a line now like when we ride by because every like it's just everyone so committed to going
SPEAKER_L: That's how you
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: know, it's good when you've been around that long and you still have a line.
SPEAKER_R: yep. And what else do I mean? Yeah, most of my life with school, probably too much school so I didn't have as much time to explore stuff but we definitely like going out to eat and stuff especially with all the students and everything like that. There's always something to do, like concerts and shows and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So University of michigan in ANn arbor? Right, okay. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: And I've got to imagine that's like a whole city in and of itself. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah
SPEAKER_L: because I've been up to a Seattle and University of Washington is the same way it's like
SPEAKER_R: handling.
SPEAKER_L: in Seattle but it's the whole another city just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: looking
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: for.
SPEAKER_R: I think like I don't yeah because I have seen like some colleges that are definitely like set apart from the city because I think a lot of people like that that U. Of M. Is kind of like it's very integrated within like all of our city stuff, it's not like a separate campus and everything, which means the campus is super super big because it's so cold out and everything. But like, people like definitely um students definitely say like ann arbor is a completely different city when you're actually like as a student versus like a townie and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Portland's fate is in downtown proper. Um But it's a it's a pretty small school and it's a commuter school. Um There there is some student housing but the
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: majority of people are are commuter students. Yeah, so there are a lot of lakes in michigan.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it's, I mean it's appreciates like 10,000 lakes or more as I just sort of like, I think, I don't know if it's, I think Minnesota's that is called the land of 10,000 lakes, but I think we also have 10,000 lakes, so I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: We flew
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: into
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: Minnesota
SPEAKER_R: a dozen like
SPEAKER_L: once um when I was going back
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: east and I just remember like seeing all the lakes from up in the airplane and it was amazing. Uh huh. I live
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: probably an hour from Mount Hood which is the tallest mountain in Oregon and there's a lot of lakes up on Mount Hood. We were just up at one monday. Um and I got an inflatable
SPEAKER_R: Quick.
SPEAKER_L: kayak last summer so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I took that out with the kids and the little swimming, little fishing and um, yeah, I love getting out and being on the water. Um, I used to hike a lot more before we have the kids. Uh, but in the, we're also about an hour away from the Columbia Gorge, which is where the Columbia River runs.
SPEAKER_R: Harry.
SPEAKER_L: Um, and divides Oregon and Washington on the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: north side of Oregon there. Um, and there's like beautiful scenery. Um, but a lot of the hikes are
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: really steep and there's
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: like loose rock and severe drop offs and I couldn't get my wife to let me take the kids up there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That sounds great. I really want to go now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So or were you planning on going to University of Michigan or what, where
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: were you going to go to school?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I was going to go to smith college. You of them was like my super super close second. I still feel like I could have chosen there have been like really happy. But yeah, I was gonna go to smith college out in your boston and stuff and like massachusetts doing pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: So I mean if I could have, I feel like I decided to go, I think they've been one of the best places to go since they're like doing pretty well right now and everything. But I was just like I still, I would only be allowed on for 2.5 months and so I was like if I am can defer a year which like they're letting us and everything and hopefully I pull in person stuff, I was like why not just like wait for one more year for everything to hopefully settle down a little bit and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Are you still living at home saving money? Good.
SPEAKER_R: Or I couldn't
SPEAKER_L: There's always
SPEAKER_R: I don't even
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: what it was,
SPEAKER_L: like, I'm sorry Wyatt.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even know where I live if I couldn't live at home because all the student housing is like obviously booked by the U. Of M. Students.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's always that big push to like spread your wings and
SPEAKER_R: No of
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: your freedom, but just cost so much money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm perfectly chill. B um learning light skills.
SPEAKER_L: Are you an only child? Do you have siblings?
SPEAKER_R: I do have I have one sister, she's uh she's going to be a senior in college and she's also staying home. She's super disappointed because she did her exchange year like last year. So she barely got to college campus at all. Pretty much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did she go for exchanger?
SPEAKER_R: Um She went to London. Yeah she's she loves she loves all the big cities and everything so she can't wait to go back when like I'm done with college and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Did you guys go visit her at all when she was over there?
SPEAKER_R: Well we were all supposed to but I had to do my S. A. T. Which was not fun but my mom got to visit her and everything and they had a lot of fun and they sent a lot of pictures and me and my dad were jealous.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Have you been to europe before?
SPEAKER_R: No. And
SPEAKER_L: I have. So
SPEAKER_R: I really want
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: to know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yes, My my 21st birthday
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: was September 11, and we were we were supposed to be going, my dad was working for a company um that had offices in Dresden Germany and we were supposed to be, he had a meeting or conference or something over there and we were all supposed to fly Into um London on 12 September. And my sister woke me up on my birthday and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: she was like, I don't think we're going to London tomorrow. And I was like, what? Because yeah, a plane flew into the World Trade Center and I was like, well what does that have to do with us going to London?
SPEAKER_R: Detective.
SPEAKER_L: She was like, well just get up and watch the news. So I got up and watch
SPEAKER_R: Course one.
SPEAKER_L: the news and it was like, yeah, we're not going to London tomorrow. Um, and I just, I've never been back or never been never. The, the trip obviously got canceled and then my dad lost his job as part of the economic fallout. And it was just not meant to be. So there's enough fun places around here to explore that
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: are a little
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: bit
SPEAKER_R: worry.
SPEAKER_L: deeper. So yeah. So you want to do, you said you want to do like environmental work? Do you want to do like environmental policy or?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm not sure about that yet and like obviously I could still just change my major and like it could be completely different. But yeah, I don't know. It's like I don't want to work in an office. I know everyone says they don't want to work in an office but we'll have to work in an office like at least five days like five days a week maybe like something that can be outside. So I don't know if environment policy seems like I'd be like maybe cooped up in the office so doesn't sound that great. But like. Yeah I was like because like you're like field work is fun and everything but then you get paid like nothing you're so you have to balance like I need money with this is gonna be fun. Well like I don't know definitely. Like I've hopefully try to integrate fieldwork at least being outside and like maybe going to sites and everything that like are like contaminated and like I'm like analyzing how to fix them and stuff like that. So that could be like you could like hopefully just split my time outside versus being in the office. And so that would probably involve like maybe like a planner or like a project manager or like a brownfield like um what's that called? The person who like deals with brownfields and then like figures out how to rework them so that they're like public places that are safe to use and stuff like that again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We've got a nuclear power plant about 45 minutes north of Portland. That has been, it's not in use anymore. But it's not like, I don't think it's been fully decommissioned. Like they're
SPEAKER_R: And uh
SPEAKER_L: talking about underground like leaks in the underground storage tanks and all that fun stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's great. Yeah we have like a you have a dioxin plume, it's like under my house which is not great. We had to switch to, we have to like switch to city water because the dioxin was in the water and like ann arbor was like on like the list. Well it could have become like a superfund site but obviously that would be really bad for like property prices in the university and everything. They've done everything possible to make sure that like no one knows about the plume for one thing. And so that like we don't become a superfund site. But yeah, it's just really bad because it slowly just creeping towards the river and they're just saying, yeah, we're just gonna wait and hopefully it just doesn't come when
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: we're still alive.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it'll take care of itself. So did you guys plan on a well? Like did you guys have a well
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: on, we're
SPEAKER_L: water?
SPEAKER_R: on like, well water is. Yeah. I think we're more water. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But then they made everyone switch over to the city. Water? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Get like emails periodically and stuff because like they're doing the Ox include testing and everything and I just don't want to read anymore because I'm like, I don't want to know how bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Ban
SPEAKER_L: It's not a joe biden picture up there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I wrote him forth. So we had to like in fourth grade, we had to like write to a famous person and everyone was writing to President Obama and I was like, I know I'm never going to get a response from him because he was
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like 10,000 letters. So I'm going to be different. Right joe biden. And I didn't think I was going to get a response. And I mean for all I know it was like he's like in turn that rewrote it to me or something, but I still got in response with a signature that looked like his and I got the picture up there
SPEAKER_L: Ask
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, this is cool. Yeah, like I only took like two months for me to get me back. I was really surprised I got New Year's Eve and I was like, wow, this is amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Was everyone else in your class jealous that you got a response?
SPEAKER_R: No, because they were like, it's not President Obama and I'm like okay,
SPEAKER_L: But it's the next best thing
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: might be president now. So like the high school reunion. you can take it and be like, I knew I made the right call.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I was like, I can save the signature and then I'll sell it because I have this
SPEAKER_L: When I was in like
SPEAKER_R: part.
SPEAKER_L: second grade, third grade, we used to do this thing that it's just so environmentally horrible looking back of it now. But the school, everyone in the school would get a helium balloon and we would write a note and tie it to the balloon and let them off in the soccer field. And there were like instructions to, if you found the balloon, like how to write a letter and send it back to the kids. Um And it was just like horrible, like you'd get one person in the class that would get one returned. Um But one year, I think it was my third grade year, a bunch of my friends and I decided to tie ours together because we're like, well that will have a better chance of surviving and going farther. And they actually made it like 45 miles south of Portland. And we got the three of us got our cards returned. Um And some guy was like out hunting on his property and found the balloons and yeah and that was like my everyone in the class was so jealous that we got our cards returned. But. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. My favorite part was honestly, I mean the message, my questions were really done. Looking back, it was like, do you travel with the president? But like I remember like the paper was like so official and was like the highest quality paper. I still have the letter and stuff and like wow, this is like real president paper, I'm going to keep this forever. And I was like, I remember like examining the signature under the light and I'm like, is this real pen or is it like a stamp? I'm pretty sure it was like real sharpie pen. So I'm like, okay, yeah, my dog. That's nice. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well you have anything planned for today?
SPEAKER_R: Alright. Already like we take me and my mom take like super long walks in the morning stuff with my dog who's a lot of energy despite being like, like we walk up like we have like it's pretty hilly around our neighborhood so like they have like a bunch of pills, I got to go up and everything and she just never
SPEAKER_L: Back.
SPEAKER_R: stopped ever from barking at anything. She always always super jumpy. But yeah, so I don't have anything else planned, right? I don't think so. I've been getting to like cooking and baking like a lot of people during quarantine because the level was sandwich level before, so I needed a little bit more skill because I was like, I'm going to college, I should know how to turn on a stove at least. So yeah, I might do something like that, but I don't
SPEAKER_L: We got
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: I gotta suvit machine, you know what that is? I serve it up a bunch of chicken the other day just like trying different marinades
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and um Yeah, it turns out so tender and yeah, I love it. We're going to my grandparents have beach house um on the Oregon coast and we're gonna go down there tomorrow. So we're getting all packed up today and
SPEAKER_R: My holes
SPEAKER_L: get the car packed up and we're going to be down there for a week. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I saw a change of scenery.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my mom really wants to go out near lake michigan and stuff, but like we have to like figure out like the cleaning stuff and everything for like whatever rental we would get. And she's like, and it would be kind of far it at least be a few hours so we have to go to the rest stop and she's like I just don't want to do all that crazy stuff so we're gonna wait for. Maybe hopefully hopefully fall we can. But yeah any change of scenery is good besides grounds. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Our house got really small really quick. Yeah. I like april it was like all right. He's got to give. But what was nice talking with you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was
SPEAKER_L: Good luck with your future endeavors.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And you're obviously your school your and stuff
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Maybe. I'll see you out cleaning up. Hanford are our nuclear site. Turning it into a
SPEAKER_R: Apart.
SPEAKER_L: recognition of the base. Yeah. It is right on the river. All right. I think we just go back to the uh the original survey team.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah please return to this browser tab. Yeah. Yeah. All right.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a good day. Nice talking with you,
SPEAKER_R: you too. Bye.