Uh huh. Yeah, mm. Uh huh. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. But Mhm Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Oh wow, Mhm Right, Mhm Uh huh Yeah. Mhm Okay. Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh Okay uh Mhm Mhm Oh do you think? Mhm Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh Okay. What? Mhm Yeah. Right. Uh huh Okay. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. No, no. Oh let's talk. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yes Oh okay, Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm Right. Mhm Hello? Hi, good morning. I didn't think anybody was going to show up. Mhm.
Is it is it morning where you are?
So are you on the East coast then somewhere? Okay, I'm on the West Coast, I'm in Portland Oregon, have you ever been out that way?
Was
it recently
Problem?
No.
Beautiful.
Mhm Yeah and I wouldn't say now is the time to be here. It's, you know, I don't know. It's kind of interesting the like perception of people outside of Portland and the information that they get because I'll get emails from people and my family asking like if we're safe and if we're secure and it's really just like one block of this, well maybe like five blocks of the city that all the violence and riding and centralized him and I'm out in the suburbs so it's probably
10 miles from where we are. But
yeah, it's nice out here.
there's a lot of that out here. Yeah. So are you still in school?
Uh huh. Yeah, I think that's a good decision for a lot of reasons. Even without the pandemic, I would recommend that. I mean I went to school right away after I graduated high school and didn't really know what I wanted to do and wasted a lot of money taking classes that weren't really useful and yeah, still
paying
for him.
I am an elementary school teacher. So um I taught 4th grade for 11 years And I've done a year in 3rd grade,
so I'm doing third grade next year.
we're
starting
out that way. Yeah.
Yeah, it's um
it certainly wasn't easy to switch to and
it wasn't easy to switch to so abruptly. So I'm hoping that there's more
of a plan when we go back in
a couple of weeks um because it was really just a lot of people doing what they thought was best, how they thought was best. So there wasn't
any real focused curriculum or even like platform. A lot of people used google classroom. Um
some people use the other stuff, but yeah, it was, it was not good for anybody really.
Um Yeah, so we were, I made a lot of
phone calls right initially to kind of wanted us to see what um what needs people had as far as technology. Um if there
were like food insecurities, um rent, utility problems, stuff
like that, because we had some resources that we could extend the people. So I reached out to families initially
and did all of that and then the lessons that I taught, I would put into google classroom and then we had office hours that we were available where um people could email, they could zoom. Um I gave all my families, my my cell phone number so they could tax or call uh my face time with a couple of kids to like help them with math stuff. And yeah,
So it was, but the engagement was really low. I mean I had
30, 31 kids in my class and they were probably like 12 that were on there regularly and actually engaged in doing stuff.
Yeah. Um I mean the school's addresses Portland, um but it's probably eight mi from like downtown Portland. Um So yeah, it's it's a suburb um and it's it's a pretty pretty impoverished neighborhood um kind of starting to turn around a little bit, but um in the time that I've been there, you know, it's kind of grown a little bit and the value of the homes is coming up a little bit, but um we have a very diverse population. Um There's I think like 22 different languages spoken in the school of 400
and 20, Kids, Kids. Um A
lot of Russian, Ukrainian and that was kind of the dominant group when when I got hired there, but they've kind of um moved out of the neighborhood and we get a lot of refugees from Somalia. Um yeah, Myanmar, um china,
um
and then Vietnam, so like chinese,
Vietnamese, Spanish, Russian, Ukrainian, they're like the five top languages.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. You know, the school had or the district had quite a few chromebooks that were being used in the, in the school and then the classrooms and they made those available to families that wanted them or needed them, which was great. But you know, you still need internet access to use one of those.
Um So I heard a lot of,
a lot of stories of kids that were trying to do stuff on their mom and dad's phone because that was the only internet connection that they had. Um So yeah, I think that was definitely a part of it was not having reliable internet access um
and not having the support from somebody at home too. Um
Yeah, because I mean, even a lot of the native english speakers um in my class, like their parents didn't have the greatest
experience in school and so it's hard to like value education when you didn't feel like it was, you got a lot from it. Um So
yeah,
there's a lot of problems
and a lot of hurdles, but it's also
We um I had a uh the day before school started, I got an email that I was going to have a student um
who was a newcomer had just come to the country um and they didn't have a lot of information about him because some of this paperwork had been messed up when they came into the country and this boy showed up the very first day of school and just stood in front of me and
I said hi, I missed her, you. And he said hi, I'm mr you. And I said, Oh you must speak my new student and keep repeating everything that I said, because he had zero English. He had been born in a refugee camp in chad and had lived there for 8, 8.5 years um,
and
had very minimal schooling there. Um,
and, but just the nicest sweetest boy and I became really good friends with the family. Um, and we were able to offer a lot of support
to
them.
They had been sponsored by catholic charities, so they had, you know, food and clothes and assistance with bills and stuff like that. But um, we were able to get the kids bikes, christmas and um, a lot of my friends and family members donated and we got him a gift card to a grocery store. And um, because I just, I can't imagine that like showing up somewhere with no personal connections, no, the inability to speak the language and just how scary
that must have been and well, it still is, I'm sure for them. So
Yeah. I mean not necessarily the diversity, like I got into it to help kids. Um, and yeah, I mean it is very rewarding. And I have a friend that, um, graduated high school the same year that I did, that got into teaching at the same time that I did. Um, and he got hired at one of the like elite private catholic schools
in town and
our problems were night and day different, but he's already left teaching
because it was just
too much. I mean it was demanding parents and the behind the scenes politics
and and and he didn't feel like he was really helping. He said you know these kids have everything they need and then some and they just see me as like a waste of their time. So yeah, it's it is very rewarding
and um you know it yeah, it's nice to
know
that you're that I'm making a difference and it's really one of the most rewarding parts of it is when kids come back
after they've graduated high school or while they're in high school. Um Yeah, that's the part that always makes me think like you know I did make a difference, I meant something to these kids enough to where they wanted to come back and see
me.
So yeah, but it's also very frustrating and very draining.
I mean there have been times where you know I had,
This was probably like four years ago, so I've been teaching like eight years.
Um it like it just hit me in the hallway and I like Oh my God I need to teach for another 20 years before I more tired like How am I going to do that? Like I don't know that I'm going to make it to the end of the day, like let alone the end of this week, like how am I going to make it another 20 years and I
had to like take a step back and like take some deep breaths and reset and you know those days are few and far between. But yeah. Yeah
we have one of those in the staff room like once it gets to March of like how many school days are left until the last day. But um Yeah and then I have two kids of my own which
also makes a more draining to come home like spend all day with kids and then come home to kids and they try and my kids try and pull the exact same stuff and it's like no, I get paid to deal with that, I'm not going to let you do it for free. Like, so
Yeah, my daughter is going to be in 5th grade and my son is going to be in Kindergarten. Yeah.
What?
Right. Yeah. I mean that the first week of school really is just building relationships
and building
trust and building community and that's the biggest fear that I have for this year is not getting to do that right off the bat. And if we do end up back in the building at some point I'm going to take the time to try and do it then, but yeah.
yeah, yeah, it's that unintended divide and gap that, you know by nobody's, you know, I don't think that anybody at the district level is doing it intentionally, but it's the unintended results of like not having a computer, not having the internet access, not having um access
to somebody who is fluent in english and even, you know what we've found in our district is like kids with parents who are fluent
in english, don't always have that like academic english and can't always like understand and process what's going on in the assignment because, you know, they're they're fluent english, but you know, they didn't do well in school themselves and
so
yeah, it's it's sad there if somebody comes up with an answer, they'll they'll get the Nobel prize for sure, but it's, I think it's just gotten to be such a big problem over the years that it's going to take something major to figure it out and solve it.
Yeah, yeah, so we have statewide what they call open enrollment, where you can apply to any district, um but you are required to transport your student there, so like you can't get us or transportation school bus if you send your child to school outside of your neighborhood. Um But yeah, I mean that's created a lot of problems to um when I was doing my student teaching, there was a neighborhood that was like right in the early stages of kind of being gentrified, it had been traditionally an african american neighborhood um and they started pumping a lot of money
into this kind of like commercial core in the neighborhood, and a lot of people with money started moving in. Um But they didn't send their kids from the neighborhood school. So what you had was what they referred to at the school as the brain drain. Where like the only kids that were left were from families who either didn't know that they could get their child out of that situation, didn't care that they could get their child out of that situation or didn't know how to get there chop out of that situation. So you know the neighborhood all around is like thriving and growing, but the school system is still just flat because it's not getting the resources that that the other schools are.
you
said that that
segregation kind of lessens the farther
along you get.
Right. But I mean from a community standpoint like was that did that like
social segregation continued through like middle school and high school or was there more being of?
Were
you born
and raised in ANn Arbor
ann
Yeah. I've got I've not been out to
to, I've been to Chicago, I have a cousin and aunt that lived in Chicago, but other than that I haven't gotten out to the midwest. Really?
What is uh what do you do in ann arbor for
fun?
That's how you
know, it's good when you've been around that long and you still have a line.
Yeah. So University of michigan in ANn arbor? Right, okay. Um
And I've got to imagine that's like a whole city in and of itself. Yeah,
because I've been up to a Seattle and University of Washington is the same way it's like
in Seattle but it's the whole another city just
looking
for.
Yeah. Yeah. Portland's fate is in downtown proper. Um But it's a it's a pretty small school and it's a commuter school. Um There there is some student housing but the
majority of people are are commuter students. Yeah, so there are a lot of lakes in michigan.
We flew
into
Minnesota
once um when I was going back
east and I just remember like seeing all the lakes from up in the airplane and it was amazing. Uh huh. I live
probably an hour from Mount Hood which is the tallest mountain in Oregon and there's a lot of lakes up on Mount Hood. We were just up at one monday. Um and I got an inflatable
kayak last summer so
I took that out with the kids and the little swimming, little fishing and um, yeah, I love getting out and being on the water. Um, I used to hike a lot more before we have the kids. Uh, but in the, we're also about an hour away from the Columbia Gorge, which is where the Columbia River runs.
Um, and divides Oregon and Washington on the
north side of Oregon there. Um, and there's like beautiful scenery. Um, but a lot of the hikes are
really steep and there's
like loose rock and severe drop offs and I couldn't get my wife to let me take the kids up there. Yeah.
Yeah. So or were you planning on going to University of Michigan or what, where
were you going to go to school?
And
Are you still living at home saving money? Good.
There's always
that
big
like, I'm sorry Wyatt.
Yeah, there's always that big push to like spread your wings and
get
your freedom, but just cost so much money.
Are you an only child? Do you have siblings?
did she go for exchanger?
Did you guys go visit her at all when she was over there?
Yeah. Yeah. Have you been to europe before?
I have. So
my
yes, My my 21st birthday
was September 11, and we were we were supposed to be going, my dad was working for a company um that had offices in Dresden Germany and we were supposed to be, he had a meeting or conference or something over there and we were all supposed to fly Into um London on 12 September. And my sister woke me up on my birthday and
she was like, I don't think we're going to London tomorrow. And I was like, what? Because yeah, a plane flew into the World Trade Center and I was like, well what does that have to do with us going to London?
She was like, well just get up and watch the news. So I got up and watch
the news and it was like, yeah, we're not going to London tomorrow. Um, and I just, I've never been back or never been never. The, the trip obviously got canceled and then my dad lost his job as part of the economic fallout. And it was just not meant to be. So there's enough fun places around here to explore that
are a little
bit
deeper. So yeah. So you want to do, you said you want to do like environmental work? Do you want to do like environmental policy or?
We've got a nuclear power plant about 45 minutes north of Portland. That has been, it's not in use anymore. But it's not like, I don't think it's been fully decommissioned. Like they're
talking about underground like leaks in the underground storage tanks and all that fun stuff.
It
yeah, it'll take care of itself. So did you guys plan on a well? Like did you guys have a well
for
water?
But then they made everyone switch over to the city. Water? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not a joe biden picture up there.
What?
Ask
them.
Was everyone else in your class jealous that you got a response?
But it's the next best thing
and
he
might be president now. So like the high school reunion. you can take it and be like, I knew I made the right call.
When I was in like
second grade, third grade, we used to do this thing that it's just so environmentally horrible looking back of it now. But the school, everyone in the school would get a helium balloon and we would write a note and tie it to the balloon and let them off in the soccer field. And there were like instructions to, if you found the balloon, like how to write a letter and send it back to the kids. Um And it was just like horrible, like you'd get one person in the class that would get one returned. Um But one year, I think it was my third grade year, a bunch of my friends and I decided to tie ours together because we're like, well that will have a better chance of surviving and going farther. And they actually made it like 45 miles south of Portland. And we got the three of us got our cards returned. Um And some guy was like out hunting on his property and found the balloons and yeah and that was like my everyone in the class was so jealous that we got our cards returned. But. Mhm. Yeah.
All right, well you have anything planned for today?
Back.
We got
to
I gotta suvit machine, you know what that is? I serve it up a bunch of chicken the other day just like trying different marinades
and um Yeah, it turns out so tender and yeah, I love it. We're going to my grandparents have beach house um on the Oregon coast and we're gonna go down there tomorrow. So we're getting all packed up today and
get the car packed up and we're going to be down there for a week. So
I saw a change of scenery.
Our house got really small really quick. Yeah. I like april it was like all right. He's got to give. But what was nice talking with you?
Good luck with your future endeavors.
Yeah. Maybe. I'll see you out cleaning up. Hanford are our nuclear site. Turning it into a
recognition of the base. Yeah. It is right on the river. All right. I think we just go back to the uh the original survey team.
All right. Have a good day. Nice talking with you,