SPEAKER_L: mhm, wow, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Can you hear me? My lighting? I'm trying to why? Thanks we'll open them lines up a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: that's fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mhm mm
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Whiting Still
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: dark here But
SPEAKER_L: Oh, the world dark here. So it's running out here now.
SPEAKER_R: where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Cincinnati
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'm in new
SPEAKER_L: run.
SPEAKER_R: york new york Brooklyn
SPEAKER_L: huh. We're part of new york.
SPEAKER_R: Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_L: Uh My sister used to live there. Yeah, for a couple of years I'm from New Jersey originally. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What made you move out to Cincinnati?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing a grad um program here. Yeah, It's kind of a random place to live. I am
SPEAKER_R: Quick.
SPEAKER_L: like family that's in Ohio. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's good. So you're in school? That's good. Is it raining there? Is it the sun coming out?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it's supposed to rain today. It's over past right now raised error. Yeah, I think the weather is normally, I think pretty similar. Uh
SPEAKER_R: you know you're not far from new york.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's my family,
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: I really talk to my family, it's basically the same and they live like 45 minutes outside of the city.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Um
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was raining this morning so they say cloudy storms but we have to watch the hurricane that's coming up the east coast.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that there was a hurricane. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's a hard it turns into a hurricane and it's gonna hit I guess some of the caribbean and then it's going to florida and then come up the east coast this week.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Uh I should, I gotta pay words. I'm sure not a lot. I guess that's the nice thing about being in. Ohio is that there's no risk of like that anymore because
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm so far away from the ocean Because my family lives. Um I guess like I'm trying to think maybe like five miles from the beach. So like when sandy happened it didn't really like, I mean it wasn't like the house was fine but it was still like a lot of the trees and Electricity was out for like two weeks and all that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we had some what what a damage. We lost the car during Sandy our car flooded but the house was fine. We stayed with power in half of the house the whole time. Just half the house didn't have power so we were able to maneuver and work it and within a couple of days are Powell was restored. But yeah, so hopefully it's nothing like that this time it's stuck to lose a car. Yeah. So what's your major?
SPEAKER_L: Um I do like computational biology staff. Yeah. So it's like um uh like genetics related with like when they like do DNA sequences and then um like finding like the genetic I'm not abnormality
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: you have and I
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: mean like there's other things that people do with this major but that's specifically what I've been doing. It is it is interesting. It's like it's like a fun um I like computers and I don't really like actually being in the lab so it's like I can do the biology without actually having to do like the physical stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so so where are you looking to work once you finish school? Like what what kind of like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: at a hostel hospital? In a lab And a
SPEAKER_L: yeah no I really have no idea. Um Maybe like some type of biotech company or pharmaceutical company or I don't know, I don't I don't want to be like a professor or anything like that, I don't I don't want to teach. Um But yeah I don't really know what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Right now I'm just to stay at home parent. I have an eight year old daughter. So when I became pregnant I quit my job. I worked in banking. I used to
SPEAKER_L: Business
SPEAKER_R: work for a Bank of America. So I worked in the city and commuted into the city every day and that was fun. But then I decided I wanted to stay home and raise my daughter. So that's gonna stay at home mom now. It's a lot of fun. So it's tiring.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it sounds to mary.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So, you know, now the big decision is, you know school, do we send her back to school? Don't we send her back to school? Like they're going to have a blended learning here in new york. So it's two days in school, three days remote. So, or we could keep our home remotely the whole five days. So we have a week to make that decision.
SPEAKER_L: okay. What are you thinking you're gonna do?
SPEAKER_R: I think we're going to keep her home. They're like, today we found out that if one student in the school has coronavirus, then they're just going to take those kids from, that class will stay, will stay home. But the school will be open. But if it's two or more then they closed the school for two weeks. So it's I think just for consistency I think just to keep her home, so
SPEAKER_L: It sounds like that to me, to my dad's a teacher and like I don't know. I don't think it's gonna go too well with his tool either because they're trying to do I think every day or plots.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. You're dead in New Jersey.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I mean like New Jersey is like, like okay, I guess
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: with cases, I guess the same as new york, you know, like after the initial right?
SPEAKER_R: was really bored. Yeah. And then it's it's
SPEAKER_L: But like he teaches, he teaches special ed students, you know? So like they're not gonna they're not going to like socially distance or
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's gonna be hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like it's only a matter of time before someone gets it in his school, but they haven't even told him like what you just said about if they're going to close the school, if one kid gets it or two kids together, they haven't even they don't even have a policy like that yet. So he has no idea what happens if someone gets it in his class, Like he haven't told him what they're gonna do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they just announced it this morning. I heard it on the news this morning, so because we have until August 7 to make a decision when there were something back or not, so well I'm leaning towards keeping her home, it's safer, I don't have to worry. And so and what about you doing in school learning or are you going to be remote?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's going to be remote. Yeah, the university is like they're like saying it's both I had from what I can tell like my my classes are gonna be remote and most people I know their classes are remote, so I'm not really sure what the both part is. I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: think they're letting some people move into dorms if they want to move into dorms. For some reason I'm around. I am, I mean I think it could be kind of messy because I live near like the fraternity houses and I even just like now I just walk behind, there's people partying and I think there's gonna be like some big outbreaks, most likely brands.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How is it now with the cases? Are there?
SPEAKER_L: It's going up. I think, I think I saw yesterday in Ohio was the highest number of DATs or something like that, or the highest number of cases. I know Cincinnati specifically was like going up, but then I think Cincinnati started doing a little bit better, but now after Austin Ohio is going on. But I don't know, it's, you know, people are taking it like a little more seriously now, like in the beginning people weren't even wearing masks for a while. Um but then the state has mandated masks, so it's definitely better than it was. But I, you know, I mean what you would like, I feel like the news is all like talking about how it's like people might just falled and I mean like it is, I think kind of true just based on like what I can tell of like people partying and stuff. It's like people don't really care very much because yeah, I mean They were like 20 and they don't, I think they're going to die, which is probably true. But I mean, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But they can take it home to a parent or a grandparent who you can Okay, what? Very sick.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So like it's a little frustrating and may I say it, but mhm,
SPEAKER_R: because you see a lot of partying here, like on the news in the Jersey Shore and Long Island beaches. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My family says that um just when they drive past, like some of the beach areas, they're contracted with people and yeah, I think maybe it actually is going up a little bit of New Jersey now too. Yeah. So when your daughter does remote, um, so the best I like is the teacher, So are they, are they making the teachers to like, like the remote and the in person like,
SPEAKER_R: you know, they haven't really said that yet like because I guess the teachers have to decide if they're going to go back or if they're going to do remote. Um So they haven't really said like how the teachers are going to do it. So Um you know, we've been told just, you know, if they go back, they're going to have about 10-12 people in a classroom. Um if their remote, they're still going to have live learning, like, you know, at least once a day, a teacher will be on doing some live learning with life teaching because at the end of last year, from March to june we had no life teaching. So the teacher would just give assignments and she's she's in second grade right? You know she just finished second grade and it's hard because you need a teacher to show you things and you and she had no live learning. So I was her teacher so you know we had to finish math you know and I had a you know remember all the stuff that I've learned. You know they do it so different now in math that then I learned it so it was a challenge and so hopefully it will be better with at least having some live learning in september at least you know via zoom.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully. One thing, yeah. I thought the same thing when people talked about, like I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: have friends who are teachers and they talked about how they were just recording themselves, um,
SPEAKER_R: Fine. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: where I had one friend who like her district want to even let them record themselves because the teachers union was complaining about it, which I do I don't really understand, but I guess I guess the teachers, some of the teachers were worried that like the kids would um I
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: know like the kids would like messed with the videos.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That was that was a concern here. So we didn't have any like her teacher didn't do recording, she didn't do any any life teaching with them. So it was really, it was really hard, just just assignments that we have to go in different systems and do so. And then towards the end once a week she had a group meeting and they played games, they didn't do any teaching. It was, you know, let's play pictionary, oh let's play a game and let's draw a picture. Like it wasn't real learning. So it was hot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it sounds
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: but they say it will be better that there will be live like, you know, he gave us a whole list of things that we're going to have if we do remote learning. So so, but that's the way we're leaning towards.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I like sense
SPEAKER_R: So any plans for the weekend? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: now I guess I'm still trying I am trying to like it quarantine I guess and probably just go get groceries and really I'll go up park or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we'll be, we'll be home, we were able to get a swimming pool in june so we put up an above ground swimming pool. So you know, thank God because she, my daughter normally is in camp And campus open, but they only allowed 25% capacity. So I didn't feel comfortable sending her to camp with with all the kids there. So we've been, we've been home, so we've been in the cool, we've been in the backyard, we bought a basketball hoop, we bike ride with her. Um she goes on her scooter, you know, we try to keep her active and keep her patients
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah. Does she play any sports or did she find any sports before?
SPEAKER_R: well before this, she loved ninja warrior. Um when like the tv show, yeah, we took her to a facility where they have like the whole courses there. She would go every saturday morning and do it and she loved,
SPEAKER_L: that's very cool. I didn't know that they did. That depends that's super bowl.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so she loves to climb in the house, will climb walls. She, you know, she loves that so um but you know we can't do it now because it's closed. So she's been playing basketball. She likes basketball now. We have a hoop in the driveway
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: so she does that thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well that sounds nice. At least it's like a decent place to be and
SPEAKER_R: we're fortunate that even though we're you know we're in Brooklyn you know we have a house that has land so we have a backyard with a pool and things to do here so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I stayed with my family in New Jersey for a little bit during all of this. And it's like the same. You know they have like a they have above ground pool in the backyard and it was so nice. But I wasn't nice like living with my family. It was just nice or using like uh taking advantage of like their facilities. But
SPEAKER_R: All right. I
SPEAKER_L: here there was like no yard because I'm like look pretty close I guess to the center of the city. Um And it's just like super hot. Like air conditioning doesn't work very well in this house.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh that's thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's okay. I mean because all I'm doing right now is like remote research so I can leave. Like my schedule is pretty flexible. I only have like a few meetings a week. So it's not like I'm like, I can go out and walk around at least.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. How is um the Cincinnati Zoo? Have you been there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really nice. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: We were watching some videos from school um
SPEAKER_L: I don't cry
SPEAKER_R: of the Cincinnati Zoo some of the lives they would do some of the things with the animals.
SPEAKER_L: all right. Did they show the hip at home
SPEAKER_R: No I don't recall seeing the
SPEAKER_L: family
SPEAKER_R: hippo no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there's like a hello here that they're like really into, its called, its name is Fiona. And it's like a famous Thibault that they talk about. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I have to drop right out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There, I think like it was born a few years ago and it went viral because
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it was like cute I guess. I don't know. Yeah, it was actually really nice.
SPEAKER_R: I remember 11 of the, you know they had sent them on like little trips, Field trips and the Cincinnati Zoo was one place they sent them. Um I think the san Diego zoo there was an aquarium that they sent them to.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: So it was interesting like I would just watch along and see. Oh that's really cool. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that is interested in.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There's not a huge amount of stuff to do
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: shot.
SPEAKER_L: the money, the disease, like one of the better things I think.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It just reopened their zoos I think a week ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have it? Okay, that's good. I guess I guess. Yeah. They opening in New Jersey I guess like maybe a month or a little bit ago because my family went to want to keep May. Yeah, I went to the Cincinnati is there a couple weeks ago? I mean, Yeah, I think like, I mean, I don't know, it feels like mostly safe I guess because like it is outside. Um, and I guess you can like college people
SPEAKER_R: It's fucked.
SPEAKER_L: kind of because it's like bad boys are big enough. I think the problem here that was like people weren't wearing masks because people were like the mandate is only if you're inside, you don't have to do what if you're outside girl made me a little paranoid. But I also went like, um, I don't know like, I think I went on a Tuesday afternoon so it's not like there's a huge amount of people there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We haven't gone. I don't think we'll go to the zoo. Too many people here. We've been watching baseball. We're glad baseball is back. Are you you like baseball or
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: softball?
SPEAKER_L: don't, I mean I don't watch it, but I've heard that it's back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So the mets we pour met fans. So we've been watching the mets so but the florida team has a lot of people that are sick with coronavirus now, Like like 14 people. So their games are suspended for a few days wow.
SPEAKER_L: It's a shortened season arrives.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah only 60 games. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess it's nice. That sort of stuff is bad. I know like soccer is back.
SPEAKER_R: best basketball starts today so at least it's something on tv
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm
SPEAKER_R: if you like
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I I love like tv on in the background so I'm really worried about you know when the lack of filming in Hollywood is going to catch up to the networks, your you know what I mean? Like I feel like it maybe in the spring there's going to be
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: like a lot of tv shows I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Well they started production here in new york again
SPEAKER_L: Oh they did. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I think about two weeks ago. They started that. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So I guess yeah, that would be some tv shows that film in new york. Do you think I watching, I watched like younger this new york I think. Yeah, I know. I don't think California they started again or they may be they started
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: then they shut it down already.
SPEAKER_R: yeah because it's bad out there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it is. My sister lives in California and she works in a nursing home and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: been like yes she's been okay so far. But her her roommates her roommate also works in a nursing home and her roommates nursing home has cases. So now there's like the fear that like her roommate will get it and spread it to her and then she will spread it to her nursing home. You know what I mean? Like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's scary.
SPEAKER_L: it's not a great situation.
SPEAKER_R: That's scary.
SPEAKER_L: Yes but they do make them get tests I guess. I've read a couple of weeks or something. I don't know how much that really helps but I guess it helps a little bit
SPEAKER_R: I've had a couple of friends that have had it so
SPEAKER_L: Are they all time
SPEAKER_R: yeah they're they're okay now. Yeah but
SPEAKER_L: hair?
SPEAKER_R: you know the cough cough less for a while but they were okay. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Not only personally. No I have my parents know people but I don't really know anyone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you know you know someone that died from it so it's you know it's terrible. It's really at the beginning it's well it's scary.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah I was really paranoid about it. Well I mean I'm still paranoid about it but it's probably at the beginning I was like I mean because you didn't really but nobody really knew exactly like what was happening and how bad it was gonna be. I mean it's pretty bad. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and now they don't know a lot about it it seems.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I actually signed up to be in one of the vaccine trials. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess it's good. I mean fun. I'm not really I'm not like nervous about vaccines so how long? I guess I'll probably do that. I need to go to like the screening still to make sure I'm like eligible for it.
SPEAKER_R: mm I guess they pay you to do that or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not a huge amount of money. I'm doing it more. I mean like the money helps so because it's not
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: like I get paid like much money to be abroad student. So
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it is really helpful but I guess I'm doing it more just because I feel like I don't know, I feel like it's a way of helping a little bit and it's yeah, I don't know. I mean it's phase three so they've already tested that it should be like safe. It's just more like they're testing to see um, if there's an antibody response to it to make sure it actually like words. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. What happened? I think it's been, I don't know. It has been 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: it's 9 26 09 27 now. Right
SPEAKER_L: Well, santa organ christmas talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: I am here have a great day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you shall.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you bye.