Hello? Can you hear me? My lighting? I'm trying to why? Thanks we'll open them lines up a little bit.
mhm mm
Mhm
Whiting Still
dark here But
where are you?
Okay I'm in new
york new york Brooklyn
Brooklyn.
What made you move out to Cincinnati?
Quick.
Oh that's good. So you're in school? That's good. Is it raining there? Is it the sun coming out?
you know you're not far from new york.
Good
thank you. Um
mm
Yeah it was raining this morning so they say cloudy storms but we have to watch the hurricane that's coming up the east coast.
that's a hard it turns into a hurricane and it's gonna hit I guess some of the caribbean and then it's going to florida and then come up the east coast this week.
What?
Yeah we had some what what a damage. We lost the car during Sandy our car flooded but the house was fine. We stayed with power in half of the house the whole time. Just half the house didn't have power so we were able to maneuver and work it and within a couple of days are Powell was restored. But yeah, so hopefully it's nothing like that this time it's stuck to lose a car. Yeah. So what's your major?
That's
interesting.
Well.
so so where are you looking to work once you finish school? Like what what kind of like
at a hostel hospital? In a lab And a
Right now I'm just to stay at home parent. I have an eight year old daughter. So when I became pregnant I quit my job. I worked in banking. I used to
work for a Bank of America. So I worked in the city and commuted into the city every day and that was fun. But then I decided I wanted to stay home and raise my daughter. So that's gonna stay at home mom now. It's a lot of fun. So it's tiring.
Mhm. So, you know, now the big decision is, you know school, do we send her back to school? Don't we send her back to school? Like they're going to have a blended learning here in new york. So it's two days in school, three days remote. So, or we could keep our home remotely the whole five days. So we have a week to make that decision.
I think we're going to keep her home. They're like, today we found out that if one student in the school has coronavirus, then they're just going to take those kids from, that class will stay, will stay home. But the school will be open. But if it's two or more then they closed the school for two weeks. So it's I think just for consistency I think just to keep her home, so
Mhm. You're dead in New Jersey.
What?
was really bored. Yeah. And then it's it's
yeah, it's gonna be hard.
they just announced it this morning. I heard it on the news this morning, so because we have until August 7 to make a decision when there were something back or not, so well I'm leaning towards keeping her home, it's safer, I don't have to worry. And so and what about you doing in school learning or are you going to be remote?
What?
Yeah. How is it now with the cases? Are there?
But they can take it home to a parent or a grandparent who you can Okay, what? Very sick.
because you see a lot of partying here, like on the news in the Jersey Shore and Long Island beaches. So
you know, they haven't really said that yet like because I guess the teachers have to decide if they're going to go back or if they're going to do remote. Um So they haven't really said like how the teachers are going to do it. So Um you know, we've been told just, you know, if they go back, they're going to have about 10-12 people in a classroom. Um if their remote, they're still going to have live learning, like, you know, at least once a day, a teacher will be on doing some live learning with life teaching because at the end of last year, from March to june we had no life teaching. So the teacher would just give assignments and she's she's in second grade right? You know she just finished second grade and it's hard because you need a teacher to show you things and you and she had no live learning. So I was her teacher so you know we had to finish math you know and I had a you know remember all the stuff that I've learned. You know they do it so different now in math that then I learned it so it was a challenge and so hopefully it will be better with at least having some live learning in september at least you know via zoom.
What?
Fine. Okay.
are
you?
Right. That was that was a concern here. So we didn't have any like her teacher didn't do recording, she didn't do any any life teaching with them. So it was really, it was really hard, just just assignments that we have to go in different systems and do so. And then towards the end once a week she had a group meeting and they played games, they didn't do any teaching. It was, you know, let's play pictionary, oh let's play a game and let's draw a picture. Like it wasn't real learning. So it was hot.
So,
but they say it will be better that there will be live like, you know, he gave us a whole list of things that we're going to have if we do remote learning. So so, but that's the way we're leaning towards.
So any plans for the weekend? Oh.
we'll be, we'll be home, we were able to get a swimming pool in june so we put up an above ground swimming pool. So you know, thank God because she, my daughter normally is in camp And campus open, but they only allowed 25% capacity. So I didn't feel comfortable sending her to camp with with all the kids there. So we've been, we've been home, so we've been in the cool, we've been in the backyard, we bought a basketball hoop, we bike ride with her. Um she goes on her scooter, you know, we try to keep her active and keep her patients
well before this, she loved ninja warrior. Um when like the tv show, yeah, we took her to a facility where they have like the whole courses there. She would go every saturday morning and do it and she loved,
yeah, so she loves to climb in the house, will climb walls. She, you know, she loves that so um but you know we can't do it now because it's closed. So she's been playing basketball. She likes basketball now. We have a hoop in the driveway
so she does that thanks.
we're fortunate that even though we're you know we're in Brooklyn you know we have a house that has land so we have a backyard with a pool and things to do here so.
All right. I
Mhm. Oh that's thanks.
Well that's good. How is um the Cincinnati Zoo? Have you been there?
We were watching some videos from school um
of the Cincinnati Zoo some of the lives they would do some of the things with the animals.
No I don't recall seeing the
hippo no. Yeah.
I have to drop right out.
Well
I remember 11 of the, you know they had sent them on like little trips, Field trips and the Cincinnati Zoo was one place they sent them. Um I think the san Diego zoo there was an aquarium that they sent them to.
So it was interesting like I would just watch along and see. Oh that's really cool. So
so yeah. Okay
Get
shot.
Okay. It just reopened their zoos I think a week ago. Yeah.
It's fucked.
Yeah. We haven't gone. I don't think we'll go to the zoo. Too many people here. We've been watching baseball. We're glad baseball is back. Are you you like baseball or
softball?
Yeah. So the mets we pour met fans. So we've been watching the mets so but the florida team has a lot of people that are sick with coronavirus now, Like like 14 people. So their games are suspended for a few days wow.
Yeah only 60 games. Yeah. Yes.
Yeah
best basketball starts today so at least it's something on tv
if you like
what?
of.
Well they started production here in new york again
I think about two weeks ago. They started that. Yeah. Yes.
now
yeah because it's bad out there.
that's
rough.
Yeah it's scary.
That's scary.
I've had a couple of friends that have had it so
yeah they're they're okay now. Yeah but
you know the cough cough less for a while but they were okay. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah you know you know someone that died from it so it's you know it's terrible. It's really at the beginning it's well it's scary.
and now they don't know a lot about it it seems.
Oh yeah that's good.
mm I guess they pay you to do that or
no.
All
that's interesting.
it's 9 26 09 27 now. Right
I am here have a great day.
Thank you bye.