mhm, wow, mm hmm.
that's fine. Yeah.
What? Yeah, wow.
Yeah.
What?
Oh, the world dark here. So it's running out here now.
I'm in Cincinnati
run.
huh. We're part of new york.
Uh My sister used to live there. Yeah, for a couple of years I'm from New Jersey originally. Yeah,
I'm doing a grad um program here. Yeah, It's kind of a random place to live. I am
like family that's in Ohio. So
Um I think it's supposed to rain today. It's over past right now raised error. Yeah, I think the weather is normally, I think pretty similar. Uh
Yeah. And it's my family,
I really talk to my family, it's basically the same and they live like 45 minutes outside of the city.
All right.
What? Yeah.
I didn't know that there was a hurricane. Yeah.
Yes. Uh I should, I gotta pay words. I'm sure not a lot. I guess that's the nice thing about being in. Ohio is that there's no risk of like that anymore because
I'm so far away from the ocean Because my family lives. Um I guess like I'm trying to think maybe like five miles from the beach. So like when sandy happened it didn't really like, I mean it wasn't like the house was fine but it was still like a lot of the trees and Electricity was out for like two weeks and all that.
Um I do like computational biology staff. Yeah. So it's like um uh like genetics related with like when they like do DNA sequences and then um like finding like the genetic I'm not abnormality
now
you have and I
mean like there's other things that people do with this major but that's specifically what I've been doing. It is it is interesting. It's like it's like a fun um I like computers and I don't really like actually being in the lab so it's like I can do the biology without actually having to do like the physical stuff. Yeah.
And
yeah no I really have no idea. Um Maybe like some type of biotech company or pharmaceutical company or I don't know, I don't I don't want to be like a professor or anything like that, I don't I don't want to teach. Um But yeah I don't really know what do you do?
Business
Yeah it sounds to mary.
okay. What are you thinking you're gonna do?
It sounds like that to me, to my dad's a teacher and like I don't know. I don't think it's gonna go too well with his tool either because they're trying to do I think every day or plots.
Yeah. And I mean like New Jersey is like, like okay, I guess
with cases, I guess the same as new york, you know, like after the initial right?
But like he teaches, he teaches special ed students, you know? So like they're not gonna they're not going to like socially distance or
Yeah. I feel like it's only a matter of time before someone gets it in his school, but they haven't even told him like what you just said about if they're going to close the school, if one kid gets it or two kids together, they haven't even they don't even have a policy like that yet. So he has no idea what happens if someone gets it in his class, Like he haven't told him what they're gonna do. Yeah.
I think it's going to be remote. Yeah, the university is like they're like saying it's both I had from what I can tell like my my classes are gonna be remote and most people I know their classes are remote, so I'm not really sure what the both part is. I
think they're letting some people move into dorms if they want to move into dorms. For some reason I'm around. I am, I mean I think it could be kind of messy because I live near like the fraternity houses and I even just like now I just walk behind, there's people partying and I think there's gonna be like some big outbreaks, most likely brands.
It's going up. I think, I think I saw yesterday in Ohio was the highest number of DATs or something like that, or the highest number of cases. I know Cincinnati specifically was like going up, but then I think Cincinnati started doing a little bit better, but now after Austin Ohio is going on. But I don't know, it's, you know, people are taking it like a little more seriously now, like in the beginning people weren't even wearing masks for a while. Um but then the state has mandated masks, so it's definitely better than it was. But I, you know, I mean what you would like, I feel like the news is all like talking about how it's like people might just falled and I mean like it is, I think kind of true just based on like what I can tell of like people partying and stuff. It's like people don't really care very much because yeah, I mean They were like 20 and they don't, I think they're going to die, which is probably true. But I mean, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So like it's a little frustrating and may I say it, but mhm,
Yeah. My family says that um just when they drive past, like some of the beach areas, they're contracted with people and yeah, I think maybe it actually is going up a little bit of New Jersey now too. Yeah. So when your daughter does remote, um, so the best I like is the teacher, So are they, are they making the teachers to like, like the remote and the in person like,
Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully. One thing, yeah. I thought the same thing when people talked about, like I
have friends who are teachers and they talked about how they were just recording themselves, um,
where I had one friend who like her district want to even let them record themselves because the teachers union was complaining about it, which I do I don't really understand, but I guess I guess the teachers, some of the teachers were worried that like the kids would um I
don't
know like the kids would like messed with the videos.
Yeah it sounds
well.
Yeah. Yeah, I like sense
now I guess I'm still trying I am trying to like it quarantine I guess and probably just go get groceries and really I'll go up park or something. Yeah.
Good. Yeah. Does she play any sports or did she find any sports before?
that's very cool. I didn't know that they did. That depends that's super bowl.
No.
Yeah, well that sounds nice. At least it's like a decent place to be and
Yeah I stayed with my family in New Jersey for a little bit during all of this. And it's like the same. You know they have like a they have above ground pool in the backyard and it was so nice. But I wasn't nice like living with my family. It was just nice or using like uh taking advantage of like their facilities. But
here there was like no yard because I'm like look pretty close I guess to the center of the city. Um And it's just like super hot. Like air conditioning doesn't work very well in this house.
Yeah, but it's okay. I mean because all I'm doing right now is like remote research so I can leave. Like my schedule is pretty flexible. I only have like a few meetings a week. So it's not like I'm like, I can go out and walk around at least.
Yeah, it's really nice. Yeah,
I don't cry
all right. Did they show the hip at home
family
there's like a hello here that they're like really into, its called, its name is Fiona. And it's like a famous Thibault that they talk about. Uh huh.
Yeah. There, I think like it was born a few years ago and it went viral because
it was like cute I guess. I don't know. Yeah, it was actually really nice.
it's
yeah, that is interested in.
Yeah. There's not a huge amount of stuff to do
with
the money, the disease, like one of the better things I think.
Have it? Okay, that's good. I guess I guess. Yeah. They opening in New Jersey I guess like maybe a month or a little bit ago because my family went to want to keep May. Yeah, I went to the Cincinnati is there a couple weeks ago? I mean, Yeah, I think like, I mean, I don't know, it feels like mostly safe I guess because like it is outside. Um, and I guess you can like college people
kind of because it's like bad boys are big enough. I think the problem here that was like people weren't wearing masks because people were like the mandate is only if you're inside, you don't have to do what if you're outside girl made me a little paranoid. But I also went like, um, I don't know like, I think I went on a Tuesday afternoon so it's not like there's a huge amount of people there. Yeah.
I
don't, I mean I don't watch it, but I've heard that it's back.
It's a shortened season arrives.
Yeah.
Yeah. I guess it's nice. That sort of stuff is bad. I know like soccer is back.
Yeah. I'm
like
yeah I I love like tv on in the background so I'm really worried about you know when the lack of filming in Hollywood is going to catch up to the networks, your you know what I mean? Like I feel like it maybe in the spring there's going to be
like a lot of tv shows I don't know.
Oh they did. Okay.
yeah. So I guess yeah, that would be some tv shows that film in new york. Do you think I watching, I watched like younger this new york I think. Yeah, I know. I don't think California they started again or they may be they started
then they shut it down already.
Yeah. Yeah it is. My sister lives in California and she works in a nursing home and
she's
been like yes she's been okay so far. But her her roommates her roommate also works in a nursing home and her roommates nursing home has cases. So now there's like the fear that like her roommate will get it and spread it to her and then she will spread it to her nursing home. You know what I mean? Like
it's not a great situation.
Yes but they do make them get tests I guess. I've read a couple of weeks or something. I don't know how much that really helps but I guess it helps a little bit
Are they all time
hair?
Not only personally. No I have my parents know people but I don't really know anyone.
Yes. Yeah I was really paranoid about it. Well I mean I'm still paranoid about it but it's probably at the beginning I was like I mean because you didn't really but nobody really knew exactly like what was happening and how bad it was gonna be. I mean it's pretty bad. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I actually signed up to be in one of the vaccine trials. So
Yeah, I guess it's good. I mean fun. I'm not really I'm not like nervous about vaccines so how long? I guess I'll probably do that. I need to go to like the screening still to make sure I'm like eligible for it.
Yeah, it's not a huge amount of money. I'm doing it more. I mean like the money helps so because it's not
like I get paid like much money to be abroad student. So
it is really helpful but I guess I'm doing it more just because I feel like I don't know, I feel like it's a way of helping a little bit and it's yeah, I don't know. I mean it's phase three so they've already tested that it should be like safe. It's just more like they're testing to see um, if there's an antibody response to it to make sure it actually like words. Yeah.
Mm. What happened? I think it's been, I don't know. It has been 25 minutes.
Well, santa organ christmas talking to you.
Yeah, you shall.