Hello.
It's going pretty well, how are you?
Oh nice to meet you paul. Uh You can call me cloud.
I didn't as well you know
one of my up to this weekend aside from studying and um one of my mom's best friends coming over tomorrow. Nothing much. Yeah
and spending time with my boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm studying human resources development, I didn't drink yeah. Undergrad.
I right now I'm still taking uh like the prerequisites
and I'm just now taking a specialized class this semester.
How about you? Are you in college?
this makes,
the.
wow. Okay. I see.
What part of the country And are we both in the US?
Okay. I'm in the south part
of the Yeah.
Oh I see, wow.
Yeah. Have you been affected by
brain.
Um I forgot to ask you like what how are you doing and what are you doing this weekend?
They need
growing
things well. fan. Yeah.
crooning
wow.
Is that be on your hat stands for baseball
budget?
That's cool.
but all right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Do what makes you feel comfortable?
Good.
Yeah. Kind of. Is this your first like you signed up for it and then Oh did
previous
partners?
Studies like this or like
with
other rounds?
Um I don't know if last time counts. That was about two days ago. That's
when my first scheduled like attempt at this was and the person just never showed up. That
was unfortunate.
But yeah,
I'm glad that you're here though.
Who?
Yeah
I see.
Good move.
You
oh you can enjoy it together though. Like a family thing
commotion.
I
see.
that's
lovely. Yeah.
Uh huh.
I'm a sophomore.
That was um I was try harding at all of my classes. Uh mm. How would I describe my first year? I really enjoyed it actually. Yeah um This past semester I took both political science classes at once and it was really cool with like
the
same teacher. It was a bit stressful but it was also really cool learning about how the U. S. Works and. Yeah.
there were there were questions taken for attendance using top at like in class. And then we would have exams and then we had like a short assignment. Uh
No not on campus unfortunately I almost did but uh it's really expensive because you'd have to buy the meal plan rent. The. Yeah so.
I see.
What?
Yes completely virtual. It's um it's interesting. Yeah.
Um Just the last third of the semester. Yeah. Was yeah we were all told to stay home
Oh I see. Um last semester um for about like half a year now I'm with this club that is like we volunteer at elementary schools and we teach the kids there robotics
and we got them through. Yeah.
Mm They it's interesting. Uh They do. Yeah.
Okay.
build it. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Um like we'll give them like an objective like to make um like there would be like the main part of the robot and then you would connect and build using like the pieces
to complete like an objective and after like programming it, then test run it and make any adjustments kind of
thing.
Yeah. Competitions. No, I am not a part of that.
Well that would be
intense.
we're just
Is that school family? I believe there's a show like
that actually.
Yeah. Yeah Battlebots. Yeah, I like your straw very
environment
aware.
What?
I see. Did
you make the ice coffee?
Oh how did you, could you tell me how you made it?
that's good. Yeah.
Mhm
Well
I definitely do try to get my work done ahead of time. But I found with like since staying home like the way it would work the previous year was I would study basically the entire time I was on campus or in the library and come home and just relax and do whatever. So it's been hard to like shift into like a mindset of like you need to do things and like being on the laptop all the time and having youtube right there,
just
like, yeah,
the whole,
right, we're keeping them separate. Yeah.
Yeah, I see.
What's the best thing that's happened to me in this horrible year? Uh huh I would say my boyfriend. Yeah.
Yeah. Very recently. It's been about two ish months.
Well,
it wasn't in person, but yeah.
um it was their a game actually.
League of Legends. Ir
I know, how crazy is that?
the live
like
I see. No, I actually got into league during quarantine. It was, I think three or four months ago and yeah, I just, I just thought I would try it out and I thought it was pretty fun and Yeah.
see.
They're
so cool. Yeah.
my
gosh. You know the physicians? Yeah.
Okay. Oh really? How simple.
we will do. Yeah. I think the important things to just like stay positive. Not take things personally. Like if somebody messes up or if they like try to call you out on it, just like focus on improving like your own gameplay and
cultivate.
I don't think riot pays for weddings but
that's a very funny idea.
no no no no no we wouldn't want to go viral. I like your thinking though. It's very adventurous. Yeah.
Um I'll like play, let me think. Um do I play any other games? I feel like I do but I'm just not remembering them right now. Oh overcooked. Overcooked and overcooked too.
It's like this game where it's a multiplayer game and you're just scrambling around and like trying to get dishes out in time kind of thing. Yeah. Otherwise you face do well that's like the premise of the game.
But
yeah, it is
and
oh no, no, no, it would just be like a two player, it's a two player game and yeah, you just work together and you try to get three stars ideally
earth,
but it's important to have fun to most of all. Yeah.
No.
Oh, that's awesome. I hope you have fun playing it when you get
it.
Yeah,
you don't have to, yeah, you can also split, yes, in person, you can split keyboard and you can play with somebody that's like, that's like not physically with you, but
there's
lag which makes things interesting. Yeah.
No.
Oh my gosh! Uh last few years I think it was a road trip to Oklahoma.
eternal.
We went to a national park but I forgot the name. But yeah, it was really nice hiking and everything. Yeah
I do.
I love the outdoors. What about what about you?
my gosh.
my gosh.
What
dr pets? No, unfortunately I don't. Yeah.
my gosh. You have a cat? What kind of cat?
my gosh,
that's
so cute, it's a black cat, I love black cats.
Some.
Oh
I see.
that's adorable. All did you?
on
my mom mm hmm wow, that's cool.
That's so refreshing to like meet someone that's like more of like a cat person or or that has a cat
like a hook.
I
Yeah, I think it could be that cat scratch and stuff and sometimes they like their own alone space, whereas dogs will be very friendly and
they'll make you feel. Yeah,
I
hope.
You see
my
small,
Mhm.
Oh, it updates. There's like a line.
Did you used to play baseball?
Is that home?
Yeah. Do what makes you happy? Yeah.
Yeah. Um I think people can go to restaurants, but they have to have masks on. Yeah, that's about it. And there have been like thermometer, like machines that like measure your temperature. Yeah, like at the entrance or like inside at the entrance. Yeah.
Um for one of the restaurants that I was, I've only been to one since the thing Hurted. Yeah.
No
travel because the school year would be coming up, so
I would really hope so. Yeah.
could I ask you a question
if you were to tie baseball into like how into like a life philosophy, like saying, what would it be like for you personally? Okay.
Rooney.
wow, that was inspirational. I'm gonna try to write the, write that down.
It was really nice meeting you paul
can and have a good life
and thank you so much for like going off about baseball. That was lovely to hear.
All right, take care.