No. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Everybody. Mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, how's it going?
I'm doing well. Thank you. My name is paul.
Hi. Okay, great to meet you. So I just started timer real quick just to make sure that what?
What are you up to this weekend?
hanging out.
Are you, are you so you're, what are you studying in school? Yeah.
are you enjoying the program?
All right on.
So you're starting to get more into like your upper division major stuff? Like a little bit. That's great.
No, I'm not in college. I worked for a software development company. I do product management. I did go to college, but that was a while, a while back. So I studied
business in school. And um, I remember the first two years definitely being the most challenging as far as like the Wieder classes and everything just kind of
surviving through that. But it was a lot better once I got the upper division stuff I really, you know once you get more focused on the major specific stuff, it's pretty cool.
Yeah. Um So what part of the country are you in?
I am
all
I'm in California. So in the,
it's been uh it's been crazy here because there's been so many fires going on, like a lot of wildfires, so it's been pretty gnarly,
not not directly. Um The closest ones like 100 miles away, the biggest thing that we've been dealing with is just like a lot of smoke. Um It's been poring over and the air quality has been really, really bad, so it's definitely not like what other people are dealing with, who've lost homes and some people have lost their lives, it's been pretty
pretty serious. But yeah, it's weird, it seems like this is kind of an annual event now in California where we get these crazy wildfires kind of towards the end of summer and it's it's brutal, it's just brutal. Yeah. No.
I'm doing well, thank you. Right actually I was watching the playoff baseball game and I scheduled this like the worst, I don't know why I put my available uh because like I was like oh I was super into it and then uh remainder add this to pop up and so hopefully they're able to hold things down while I'm. Yeah,
one
more.
Uh It's a pretty good game, so I mean there was a good chance actually that the team I cared about wasn't going to even be playing today because they
were down, but they won last night, so then they got to play again today. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh
That's
a good guess. Now. It stands for Brooklyn, which was I'm a dodger fan and originally the Dodgers were in Brooklyn before they moved out to L. A. So it's just like an old like oh this is what the hat used to look like, The original sort of deal. Yeah
exactly. The jihad, it's also the hat that's like uh my hair looks ridiculous so I'm putting a hat on for
Yes, it's all
it's all getting recorded and who knows who's watching this. It's it's pretty interesting experiments that I guess in terms of like just having conversations with strangers and no idea it's going to be or I don't know, it's pretty awkward I guess. But
I
didn't
I did one before and she was cool. The first time I did one the person was, I don't know what their deal was, but they like quit after like two minutes and it was really frustrating because I booked out the time and then I paid you get paid like a buck or something if the other person, if you don't finish it. So it was, it was kind of a bummer. Have you done others of these or?
Yeah. Look at this
time.
This other rounds of this study?
No.
that's
one more.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, it's such good money for just like having a conversation. It's pretty hard
to say no and they let you do it like six times or something, so that's pretty wild. Oh god. Friends
texting me like, like this just happened in the game and it's like, oh
it's frustrating. But
the one nice thing is, my my wife and kids are actually not here this weekend. Um I have like, well, I mean, yes, it's very sad, but it's also
I can enjoy the sports and not have yelling and
yeah, no, it doesn't work out quite that way. There's a lot of
focus. They're, yeah, they're younger and my kids are younger and my wife is not necessarily a big baseball fan. So it's this
worked
out, climbing on this worked out well for everybody. I think they got a chance to go see my mother in law. So that's that's
all.
Mhm.
How long have you been? Um So are you in your are you a sophomore in college? Yeah.
Yeah. Right on that's uh how was your first, I was like your freshman year?
The
body.
Did you have to write a lot of like papers for those or was it like blue book exams or like what was were you graded in those classes? Okay.
Go on. And did you live like in dorms? Are you like I'm doing on campus housing and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah. And the meal plan. The food is not necessarily like the most wonderful food on the earth I'm guessing. I don't know. It was where I went. It was not that wonderful even though there was a lot of choices, but it was
it wasn't that good. Um
What about for this year are you having to do like for all virtual?
And then you did you have like the second part of your, are you on semesters? Did you include in, did you have like most of your second semester from your last year messed up with covid and everything?
Well, I guess at least since you weren't living on campus, there was that probably simplified things a little bit for you. I can't imagine like having to move out of the dorm in the middle of the semester and just trying to manage classes and everything. It just sounds crazy. So um what else, what else do you do at school? Are you involved with any clubs or do you do like sorority stuff or like?
That's
That's awesome. I bet. Do they love it?
I think that I would have loved having college kids come and teach me about robotics when I was in elementary school. I think that would have been the coolest thing ever. Yeah. Do
they do or is it like hands on stuff? Do they get to like uh
What do they met?
Oh that's
That's
so, so cool. Are like um so are you part of a group at your school that like those competitions or anything with robotic?
You guys aren't building like battle robots and going and fighting other robots
so we both have it,
you know stuff
like that. They used to have stuff like that where they have teams like build the craziest robot they could and they have like saws on them and all this stuff and then they would fight each other in arenas. It was crazy.
It
was it was it was definitely I don't think through college is I think it was just people that like personal like their hobby or whatever. And then it was I forget I'm like what channel it was on but it was it was called Battlebots. I think it was weird.
You don't
want.
Yes. It's uh
it's stainless steel reusable. It's very good. Um It helps me drink the iced coffee very effectively. So it's a good stroke
people
I did
just brewed coffee, poured it into it last, let it get the room temperature or put it in fridge when I'm ready, I take it out and throw ice cubes on it. I used to do like um make cold brew myself. I had like a picture and it had like a filter thing and it it let the ground steep like you're making tea but they steep for like 12 hours like overnight or something. Uh Yeah but it was it was really good, it was just like, it was a process to make it and it was so caffeinated, it would make me like crazy wired. So I've kind of moved away from from drinking too much cold brew and I just drink like regular, regular iced coffee. Yeah.
What about um
For you, how do you, do you have to do long study sessions? Are you cramming, are you staying up to like 5:00 AM or are you a very good student getting your work done ahead of time on
top of the thing?
Was
totally,
that's a really smart approach though, it's like you kind of have your workspace and then you had
relax home space.
Yeah, definitely. Working from home has been really weird in terms of like blurring those lines of having dedicated workspace versus like hey this is where I hang out with family and relax and I felt, but now it just feels like you're working or you could be working all the time basically because laptop is there and all that good stuff, emails always always going off. So
yeah. Um trying to think what else um what's like the best thing that's happened to you in this horrible year?
You guys started dating during this just very recently.
You
found a pandemic? That's awesome. That's not easy. I don't I can't imagine like even meeting people right now, it's just like,
oh right on like through an app.
What game are you like to play games?
Crazy? You
have you ever gone to any of the live things?
Like
we do like the company, like the live competitions where they have the two teams play against each other and they'll do it like the arenas.
Dude, I worked at um I work in gaming actually and the we
I worked at Disney before. The place that I currently worked out and one of our interns, this dude love leaks. So so so much that one weekend he consisted that me and another coworker go with him to go to the riots headquarters because they host like these teams like, like back throughout the day, like one on one. I mean not one on one, like five on five or whatever it is. Uh, and it was crazy how like passionate like the fans were, it reminded me of going to like an NFL game or something because like people were just going insane. These guys were getting treated like rock stars. Like people like have their favorite players
on,
they have the position. He's like, oh, he's a mid lane or he's a top lane or you just did, what are you talking
about?
no, I'm telling you like I tried, I tried it but I had such a crappy laptop and this was years ago that it just wasn't like, it just wasn't viable. But now I think I could definitely, I can definitely pull it off. But it's intimidating.
I think the player base, I think that people take it really seriously and that they don't have more for new players as fun. Like they really expect you to know like know your stuff and know your role and people just get really ticked off. I think if you're not playing.
dude
you're you're spot on, you should totally email riot. Like if you get married to this guy you should tell riot that you met Through their game. They'll pay for your wedding 100%. I guarantee it like
we'll
tell them they'll blast on social media, you guys will go viral. It'll it'll be it.
What else do you play? Any other games are like his league? Pretty much is leaked. Pretty much it.
What is overcooked? Don't even heard of that.
it's
unlike piece knee.
I have to look
that up. So you're competing against other players. Are they helping you?
That's really
great.
I'm gonna write that down because I'm
curious. Hold on.
I generally
have a good time. It's a cooking simulation game. That's funny, wow. So
do you have is it um multi player like over um Do you have to you don't have to be sitting in the same room with the other person you're playing with? Right. You can just be playing over like um online
low
levels.
It gets a lot a lot trickier. Um
That's that's crazy. So what else? Um What about like what's like the last great trip that you've taken? Have you done any fun traveling or anything like in the last, I don't know, a few years
a road trip. Nice. I like that. What did
you do with the Palme?
Do you like the outdoors and like hiking and all that kind of stuff?
Well,
Um I do like the outdoors also and where I'm at in the state, I'm lucky because there's a lot of really good hiking trails and camping options and all that kind of stuff, pretty much in every direction. So um That's pretty cool. The last good trip that I took, actually I went with my wife to Alaska like a little over a year ago and that was, we did it on a cruise, which the only thing about that was like, I feel like we're the youngest people on board because like for Alaska cruises you get a lot of like retired people. So it was all these like 85 year old people and they were sweet and everything, but it was just like a definitely an older crowd. But Alaska was pretty amazing. Like just incredible. Like seeing Bald Eagles everywhere. And we did a thing where we went on a helicopter, we took a helicopter to a glacier. And then when we got to the glacier there was a dog sled camp. Like these dogs like have their like little houses and everything
and they live with people. Yeah. And then you got to like play with the dog sled dogs for a while and then they, they hooked him up to the sleds and we got to like ride around with them on their sleds and like it
was absolutely amazing. They were so cute. There was, it was, it was like a one of a kind experience. I would highly recommend anybody that ever gets the chance to see Alaska. Go do it and go ride with sled dogs because it's the greatest thing ever. Your
path.
Have a kitty, have one club.
Um He's a touch it. I'll show you a picture. I should. The last lady a picture to. She was a catholic and his name is manny. He looks like he's wearing a tuxedo. He just got his um Halloween costume. He's a vampire holland. Find he is. Can you see serious thing is
Good morning
Escape.
he's got a white bib, you can't see it in that photo. He actually does have I'll
find another one. yeah, he does have markings. Mhm.
Like
the little white chest and everything, but from yeah, from certain angles, he looks just like a black cat. Very spooky, very appropriate for Halloween.
we adopted him a little over a year ago and he's just been like friends since like the first day here he was like all about it. Like just like never nervous, never shy, just like completely took over the house. Has
like.
Yeah. It's um uh we've always kind of been cat people I guess. Which I don't know. It seems like we like dogs. We just never have really gone that route. I like dogs but never had one.
it's it's
they feel like there's a lot of prejudice against cats. I think a lot of people
are like, especially when people are dog people that seems like they really are not about cats. Whereas I'm like, well I like cats, but I also like dogs to like, where does hatred come from? Like fine people are funny.
No.
One thing that I in fact that's what I like about cats is the fact that they sort of have that independence and they kind
of
make work forward a little bit like in terms of getting like earning their trust and their affection and I can totally understand why some people are turned off to that, but um really been a factor for me. It's I take it like a challenge, His
bowls as capitals from Japan, like he was the most spoiled cat in the world. Yeah, like
special
forward cat bulls and just like every freaking toy on the planet. And it's just um he's a very spoiled boy. Mhm.
Sorry, I'm just like, I keep looking at the squad.
my friend, my friend and my brother are both texting me about and they're like, oh did you see this? Did you see that? And I'm like no, like tell me what, describe what's happening, don't just tell me what happened or this happened like that. Um
I did
high school growing up and stuff and through high school I played baseball and I played football and um it's definitely a sport that I enjoy and I've continued enjoyed watching. Um I was actually thinking about getting into like an adult like softball league because I miss it so much even though that's like super Dorothy and um I used to like mock like I think it was ridiculous like these adults are playing softball but I don't know, it seems like I'm kind of itching to get back and play a little bit and
too much being cooped up inside too. Um Are like um with covid are the restrictions still like really heavy where you are? Like are you do you have like can you go to restaurants and stuff or is it still
like for like, so if you want to go into a restaurant you gotta get your temperature checked and then
Did you have anything like that you were planning that had to get canceled because of Covid, like any trip like I don't know, travel or any fun
of
that's really yeah, let's get at least. Yeah, it's I don't know, it's weird how people are able to adapt to so many changing situations. I mean for the most part pretty well like I don't know this was all such a crazy thing and I think like there's some people that have been silly about it and irresponsible but for the most part I think people have done a pretty good job of taking it really seriously.
Yeah, like you stuck up. I think we're at times. So
yeah, go for it.
sometimes chipping away in small chunks and taking things in little small doses can lead up to having a very big impact. You don't have to win the race all, like one big moment, like you can build blocks that will get you to the point of success that you're trying to get rather than like speeding right through and taking
a short. Um and I think of that only because the Dodgers frustrates me so much because they're always trying to get home runs, home runs, home runs, but sometimes it's just getting those small hits, getting a base hit here, getting guys on moving them, That can be an even more effective route to getting to where you want to go. And so I think of that much like life where you can sometimes to lots of little tiny things that can end up having a very big impact.
Get out there, go, go, go cheer on the Dodgers and hopefully you have your weekend.
It was really
work with school and everything,
you're welcome, take care,