Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Show this train muscles. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Thank you. I know the uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, how's
it
going?
me
neither. I just did you find this on a prolific? Yeah.
Yeah. I think, I don't know are they like, you think they're testing out some software for like some chat software or something?
Yeah. I've been, I'm a teacher. We've been uh like, yeah, obviously not in school. So it has been um just like doing surveys to pass the time pretty much. And yeah, but
I've been getting too prolific because just because of like these things were like randomly be like, oh or in an extra like 20 bucks doing and something random. Mhm.
System
Houston
texas nice.
Like um we just got lifted I guess. But it's pretty much
um Like you can go places at like 25 capacity but still, so we're not like lockdown anymore, but it's still pretty much feels like that. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. So I'm just like pretty much just like we're doing the online school but it's basically like just kids sending messages with like questions they have about the assignment I'm sending them. But I teach six graders so they're not really like the most proactive and reaching out. They're talking about that they get too many questions. So I'm kind of just like on my computer waiting for anyone, does me a message and then just doing like prolific surveys or whatever just to make some side money. Yeah.
You
don't
want to
hear?
Oh I'm just saying that I've been doing that one and what's the other one? Quick quick thoughts or something that's on a like an app. We've pretty much been doing those three and just like cycling back through through
each
of them.
No.
Is that one like you just like apply for different studies and I think Well, yeah. Yeah.
I'm just like, because I still get
his.
Yeah. I know
our
district is doing like Basically like that because we have like 15 schools were like a charter school system. The the home office is basically like people that are making the lessons and we're just in certain days, we basically just send them out and then we have like office hours where the kids can um Yeah, basically just like they have time, they can eat like video chat or just like send a message. But I keep posting messages like
I'm here like
the office out,
you know, I'm a computer and I'll get like one message and I'll just be a kid like, oh, I'm going and I'm like, if you have any questions about the siemens and they're like, no, the Yeah, pretty much.
I feel real bad for um Yeah, the senior than like seniors in college to um my my my girlfriend, she also teaches at the same school, but she teaches ninth grade and um yeah, I think they're taking it even the ninth grader is taking a little harder. Sixth graders don't really, they don't really care. They're like, oh we're old friends, we can play video
games, like
yeah, they're fine.
Yeah, they don't like
was that?
Well
here
Atlanta,
I don't even know what we're doing for august. I think
we got an email basically saying like they're still not sure and it might be like
online
or like some sort of like hybrid. And I don't really know what that would be like art online part in person. Uh huh. But man.
And like.
Yeah and it's weird like just like the first because we went on spring break basically a day early and then we just didn't come back. And like the first I would say like the first you like really fall into like I'll take of a region kind of thing. Yeah. But then yeah, pretty much like and since like the middle of april and I'm like okay
like and
I was like I'll probably be ready because you have made basically we have a few more weeks of doing this online school which isn't too much. And then summer break. And then I was like thinking like okay august I'll be ready to go back. And they're like they're like maybe you're not going back till september. Okay. Mhm.
And like
since my girlfriend.
Yeah. The store, yeah. Store is like we had like a few weeks where it was like pretty sparse and out, everything's pretty much back. Um
So I think we have really hit Houston too hard. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like kind of got that like the fear I'm like, okay, like not like, you know, worried about having
but just
like if we don't because like
they kind of need teachers, you know, if we do go back, they can't just let everyone the coronavirus ends and then they just haven't. But
yeah, that's what the our head of our
district that he was like, yeah, we have like, we don't have any plans to cut salaries and we don't have any plans fire anymore. Let them go or the next school year. Uh Because I think, yeah, because I was feeling like we have like the S. X coordinator
like you know the nurse and all these different people who don't really, especially like you know when there's no kids at school, they don't really have anything to do. But hopefully. Uh huh.
Yeah, I got a buddy who am I? I
was
also he doesn't think he's in New york city, but he does like he does the same thing where he works for like the school. Like I guess it's the janitorial service but you know like h back he goes into New york city schools I guess. Like he kind of like fixes them up but I'm not really sure exactly
what he does,
but it sounds similar.
Um How
how is it?
How is it in Kansas? Is it pretty crazy? Yeah,
like with the virus?
No.
Yeah. I feel like everyone
just
everyone just wants to go out. Yeah like do stuff. Mhm.
guys,
just
probably always
two.
Thank
you.
How far how far is that from like Wichita?
That's not that's not too bad.
no, I haven't, I'm originally from new york.
Um So it's kind of like here like everything compared to new york where we have like mountains and stuff. Houston is pretty like flat and like swampy. So can I have to say and be like there is like nature in some if you if you you pretty much got to drive far from Houston to get sandy nature, you pretty much gotta go like an hour, hour and a half to get anywhere. Okay.
like an hour away.
No there's like one spot where it's like um according to my girlfriend is from Houston and um when she was a kid like it's like Galveston and when she would uh go there as a kid it was pretty like kind of trashy and you know like the water wasn't very nice but now it's kind of a ended up after hurricane harvey so now it's kind of like a nicer spot. Um
We were even thinking about because like we're thinking like where what we're gonna do like our next move to a different school um just like switch it up after we've been in Houston
and we're like thinking about maybe trying to teach like
down there at the school down in Galveston but then they got hurricanes down there, so we're kind of dating,
I mean hurricanes here too, but they're right on the water.
They like is there like a lot like school closings for tornadoes?
that's not bad. The thing about Houston is like we have like hurricanes pretty much every year, but like it the city doesn't really have a good plan and it kind of seems like, I mean I've only been here a little over a year. Um But every because there was a tropical storm in the fall and like it was just chaos and like they're just not really a good system in place. The water just kind of like just the city's kind like a bowl of water just like kind of sits
Yeah and like yeah, it's just like I think it's just because it happens like usually it seems like it's like once a year for like they'll be like really bad a hurricane or storm for like a day or two. That was pretty much like do a ton of damage like from there. The tropical storm, like the hood of like the bumper. My car came out because I was going through like the water. Uh but it's just crazy because like it will be like it rained so hard for like a day, so like the roads are like underwater and then like the next morning I went out to my car, it's like a beautiful sunny day, but then like my car is missing the bunker. Uh huh I'm here.
I never really been out to the midwest but one of my good buddies is from Iowa and he just told a lot, a lot of crazy stories about stuff going hot out there just like
Is
also
there just like uh weird like festivals and stuff like, like they have like a corn festival and things like that.
We
Yeah. It is it is like super like sprawling and um that's just also why it's kind of annoying to go anywhere. But we were before we were living in a kind of like lifting a downtown like more like the heart of the city. But then the school were teaching at was like farther outside the city. So now we like we're still pretty close to downtown what we're like farther away. So
now it's like
you just
move over to this new place. You know, there's a lot of traffic and like we're kind of close to like so cool spot Labor feels like china out here and like just like a lot of good food and it's more like more like quiet. Yeah, not bad. I like this new spot. He's been a lot better.
Pretty much drive. Just because like it's pretty much because the the oil industry doesn't really, they don't really like the public institution. So we have the bus and we have there's like a tram railway thing. But it's not really uh it's
not very extensive. It just kind of goes like right near downtown. So he lived, you know more than 5, 5 or 10 miles away. Like you need a car.
I I grew up like outside of new york city
in the suburbs. And uh Yeah it's pretty much I
mean we had a car out there but you know like nobody in the city as a car here.
Yeah. I came down and I had to buy a car and then it had that like
the tropical storm issue. So now that we're close to our school now, I sold my car. So now we got the one because I got because it's just it's not fun having the car. Even even in Houston with the traffic. Mm
What?
Yeah. Lucky lady. Everyone like somehow I like relatives are like friends, families, like some people got it. But no, like everyone has recovered and no one in my immediate family has got it. But yeah. So it's I think
Yeah. Yeah. It's just like, no, none of my like only my sister works in new york city, she commutes. Um So she's a lot but like she's like, she's still in colleges and grad school so I haven't been super worried but just like she's the one who experience are pretty much guaranteed that um she's just like take pictures of like the train into the city and just empty and just like, you know,
usually
it's act
so it's just like
kind of weird that my friends who live in the city and just like, because here people are kind of nervous and like everyone's wearing masks and stuff, but like there's still people having barbecues and stuff, but in New york city it's like kind of the apocalypse. Mhm.
Yeah, and I was supposed to go up and see my family like because some, you know, for summer break in june, we're gonna like travel around. But now I'm like, well new york city's there's nothing they're
going on right now. And I don't even know
like if my parents want me to come, so like all right, I'm just like, ok, I'll save up and I'll do a longer trip next year. Yeah,
just
think,
Yeah, I just feel like it's kind of weird and yeah, I'm like, and Houston not too bad. So I'm like, well might as well just like stay down here and there actually might be like stuff to do uh in june and that's what I'm hoping for. I'm like, hopefully like once the school year is over, we can at least like, you know, enjoy the summer break, you know, a little bit do some stuff. Mm
But
mhm. Go back, we're off dude in july, so we're back in Oh yes, for like a few weeks before the kids come in, the end of august. Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah, I think we're Yeah, because we ended the end of May, like I think we're on May 29 for almost almost there.
I think so. I'm looking at the uh the window the or the page where
I don't want to yeah, at least 25 minutes. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know what time I guess it's uh Spending 25 minutes, right. Uh huh.
I guess we kind of I don't know if you just close the window, I guess. Yeah.
Nice
to meet
you, good
luck uh with the school and for next school year. Uh huh.
Yeah.
See
you