Hey,
What's
up, man? All right. I don't know. I guess. I don't really know what we're supposed to do here, but just talk I
guess.
Yeah, I sure did. Yes. We're just supposed to hang out and let's make a little money.
Like video gotta be. I can't imagine what else the point of it would be, you know, since they're not like a specific topic or anything.
Yeah.
Yeah. I worked at school too. I'm actually like the building manager like over the custodians
and the plumbers and electricians too. So yeah, I've been off for uh going off for a couple of months now, so yeah, I live here in Kansas where you at
man?
some of Wichita Kansas there the house out things down there, you guys like to stay at home order and everything.
You get
Yeah. They're supposed to start lifting arms and phases starting tomorrow, but still like, you know, all the restaurants and bar, pretty much
everything still closed so I've been trying not to get too much but uh everything's pretty pretty much still closed around here.
Yeah me too. Uh I've found uh crowd taps a pretty good one too, I've been making pretty good little money doing surveys on there, That's a good one and
I've
been
that
one and uh oh uh swag bucks, I've done pretty good on that one too. But yeah same here. I got a daughter, she's a go ahead.
I
mean
very successful. Focus Forward is pretty good. It does like kind of like focus groups and I've got in a couple of them that paid like a couple 100 bucks man, so you should just haven't checked that one now. That's a pretty good one
too
they have mom, everything you can imagine but they gotta accept applied for a bunch of, I've only got accepted to it for a few but I did one on just random like on a camping gear and it paid like $275. So we're like four days of kind of repetitive repetitive questions. It was pretty boring but pretty good money for just a couple days. Yeah.
I got
for the high school how some of her teachers been real good about sending assignments and stuff but some just I've kind of been M. I. A.
But you can tell someone we're
taking a little.
I
you
know.
It's been kind of hard daughter, you know being a senior year you know missing prom and graduation and everything. A little unfortunate with that.
No,
they're just like,
Yeah, when I was in 6th grade, a few months vacation.
So are you guys have further every year?
Okay. I said, are you guys out for the rest of the school year? Are
you
going back
this year?
We should be working.
It
is,
It's definitely, definitely been a strange experience. I hadn't been through anything like, like this for sure.
After.
It's
because,
kind of think when they do, when everybody starts getting out more, it's probably gonna, you know, spike again because everybody being out, I'm afraid that's what's going to happen. But hopefully not. But yeah.
How
it down there, you guys able, you gotta table everything in the store and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't
know
the
Yeah, they had, you know may being in charge of the school buildings, you know, we came in for a couple of weeks but you know, without any students or teachers there was kind of finally like well we've kind of cleaned everything, there's really not anything else you know left to do, luckily, you know, luckily we're still getting paid and everything a lot better off than some people, fortunately.
But
but
kind of attitude.
we we
keep getting
that is
the case,
right, that's kind of what I do. You know, I'm just pretty much over maintaining that the book building stays in good order, like custodians report to me if we have an h back problem or plumbing problem or electrical then we have our own like in house crews that come in just kind of in charge of making sure the building stays you know functional. But with nobody there there wasn't much for us to do then uh
kind of enjoy
vacation but Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean it was it started helping now there though, you know for about a month we could,
it was hard to get you know, toilet paper paper, tiles leading products but the last few weeks it's settled down quite a bit. Uh
Hopefully
it saves that.
Yeah me too. I mean uh you know we really wasn't supposed to but we we got in the car and drove out to Colorado last week, didn't really you know do anything. Just took a drive up in the mountains and just get away man, kinda nice just to get away
and get out of the house. You know,
Colorado
was pretty crazy.
They had, everything was closed. It was even hard to find
hotels
like, like several towns, we're only renting to like essential workers and stuff. So we kind of just went out there and headed back. But it was definitely worse out there than here in Canada.
Denver is about seven hours from here. Yeah.
Yeah, Okay. It's, you know, nice day dr leave here in the morning, you'll be there by late afternoon. No, we don't have much to see here. Everything is pretty flat, no trees. That's kind of our little weekend getaway is run out there to mountains out there by Denver. Have you ever been to Kansas?
All
Right. I've been through Houston a few times. You guys are pretty close to the ocean, aren't you? A couple hours?
Mm hmm. I can't, but it's not too like um I guess scenic ocean down
Yeah.
If.
Good.
form.
Yeah. Yeah. No hurricanes here, but we get our fair share of tornadoes and thunderstorms.
Yeah. Uh yeah, more thunderstorms, you know, tornadoes maybe once a year. So most of our buildings nowadays have the big like the much shelters. So usually if we do have any kind of threat, they pretty much keep them in the school and they built these really like reinforced beam uh shelters and they kind of just take all the staff and students into those instead of trying to evacuate or anything. No.
I right. You probably just far enough away from the water that they don't take it seriously enough.
That's kind of how it is here. They always say if you don't like the weather just wait 10 minutes it will change. Yeah get goes from sunny and nice one day the thunderstorms and cold effects we get a lot of you know drastic weather changes. It seems like
we're pretty similar to them, I get a lot of you know crazy blizzards in the winter time and the hot and dry in the summertime a little bit everything. I was
not
too
look mm. Yeah it's uh definitely a little um a little uh I don't know, you know rural kind of red state flyover state. Not much to do here man so luckily which tells the biggest city but we're only about 300,000. So I guess if you're going to be in Kansas it's about the best place to be, definitely not. A lot of, definitely not a lot to do. I'd say I've
been through Houston a few times I guess maybe ever about Houston is just how spread out it seemed and how long it took to, you know, get from one side of Houston to the other.
Everyone
at the
party.
you guys have pretty good public transportation is everybody pretty much drive?
At
Yeah. Right. But that was different coming from new york.
It's
But
this is a problem.
No.
When new york city really got hit hard with this coronavirus
stuff?
Yeah, luckily don't know anybody that has gotten it so Well we haven't got very much, it hasn't got hit here very hard. I think we've got I think 100 cases or something like that here in the city. So we've been pretty fortunate.
That's
your
that's
it.
Yeah. I was seeing some pictures of new york city there and just like streets were empty and like you said the subways were empty and but yeah, I don't blame my nose as hard hit as they got.
If
the first one.
My
brother
just had to fly down to Miami for a business and he said he was the only one on the plane, Usually a pack light and he said it was the only one. Yeah.
Right.
When do you guys usually go back to school?
All right. Our kids come back the we don't come back in september the kids come back like the the first day after Labor day. I believe it is after labor day weekend. So start a little bit later. Sounds like
it. Her right. Mhm. Getting close. Yeah. So how long was this was supposed to be? About 20 minutes or something?
For the stage.
I wonder if they're going to cut us off or if we're supposed to just ended after 25 minutes or what?
Looks like yeah, about 27 minutes to me. Uh Yeah,
I think we did everything we were supposed to do. So I was wondering if if the video would cut off or if we're just supposed to stay on their 25. But what was nice
talking
to
you man?
Yeah.
You do have
to
argument.