good. Uh, what are you up to this morning?
Love it pretty much the same. I got up like 15 minutes ago. I'm on the west Coast down where you're at, but it's like 10:10 a.m. Here, so
program. Oh God you okay? I've done in Portland. Um,
I am trying to get used to, I'm originally from Hawaii, but I've been in Oregon for over four years now and I'm trying to get used to the weather, but every winter when it starts getting you and it hits that like very point where it's like goes from like a really pretty fall colors and just kind of gloomy once in a while to just like actually miserable for a couple weeks. It's like hitting that point and I just, I know it's coming and I'm just kind of in denial right now pretending it's not
or
it's definitely, I'm work from home right now, which makes it a lot more tolerable because I used to, I just graduated college this year and I used to give tours for the school and it would be miserable if it was raining out because you not only have to like be out in the rain for 90 minutes, you also have to convince everyone in your group that you're having a good time. It'll be like, you know, 40 out and just pouring and you're like, no, this is, this is okay, you'll get used to it when you're, don't worry.
I'm going, I'm going back in december and I'm so excited. So I just uh you know, it's like, I love Oregon but just not having like a month or two cut out where I'm just not here for the worst part of the year is very nice.
Good.
No 100%. I feel like it's like southern California and Hawaii for weather pretty much comparable, you know.
Mm Are you originally from Seattle?
mean there's so much rain right that guys?
it's pretty it's pretty similar down here I think just a little bit more measured because it's it doesn't usually poor, it'll just Sprinkle on and off for like two weeks straight, you know? But it's not like you can't do stuff, it's just like every time you step outside, your living in that little bit of fear of it's starting.
So
what brought
you, what brought you over to Seattle?
No.
I
am
with the elections and with lockdowns are like yeah.
is
that where the Chaz
the Chaz was? Yeah.
Oh, that's super bass. Yeah, I'm lucky with where we're at because we're within walking distance of like a lot of fun stuff. But we're, we live across on one side from a fire station and then the other from a 24 hour taxi service. So this is like not like the downtown area, so
and it's very like riot free because
the police stations right there are the, the, the fire station, which is like, you know, everyone like the less problematic version of the same thing. Yeah,
stop, stop putting out fires. We've had enough out of you. Mm hmm.
Yeah, it's no, it's been
crazy. I um my boyfriend and I were going to go down to California. We um last year we went down to stay with his family and yesterday the governor, I was already feeling a little bit leery obvious that the governor was like, please don't travel like,
okay, fair enough. I also don't want to get like, I don't even get like stuck stuck in California, but I don't want to have to pull like a We can't get to the airport because they canceled the flight, so we're just gonna like try to, you know, drive 10 hours back.
I'm gonna
it's
so expensive.
Uh Fair enough
here, mm
that's true, yeah, that's gonna be, that's gonna be pricey right there. Yeah,
no, I'm not a fan. I originally, so from in hawaii the cost of everything, the cost of living in general
is just ridiculously high. So when I moved out to Oregon I was like, wow, this is amazing, you know? But I still slowly gotten acclimated because in Eugene where I went to school um it's just such a cheap Like everything is so much cheaper, like my senior year rent was literally like 450 a month
and it was time
And so now now I'm so spoiled again and I'm just like, oh, like, you know, 800 a month who has money for that? Where's the Hawaii? It's like 1500 minimum, you know?
Mm
Yeah, we have, it's a hilarious living arrangement cause it's like we have the ideal technically college graduate, but like, you know, barely living situation, which is we have therefore of us living here and we have like three bedrooms and then this one room that the landlord tried to convince us could legally be a bedroom and it's like clearly just living room that has like two glass doors and we're like, that's not like people come through and it's a duplex. So above us is a whole another group of like semi professional people doing the exact same thing. We have like the worst basement you've ever seen. It literally just looks like a dungeon, the heating like doesn't work. Sometimes it's like not an apartment, you know, so it's like one, one
scrap
The lights,
the lights
of the 24 7 cab company really really adds these.
It's
like one animal at night mm That's going to be so peaceful though. Is it are you able to go outside and do hikes and things right now or is it too rainy?
Oh that'll be
I've only seen it once briefly but it was like a really for a for capital in a small town which I usually think of as being like kind of boring. It was like really nice.
Good
to know
what
part
of the landscape.
That's
incredibly accurate do you think?
Um I went for music and political Science, but I'm applying to law schools right now, so it's not as unemployable as it sounds whenever
I drop,
yeah. Whenever I drop that, do what people are like, that's interesting.
What are you gonna do with that?
that's actually, that's the guy I did one yesterday and he was, he was like, oh yeah, yesterday I just the day before, yesterday now I sang for like seven hours straight. So apologies. My voice is bad. And it was, I guess he just like, I don't know if he didn't explain if he like gets paid to do it, if we just sang for seven hours for fun, but I mean
it kind
of made
the next
thing. Yeah, but it makes sense right? All the, all the broke music people
for employment
outcomes, it has the exact same. it's the exact same
where you were
you sending
that?
Especially dealing with like 18 year olds in your same class. I've never lived away from home. Yeah.
100%. But that,
but
you
have like an 8 to 10 year age gap you're gonna you're gonna notice at some point. Right,
what do you do you think you wanna give like a place you want to work once you're done or not specifically?
Not yet.
especially if you're
from, I mean if you're from Washington you have the connections. Like that seems perfect because from what I know at least Seattle like the hiring market in general is pretty insular unless you like, you know or have some ties to the area and like obviously we've got like
a million ties.
That's
to connect.
No that was a big, I'm working for AmeriCorps this year which is super cool. I'm a college counselor for underserved students. But it also pays like nothing. We had like a living stipends and it was definitely because I was like, oh well when I graduate in back in february right as like I'm going to start looking for jobs now be applying to law school. So it doesn't matter if I'm doing like you know, I'll find, I'll find something and then march it and it was like I am
gonna find something now and just take whatever comes
it's super depends on who gives me money. I do not like it's one of the things I hate about law school and like med school and a lot of continuing degrees like that is how normalized it is just being like hundreds and thousands of dollars of debt, which I am so not down for. So like the top three schools. Um Yale stanford and Harvard just literally don't give up any merit aid whatsoever. Um So
and they kind of expect like we'll give you like maybe some need based aid and then you probably, you're probably gonna go like $200,000 in debt to come here. Like
I'm like even if I got into one of those schools, I don't know if it be worth it, you know because that's like 5 to 10 years of her life that are just spent like catching up. Which like I don't I don't know I'm struggling back like what's the point of going to grad school if you're literally just like setting your life back until you're like mid, 30s that
No 100%. Yeah. So I think you're definitely doing the right thing. Like you found you found the like way to thread the needle with that. Yeah.
Number.
That's
amazing. That's so good.
No, that makes total sense. Yeah. It's I mean just the like the employability matrix, right versus debt. Like you, I feel like what you've chosen is perfect, like perfect at the centre, especially considering you don't like want the college experience, which makes sense because it's, In my opinion, it's really attractive if you're like an older teenager, younger 20s and anything past that is like could be working right now.
where do you, where would you see? Like do you have a goal country to visit?
A fair amount, but not to any of those places. Um More to I I was abroad in Singapore for a term and then I Singapore. Okay. One thing if you ever get over to Asia, it's um it's super expensive to get there. Which sucks. But once you're there the there's so many budget airlines. Um So I visited like seven different countries while I was there and it was literally to fly from Singapore to Borneo, like that one big island and back with $60 round trip. It was ridiculous. It was ridiculous.
It's like cheaper than flying from Eugene to Portland, you know like um But I I also really want to visit Scandinavia one day. One of my hadn't actually had not been super interested in it, but one of my friends um she was abroad there for a full year and then she like met a boyfriend and has been back there now just like living with him and every time she talks about it I'm just like I want to I want to go to Sweden like it sounds so cool. You know
who?
I had like, okay, one of the things that just blew my mind was um I met this girl when I was traveling with her while I was in Singapore and she was Swedish and we were talking a little bit about Swedish politics because I just didn't really understand them and she was like, oh yeah, in Sweden, I'm a conservative because I think that one of her policies was like, oh I think education should be private. And I was like in my mind I was like that's kind of, yeah, that sounds conservative and she's like, but it's not at all in the way americans think because if it's private, it doesn't mean that the citizens are paying, the citizens aren't paying either way. It's just whether the government or private companies fund the education because of private companies funded, they can like do like tax write offs or something like that, so it's like none of it gets offloaded onto the students and I was like that's crazy
because that's so much more progressive than anything I can imagine, you know? And her being like, oh I'm conservative for thinking this is like what? Yeah,
Have you, have you visited traveled around the US at all?
And it's, I mean, I think right now a lot of people are having like a realization moment about how much they actually want to travel when they can't Right, I'm gonna what was what was
about
like,
well
I believe
this.
No.
We have
we have
them in
the
do
not have them in uh in Oh, it might be too cold on in eastern Washington, Right. It's okay.
as I've seen, they're they're like not a thing in Hawaii, right? So I had the same reaction because I saw in my I think like my sophomore year of college and I lost it because it was just, it's like a hilarious animal, you know, when you like have
time to look at it just like doesn't look like it should be alive.
Yeah, I think it's probably though because it's like a little more, not rural, but like, you know, there's like nature around more in Eugene and and it's not as cold. So I've only I've only seen a couple of them, I've seen like two in my life, but I just I love them because they're I don't actually want to like own one or anything, you know? I just think they're hilarious to see because it's like literally just like an overgrown worse rat. Uh huh. Mhm.
They're
probably
honestly
they're probably
in
Washington to just not Seattle since you might you might see one. He moved out of the city. They might be coming for you.
that's
so
funny.
Please
our human gods give us a chino.
I think I I don't know. I love recommends to all the animals that like squirrels too because we don't have any of them in Hawaii. I think they're just like hilarious and the best because they're okay. You have to understand in hawaii the biggest rodents we have in the wild are rats. And have you heard of mongoose before? Yeah, we have those which are like long
rats, you know? And so anything bigger than that is just shocking to me. It's like the concept of they're just being raccoons, like huge things just wandering around. I my my yeah, my freshman year, I like didn't know how big they were because you have to imagine if you've only seen pictures. I thought they were like maybe the body was like this big, you know? And the tail was like, I had no idea. And my freshman year I was my like I was staying with my ex girlfriend or something at her house and she was like, oh you have to come see like the light just went off we have in the backyard. And I like freaked out because they're they're huge.
If you don't know how big we're gonna be there scary because I
was expecting like cute little, maybe like hug size things and they're these like gigantic fluffy, like be wandering around.
Not not a skunk. I've seen a porcupine in like a zoo, but not not in real life.
We do actually. So those are not as exciting to me. They don't,
they don't
make
the cut.
Coyote, Coyote is freaked me out. Like those. I mean like they cool in concept to me, but whenever I hear them out, I'm just like, I don't, I don't like that. Mhm.
Have you
seen
1? Mm hmm.
mm. Those those are definitely one. I I read like some some survival book written for Children, like hatchet or something like that when I was younger I think. Is that the one where he encounters a moose? Yeah.
I don't remember any other details in that book, but I remember him like someone, I think it was that book he encounters a moose and just has to like run for his life. And he's describing how big it is. And that's literally that moment was when I was like, I hate moose. I like they they're cool in my mind. But I know if I saw one, I would just be like, I'm I'm going to die here.
Okay. Yeah, I've heard that they're they're like pretty easy to scare off. Mhm.
Have you seen, what do you do if you see a moose in the wild?
What?
Because
I was gonna say there's not like mousse spray.
Time
to kill.
Let's go. Let's go on a date to buy bear spray.
All
right. It's been
super nice talking to you. This is fun. What?
What's
your
name?
Blake.
I'm
laura lee. Mhm.
Nice
to
meet you. Have a good rest of your day. I hope you have fun in the nature preserve or at Starbucks.
Bye.