mm hmm. Yeah, mm. Hey, how are you doing?
um just kind of getting started drinking some tea, taking it easy. How about you?
yes, I'm in Seattle.
nice.
Yeah, it's already
bad up here, like it's literally pouring rain every day. It's like, oh it was nice to a lot said like the first week of november, we got up to the sixties, so I'm like all right, this is chill and now it's freezing and rainy and yeah, it's chris Oh
Gosh hawaii, that'd be nice. Us.
Oh my gosh,
yeah, I like visited. Well it's different but san Diego last year and I'm like everything in my mind is like I just want to move there like it's like 70 year round. I'm like this is perfect like
Yeah, I'd assumed that uh
yeah um I'm from Spokane, which is just on the other side of the state. Um So it's a little different like there it gets a ton of snow, so at least I don't get snow over here for the most part like some years I know Portland the last few years got pretty bad. Uh We don't really like melts right away up here so. Oh
Yeah. Again yeah, I mean you get used to it but still every time there is and we get like cloud breaks, like yesterday it was sunny for a while, like it's not 24/7 for days in a row. Like. Uh huh. Like a lot of people think it just like always is raining up here and it's like no we can go like months without any rain. It's awesome like. Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Gosh, I
like
Portland.
Um I originally just moved here just to kind of Do something new because I love and smoking my whole life and I moved when I was 26 with someone and then we both ended up going back to Spokane and then when we finally broke up I was like f this woman smoking,
I'm going back to Seattle. So that's how I ended up here right now. I'm actually kind of like I'm closer to Olympia, the capital right now, it's only been a few weeks that I've been out but I was like I need a break from the city because it was getting crazy either I guess you're in Portland which is getting equally or
more
so crazy like
like protest because I was right on capitol area of Seattle is like right by the police precinct that got like taken over and like
everything,
you know? Yeah,
I was like every day. Yeah it was awesome for a while and then it got kind of scary, but it was cool. It lasted. It was just like, all right. I'm kind of tired of this and they go off into the suburbs and nature and I live right next to a nature reserve and it's awesome.
Geez.
S
No one has been like protests at the fire stations like,
Oh gosh. Yeah. No, it's been, it's been all right. It's just been a weird year. Like all this covid stuff. It's been depressing and I was working in restaurants so that obviously ended like they're kind of open now. But the governor, I think we're like doing new restrictions starting monday. They just haven't said what they are because covid getting so bad again that it's like, all right, well continue to do nothing.
See.
Seriously.
Oh gosh. Yeah, That would suck. What
part of California were you going to? Oh nice. I thought about moving there to just I don't know
I had
that lives there. Well yeah so Seattle like
I survived.
I was right in the heart of it so I was like yeah.
Oh yeah, it was very expensive.
Search.
Holy
crap.
Yeah. Seriously? Like gone Kokoschka. I remember in Spokane my rent being so cheap and looking back and uh
that's why when I had a breakup and it was in Seattle I was just like I can't afford to pay double the money I was paying, I'm like rent and everything so I was like I guess I'm moving back to Spokane to and then and coming back here but it's like I can't freaking live alone. It was just so expensive like.
It still
feels a little better. Yeah,
I'm
partner.
Yeah. The theory of everything. Yeah. It's super awesome. It's weird how like, yeah, moving out here, I'm just like, it's so quiet outside. Like I'm used to like the noise of like I five or like just the normal protest or gunshots like now it's like what is happening
like?
Um I've done a little bit, It's in pretty rainy, but I'm going to go to that reserve again monday because they're supposed to be like a break in it or we might go to a more tree covered one just because it shouldn't be too bad there. But
wasn't explored the actual Olympia area and got a like it was like nighttime in the capitol buildings all lit up. It's really pretty. It's like on the big hill overlooking the lake and stuff like. It's a cool capital.
Yeah, it's cool like they have a really big farmers market year round and it's like an actual they have like buildings and stuff for it to in addition to the booths. And it's like the coolest farmers market I've ever been to. I've been to many. Yeah,
it's
cool, it's a little like hippie ish over here, but I mean I'm a pacific Northwest kids so
I'm like used to it
like.
Yeah like it's just like if you're not wearing plaid a few days a week then what are you even doing?
Like what
did you go to school for you?
that's so crazy.
This is
well
that's weird because I've done three of these like survey chat things now. And the first dude uh played piano and guitar like and then the second it was a music teacher at a school. So you're like the third person a road that's like in the music and or studied it or something you know it's like apparently a common thing of people sitting at home wanting to do something nice.
I
don't
have
any music.
Yeah I'm just broke and not talented so it's kind of like a
that's fine.
I care that I'm studying computer science though so as soon as I get my crap together and finish that I should be good.
It's
taken
me a while. Um I've just been doing like self paced online stuff. I'm going to finish my degree out through W. G. U. Which is online. It's Western Governors University. So um it's nice because it's like competency based. You just test out on every class whenever you feel ready for it. And so I can bust through a lot of the easy ones really fast and focus on the stuff that I want because I never did the full like college experience when I was younger. I skipped that. And now I'm like, I don't really want to go to like an actual school. I'd rather just do it online because I'm 30 now.
I can't imagine. I'm like, yeah, even like Some leg of the 21, year olds that I hang out sometimes I'm like, oh, I can tell the difference in our ages. Like, I don't know.
I mean there's some really mature youth, young people, but no,
no,
no,
I know. Well then it just makes me feel old. So then I'm like, okay now like you're sucking the youth from me, like go away. Like I need to go get some moisture edge. Oh gosh.
Nothing
particular like just, I mean I can go to any company really so I could try the big ones like google or what not or I'm in Seattle so a million amazon jobs. Uh I would like to eventually work for like a nonprofit of some kind. I don't know doing what exactly. But I mean every company needs coders of some kind so
that's
100
respect. Well not even, well not anymore, but I used to go to like coding meetups and stuff. It's literally just networking and that's all it is sort of like just work on your portfolio. Send it to me. It doesn't even matter if you have a degree like most people don't care. It's like
for
the entry level coding jobs, you know? But yeah, it's really about networking but it's not easy to network right now so Yeah, unfortunately.
And
Gosh, that sucks. Yeah. What law school are you trying to go to or want to?
And
Holy crap.
Yeah. That's that's ridiculous. Our whole education system in America is backwards.
it's so much cheaper. Like you can pay, it's just like $3600 for a six months block and you can start on the first of any month. So it's like whenever you're
ready, do it take as many classes as not six months as you can pass and it's
set price.
so because I still need a bunch of the, like I never even got my A or anything, so there's like the english and all those that like I'm not going to go sit at a community college and get that over like three months or whatever when I could literally test out in a day, because I know it's super easy because I remember all that stuff, but yeah, but so that's my goal.
yeah, exactly, and well, and right now, like my little brother, he goes to U Dub, but he's back in Spokane doing it online, which he's all bummed about, so it's like still paying that price of the big college experience that you end up. And he's he was in like a frat, so we can't see all his frat boys or anything like that, and I'm just like bomber bro, like it sounds really stupid, but like but but yeah, I'm just like, well like it's just a means to an end get there because I want to do like freelance work while I travel like the world in my thirties, like for at least a few years because there's even companies you can sign up with do your freelance work but they set up all the travel arrangements and get you and like various places to stay that have good internet so you can do all your stuff and then they will stay there for a few weeks and move on.
right now I want to move to new Zealand but travel around, I want to go to like Portugal Morocco. I haven't gone anywhere. So basically the whole world. But those are my like I really want to Scandinavia. Any of the like pretty much all those. Yeah. I don't know how you travel much.
that's amazing.
Seriously? Yeah. They're consistently rated as like the happiest nations and stuff despite their like winters. Which
doesn't make sense to me, but I'm like, all right, I can be already deal with winter here. I can deal with in this Scandinavia.
that's
Yeah. Another thing of backwards about our country. Uh
No, like seriously, like wasted. Like finally when I was like 29, I was like went to San Diego for a few weeks and then popped over to Dallas randomly and then ended up back in Seattle. Otherwise I've just been like California Oregon, Washington, British Columbia bit. But like I never left the West. I literally didn't leave the time zone until I was 29. Was sad.
It's
like I had
all these opportunities, but Dallas
was cool like because I was all worried, I'm like the south, I don't really want to go there, but
I need someone that works for southwest. So he like, flew me there for free and
that's where he lives. So I was like, all right, And we were right, like in this nice part of the town, like in a college area kind of um So it didn't feel like I was in the south or whatever, it was just like, and I went straight there from san Diego, so it was just kind of keeping that whole like, it was March and it was really nice out. I'm like, I just feel like I'm still kind of in that
vibe. I don't know that I didn't say only safe except I saw a freaking possum like within my first hour there, and I've never seen one before and I seriously freaked out. I'm like, I was like, what the f is that is the biggest rat I've ever seen. He's cracking up like, oh God,
you're
not
going
to last
year.
Yeah, I know that there's not over there.
You know,
you have come down in Oregon.
It was gross. I don't know. I didn't even know. I thought they were only in the south or something. I didn't realize they were up
here, but
all
I've ever
seen her
like
yeah, keep my eyes open. Always hear raccoons everywhere. Like so many raccoons. But yeah, like they're really cute though. Like there's this one little, it's called like point deception or something and you like can drive around and the records are so used to getting like fed food from the humans. They literally come up to the cars and stand on their hind legs with their arms up begging for food. And it's just like the weirdest thing because there's like hundreds of them a longer thing, it's just
like what
is
happening, It looks like a rap tune like worship
service. There's like just
really sad because if people aren't going there then they're probably like not knowing how to hunt for food themselves. So that's why we lost was a feeding and most of it. Oh.
man.
that
makes
Yeah, that would be kind of scary. I guess they're gonna used to like, you seem like a skunk or porcupine or anything.
Uh huh. Yeah, I see him in the wild quite often and beer all the time. Do you have deer in Hawaii?
I
was
trying
to think of whatever like wild creatures are walking around like bears, but I've never even seen a bear like outside of a zoo, so
and moose like those can really mess
you
up.
they're huge. Like a gigantic It's terrifying.
I think so. I I was in fifth grade, I don't remember, but like
Yeah, no 100%. Gosh. But sometimes when I go on like hikes with people but will carry around like bear spray and stuff. But luckily I've never had to use the effort stories. People luckily the black bears are the most common, it seems like, and they tend to not mess with people.
there are a lot of attended. It's the brown and the grizzly though, if you're crap of the
for you can stay as far
away as possible back up slowly and
like,
No. Yeah, luckily I've never got like crazy close to 1. 1 time. There was one in the our yard at my house um because the coaches were because they had because we were like, in suburbs, but like, kind of like nature, but still like, blocks away. So it like, was just wandering the streets, but we stayed inside until a peace out. I think someone has called animal control yourself then just attracted away. But luckily if they're not next to like, they're young, they aren't as bad. It's like when you get between like the baby and the mother, that's when they're like, hell
now that we're yeah,
you're a danger. And yeah, seriously, it's terrifying. Now, I'm not gonna, I'm supposed to go with this guy on a walk and the nature reserve on monday, and now I'm all like, uh maybe hope it's going to go to Starbucks.
Seriously, I was feeling this
is romantic. Oh
gosh,
Yeah, that's sort
of
blast.
I'm Blaine
blame with an
end.
morally. It's nice to
meet
you.
Thank you so much. You