SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. A part of my business and this kind of crap hearing. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no, I'm sorry. Yeah. It was perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Hospital sam. Yeah, it was. Yes. So like clear use him. Yeah. Mhm. Sleep steve's right. Yeah. But the fire not much. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna go. So they're showing this to me. So there's no young families. Uh The greatest especially those who are the radio worries are forgotten. Okay. The stories of the men and women. The very sight of what is so. Oh yes. Their assignment bucks last one. Service country. Yeah, jesus, jesus. It's just every day. Are you guys on this program for her lifelong? You can see James and even five years now. But uh thanks. But on like music and text but you shouldn't have gotten pregnant. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Nobody. Yeah. Please join Your gift. Just $19 1. I will say this one 101. Someone that you know I want. No worries. That's great. All the long line hot one who give $19.1 hot metal Mr sponsor. As a result, attention 16 2012 years, for example, a competition for him. Okay. three days are very funny. Not very and inspiration of the indispensable. Mhm. Turkey's president. This is a camera equipment serve this market. This is assigned on a random basis and participating. Okay. You are a weird. Uh huh. Calling up on your screen. Now the World Health Organization has designated like a probable human president. Thousands of agricultural workers names and exposed to Sir, his older persons what he was with his brother. It may be a gentleman conversation from the manufacturer called now to find out if you qualify, If you or someone you love being ground up more diagnosed with cancer. Call the number on your screen. Now. Don't waste your time deadlines to finally oh one even one request. Right. All right. Don't do it all our, mm. Yeah. No. Yeah. It's not just taking screens very fragile. No. All right. Like so why are you seriously? Mhm. Fuck even. All right. Right. Yeah. Okay. Like this is how johnny. I don't think there's one. Why? No, no, no ridiculous fire test. You know what you want people to know. Okay. Uh huh. Thank you. Christine. Alright. This ghost ship. I need to get ready for my first. You. Shit what? Well, right. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. What? Uh huh. Why don't you just going out? I mr Yeah, it's like do you want? Uh huh. Got a really great great going on. Great. Okay. Oh yeah. Yes, it's the quicksand. I don't know. It doesn't work that way, but it doesn't work that way. You know there is a way to bring this down to you. You're gonna take it. Why Not? No one mark's gonna take this. You know? Larson breast? All right, let's get to it. Where did you know? I was a friend of my pot of gold. I don't like it was going so that's why do you want to stop? Mm. Uh huh, wow. No. Yeah, national news here, honey. I'm just actually I want to uh my regards to uh these guys in your pocket Britannia rules the waves. She's on this side. You've got it this time, british real men, Which is actually a private mitt. I guarantee it. Look at that. Mr Cool. Takes too. Go brush up. Damn. Like the Federal Reserve. You know, You're not entirely wrong. Craig browser takes one. My brother, another neighbor. Anybody else mind? 38 going once. Fivethirtyeight going twice. It's about a half a dozen of the monkey Privy stamps around a bitch. Beautiful 2016 for Kenya. Her condition next steps help keep tripping. I got the evening going against your land. One time student at what he does know five side and you get to spend time with that exact one. Sometimes when it's time to do and great rivals, but somebody in your house, everything else was pretty much so You have some 2014 the harmonics 935 05:35 35 until harmonics. Mm 69 And it's early at least 2018 05:49 My 35 philharmonic time, three ft or being slapped panda. Okay. Guns billy, What's going on? Another neighbor to the east. Mhm. Did you go to college fingers. Hey, for your consideration? One of my favorites, uh, one of my favorite minutes product. My favorite of all time is obviously about the Banco. right? Hello? Hello. The mexican myth of the liver time. I love my labor funds believe was looking over their diversity design. I mean finishes the work. Really believe me. This is the korean phoenix guys. You know, these civil wars cheap missed out, but it's never too late. But as we know, right here we go. Constant is fired in the 19. I have security feature leave limited. Beautiful. I imagine if I would guess that in 1999 on its silver something on those lines. It's just us just going to along with elements, right? $13 Tiger colours of the rainbow stacked on top of bed knowing what's our personal went down? About $30 going twice. $34 will make the medals. He knows. Here we go. $34 to make a medal to make a medal for $34.44 dollars of metals, base metals, $34. $35 right below my brother in Chicago. $35 from below The mega metal. 37. Stop it. They're going to stop it there. 37 make the medals. Mine. 37 guys I have 20 I can do at that price. Mine. 37 fine. 37 out of 20. It's crazy. I forget that. It's $29. Sometimes it's reasonable. They my life. What's up franceso you take when I got my brother, they can sack up and got you 96 points. Mhm. 1962. Mr. Rule takes to the younger associates one. Thanks. Remember. Right or below. Thanks. Mhm. My brother. Really? Yeah. God, many many times you for unspecified silver times one. I gotta make a second mile high little time shooting Delgrosso, knocking on what some spectacular local training medals in the house buying 37 guys. Mind 37 in the election. It's micro set. I'm pretty excited on the phone. Mm My 37 going once you let alone DeLorean? My brother. I love you. I hope you're feeling bucks today. 9:37. I have about about 10 laps. Greg Rose. Oh, thank God guys. 937 Korean Phoenix Com Stuff. Leaving any tree. Well, it's Yeah, yeah. and £10 in the house. I expect spending things. Yeah, wow rough. Keep my next I got here. Everybody else. Let us follow my 37 once my 37 going twice. 9 37 Prs Tremolo. Your bill here. D hein informant already in my leg. The choice that it takes to my brother, Jesse give that man a follow. He's always got some initial contact. Mhm. Speaking of which guys? Huh? You know, there's a new state chip for content um Little treating a guy. My brother. Thank you much love. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Oh sorry. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi hold on a second. I gotta get a light. I think
SPEAKER_L: my bad. How long were you there?
SPEAKER_R: I would I just count on like two seconds ago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was all on other pages looking at other stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was shopping on amazon. So
SPEAKER_L: Have a lot of shopping on Ebay. So the same thing basically.
SPEAKER_R: same same time.
SPEAKER_L: Well, my name is Mike
SPEAKER_R: I'm Hannah.
SPEAKER_L: and that's very nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: It's very nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: So I guess we're gonna talk for like 25 minutes. So how was your day? What are you doing? What are you up to?
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's a good question. Um And then Hannah immediately forgets her entire day. Um So I was working on, well university is going to be getting back in soon. Um And I was working on different things for like financial aid. I'm having to fight My university as one does. Um Working on writing, doing some shopping. Like I said I don't even know honestly. I was just. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: you think?
SPEAKER_L: to school for? Oh me. I just I went to work, I do a regular 9-5 and you know, Dealing with employees, all that kind of stuff. uh I'm the director of uh well it's a company called eight billion trees. And we sell different products online, like little bracelets or shirts and stuff like that. And for everything we sell, we plant 10 trees and consider 100 existing trees um at one of the 20 locations that we planted, like we planted the Amazon Australia Indonesia, that kind of thing to fight deforestation. Yeah. So um you know dealing with employees because there's a lot of different personalities and you know, people want to know a lot of things and you know, just dealing with the new normal nuances, I should say, of working with people.
SPEAKER_R: All right. That sounds a little similar to koza which is like a search engine. But it
SPEAKER_L: well you plant they plant trees for the searches that you do
SPEAKER_R: I use
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: that oil but
SPEAKER_L: the are you into cleaning the ocean? Do
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you like those initiatives?
SPEAKER_R: uh I mean I wouldn't say I'm not into it. Uh No just pollute the vicious. Which
SPEAKER_L: that's just
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: just dump oil. Um
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Um I'm into a lot of different things but I haven't been able to volunteer like donate as much as I wanted to recently
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: because of everything that's going on. Um I'm just trying to focus on school basically.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: Well the reason
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: I uh the reason I ask that because you mentioned the Scotia, um we have a sister company that we just started called O C G dot org, which stands for Ocean cleanup group dot org. And it's the exact same premise as the coaster. You don't pay any money, you just uh, add uh basically a search engine and it says us google and bing search is basically, it's powered by them. And for every certain amount of searches you do, they pull upon the trash out of the ocean and they do it because of the money from the ad revenue generated through the search engine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm gonna write that down really quick call them. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: definitely. You should definitely check us out.
SPEAKER_R: All right shall okay I'm back. Sorry that lovely. I went anywhere but I was in my notes.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Yeah, it's O C G O R stands for Ocean Cleanup Crew. And I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: am eight billion trees. Yeah. So what do you uh what are you studying in school?
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'm studying english because I wanted to be a literary out ever. Um Sorry right now on yours too. Yeah so I'm studying english with uh concentration in writing. Um and I'm a senior so graduating this year. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what do you like to write about?
SPEAKER_R: Okay a lot of things as long as it's not nonfiction really. I mean I like reading essays too and I guess that's nonfiction sometimes. Um mainly fantasy though.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, lets seconds. I love fantasy books. I just got that. Well I have one more book in the series by Brent weeks um Brent weeks W. E. Chaos. Uh It's a black prism series. It's so good. And of course I like Brandon Sanderson and
SPEAKER_R: everybody I have actually really gorgeous uh copies of his books, Miss Foreign.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah this foreign. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have the UK version and it's gorgeous and I love it. Um It was really hard to come by, it's like $30 on Amazon and now it's now it's now $60 if you're not in the UK obviously. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah Sanderson's awesome. Everyone loves and he teaches that uh at BYU.
SPEAKER_R: so really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've seen some of his classes on Youtube. You go on Youtube and just type of Brandon Sanderson teaching or classes and you can see him actually teaching classes and you know it's kind of boring but it's it's cool to like see a writer and actually like teaching students how to write and where he comes up with ideas and his process. You know
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah no I haven't
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: really got a chance to read much Brandon Sanderson but yeah a lot of people love him is already there.
SPEAKER_L: give me a give me a few examples of some writers of books that you uh you read.
SPEAKER_R: Um so this isn't like super recent but I've always loved Rick Ryan because he is my favorite author um since I was really little um most recently Jay Kristoff and Amy Kaufman um I'm working on Never Night right now which is a trilogy, I don't know if you've heard of that, nah okay well jay Kristoff is really good. Um that's his series and I just got Girl serpent Store in which I have not read yet, but I'm planning to in the near future. Um I don't really keep track of a whole lot of authors, like I know their names when you say them, but I don't have them like in my brain. Oh
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: they're just going to have like a bunch of books and it's just, I don't know now really. The author is a lot of the time.
SPEAKER_L: I think about fantasy books is like they're they're really long and there's usually a whole bunch of like I just finished uh terry good kinds sort of truth series And it was literally like 14 books, 900 pages of book and literally after the sixth book, like you didn't even read no more but I couldn't stop because you know, I wanted to complete the series but it was literally the exact same thing wizard who didn't know he was a wizard has his power doesn't know how to use them correctly
SPEAKER_R: Every
SPEAKER_L: but seems to always be able to use them at the moment when it's needed most. And he's got a girl who always gets taken away your loss and has to find her, then they find each other they're completely in love and then that's it. Mhm. That's literally
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: every one of those books, all 14 of them.
SPEAKER_R: have you ever, oh I thought of another one. I don't know who the author is, but have you ever read um Age of legends or no. Age of myth I think is what it's called.
SPEAKER_L: No, I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: I have to look at that author really quick, but it's a really good series. I love that one. I haven't finished it yet. It's Michael J. Sullivan. I just
SPEAKER_L: I heard of him. I haven't read it though. They're almost actually I'm gonna grab my note pad to real quick. I'm gonna write this down so I don't. All right. Michael,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Sullivan, What was the name of the book
SPEAKER_R: j
SPEAKER_L: again?
SPEAKER_R: Michael J Sullivan. It's age of myth.
SPEAKER_L: Age of
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: f
SPEAKER_R: first one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know everybody loves the Wheel of Time. I've never heard of those.
SPEAKER_R: I have not. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: go crazy over those books. But for me, they were super boring. Like I read the first half of one and then I can just get through the first book and then it gets really good and I'm like, if I got to read two or three books for it to get good then. I mean, come on, why
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: am I reading it?
SPEAKER_R: a waste of several hours before it gets good and there's no guarantee it's even gonna get good, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: our days. I'm not the fastest reader, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's it's like that for honestly, I have a I'm really fast. I'm a really fast Reiter um I'm not great at talking sorry about that, but
SPEAKER_L: No, you're fine
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I said hours because that's what it would take me, so.
SPEAKER_L: man, you just show off now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, sorry, I'm so perfect.
SPEAKER_L: No, if I'm going to actually sit there and read a book like it'll probably take me uh you know, let's say it's a 600 to 1000 page book um if I read it every single day and like grinded it out, it probably be like a week to two weeks for me. I've had some books that are 1000 pages that took me a month, I've had others that took me a week. It just depends like how much I really put into it, you know, and how interested I am in the book, like it's gonna be really good to keep me coming back all the time.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, part of the reason I read so fast is because I have a really like addictive personality. So like once I start a book, if I like it even a little bit, I will not stop reading it until like I won't eat, I won't sleep so. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Day man, I wish I was like that. So many people nowadays don't even read those so it's
SPEAKER_R: And more people read than you would think. Um Mhm. The like millennials read actually they had read more than the prior generation but like gen z or whatever is sadly reading less and there's a lot of reasons for that. But there still are a lot of readers. It's just like not as many.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean I like netflix as much as the next guy, you know? But yeah, I don't mean a lot of people that are like yeah, I love books, I have this author, I read this like it just doesn't happen very often for me, but maybe I'm I'm also not like a super extremely social person that goes out all the time and you know, meeting people all the time, so it could just be me.
SPEAKER_R: everywhere. Yeah. I mean I read all the time. Like reading is basically my entire life. It's what I want to do with my life because I want to be literary editor. So let's just reading all day. Um Pretty much reading replaces social interaction for me. Like I just don't I don't like the people, I just have my books.
SPEAKER_L: hey you don't get no friends and nothing.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I have friends but like you know just not as many as some people would. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like to kind of be by myself and do my own thing a lot, like I always say I'm an introvert with extroverted tendencies because I could I could talk to people, I could feel comfortable in any room, you know and all that, but I prefer to just kind of like do my own thing and and kind of be be quiet and whatever, you know, Unless I'm put in a situation where I have to. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: So what kind of music do you like?
SPEAKER_L: man, what kind of music don't I like? Okay, I don't like country. Well I like some alright, checking out of course everyone our age I think likes hip hop, but I don't like a lot of the radio stuff like I listened to a lot of underground um like sage Francis, let's say atmosphere idea. I don't know if you've heard of them.
SPEAKER_R: I have not but
SPEAKER_L: High School.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I also like a classic rock um and that's just some of those stations sometimes. Um I even like bob Dylan a little bit of folks.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of bob Dylan. I don't I don't do well with connecting names too, like across anything, what doesn't matter what it is, it's like an actor. I don't know what they are in. So but I've probably heard music by him. I just don't recognize what songs
SPEAKER_L: I felt,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm getting old because when I was younger everything used to be like, oh it has to be rap music, I don't want no singing on it and you know, just whatever I want. Thanks trap. But like as I'm growing older it's like I'm not into it no more. I mean if I found myself the other day listening to Celine Dion, well I was
SPEAKER_R: deficit
SPEAKER_L: just, you know, doing typing on my computer and I'm like six minutes into a song and I'm like, wow, I'm legit like grooving to this right now. This is the shit. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Anyways, I
SPEAKER_L: What about
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: think so. I should not have started that, but yeah, I mostly listen to like kind of soundtrack music. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I don't know exactly what the songs that actually have words in them are that I listen to, but I do listen to some songs that have words just not very I mostly like the kind of epic
SPEAKER_L: You like orchestra type stuff.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: Orchestra music. Do you like uh you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know with
SPEAKER_R: am
SPEAKER_L: the fellows and
SPEAKER_R: the only what you're saying.
SPEAKER_L: orchestra music, you know like with yellows and violins. I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: like classical music and orchestra and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: I was in I'm in Las Vegas, I was in the Las Vegas chamber orchestra all through high school and early in college I played the cello. I haven't played in probably 13 years, but I don't think it's something you forget,
SPEAKER_R: that's really
SPEAKER_L: you know. Yeah, I think it's one of the most sexy instruments there are.
SPEAKER_R: The cello. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: 100%. You listen to a cello and you tell me you're not loving it
SPEAKER_R: no, it's definitely the saxophone or piano. So
SPEAKER_L: channels. Alright. Do you play any instrument yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I used to play the piano but not anymore really. It's been longer than that for me like it's just, nope. Yeah, I never played it that well anyways that I can't read notes really. I mean I can, but it's really slow so I just played by ear always and my teacher was really annoyed with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You gotta do what works for you though at the end of the day. Yeah. I took piano lessons for probably about two or three months when I was a kid. Um I liked it but I enjoyed the cello more. It was kind of tough, you know the whole two handed thing with the piano, you know the bottom you're reading one type of cliff of music and the top you're reading like alto clef or whatever versus basic left. And it was hard for me to kind of pick it up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Like I tried to do string instruments when I was in middle school. They had us like go into a room and just like pick up different instruments and see like which ones we kind of were called to or whatever. And I tried the string instruments and my band teacher just like took it away and was like, no, that's,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: for you.
SPEAKER_R: clearly,
SPEAKER_L: That's hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: clearly
SPEAKER_L: Which which one did you pick out of curiosity?
SPEAKER_R: I think it was a violin or something. Yeah, it wasn't for me.
SPEAKER_L: our fingers are always way too fat to play a violin.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, I can't really played much of anything honestly, because I had a brain injury when I was a kid and so like my hands don't work like that really. But yeah, I mean, I was decent enough at the piano, just not like amazing. I wouldn't have been playing at Carnegie or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. So, tell me about, you said you had a brain injury, like how does that affect you on a day in your daily life?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So honestly, because I was so young when it happened, I don't really know the difference, but um I mean there's a lot that I assume is different and I do have a weakness on my right side. Um So I had to completely re wanting to do things with my left and then re re learn to do things with my right again once I was better. Um So I'm kind of ambidextrous, sort of a little bit
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: donna.
SPEAKER_L: pretty cool. I mean, it's not cool with situation, but it's cool to be able to struggle back and forth. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I get effects a lot like motor functioning um processing skills, like auditory processing, um Like mood swings, things like that. It's just like a lot of things, but I don't really know the difference because that's just been my entire life. So Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry to hear that, but
SPEAKER_R: I think it's a bad,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it looks like, you know, you're able to do everything normally for the most part. I mean, you're in college, obviously you're doing it, so
SPEAKER_R: It worked out actually. My doctor told my mother that they can't even tell what's wrong. Like if anything, if I lost anything because I was functioning above the level that I should be anyways. So they were just like, I don't know. I mean she's above what other Children are at right now, So it's like, did she lose something? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Who knows? Maybe you were supposed to be like Albert Einstein genius level and now you're just an above average smart girl.
SPEAKER_R: maybe. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't have wanted to be Albert transforming ones. That kind of would have sucked. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: super smart and no one understands
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: you and you can't deal with regular people because you like them. These guys are just stupid. I may go talk to a cocker wrote, you know what I'm saying?
SPEAKER_R: it's like you all are cockroaches.
SPEAKER_L: Bottom
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: line.
SPEAKER_R: the only human in the room.
SPEAKER_L: It's true. So you might have asked what part of the country in or what state you're in
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Kansas
SPEAKER_L: Kansas,
SPEAKER_R: so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what do they do out there Besides
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: being a tech nine concerts,
SPEAKER_R: This is going to what?
SPEAKER_L: check nine conference.
SPEAKER_R: I did not know what that is, but
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: Oh um I don't know. We ranch cows, like there's like two cows for every human in Kansas. That's
SPEAKER_L: It's what's funny is that's exactly what I would think when well when I think of, what do they do in Kansas? Oh throughout their milking cows,
SPEAKER_R: pretty much. Um That's in that's more western Kansas though, like western Kansas is like the farm east side and then eastern can I mean all of Kansas was farm but like Westerns really farm and then Eastern is where all the people actually live. Um And I live in a suburb, so it's really not any different from anywhere else. I'm not like rural Kansas, but uh yeah, there's not much to do in Kansas, honestly, I like it because it's peaceful, but there's like if you want to have opportunities, this is not it.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard place. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's really good cost of living though because the cost of living so low,
SPEAKER_L: Oh I bet like what's an average monthly rent there for like I say a two bedroom apartment,
SPEAKER_R: I paid $600. So
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's really good. Is that one or 2 bedroom?
SPEAKER_R: that was too,
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I had a roommate so.
SPEAKER_L: So out here I'm in Las Vegas um out here
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: used to like five years ago, it used
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: to be like let's say 900 to 1000 a month to get you like a real nice uh two bedrooms spot. I had a one bedroom maybe seven years ago for um 750 a month.
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: And a great part of town. Really nice hardwood floors, like legit spot Now. A regular two bedroom out here is probably like 12 or 1300. So the prices have gone up a lot over the past five years. Um We get the new radar stadium that they just built, you know, we've got our own football team, our hockey team. So the city is growing as the city's growing because of getting much more expensive. So it's uh it's kind of thoughts. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That was actually um one of our friends, well my sister and I, one of our friends lives in Rhode island and she's moving out here with us because it like sucks so bad in the east. Like it's so expensive to do Do anything, breathe and to pay $5
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: every time
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: you like exhale yer.
SPEAKER_L: Then you get taxed if you sneeze. Mm My cousin lives in Rhode island and yeah, she tells us all the time how expensive she got a job making like 80 grand a year. And I'm like, dude, that's great money, you're doing awesome. And she's like, no, I could barely afford to live. And I'm like, oh
SPEAKER_R: no, that's so bad. Like grand. A year in Kansas, you're you are a high roller like you are living in the mansions that we have. Like you're just Move sailing for $80,000 and that's not even really that much in other places. Like
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I make literally half that. And I feel like if I went to Kansas, like I would be legit, I'd be a baller.
SPEAKER_R: you would be
SPEAKER_L: All right, ladies
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: would love
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: person, you'd be like Ferrari.
SPEAKER_L: maybe I'll be walking around with chains on. Thank you. Rain.
SPEAKER_R: You don't like all the clubs and like all the, I don't know. I don't know what I was going with that.
SPEAKER_L: I would be the man. That's where you were going with that.
SPEAKER_R: that's where I was going.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. That's funny. Do you out do you work at all or you just a student full time?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just a student. I did work but my contract actually expired in july so that's why I'm doing this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I'm going, let me tell you the reason I'm doing this. I am an avid coin collector uh and fresh smell why I collect a lot of silver and that type of stuff. And girl that worked for us was like, oh, you should start doing surveys, blah blah blah blah and I never was like, I'm not going to waste my time doing that, you know? And then one day I was I was just thinking I was like, man, I should just do some surveys and like just by silver with it. So I figured like I would do them and I cash out every time it gets 50-100 and I buy a few corn coins, Morgan dollars or these dollars whatever. So it lowers my overall cost of my corn collecting. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: how long have you been doing this for?
SPEAKER_L: the survey things. Um I want to say three months, yep.
SPEAKER_R: I've only been doing it for about 1.5.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this is the most expensive one I've ever seen for this website. There's another website that will give you like 100 to 501st every survey, but you don't get picked as often. Um it's like very specific to your field of work or your whatever type of students who are like, you have to be a student studying this, this and this, you know, so um I rarely get those. I got him one time I got
SPEAKER_R: But that
SPEAKER_L: 100
SPEAKER_R: won't go
SPEAKER_L: It was cool. That gave me 150 Amazon gift card. Yeah, so that was cool. Got me some new shoes and a pair of pants. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: The world is so expensive.
SPEAKER_L: It really is. And when you're my size, I'm a big dude tell. So like everything
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I gotta pay for that extra fabric, you know, I wear a size 15 shoe and that was extra three or 4", like they really make you pay on those.
SPEAKER_R: They really, I mean just like in women's sizing anyways, I don't know how men sizing works, but in women's sizing, every size up is like four more dollars practically.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man, that's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: They just tack it on.
SPEAKER_L: I was actually, I bought some shoes the other night and I, they started at size 12 and size 12 was like 30 bucks. I was like, oh these are really nice shoes for super cheap. So I clicked size 15 and it went up to 67 I was like that's literally like double more than double the price of the original one. Like how could you do that for literally three more inches
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. They're punishing you for existing
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: calculus?
SPEAKER_R: someone who had 15 ft. That's the reason they're
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: fair.
SPEAKER_R: nope,
SPEAKER_L: It's just not fair. The world is not meant for big guys like me.
SPEAKER_R: the world to a certain extent wasn't really meant for anybody. I feel like that's immoral that you learn repeatedly as an adult.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You want to know life is a struggle, it costs money no matter what you do. Uh huh And you have to make an effort every day to be happy because it's not just going to happen on its own.
SPEAKER_R: and just fight the cynical wave that just slaps in the face every day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that this country is going crazy right now. It's extreme on both sides. I feel like, let me let me ask you this because I mean clearly you're a woman of color, so living in Kansas, but everything that's going on, um all this racism and
SPEAKER_R: It,
SPEAKER_L: black matter and then like the super conservatives, like everybody against everybody, how have things been for you? Do you deal with a lot of racism nowadays?
SPEAKER_R: I've always dealt with it. So really there's not, it doesn't, it didn't change any.
SPEAKER_L: Are you are you mixed or what are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm biracial, yah, I'm next,
SPEAKER_L: So like you're half white. Half black?
SPEAKER_R: Well that's one combination that I could be, but that does happen to be what I am. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well I don't mean to sound so general, I apologize.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's ok.
SPEAKER_L: is it tough? Like? Yeah. How do you explain, is it like a situation where you're not fully white and you're not fully black so you're not really accepted by either side? Does that, have you ever felt like that or how?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty much. That's just life story of mixed people in general. It's just like, I mean my sister actually had, she went she was working at target as a cashier and uh this black woman like came through the line and was buying like hair products and my sister was like, oh yeah, saying what about, you know, black women? Right. Um and she was like, you're not black? Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: people are so ignorant nowadays over everything.
SPEAKER_R: I got told in university in a class about diversity actually that I had to choose a side.
SPEAKER_L: What? Why,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they were yelling at me, they were like choose a style, like you have to, you can't just be both, like you have to choose. And my teacher was just like, like what do you even say to that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What do you say? I can't, I just be me, you know? That really sucks um out here in Las Vegas. Um I don't think we have racism as bad as a lot of countries I've been in texas and Houston texas and like there's a legit like KKK out there and like it's it's really bad, but I'm here in Vegas like I feel like there's so much diversity. Like growing up, I had two best friends, one Cuban and one block and we were always together, we grew up together. It's just how it was. You know, so like I didn't deal with a lot of racism and I didn't realize how big of a problem was until these past few years
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: because I know the older generation has always kind of been like that, but I didn't realize like how hard core was in some sense. You know, I didn't really look at it until a lot of these recent events.
SPEAKER_R: to certain extent is better, like in high population areas with like diverse and everything, but honestly not by a great margin. Like at least in this is just how I see it, at least in the south and like midwestern areas where it's like really homogeneous and super white At least like I know who my enemy is in those areas, but like out west and in the north and they'll pretend like there for you and then just still perpetuate all that and then still be like, I mean while you're still like, you know, you're still, you're still blocked.
SPEAKER_L: I get it. That sucks. Yeah. I'm sorry you got to deal with that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I got used to it just kind of sad to say, but also, I mean that's just reality.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it definitely is. You know what it's going to take some generations, but I'm sure it's in time, you know, it's gonna gonna do because
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: our age and even the generation younger than us, I think of generation Z you mentioned does the younger generation, I see them already a lot more open to people's different beliefs and uh colors and you know what if you're homosexual or not, like people don't care as much and the younger generations get the less they care about all that crap. And so I could see like several generations, maybe two or three generations on the road. I don't think it's going to be nearly as big an issue as it is today.
SPEAKER_R: And it's definitely gotten better. Like it's not like there hasn't been any progress whatsoever. It's just slow going and it's always like one step forward and then like to suspect. So yeah, I just, you have to be patient I suppose. Which is hard to do when you are like actively experiencing something horrible, luckily I've been mainly shielded from it because I'm not going to lie. I flipped a pretty privileged lifestyle. But um yeah, I guess we could die. We could all die and like the world could end before we actually get to that point. But I'm hoping that's not the case. Yeah. Good.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're gonna be all right. Takes time and be open minded.
SPEAKER_R: So you can leave if you want because we've now been on for 30 minutes. So
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, um here why don't you do this? No pressure at all. Why don't you take my email my number if you ever want to call or text me? More than welcome to my think you've been really
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: cool to talk to.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. You have the answer.
SPEAKER_L: muscle. So tell me when you're ready,
SPEAKER_R: I'm ready now.
SPEAKER_L: My email is 00 the two numbers and then mike M M. I. K. E. M. At gmail dot com. And I'm gonna shoot you myself. You ever want to text me and say Hello? It's 7:02.
SPEAKER_R: Well, no, I don't.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Don't do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People on here because the emails more like impersonal. I will email you though.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Yeah. You're more than welcome to and I won't be hurt if you don't. But I think you're cool person. You're school talking to you, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, thank you. And I will let you go now and
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: we can fill out our after survey thing.
SPEAKER_L: All right, honey. You take care of the safe. It was
SPEAKER_R: If you it was nice meeting you too. Bye. Yeah. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I'm just really awkward. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: even worry about it. You have a good night.