Hi hold on a second. I gotta get a light. I think
I would I just count on like two seconds ago.
Yeah. I was shopping on amazon. So
same same time.
I'm Hannah.
It's very nice to meet you too.
Uh That's a good question. Um And then Hannah immediately forgets her entire day. Um So I was working on, well university is going to be getting back in soon. Um And I was working on different things for like financial aid. I'm having to fight My university as one does. Um Working on writing, doing some shopping. Like I said I don't even know honestly. I was just. Uh huh.
What
do
you think?
All right. That sounds a little similar to koza which is like a search engine. But it
I use
that oil but
it
uh I mean I wouldn't say I'm not into it. Uh No just pollute the vicious. Which
it
I don't know. Um I'm into a lot of different things but I haven't been able to volunteer like donate as much as I wanted to recently
because of everything that's going on. Um I'm just trying to focus on school basically.
That's
whole
Yeah I'm gonna write that down really quick call them. Yeah
All right shall okay I'm back. Sorry that lovely. I went anywhere but I was in my notes.
So
Okay I'm studying english because I wanted to be a literary out ever. Um Sorry right now on yours too. Yeah so I'm studying english with uh concentration in writing. Um and I'm a senior so graduating this year. Yeah.
Okay a lot of things as long as it's not nonfiction really. I mean I like reading essays too and I guess that's nonfiction sometimes. Um mainly fantasy though.
everybody I have actually really gorgeous uh copies of his books, Miss Foreign.
I have the UK version and it's gorgeous and I love it. Um It was really hard to come by, it's like $30 on Amazon and now it's now it's now $60 if you're not in the UK obviously. Yeah
so really?
right. Yeah no I haven't
really got a chance to read much Brandon Sanderson but yeah a lot of people love him is already there.
Um so this isn't like super recent but I've always loved Rick Ryan because he is my favorite author um since I was really little um most recently Jay Kristoff and Amy Kaufman um I'm working on Never Night right now which is a trilogy, I don't know if you've heard of that, nah okay well jay Kristoff is really good. Um that's his series and I just got Girl serpent Store in which I have not read yet, but I'm planning to in the near future. Um I don't really keep track of a whole lot of authors, like I know their names when you say them, but I don't have them like in my brain. Oh
they're just going to have like a bunch of books and it's just, I don't know now really. The author is a lot of the time.
Every
and
have you ever, oh I thought of another one. I don't know who the author is, but have you ever read um Age of legends or no. Age of myth I think is what it's called.
I have to look at that author really quick, but it's a really good series. I love that one. I haven't finished it yet. It's Michael J. Sullivan. I just
It
j
Michael J Sullivan. It's age of myth.
The
first one. Yeah.
I have not. Oh,
that's
a waste of several hours before it gets good and there's no guarantee it's even gonna get good, so yeah.
Okay. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's it's like that for honestly, I have a I'm really fast. I'm a really fast Reiter um I'm not great at talking sorry about that, but
yeah, I said hours because that's what it would take me, so.
yeah, sorry, I'm so perfect.
I mean, part of the reason I read so fast is because I have a really like addictive personality. So like once I start a book, if I like it even a little bit, I will not stop reading it until like I won't eat, I won't sleep so. Yeah. Okay.
And more people read than you would think. Um Mhm. The like millennials read actually they had read more than the prior generation but like gen z or whatever is sadly reading less and there's a lot of reasons for that. But there still are a lot of readers. It's just like not as many.
everywhere. Yeah. I mean I read all the time. Like reading is basically my entire life. It's what I want to do with my life because I want to be literary editor. So let's just reading all day. Um Pretty much reading replaces social interaction for me. Like I just don't I don't like the people, I just have my books.
I mean I have friends but like you know just not as many as some people would. Yeah.
So what kind of music do you like?
I have not but
that's cool.
I've heard of bob Dylan. I don't I don't do well with connecting names too, like across anything, what doesn't matter what it is, it's like an actor. I don't know what they are in. So but I've probably heard music by him. I just don't recognize what songs
you
deficit
Anyways, I
don't
think so. I should not have started that, but yeah, I mostly listen to like kind of soundtrack music. Um
and I don't know exactly what the songs that actually have words in them are that I listen to, but I do listen to some songs that have words just not very I mostly like the kind of epic
what
I
am
the only what you're saying.
like
like classical music and orchestra and stuff like that.
that's really
The cello. Yeah,
no, it's definitely the saxophone or piano. So
I used to play the piano but not anymore really. It's been longer than that for me like it's just, nope. Yeah, I never played it that well anyways that I can't read notes really. I mean I can, but it's really slow so I just played by ear always and my teacher was really annoyed with me.
Like I tried to do string instruments when I was in middle school. They had us like go into a room and just like pick up different instruments and see like which ones we kind of were called to or whatever. And I tried the string instruments and my band teacher just like took it away and was like, no, that's,
you
know,
clearly,
clearly
I think it was a violin or something. Yeah, it wasn't for me.
Yeah. Oh, I can't really played much of anything honestly, because I had a brain injury when I was a kid and so like my hands don't work like that really. But yeah, I mean, I was decent enough at the piano, just not like amazing. I wouldn't have been playing at Carnegie or something. Yeah.
Okay. So honestly, because I was so young when it happened, I don't really know the difference, but um I mean there's a lot that I assume is different and I do have a weakness on my right side. Um So I had to completely re wanting to do things with my left and then re re learn to do things with my right again once I was better. Um So I'm kind of ambidextrous, sort of a little bit
donna.
And I get effects a lot like motor functioning um processing skills, like auditory processing, um Like mood swings, things like that. It's just like a lot of things, but I don't really know the difference because that's just been my entire life. So Yeah,
I think it's a bad,
It worked out actually. My doctor told my mother that they can't even tell what's wrong. Like if anything, if I lost anything because I was functioning above the level that I should be anyways. So they were just like, I don't know. I mean she's above what other Children are at right now, So it's like, did she lose something? I don't know.
maybe. I don't know.
I wouldn't have wanted to be Albert transforming ones. That kind of would have sucked. Yeah.
Hey.
it's like you all are cockroaches.
I'm
the only human in the room.
I'm in Kansas
so Yeah.
What?
This is going to what?
I did not know what that is, but
Oh um I don't know. We ranch cows, like there's like two cows for every human in Kansas. That's
pretty much. Um That's in that's more western Kansas though, like western Kansas is like the farm east side and then eastern can I mean all of Kansas was farm but like Westerns really farm and then Eastern is where all the people actually live. Um And I live in a suburb, so it's really not any different from anywhere else. I'm not like rural Kansas, but uh yeah, there's not much to do in Kansas, honestly, I like it because it's peaceful, but there's like if you want to have opportunities, this is not it.
It's really good cost of living though because the cost of living so low,
I paid $600. So
that was too,
yeah, I had a roommate so.
What?
Well.
Well.
That was actually um one of our friends, well my sister and I, one of our friends lives in Rhode island and she's moving out here with us because it like sucks so bad in the east. Like it's so expensive to do Do anything, breathe and to pay $5
every time
you like exhale yer.
no, that's so bad. Like grand. A year in Kansas, you're you are a high roller like you are living in the mansions that we have. Like you're just Move sailing for $80,000 and that's not even really that much in other places. Like
you would be
Just
one
person, you'd be like Ferrari.
You don't like all the clubs and like all the, I don't know. I don't know what I was going with that.
that's where I was going.
I'm just a student. I did work but my contract actually expired in july so that's why I'm doing this. Yeah.
Thanks.
how long have you been doing this for?
I've only been doing it for about 1.5.
But that
won't go
The world is so expensive.
It
They really, I mean just like in women's sizing anyways, I don't know how men sizing works, but in women's sizing, every size up is like four more dollars practically.
They just tack it on.
Absolutely. They're punishing you for existing
As
someone who had 15 ft. That's the reason they're
just
like,
nope,
the world to a certain extent wasn't really meant for anybody. I feel like that's immoral that you learn repeatedly as an adult.
and just fight the cynical wave that just slaps in the face every day. Yeah.
It,
I've always dealt with it. So really there's not, it doesn't, it didn't change any.
I'm biracial, yah, I'm next,
Well that's one combination that I could be, but that does happen to be what I am. Yeah,
no, it's ok.
Yeah, pretty much. That's just life story of mixed people in general. It's just like, I mean my sister actually had, she went she was working at target as a cashier and uh this black woman like came through the line and was buying like hair products and my sister was like, oh yeah, saying what about, you know, black women? Right. Um and she was like, you're not black? Oh my God.
I got told in university in a class about diversity actually that I had to choose a side.
Yeah, they were yelling at me, they were like choose a style, like you have to, you can't just be both, like you have to choose. And my teacher was just like, like what do you even say to that?
Well,
to certain extent is better, like in high population areas with like diverse and everything, but honestly not by a great margin. Like at least in this is just how I see it, at least in the south and like midwestern areas where it's like really homogeneous and super white At least like I know who my enemy is in those areas, but like out west and in the north and they'll pretend like there for you and then just still perpetuate all that and then still be like, I mean while you're still like, you know, you're still, you're still blocked.
yeah, I got used to it just kind of sad to say, but also, I mean that's just reality.
Well.
And it's definitely gotten better. Like it's not like there hasn't been any progress whatsoever. It's just slow going and it's always like one step forward and then like to suspect. So yeah, I just, you have to be patient I suppose. Which is hard to do when you are like actively experiencing something horrible, luckily I've been mainly shielded from it because I'm not going to lie. I flipped a pretty privileged lifestyle. But um yeah, I guess we could die. We could all die and like the world could end before we actually get to that point. But I'm hoping that's not the case. Yeah. Good.
So you can leave if you want because we've now been on for 30 minutes. So
Well,
thank you. You have the answer.
I'm ready now.
Well, no, I don't.
Yeah. People on here because the emails more like impersonal. I will email you though.
Yeah. Well, thank you. And I will let you go now and
we can fill out our after survey thing.
If you it was nice meeting you too. Bye. Yeah. Yeah. So
I'm just really awkward. Yeah.
Fine.