Hi there.
I'm good, how are you?
So what, what's your name?
I'm
Alison. Yeah, it's nice to meet you
southern California, like Orange County area. Where are you from?
That's awesome. Yeah, different time zones.
Yeah. Yeah, I just got done observing. I'm in a teaching credential program, so I've been observing like an online school.
Yeah, so I just got out of that and logged right on so
was
I know.
And
Yeah, fun, fun stuff. I was actually diagnosed autistic when I was 11, so I, I know what your son is going through. I was never a behavior problem or anything, but just the anxiety of going to school was, it was really intense and
I even homeschooled for um 7th and 8th grade because it was just, I couldn't be there, you know?
it really
is.
you
won't,
high school. So I'm observing freshmen and seniors this year.
Yeah because it's um they're all part of this thing called a marketing and business academy so they're all um like they want to be part of this program that's going to help them see their subjects from like a business standpoint.
Um Yeah and it's uh it's a title one school so there's like a lot going on. Um So the so the 12th graders are actually it's an ap class and most of those kids have never been in an ap or honors or accelerated anything before so they're really getting their their first you know taste of that kind of that kind of
class.
Yeah and I remember I took some ap classes in high school and um they were kind of different from what college ended up being um
like you're kind of babysat a little more in the A. P. Classes were in college, it's like here's the syllabus here's your assignments go.
and
Yeah and in California um you are I don't every state is different but California you're required to go to school until you're 18 so.
Yeah like here you can't even like drop out earlier, anything like
you
are.
they go after you and they're actually allowed to also go after your parents. Um Your parents can get fined or put in jail for um not sending your kid to school which is not great.
I know.
No.
I
know.
I was just
gonna say like my my fiancee's mom just went through this because she you know
she grew up in a time where
you didn't have to go to school until you're 18 and so she she dropped out and didn't get her diploma or anything and she worked a very successful career for many years and then she decided to um to leave and just be like a stay at home mom for a while, then she needed to go back to work for like financial reasons. And um no one would hire her despite her decades of experience because she didn't have the high school diploma, so she she went back and got her GED
and.
No,
like if you asked me to take like an algebra class today, I wouldn't pass it.
is this stuff?
okay. Yeah, I'm I'm going into teaching english, so like that's that's my whole thing. Um I'd like to also teach theater at some point, but uh we don't actually have a specific credential for that in California. Um
Other states do, but California doesn't, you have to teach english?
like my my Bachelor's is in theater so.
it can
be brutal.
okay. Ah It's kind of the kid's fault.
Well
why
would you give him a c.
No
it really is.
Oh no, no, no. Yeah. Just
just let
them do
it over there.
Yeah. You just clean it right up.
It's
very
hot
there.
and out.
I get
that.
gosh.
Pretty outgoing, but not not as much as like the midwest, like in in California you do kind of um
like make small talk a little more than in other places. Um And you know, people smile a lot here. I I don't know, it is what the weather is, Something that we just smile a lot.
I'd like to be somewhere slightly cooler cause like I'm looking
at
right now, it's it's 95 outside and
I
I
don't have working air conditioning so.
but I kind of, you know, you acclimated to it a little bit but
we had a heat wave the other months I think it was last month. Um it was like 117 outside.
It really is and you
know,
it doesn't,
you
can't
do anything.
No, it's not.
sounds great
a little better. Yeah.
little bit ah just because I I live in Orange County um which is a very different like culture pocket than the rest of so cal um ah so we have, you know, all these restrictions and everything because, you know, covid spreading. Um we have like a colored tier system going on and people are so angry that Disneyland isn't open and um, people are freaking out about it. They, but they don't go out with their masks on. They, there's been like rallies in multiple cities where people are like, you're not going to make any where a mask. And I'm just like, this is why this
is why
Disneyland
isn't open. Yeah.
Yeah.
I feel you. I feel
you.
No.
And it's just like if you want to live in a society, sometimes you have to
live
by certain rules. Yeah.
no. That's so bad.
No,
it's
not
Well,
That's how are ours is to like. Mhm. Yeah. We have to have like declining numbers or steady numbers for 14 days in order to move into the
next year. It's just
not
happening.
It is and it's kind of sad like Um my so my fiance has a little sister who's um she just turned 13 And you know she's right in the prime of like I need to be around my friends 24/7 and she's having a really hard time with it. And you know, she'll she'll call us and ask like, hey can I come over and we have to go sorry like.
No, there
is no answer.
And
you know, it's probably not gonna things are gonna get better until there's like a reliable vaccine that everyone is taking. And yeah. And then some people will go there. Well, I don't want to take a vaccine. I don't trust big pharma and then that it all spirals out of control.
Bill
me too. Yeah.
That's
scary.
It is yeah. And especially like for me um going into teaching it's like what if all the students aren't vaccinated?
Oh that's crazy.
Oh my gosh. Yeah.
I know. Yeah.
Like
I
wished the same thing for myself because I had a really bad experience with because I had an I. E. P. Growing up um The district was so bad about it. Um They were not giving me things that were in my I. P.
They
were
and
they
yeah and they were not wanting to give me any more accommodations desperately needed and
they kind of treated me really badly. I had to get like a legal advocate to come to my IP meetings with
me
and my mom. Yeah,
because
otherwise
they just step all over us because we don't know the laws.
And like
that's kind of the reason why I want to go into education is because I want to make a difference
and I I want to change the system and show that there are people who actually care especially about kids with disabilities, like
and
it's so sad.
Thank you. All right.
it's
very expensive.
they do. Yeah.
Yeah. No, and I think we're gonna be seeing the effects of this on all of the kids in the public schooling system for
years. Yeah, it's going to be years that there's just gonna be
skills and knowledge and that they just didn't get because they couldn't
or
Absolutely. Yeah. And
you know it really sounds like you're trying to do the best you can buy your kids and I just think that's really great.
Yes, I consider myself pretty patient.
I I'm the opposite where I'm totally fine with the idea of teaching, but I I don't want kids of my own so
you know.
No.
And
you
know, I'll
have
like 100
of them at school.
I.
that's
so many.
That's
that's
true.
That's very true. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Thank you very much. That means a lot to me and I really hope that you and your kids continue to do as well as you can during this time.
You
too