Hi
Right,
yep I can hear you just fine,
I'm
good, how are you doing?
good for you. I oh sorry I I was supposed to work out, I ended up taking a nap today so I just woke up
well good for you, I'm Jenelle by the way, it's nice to meet you.
victor. All right, where are you from?
Oh that's awesome, I've only been to chile once. Uh my mom's friend naked, I was so uh
you know we kind
of
no I do not uh I didn't get to grow up around my family, my father was a military so we had to move around a whole bunch
so
I didn't get to grow up in my family trying to though I'm in college right now so yeah
yep I live up near Canada uh in Wisconsin. Oh
that's cool
walk.
Oh wow, good for
you so got here
everything shut
down
All right well it hasn't hasn't affected us that much thankfully so I'm glad I hope it hasn't affected you very much.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you're doing okay.
All
what?
my
I would imagine I mean it's been tough we haven't been able to contact some of our family members down in Nicaragua because of you know the whole political landscape down there and with the whole covid situation now everything's kind of you know just not good.
Well what are you studying
Why
shit down? Yeah.
Yeah. Well I hope you get to you know present your thesis and everything I know that's very important.
I,
no.
What?
Well yeah.
Oh that's good.
that's good. That's awesome.
Yeah I bet I completely understand. I I quit my job back late january, like I think it was like maybe the first day of february and then everything started shutting down um at the end of the month and I felt really bad because you know, I just quit and I was going to go find another job, you know, didn't really find that the at least I was still going to school, so you know I have I
uh yeah I finished my term. Um we're supposed to go back to school, they say that we're having in person classes still but I doubt that's going to continue.
Uh the city is about 45 minutes away from here, I'm setting electrical engineering. Yeah, so
it's okay.
Software
junior between
there,
yeah, I'm going to my junior year, yep,
yep. 30 year, oh
or there's one more year after this year, so I still have like 2 4 years ago.
yep, I get my Bachelor's at the end of that. Um and then I go to work and then I can get my master's degree.
What
sometimes it's not you don't have to uh I know a lot of people if they end up wanting to be like a senior engineer or uh you know ahead of the project, they get their master's degree but it's usually not required to, so
like.
man,
what
work?
Oh wow. Yeah. That's intense. Yeah.
yep.
I think it's it might be kind of like that here in the states to I think it takes about 10-12 years and total to become a doctor. So
First you have to get your bachelors and then you have to uh pass the M cat and get accepted and then I think that's another four years and then you have to do your residency and then after you're dead and see I think you can become a doctor. I don't know, I'm very iffy on that, so. Oh
yeah but you're getting your doctor so you know that's awesome. Good for you. I think that I don't think I could ever give my doctor. It's so.
I completely understand. I don't think that never goes away.
Uh
that's
that's amazing. I struggle so much with physics except for circuits. So good for you.
What,
I understand. I think a lot of schools I know here in the United States, a lot of schools require you have to go through internships or uh they call them co ops where you work and you go to school at the same time uh in order to graduate now. So I know I have to so you can't just study the entire time, you actually have to go out into the workforce and you know
show
that
you can be good,
Which I kind of like, it makes me see like whether I want to do this or not, it's not too bad.
What
in my free time I have two dogs uh in a cat, so I usually walk my dogs around. Uh I have a little Australia Australian shepherd and black lab mix and I do a lot of training with her so she knows a lot of tricks
and have since quarantine, there's not, I can't really go out and do much anymore, I like roller skating. Uh I don't know, I kind of been staying home I croce and you know
I just do a little crochet, yep,
like knitting um
that
was yard similar,
Your English is way better than my Spanish, so you're already doing 10
times
better than me?
the United States, well
I've seen a lot of people get by without, you know, speaking, I've lived all over the United States, so um you know, down in san Diego, like half the people I knew only spoke spanish rather than english, so you know,
let me out,
that can be very hard, yeah, I live uh this is the first time where I've lived, where there's no second languages spoken, so it's very awkward for me, so I don't know uh because uh usually it's called Spanglish where people speak a mix of spanish and english, so yeah, a lot of people speak Spanglish everywhere I come up here and I say some words and they're like what does that mean, I'm like oh what's never mind, and I can't even speak full spanish, yeah,
so
well
bye,
you should uh I was gonna say go on forums online and you can practice your english there like speaking
what?
well
yeah, I I understand that I never liked english too much growing up, uh well what do you like to do in your free time? Uh huh.
that's
good,
I should I could learn to learn a musical instrument
you know enough to hold a tune, so,
you
don't
have the patience to sit there
and you know practice and everything, you just want to go ahead and do it.
Oh man, I know, I've ever since I was little, I've always wanted to grow up uh, to learn to play instruments or singing or something. I'm a terrible singer. I can't play any instrument. My parents were never, you know, into music or anything like that, which I, I wish they were, but I, I was putting like math competitions. Yeah, so that's what I grew up doing most of the time. It's not exactly exciting.
but
that,
that's just,
that's, I really enjoyed that about living in the United States, you know, going, I'm not sure. Did you go to this restaurant and here in the States or back in chile.
Back to
Britain.
Like,
that's so cute. Yeah, there's, I love going to uh, the little communities in big cities. Uh, I really like food a lot. I love trying foreign cuisine. I wish I could travel a lot more. My mom used to take us down to central America, you know like Costa rica and all that all the time when we were younger. Uh So and then my dad used to bring home stuff whenever he went overseas to Asia and everything. I've always wanted to go to Korea and all that. But the closest I can always get is you know downtown Minneapolis so it's not too bad
please.
What
is that?
I'll wait.
I
remember going to Nicaragua. We used to live up to $200 up here would last us two months down there so you know
that's
that's
I
feel like a lot of people track your whole life nowadays on the internet so. Yeah.
you
are,
that is, that's awesome, you travel around a lot, don't you,
Oh it's very small.
I would imagine,
I bet I want to go to europe, I've been all up and down, you know, the Americas haven't been to Canada yet and I only live like a couple hours away from the border, so I gotta go do that one day when all this is over,
Winnipeg would be the closest one. Yeah, so one day I kind of hope I really want to live in either, I've always wanted to immigrate to Canada or New Zealand the cool places like that, you know, I like the United States, but I don't know, I kind of like the colder climates a bit better.
Yeah, I don't
think so, but it's a nice climate, I do like, I've always wanted to live in san Diego my whole life. It's very beautiful there. The climate is awesome. It's never humid, it's never too hot, it's never too cold. However it is very expensive to live there.
it's
beautiful.
I highly recommend it.
that's awesome.
Mhm
Crowd that sounds nice though. I I like the I love I love warm climates that's completely dry with like no snow or anything. I would love the desert. I love the living in the desert but I also really like snow. I like going out in it and my dogs love it too so.
Yeah.
Hey.
what's this? Mhm.
Oh man I would love to go. I always love going down to south America and central America. I always thought so beautiful. So she costa rica and I feel like everybody loves Costa rica. Yeah.
Uh Kind of like a tropical climate.
I can relax, no worries, enjoy yourself kind of thing, yep. Oh yeah Costa rica it's beautiful. I could go there and you know spend all my time there just relaxing. Uh I have a couple aunts that live there so
No we every time we went to Mexico is always in Tijuana which isn't you know the safest city ever. Uh
it's very safe in like the middle of the city but the outskirts it's awful because it's so close to the border a lot of people use it. Uh traffic drugs you know so you know they traffic people as well so we usually didn't go there too often,
we always the southern uh I always I always enjoyed like the southern part of Mexico the best. So
I'd love to go,
hot,
that sounds normal.
You can
you
could cook an egg on the sidewalk.
The equinox, yep.
You're were you in the fall part of the, maybe? I don't know your, it was just it was like the season, are you talking about who made that smaller? Didn't mean to make it smaller. I can't even remember the word, I know what you're trying to say.
Yeah. The season, The season. Yeah.
Well that's awesome.
that's awful.
Moment.
Well that's that's good but that's it just sounds awful. You're so excited about something. Oh man I wouldn't, it's like uh we went to an air show one day. Military loves flying planes all the
time, especially during the summer that they do it for fun just to show off right here and uh my dad would always take us to the uh playing shows and it was awful, especially when it was windy or rainy and but when it was sunny, it was awesome to see, you know, like them go super fast and you can feel the force on it. But no, every time we went, it was like half the time it would rain and it would suck. So, you know,
No, well I do have to go now because I do have dinner with my in laws at 8:00. So yeah, so it was nice talking to you.
Mhm. I hope you have a great day. Yeah. Mm hmm.
All right, chao