Hello?
Hi, can you give me a sec please? Uh huh.
Yeah. All right. You hear? All right. I mean
okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. How
are you?
Good. I was running you know just uh
Okay. So it doesn't making yet. No, I was like rushing you know? Um I got out of work and I dragged here I got out like wash my hands and I hit my my my face all that stuff you know like cohen prevention and then and then I came here um
you know, nice to meet you. I'm victor.
I'm from chile.
Your
mama
From Nicaragua. Okay cool. Do you speak spanish?
Your
mobile?
Are you you you are indistinct. Right
okay. With nothing. You're a leader. Yeah. I'm currently now living in Maryland. Yeah,
it has been nice. I mean well
you know we arrived uh Americ uh We we arriving by my wife, she's studying a master in in U. And D. Um And we are right here in january, you know so
well
I mean we have been like I don't know like mountain a house before the pandemic and then like all
the
yeah has been weird you know. Uh huh.
No I mean it has I mean not to us but to our family in chile you know who have uh I have two uncles that they died you know from Kobe. Uh huh.
Yeah I mean yeah
they were not so close,
so close uncles but you know I mean my wife, grand grand grand ka uh he passed away too and you know
her grandma and her uncle that that is one of the there their sons right? They were hospitalized you know like a lot of time they got better but it was like I mean they were like really really bad at the hospital.
it has been hard. I mean uh I was you know I had a trip planned to chile. I am m a PhD students and
uh I'm studying in chile uh I'm I'm a candidate you know? Um I get got stuck in this whole thesis situation. I have like stuff for years and I was like finally
like getting ready to do the defense, I was going to travel there back in March but everything was shut down
and uh well then I don't know, it has to be like in a in a mental health way you know? And and it's a complicated situation. Yeah so but I mean we are we're moving we're moving forward. Uh
Yeah. Yeah I hope I hope I can like because then I
like shut down that
that that stuff like a little bit and try to
do some other stuff.
Also because I had like a lot of problems here with my paperwork. So I could have been able to work like until, I don't know, like two or three weeks. Um Now I'm working. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. Working as a shopper in in whole foods. Mm
It's nice. Uh the Bruins, yeah. I mean it's a little exposed in some sense, but I'm trying to find another kind of job, but in the meantime, it's really nice to, you know, get something right.
you could, you could finish your your term.
Yeah. So, and you study like in the same place that you live or you study.
Amira.
And uh, okay. Um, and you're in your, how do you say this? Uh, freshman sophomore? Not
yet.
But, but
that
okay. That that's your third year. Right.
And that that is like the or is supposed to be the end or or.
Okay. Um And then when you when you get that you get the bachelor. Right.
Okay. Uh But normally
if you if you do like some kind of engineering, normally people do a master in something, right? Or or in the summer.
Yeah. It's it's a little bit different than in chile until a career. Like
used to uh take like a matter of time. And and usually you you start
your
career
like making a decision uh and then you have to carry around. For example injuring in general there were like six years of studying.
Or I don't know like for example med school, uh you start from the beginning like like uh being a med student uh
when you have a seven years just for like a general met Medicine degree. And then you have to do specialties like for three or four or five years more.
Yeah. But you have to do like different processes, right? I mean you.
Uh
Yeah. I don't know I mean Yeah, the thing is I don't know what to do, I mean uh but I mean with my life I think that you did not.
Yeah, it doesn't uh Yeah, but I mean I don't know what I want to do with my professional life, I don't and I don't know, I don't know really. Um because I think that I don't want to to pursue an academic career. Yeah, but in some sense in chile when you do a doctorate, it's kind of difficult like to um like to get like to get a position in a professional job. I mean people I don't know, they are like very traditionalist with with with certain careers or stuff for example. Uh
Well I studied physics as my as my bachelor in
the
Yeah. Yeah but I mean uh it's it's weird because it's a very hard
career like to but but in some sense uh then uh most of the jobs they don't want physicists, right? They they want like I don't know like engineers or like um how to say this business or administration uh degrees, you know? Um So it's kind of hard like to to show that you're used to not just that you went through something difficult but let
and I think that's
very much
because
yeah because also you you made make your mind like like how how how are real work is going to be about right, wow.
and what what
things you like to do in your free time?
Well
what
like
okay, let
him
yeah, yeah, that's the that's the verb, you know my english is a little bit rusty because
I don't
know,
I mean I mean it's because we have been here right and and one of the things that we expected was to speak a lot of english because I mean you're living
but
and what I mean yeah, it's a little bit tricky. I mean I remember like like going to new york for the first time and I was like really surprised because I thought that I don't know in florida like the Miami
or like in I don't know like in san Diego right? I thought yeah, probably many people will speak spanish but in new york like I guess like every person that I have to speak with, I started like speaking in english and I ended up speaking them in spanish because they came back with
I mean the thing is we
haven't like met properly.
Like I mean the only people that we have met in here are people who speak spanish as us. So we don't get to we don't get to use the english, you know? And especially, especially what I mean, especially in in like more deep conversations, right? I mean because yeah, you're going you're going to buy something.
I mean you use some things but it's limited, right? And I was
I think yeah, especially especially the spoke in english,
you know, because I mean write in english, it stops not an issue in general, but we'll speak.
It's like it's tricky sometimes,
Well, I'd like to um I like to play the guitar. Uh like I like that a lot. Um It's sad because you know, one of the things that is like especially like dangerous with this covid thing is like singing like with other people, right? But uh we we we do like a lot of singing with my with my wife, you know, we play
and
that has been like very nice like.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's nice to know that I learned when I was a kid. I mean another lesson, right? So um and then and then you get like some certain kind of level and then I mean I don't think that I'm like a very good guitar player, but I mean it's enough like to to do this. How do you say this? Uh Oh in English is a campfire songs like you know like like I'm like a campfire guitarist, you know? And and it's
Yeah. Yeah and because then then you you can like learn new songs and new stuff and and and you have to learn like a little bit more but you have like the base knowledge you know and that is hard to uh you have to to surface like a first barrier that is like hard and then you start like getting fun and like doing things but that first step it's hard and and when you're an adult I think it's harder because you want like results like right away. You don't have like much time or like
you
know
what?
Yeah. And you don't want to do like things where you are going to became frustrated in in the first the first time.
Yeah. But I don't know uh if you if you I mean you can like uh also enjoy like uh music right? Without how played. Um I don't know that that
things
like that thing like it's very nice to me to like to to know different musics. Sometimes for example I like to do this thing in uh in Spotify like putting I don't know like we are things like well like I remember once like Ethiopian jazz for example, I was like a you know a whole world of things and it was like really nice. Um I remember I remember
I get into that because I went to an Ethiopian restaurant once. I was like I remember like there were like music and it was like really uh nice, nice. It's I think it's super nice like to have this opportunity to to travel like to other places or like to get to know other things from other places like um.
Uh No here in the States knowing here in in boston. But but yeah I mean but here here uh in this neighborhood uh well not in the other um the city next to next to here when when when we arrived we live first in Takoma Park and now we're living in high school. So um there were like a very
big
Ethiopian community. They have like I
don't know like business with this America uh characters and stuff. I mean it was like uh like a legal Ethiopia sport.
Yeah but I mean I don't know uh
I like
to travel
a lot also. Uh and I mean you have to take your chances. I mean obviously this is the best time to travel to. Uh
But I don't know I think that I don't know uh here you have the the advantage that you are like very well connected with. I mean everywhere in the world right? And and also uh um you can like um get some cheap tickets to some places and they're like a lot of places that are like I mean with with with the wages and the money here. I mean you you can go to another country and like be rich with like very few money. I mean how the east Asia or even south America. I mean I don't recommend you tilly because maybe the most progressive country like
what?
and
it's
like and it's like uh you can do like a lot of things and like go to a lot of places that I remember I was um I have this thing in google that they well they track you like your whole life. Yeah but they're they're living right
now.
Yeah definitely. But I have this tracking thing from google that tracks you, where have you been and then they send you like an email with uh I don't know like in this month you were like in I don't know like 10 different places, you were like in two countries or whatever. And And the other day we will like send me an email like from my general history and they told me like I have been in 18 countries. I was like wow, I have been
in other
places. I mean
Yeah, yeah, I like it. But yeah, the thing is uh when you go to some places it's easier like to to go this number up, right? I mean if you go to europe for example, I went to europe once, like 2.5 weeks And I was into I don't know like eight or 9 countries. So uh
yeah uh and it also it was like a very um uh rushed trip, I was like running from one place to another and yeah and I didn't like that that much, I mean I prefer like to travel like in a little more relaxed way. Uh huh.
Yeah, but it was also like super cool, I mean like
yeah uh you're like close to what sitting Canada like maybe winning product.
Yeah Canada the Phillies scholar but new Zealand I guess. Not that much right
or
san Diego. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's I've never been there but yeah
it
works.
Yeah I guess I guess. And also um yeah because in chile, we we have kind of like a similar climate to California in some part of chile, you know?
Yeah we have this mediterranean climate where you have like hot summers and dry bottom, dry summers, you have like uh
mild winters with and and the rain. It's in winter. You know it raised in winter and it never rains in summer. Mm.
Yeah. No snow. It's uh it's very beautiful. I mean in in telling you we do have snow like a lot because we have the mountains right? In the mountains. I mean in santiago where where I came from, I have seen snowing like twice in my life. Yeah
like never snows and when when it happens you know it's like a big big big thing. I mean like everyone is like uh
like you know.
It's like super super um It's a whole novelty.
think. I think so. It's like it's like a country with how do they say like like this uh colavita? Um
No no no. I mean they have like a like a slogan, like a saying like they say you're a villa, it's like, I don't know in some sense like Hakuna Matata, right, Like right.
Yeah, I think it's very nice. And also I don't know, I've never been in Costa rica. What I've been in the caribbean, it's uh well Mexico and cuba and and Guatemala also once. Yeah.
I mean I've never been there but they say it like a lot about Ebola.
Yeah, I guess I guess it might be become like a little scarier. Uh Yeah.
Yeah, I've only been in in Mexico city and in Cancun and these uh these places like new york Cancun teaching, it's uh it's very very beautiful, but
but it's like I mean the I went in september and the thought in there, it was like I mean they were like 46 hour uh Celsius, I don't know how much that is in my height. Uh
Uh it was like 115 where
I was like terrible because
it
was
Yeah. Yeah, it was like uh what? Uh just by chance because I was there in in a conference right? Uh The day that we went there was September 21 and this is um the um the fall equinox. Uh
think so. That's the word.
Yeah, like changing from summer to uh for um
so, so the thing is uh it was supposed that the sun and the pyramids were going to uh form a shadow with these equinox, right? Like
Yeah, it was like super as we were like, Oh, waiting for this thing. You know, it happens. I don't know like 6:30 For example PM. There were like, it was like 6:25 and suddenly, you know, like a lot of clouds and start raining. We couldn't see the thing. It was
I don't remember what. Yeah, but it was fun. I mean in
the end.
Dead.
that's not nice.
nice talking to you, too.
Right