Hello?
Good,
how are you?
My pets can play in the background.
that's
Me.
I'm sorry I'm still in my jammies.
I
just made breakfast
so
no mountain time. Yeah
it's nine.
I'm very cool. Um
I guess we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes.
Yeah.
that works
okay cool. My husband's from New Jersey. My name is Naomi. I'm from new york but we're living in colorado. Yeah.
Queens. Yeah
cool. Um
Let's see I made a french omelet for breakfast
so it's currently sitting on the counter top and my cats pissed. She's like I want food. No I gave her food. She's um she's upset because it's not raw food so.
so
decision.
this
is her her name is Deena.
Yes and um she's 4.5. Yeah
she's
turning five in january.
Okay cool, awesome. That's like the perfect age. Yeah they're not kittens anymore
but there's still playful.
All right let's see what else. It's kind of weird when you're like told you have to talk for like
X.
Number of times or um yeah I've done this like I think this is my fifth time and no one's ever showed up so so I was like uh might like let me see if someone actually shows up. So when I started I was like oh there's an actual human on the other side. Mhm.
Yeah I'm really lucky I've done it so many times. No one's ever showed up but I'm just like I don't even think this is real. Yes.
Yeah for work I'm assuming
there
was
this.
cool. I don't mean to pry I'm just
nothing nothing
going
on
Yeah. Um So my husband was in the military and straight from university we um were sent to Louisiana where we lived for about 4.5 years and then he got out and we he took a job in Atlanta and I don't really like the south.
Thanks.
this
work
is position.
Yeah I was not, I was not happy and we've you know obviously priced out of new york so we can't go back home. Um So my husband was like hey what about you know the west coast and was like I don't really like California been there, don't care for it. Um And we they compromise were like hey like Denver's pretty cool like let's move to Denver
and we're like yeah sure. Uh huh.
Shit.
Yeah see if we like it like let's see
this seems kind of nice.
Um Yeah we we've traveled a lot, we've traveled quite a bit and then um we were talking about moving last year and um Covid kind of happened and what kind of sped up our stuff and we were just like or I was super unhappy in Atlanta and then um are least was coming up so we were just like yeah, now as the time there is no better time to move than when no one can
do like
ask.
It's
not.
There's
That's awesome.
I
hope you call
like
just at the peak. Mhm.
What part of Jersey are you from?
Okay. Yeah, I have no clue.
My husband's from Northern Jersey. Yeah. So like is that like Bergen County?
Yeah, that's where he's from. So I know a little bit. Not that much.
I assume so. I mean everything on the east coast is so small and then um you like start going west and it's just like nothing,
it's interesting um so I don't know if it's because of where we're living and like so many people have come here, we can like the last couple of years and it's a really big mix of people from different cultures, it kind of feels like new york but not you know
too much. Uh it's kind of cool, I mean the mountains are absolutely beautiful.
it's really awesome. Um we went to Rocky Mountain National Park yesterday and it snowed and it was so cool and then like so I don't know if you know like the colorado fires were still going on
so.
Yeah you could smell like the camp fire as soon as like not even like as soon as you step out the door, it's like in your house, it was pretty bad. So the colorado wildfires are still going on. So um, there are just like on the other side of Rocky Mountain National Park and it is still kind of hazy and you can kind of smell it but not too much. So I was surprised to see the snow and it's just like we were over 10,000 ft and then um, it's just like a drastic change in climate from like snow and freezing to sorry, my cat. Yeah. Two just like sweating and really hot within like an hour.
Everything.
I don't
know if you don't know like how to dress because it's like, well I want to be like, I don't want to be cold while I climb up, but then like you wear all this stuff and it's like, now I have to like carry all this stuff on me when I'm like down again and it's so freaking hot, it's just yeah, it's interesting.
There she is.
Thank you. She's blind. Mhm. Yeah.
She lost her eyesight at two, so she's got this genetic condition. She's a bengal.
Yeah. Yeah. And apparently like Bangles are because they're selective breeding, they're predisposed to certain genetic conditions.
So she lost her eyesight up to she runs into walls a lot.
I
still um she's really smart. We when we moved, we were living in a one bedroom apartments just over 800 square feet, but we didn't have an office. So my husband was working from
the kitchen slash living room slash makeshift table
office and she'd be really quiet the entire day. And as soon as you get on the phone, she just screamed out at the top of her lungs. So when we moved, we were like, okay, we need a second bedroom so we can have an office and I'm a yoga teacher. So I don't know. I don't work at home. Um, and now she knows that there's
like an extra bedroom and sometimes she gets really upset when she's not allowed in there. So she'll scream out on the top of her lungs.
It's just the most, it doesn't even sound like a cat. It sounds like a human
imitating
cat. Really?
I didn't know that.
I
thought it was the heat.
Especially.
Everything.
House.
There's such expensive, needy creature
was like, no,
I need a computer to mm hmm. I need a computer to let all my cat friends know that the plan is working gonna take over the world. Thank you,
boss.
They're so cute.
I love cats. I have another one. She's seven. But she is sunbathing. So this one is super attached to me. She doesn't
leave my side at all. And the other one lexi, she's super attached to my husband. So she's a daddy's girl and she's uh the oldest is in orange tabby.
And she, if she wants attention and you're not paying attention to her, she'll actually physically like grab your arm, like she'll bite your arm and shove her head under
your hands. Just like to pet her. She's really aggressive about pets.
David.
That's this one. My little stinky cooper. She's so cute. Um
Let's see what else can we talk about?
We've got like 10 minutes to go
running through all the topics in my head right now.
We we can continue talking about cats if you want.
It awesome.
This is
It
the
disappearance.
Well being.
It
First.
Good.
That's awesome. Yeah.
This
thing.
There's such a cuddly little creatures.
It's this and
then we actually have a little jungle gym. Uh huh.
For black sand Xena.
Unfortunately Xena is she can't see anymore like she'll climb up, she's right there,
she'll climb up on the cat tree but she's too scared to go back down capture on her face so she'll stay up there for like half an hour or whatever and then when she wants to come down she'll just start
screaming out of the top of her lungs. She help me help me. She still to
Two.
The fish
river.
no. Yeah.
Also. Yeah.
me too.
That's what I've been doing. I'm like I need a new like I need a new trash cans like now I'm saving up for a new
trash like everything I need around the house music. All right. Time to do more son.
those are great. We don't have them here but there we had them in the house. We lived in Louisiana. Mm We I think we got like
the we got like super cheap ones from walmart. I think there were like $5. But um they worked really well.
I
have
so
much,
so
much cat hair
on my I feel it but I can't see
it
on my nose. No. Xena blackout curtains are amazing. I highly recommend them. Yeah there
it's
for
years
because,
this,
we just have blinds there's just sick peeks through.
this one mm She when she needs you she starts drooling so it's just like a she slumbers all over me So it means I have to change my clothes like three times a
day or my pajamas I have to change them like every day because of this one. Yeah
it looks
she's
looking in my direction. I
don't know how much you could see. So we got stairs and she loves going up and downstairs there's an area where you kind of turn the corner
when you
go
up and she completely missed
it the other day
and she turned but she turned to soon so she ended up falling like straight. It was only it was only like two steps before you turned. It wasn't too bad but
I laughed and I felt really bad. It was so cute.
All
then um my other cat lexi she'll go like two at a time or three at a time and Xena I guess you can hear her do it so she'll try to do it too but she can't she can't see so she's tripping over herself doing it. So now I have to tell her whenever we're going up and down the stairs and like one at a time young lady she's the little kitty love of my life.
first
this
Expedia.
Their
work
That's so cute.
Okay so you can kind of like fall through thanks.
This
statement.
there's
and
receive,
I mean maybe he just doesn't want to, he's like not doing
tricks for my
human today.
That's funny. Um yeah, yeah. Cats, her pets and hair. It's,
I
wear all black. So I'm just sick stuck with, I'm like, okay, like there's going to be cat here on me no
matter what I do.
So at
this
point.
Shit.
Yeah. Mhm Well that was, I believe 25 minutes.
It's
right. So my um, so I guess your timer is working. My timer is not working. It says I'm at 24 seconds, so I don't know what happened there, but we'll go with your timer.
That works for me. You're
fun to talk to and I
think Xena agrees.
No,
I
mean, I, I'll take your word for it because I don't, I don't know.
purpose.
We moved exactly a month ago.
Yeah. Looking at the date and like wait a minute. That looks familiar. One
month.
This
isn't
Cross
off.
It's
like an answer feeder.
Different cross
The best.
that's so cool.
Excellent.
First
awesome. I'm gonna google that once we finish our conversation. That sounds awesome.
It's
not. I'll be like you have you dave
Um What time do you have now?
This
is
Um Well what do you want to do?
Um We can call it just because I haven't had breakfast and I'm really hungry.
Xena says it was very nice to meet you.
Mhm. Right. It was lovely talking to let me know because my thing isn't working. Um Just before you hang up, what did you say you had your shot?
It's
okay. That's what I'm going to put down for my survey thing then. 27. 25.
All right. Have
a good day.
Stay
safe.
meeting you.
Bye.
How do I end this?