Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. A lot of yeah for your pleasure Canada before one.
How
are you
doing? All right. What?
Oh yeah I think mine upstairs every now and
again I hear him. Yeah he's look it's raining here and he wants to look out the window. Can't
have it open. Yeah.
Oh you're
good.
Oh it's
totally okay. Are you on the east Coast or?
So it's still a little early for you then?
No. Yeah so like a lot in here.
Um God.
Yeah that's what they just could be about anything I guess I guess. Uh
Start with a basic stuff Introduction. Maybe I um
um Greg I'm from New Jersey.
Oh that's really nice. Uh huh. What part of New york are you from?
All right. I'm not too not too familiar with queens. I yeah I grew up in New Jersey and I spent a lot of time and more upstate new york and upstate pennsylvania pennsylvania. That kind of area but not too much time in like the city or the boroughs shad way. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's nice.
My cats the same way. He's we
had to wait for in order
to come in for his wet food for about a week. And so he was just all high. What's your cat's
name?
Her name is Calla. Such a cute name.
my
cat.
Oh wow. My cats three, He just turned three in july.
No.
Oh yeah, this time and they started all the attitude. Um
25
minutes.
This is my first time. So this is I guess this is lucky.
Maybe that's the actual experiment saying who actually shows up. I actually almost didn't show up. I actually had something that came up and I was going to message email them this morning that I wasn't going to be able to be on time and then it ended up getting moved to a different date and so I was like, oh well I can actually do this.
Um, it was something, something else. I had
some
family
related, it was taking somebody to an appointment, so,
no, you're okay now. It's,
we got nothing
else
to talk about. Um, so you moved out to colorado jazz, move out there for any particular reason?
I, I, I lived in,
I actually just moved back from Georgia. I, yeah, I moved to, I was born and
raised
in Jersey
and then in about 2015 I moved to florida and then I briefly, then I quickly moved to Georgia and I lived there for about four years, but south Georgia was more by like the savannah area. I'm the same way. I did not like it.
True.
I guess
I was always gonna work kinda take a dart, throw it at the map and see where it sticks.
What?
Well, that's cool.
no
one can
do it. Yeah, it's kind of, that's kind of how it worked out for us. My girlfriend and I were living with her parents and we were in the
talks of
moving back here to Jersey because all my friends are here and a lot of my family
and she really had no attachment like me, she didn't like the south and she had no attachment to it. So, um, then Covid happened and my grandma lives here alone and she's 78 so it was kind of like, you know, we kind of made the agreement, you know, we'll come up well, you know, we're living here with her and then I'm helping take care of her and so I go out get everything that needs to get done and with
Yeah it's you know it's worked out really well, we've been here since Valley april
so
yeah, it's just
been.
right. One thing we're, because we were planning originally like maybe january february and then we're kind of talking about maybe we'll wait until the summer trying to get some more money together and then everything just kinda you know everything plans totally change
Central Jersey, so we're about 20 minutes north of Princeton.
No point. Yeah.
Yeah it's Bergen County, it's yeah I knew a couple people from Bergen County.
Yeah it's a small state so you kind of know a little bit, you kind of get a little bit of a taste of it, you kind of get a taste for all of it almost, almost.
Yeah, I've never been out list so actually it's really
not.
I've heard that, I heard that.
I didn't know
that, I knew the West Coast was having a lot of issues with fires, but because we were because we had, I want to say about two weeks ago we had Hayes here from the fires on the West Coast.
that's crazy. That's, wow, that's that's almost incredible. But also very like
I guess concerning
in a way.
It is interesting.
All right. She's precious.
wow.
Okay. I was trying to figure out what kind of breed because I knew it bangle is what it looked like, but I couldn't put my name uh my tongue to the name
conditions.
I'm sorry,
I shouldn't laugh. But
Another time.
Table.
Good.
Talk.
I believe you
are.
I've heard cats are they have a interesting quality of like mimicking certain things like so even I've heard like vocally like they can take to screaming and things like that. And the thing is I've heard that's like why cats like when you're on a keyboard or if you're on a computer, they so desperately want to be on it because it's just a sense of mimicking. Yeah.
Yeah. I've seen because
I've seen
that's what I thought too. But apparently it's like they want to be mimicking what you're doing. It's some kind of attached into it. Because I've seen people who were trying to work
from home, especially during all of this when they were trying their cat kept getting on their computer. So they got their cat either a fake computer or took one
of their old computers out set it up next to them and the cat would always go to the fake computer and just
lie on it.
They
are.
they
could they totally could.
They are
I have to do.
Okay. That's our
Under,
Yeah that's how archaic griffin,
that's how he is. He either wants attention or he doesn't he doesn't want to be bothered. He wants to be in his cat tree curled up alone or he wants to be on your chest digging in. Yeah.
How
you don't sure and I think um
let's go check in line.
I'm trying to
we can um I just I'm not I mean I'm a pretty big cat person, I've always been I went growing up my, you know my grandparents, we always had cats in the house and everything like that
and so when I when I moved out um I wanted to wait a bit before I knew I was gonna adopt a cat but I wanted to wait a bit mm and I had moved originally for a long distance relationship
which when we got to Georgia, we adopted a cat together, but the relationship that I end up working out, but I got the cat for her for an anniversary gift and so she ended up with the cat um but I've heard he's healthy and great and everything and she loved him, so I knew she
was going to take good care of
him
and then so I had met my
current girlfriend a few months after and we were
together for about I'd say six months and then I was kind of like I want a cat. And so we um we were driving around because we were staying in a college town and they had some cats at the shelter but there wasn't a lot and there's just nothing that had jumped out of us because we weren't sure if we wanted an older cat or a kitten, but you know it's kind of one of those things where you know cat finds you. And then we got home that day and we
went on facebook and there was a pet page and somebody was looking to re home our current kit and instantly and he was three months old and so we just went ahead and drove over and got him immediately. He's been with us ever since
there.
he's just great.
He's
I he's an orange tabby and that was my when I was growing up my grandparents had an orange tabby that was that literally was attached to the hip at me with like when I was a baby staying here like he would sleep next to me on the couch or in the crib and everything. So I always had a fondness for orange tabbies.
I know, it's just it's insane.
Who?
that's awesome.
What? Yeah.
I
screaming.
I don't want to build something like that for griffin. I was originally going to put in because originally we were going to this was the downstairs area which is the basement was going to be, we're going to turn it into a bedroom because my grandma was going to be staying in the master bedroom but we decided that sure she decided she was going to give us the master and she was going to switch to a different bedroom, signed it up, turning down here into an office and a studio. Because during
this I've been um I didn't when we got here getting a job was already unemployed and then getting a job was kind of up in the air because
both my girlfriend
and my grandma at risk for everything. So it was kind of like
to avoid putting yourself in harm's way. So I ended up trying to find something working online and I finally did so
on top of I've been doing a lot of these surveys with the
it's just it's easy and it's
gee
Yeah I think we're trying to get like blackout curtains. I think that's our next thing.
Two.
I'm gonna have to look in about them because I think
the ones
I was
looking at it like
target were like 20 bucks
or something like that
to it.
See
it. Yeah.
We had that, we, when we were staying in
Georgia, we
had them
and I was the first time I've
ever been in a room with like black out curtains and that like the differences, especially our bedroom, the sun
rises directly over where it is so early in the morning, it's beaming it already. I have like makeshift blackout curtains right now with like an extra layer of sheet over the actual curtains. Yeah,
fixed there. Come on.
Oh
he's looking right at it. Well,
basically
look into your direction like character.
She's like,
are
you
know,
What
is it?
You can bring to the table,
It's one of those things where when they do something that's just like you shouldn't laugh
but you have to, it's just if
Uh huh. Mhm. It's so good to say, I love it. Our our cat
um the houses we were staying and we're always ranch houses,
so they're always one level. So he has never had stairs before. So when we stay here
last year for like a month in october and we brought him with us because we always knew we were gonna be moving up here. So we wanted to get him used to like house and then we also have a dog, Here's all my grandma has a dog, so the two of them and she's nine so she's she's still playful, she's like a lab mix but the two of them get along
great.
They just kind of ignore each other. And what a lot of times in the, like when it's like the mid afternoon and the sun is beaming through the living room, the lay on the floor in the middle together. Um
It's adorable, but he's never seen the stairs and our stairs have slits in them. So
but if he falls three falls to the basement stairs, so it's yeah, it's a big gap so I'm always scared he's going
to do,
but he he just took to it right away and now he we have a gate across the stairs to keep the dog
downstairs during the day because if we don't she'll just keep going up and down the stairs constantly and tracks the dog hair so
that I have to vacuum more than I already have to and he won't go over the gate, he doesn't know that he can jump over the gate. So he goes there's like a chair right there. So he goes around
the long way off the stairs.
Not
you
pretty much.
Oh it goes hand in
hand. You can't, can have a better life.
keeper.
Keep
roller
in
the car and just get it
on the way out.
I think so. I think
I started time where I think I'm on like 24.
okay. Yeah, we could do, I'd say they recommended kind of going over a little bit. So I'd say like doing like 26 or 27 I think that'd be good.
So
you.
Xena issues. So adorable. So one thing I want to ask you in colorado, have you ever had a chance to make it out to um you said you wanted to Rocky Mountain, but I don't know red rock, you know the concert venue?
Okay. I think that, I'm pretty sure that's in colorado. Actually, I hope
I'm not wrong about that.
Okay. You know that's what you guys did just move there too and we're in the middle of a pandemic. So there's not much live music
happening that's
a month ago. All right.
So that's right. Okay.
Well when live music starts back up and if I am correct, I highly recommend it because it's like
my
number one place I want to go see a
venue because it's
all outdoors and everything is
made.
Yeah. It's like an amphitheater, but all the seating and everything is made from literally the ground and like rock
and it's like on the side, I believe it's dug into the side of the mountain in
certain way or it's like a natural formation.
Yeah. So like the sound is incredible. Like it's just got a lot of really great acoustics and everything and it's just really, it's like outdoors, like just a really like from I knew a couple of people have been there, I've known some bands that have played there and every time they just say it's one of the
best experiences
for it. So.
Yeah. I'm not again, I'm pretty sure it's in colorado but I could be
wrong.
It's the wrong state. Yeah. Oh gosh.
I have 26
49.
So I think we're good.
Um I think if you want to call it I think we can call it. It's totally up to you.
I think you need to go eat.
It was very nice to meet you too Xena.
I currently have mine at 27.
25.
27. 25. Sounds great.
All right.
You too, take
care.
You too
meeting you too.
I wow.
I think we just close the tab. Yeah.