mhm mhm Yeah Oh yeah,
look at how yeah, let me
know.
no
uh about what we're supposed to, we're just talk.
Yeah, I didn't think there was a topic. Let me get I'm
no, no, I don't think there's a topic,
it's going good, it's a little rainy here. Um it's been raining for like the past three weeks, so kind of getting old, but uh you know, quarantine is very boring, okay,
breathing.
vulnerable man. Yeah, it's been hard to find like stuff to do. Um I feel like I've watched a little tv show that I want to watch on netflix. Um I like that hulu amazon prime, there's no forts on, so that's awful.
Almost
there's no sports on,
I think we watched like competitive cornhole the other night because a lot of that again
because they were like masks um and they're like everyone has their own cornhole board and they get row um so that was funny. Mm
Yeah, there's like there's just nothing to do. I mean I'm sure you feel the same way we won't bother you all work, but yeah, other than that it's just been very very quiet.
So
this
is normal for you.
I have not watched Feature man.
what am I watching right now? I just finished billions and billions. It's great. I love
it.
Yeah, paul Giamatti and the guy who plays um the soldier on Homeland Redhead, I can't think of his name, you know what I'm talking about though? He plays a little messed up characters.
Um No that's on showtime,
so I just use like one of those throwaway emails and then sign up for a new one every like working days.
Yeah, they had some pretty good shows on you. I'm probably just going to bite the bullet and buy a membership. It's the easiest way.
Damian Lewis. Yeah, at
length.
it was in that movie too.
Yeah, cheese. Yeah, it's a great show. Are you like completely caught up? Okay.
totally
recommend.
Yeah, I would, I would say that's probably in like my top like three shows. It's just they do a really good job of like the show is like centered around like conflict, but
it's not like you don't feel like it's from problem to problem. They do a really good job of like making every show like have its own problem, but it's still like this broad thing and it's just it's really cool because like, you know, they're all loaded um where they all have like a ton of power. Um so it's it's just great. So I would totally recommend to watching it.
So
Future Man of Heavy,
It's
a big argument.
100 games.
Family.
All right. So look because I like love comedies um Like I'm a big SNL fan. Um
Some people hate it, some people don't but I think it's good. Some of their sketches are a little like borderline. Like I don't know if you should be saying that on T. V. Uh They do a pretty good job are not uh the weekend update. I always think that's hilarious. You're
really job on that.
Uh Colin jost
and Michael
J.
Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like it's better. I've been watching it for like four or five years now and I love like some of the older clips um Like the fiber cereal. Have you? Everything. That one?
that's one of my favorite ones. Um uh Yeah I think
because
I think
how many boxes are fiber And
they show the impairment? That's a great one. That's a classic. Um But from like what I could see like around like 2012, 13, like there really wasn't like anything going on in the country, so it was like kind of boring. But like when like shit's going on, like that's when like they're rolling because they have like stuff to make fun of, and I feel like they don't really like hold their punches like no matter who it is, like Maya's like mr roger. Um And like yeah, minus like mr roger bob ross. Like you know all those people that caught popular culture just like loves and you can't disrespect but anyone else's like fair game. Yeah, it's gold.
it's just used to make fun of stuff like still going for it.
He's
not a Cheeto man, wow, that's great.
has been great for comedy. I forget who said in like 2016 but it was like uh if you're a comedian, your business for like the next four years, if you work for the onion then you better be looking for a new job soon.
Oh I love Reddit. Oh my God. Yeah.
Yeah I've seen
of gets depressing because you're like I didn't think that that could even happen and then it is so Yeah. Yeah.
Um Let me open it up. Uh There's a way to see what I'm subscribed to. Um So purpose it's a um I'm really a fan of like penny stocks and like Wall Street, that's because I just think that those are hilarious. Um I'm trying to say college basketball. Um Okay uh I got like sports um I got like the china flu not ready or not want the onion. Um I felt like the nature, right? It funny Like like the basic ones and then I've got like Porsche Audi formula one. Um Life bird tips. Um Today I fucked up camera. Yeah you know like the normal ones and I've been like a few like miscellaneous ones in there. Like I got excel um You know just good enough so that like it's not boring but like enough that it's like not overwhelming.
I
can tell age.
I think I can like tell like what the oh that's that's gold.
Like praying for a five month vacation next summer 304 days ago. Oh yeah this is a subscribe. All right, let me go at it aged like one. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, but
it's been a I feel like people are just like running out of stuff to post like it's starting to get a little stale. I don't know if like I'm just bored of social media or. Yeah it's the same thing. Have you got any other suburbs? You like?
That was so
crazy.
I honestly didn't get banned.
That doesn't get banned yesterday. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Or what's the one? Kids are dumb basically? One team.
Yeah that's the one.
I have like the dogs one too. I think dogs are just you know they're wholesome.
Yeah that's just all his pictures of his tweets
everyone is on. Can you believe that with all the problems and difficulties facing the U. S. President Obama spent the day playing golf worth than carter. Well here's a good one fact. Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or D. O. D. To boost gets
what
and into it then it's
on
your account. Uh huh.
Oh my God it's just insane. Like every week I'm like oh my God this cannot get any worse. This cannot get any worse. And then
it's like oh my God fucking got worse joking. Yeah the highlight of my week was when I read Iran submitted that Interpol red notice to arrest trump. I was like how funny would that be like if he goes to New Jersey and some like city cop goes up and tries to arrest it. Oh don't be cool. Just
like stops. The motor came. Yeah. Oh
man.
Reality just does not seem real anymore.
Oh my God what when did I watch the other day? Um I watched the World War Z again. I was like, oh, that looks nice, you know? But they have a plan like everything's figured out. We figured out our vaccine kind of people died, but like, you know. All
I didn't I didn't read the book. I heard it was a lot better, but I just haven't gotten around to it.
Um I don't really know a lot about the book. I know like um That he wanted to have like the movies be like three movies um and spread over a longer time. But obviously that didn't happen.
I
uh your state championship. I think it is something.
of rains. Okay. Sorry to barge in. Yeah.
By okay. Sorry.
Brooklyn.
I don't know.
That sounds
One of the things,
that's a good movie.
Yeah, I would have been great. Yeah.
Because I just started reading um shit um Doom
um because they're coming out with the movie for that. Um It's pretty good so far, I'm like 150 pages into it. I think I've been read it that much, but yeah, the Doom book is good. Um I think the one that did a really good job is um I'm like a massive fan of Ender's Game. The books, I feel like the movie did, I was expecting the movie to be like dog shit, but I feel like a really good job um I mean obviously didn't have all the details, but they do a really good job of like flushing it out and like it wasn't like World War Z, where you're going from like bam, bam, bam, bam bam, who was like, okay, you're on Earth, you've got like this set here and then like you move into space and like you feel like there's a lot of time and he has like growth and then you're like moving on and the set design was amazing. Um I'm surprisingly get any awards to be completely honest. Uh huh. It was super realistic too. Um They do a really good science advisor um I mean obviously it's science fiction but for a lot of the gravity stuff and everything, they did a really good job making sure that everything worked. Yeah.
Um No, I just read the book are
in the box I should say.
No.
I'm trying to think what what other movies have done. Like I don't want to say justice to the book because you can never really do justice. Um
I never I never watched that one.
and
it
was
Sheriff
No,
no.
man, isn't it more like horror
or is it more like, I know it's kind of like crime, horror, but
Mhm.
so it's humanity.
I will have you um the giver
um Yeah, it's a little um everyone I've talked to has been like, you know, I really wasn't expecting it because it starts off like a little slow. Um but I cried at the end. Um I think that they did a really really good job of like portraying emotion with the cinematography and just how
they like flushed out everything and I didn't feel like the plot was um you know what's the right word? Like rushing? Like they really took the time to like focus on like the little details and it was a great, great, great movie. Yeah,
I think Jeff Bridges is in that one I can um if I remember correctly. Uh huh
Yeah, Meryl Streep, Jeff Bridges um and Brandon or Britain the weights can't say his name.
Um to be completely honest, I liked the movie more um
yeah, because I felt like I have my own version of like the giver in my head and um it's kind of like one of those utopia turns dystopia kind of movies and I felt like my vision wasn't really how they wanted it to be seen and just how they used like the visuals of like the set and the interactions and like the little things that can't be conveyed in the book just made it all that much better. The book is close behind it, but just the movie um the movie was just fantastic.
Now here's an even more controversial take. I don't like the word of the ranks. Mhm.
Just hearing,
I just
could never get behind it. Carrie
pod. Same thing with Game of Thrones. I mean there, I mean I watched them. They're beautiful, beautiful movies, but it just, it just never like the spark was never there.
Who cares? You like two sugars in your coffee. So
good.
Like there is a middle ground like, come on, we
got, we got to get there. Yeah.
Yeah, you eat sits our system only deal in absolute like that.
You're Yes, there's a pop culture reference for you like
Oh, role today. Yeah.
Mm.
I've never heard of that. Even
a the last of the
mod Beacons.
Yeah. Where do I know that name from? Machine?
I'm Michael Mann.
That's that's where I know him from.
I haven't seen heat.
Don't
get part
of it though.
yeah. I feel I have done. I've seen part of it. I
haven't.
No. Because I remember then, oh, you know what? There might have been um right before I watched the Irishman. I watched like um like a robert Deniro, like best of scenes and he was like, probably in that. That's where I probably know it from. Yeah.
So
Mohicans
Mohicans. Green Mile Heat. Um
Yeah. And that was it. Right. Okay.
Yeah. The giver was really good. You
can roll roll with it for a little, but it's good. Some more heating he green one. Well, I'll probably watch those by the end of today because I've got nothing else to do. But yeah.
Is
probably out there somewhere. It's not there's probably a shady website with 20 pop up ads. I can watch it on. Right?
Well, uh we're past the 31 minute mark. Uh so we're good to go. Uh
Pretty talking with you, too. Thank
you.
Stay safe. Stay healthy. Bye.