Here we go. Hey how's it going?
Good
thanks. All right, hey did you get a pick or something
like that to talk about?
Oh that's okay. I think I saw one that said something like you can either just talk or it'll tell you like we'll give you a topic and I didn't see one so.
No play
are non yeah, how's it going this morning?
I'm I'm over on the west coast and in Oregon and so we've actually been having some nice uh weather but it's usually not over here um
but you know kind of funny like normally being stuck inside over here is like normal but it's not very fun, right?
Which
is that?
Oh sports. Oh yeah yeah, no
first.
that's awesome. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm uh I love movies and tv shows and reading and all that stuff, so I'm like this is I work from home anyway, so I'm
it was
extended.
Yeah I'm pretty much used to it but um yeah I'm making my way through all the tv shows and everything I haven't watched. Which is it's a lot, it's a lot he said you have to tell you have you watched Future Man?
It's pretty great. It's pretty
like
paul Giamatti and
Mhm. Yeah I know you you know I'm just gonna check because it's gonna bug me if I don't but so that's on hulu
show time. Okay
that's a good idea. I don't even know if I've ever had a showtime like free trial so I might as well just check it out.
Yeah. Is it uh that guy?
was in
I always think of him and Band of Brothers, that's what I was trying
house a while ago. She's
no no that's what I want to start. Uh I've seen yet but
there's always like
for everyone show I watched, there's like three shows I haven't watched yet.
What?
Sweet. I will check it out. That's awesome. Um Trying
to think. It's something. Oh
Future Man, it's a um it's like a comedy sci fi show and it has um the main character is josh Hutcherson, I think that's how you say his name,
he
was like
hunger games. Yeah and um he's like a janitor that at some science company doesn't kind of a slack or whatever like me and uh man my brain is still, I just like woke up so the coffee is still kicking in. Um He plays like this video game all the time and has this really hard last level um that he can't beat and then he finally beats it and these two like time travelers from the future show up in his room and they're like you completed the test, you have to help us save the future. And he's just like guy. But
it's really funny. It's it's like really crass but it and it's really funny.
There you go.
totally,
totally. It's uh Colin jost and Michael Shea, is that right?
Well,
I guess
normally is um
that smells interesting. Like I think like you said like some people like it, some people don't if it's like a lot of like when you grew up watching it and when you watch it like it always feels like there's kind of ups and downs with it. Um so I like when I grew up it was like Mike Myers and Chris Farley and Adam Sandler like in the 90s and then it moved into like will Ferrell and and all those guys, Amy poehler and Tina fey. So maybe there, it wasn't too often. I checked out of it. I just always kind of knew like it has ups and downs so I'm going to stick with it. But
With Bill Harvin.
just showed my wife
the other day
colon blow super colon blow.
Look.
Yeah. I love those guys. And like you said, normally like the more uh messed up things are politically or around the world. The funny
I remember my dad being like, I don't get why they don't make fun of Obama and I was like, because he's normal, he's not weird or controversial. He's
just
100%. I agree with you. What?
Oh No. I know. It's um, do you ever get on reddit at all
There's a there's that subreddit, I think it's called not the onion. I don't know people
I need to unsubscribe to that because I see a headline. I mean there's good ones everyone saw with the ones that are just like, yeah, our world is just like, there's no jokes anymore, we just are living the joke. Yeah.
What what do you uh are there any subreddit you like that are?
Yeah. Mine's definitely overwhelming. I need to go through and soared through some of these. I really like the two that I found recently that I really like our aged like milk and aged like wine. I don't know if you've seen those, but
it's basically like headlines.
What's that?
Yeah, it really is. It's they're both quality,
I know towards the beginning of this year I shared a meme that was um it was like the end of the texas chainsaw massacre, The girls all laughing, getting away in the truck and it says me, and then she's driving away from leatherface at the chains on, it says 2020, and I'm like, now I'm like leatherface caught up with me, that's cool. Okay.
Yeah,
yeah, but I probably am just driving myself crazy, but I've been kind of check on, like, the politics and stuff going on. Um
But
further,
what's that?
right. I heard that, That's pretty crazy. I have really mixed feelings about that because I don't, I feel like if they were inciting violence or like, kind of whipping people into a frenzy, like, I get that at the same time, it's like, well I guess I would say I would hope I wouldn't get banned or censored, but I'm also not going around like, like how much I hate people because
I don't fine. Um Man, how many of these do even check anymore when stupid prizes is a good one.
Kids are fucking stupid.
Um uplifting news is actually nice and
yeah, yeah. All the wholesome ones are awesome. Wholesome memes is great. Oh, I really like trump criticises trump. What's it? Have you seen that 1?
Yeah. And it's always like him saying one thing and then you go in the comments and they put they have a link to a tweet where he said the opposite, like yes, it's for
Okay. It's unbelievable.
Mhm. And you could probably say this to him or show it to him and you'd just be like, no,
no.
But
that wasn't me fake tweets. Mhm.
But
Hey,
And you?
Yeah, I'd be cool. Yeah.
No, it's super bizarre. I watch movies so that it feels more normal and I generally watch horror movies to feel better because it's like it's better than what's going on here. I'd rather be getting chased around with the chainsaw than dealing with this.
you read that book?
Yeah. No, it's uh it's different. I think that's kind of the thing people run into, like, I mean there definitely are like movies better than books and vice versa, but it's just they're so different that it's like kind of hard to, you know, make that whatever. But the book is awesome because it's like, do you know what the book is about or how it's set up?
Right. No, I know the well, the way the book starts is it's like because brad journalists
in the movie too.
Thanks. Cool.
Mm
Hey, that's okay. I gave my chance of my wife a chance to give me some coffee. So, uh,
so the book is, um, because brad Pitt's a journalist in the movie too. If I remember right, the book is like written from the point of view of a journalist at the end of the war and he's going back and interviewing people all over the world about what their experiences
were.
Chapter is like just a totally different part of the world, what they went through at a different time. It's good. And you know, as,
yeah. And I thought the movie was fine. It was fine. But
they had made it like, like a fake documentary where they like interviewed each of those characters and had like video footage and pictures. That would have been amazing.
But the movie was fun. It's still fun.
Oh yeah.
That's cool. I um did you listen to the audio book of it by any chance?
The
Yeah, I've only read the first one. Um But I I read it and then I listened to the audiobook because I guess the guy who wrote it said he always sort of wished it was that way. Like that's the best way because there are those chapters where it's just people talking back and forth. You don't really was who he's like, he wanted to have separate voices for those things.
So that's kind of how the audio book is. But but yeah, I enjoyed the movie too. That's good.
The Green Mile was pretty, pretty close.
It's good, like it's really good. I really like Stephen King anyway, but it's like one of because he did like The Shawshank Redemption, so it's one of his less horror,
but it's still kind of has like more, I don't think fantastical stuff in it. But man, that movie is so good. That movie I when did it come out
like
earlier? Late nineties 99 Anyway, I used to be in favor of the death penalty and that movie literally changed my mind.
It just I watched and I was like I can't see one innocent person die to punish 100 people
or whatever. And it's just such
a good movie be balling by the end of it. But it's really good.
What?
it's like um
it's drama, the horror stuff is mostly there's not a lot of it but it's mostly just people being cruel to each other. Mhm.
It's humanity, right? Is like a little bit of like kind of fantasy in it. Um I won't spoil anything but know it's worth watching for sure. For
I haven't seen that. Does that mean good?
All
So is that the one is Jeff Bridges in that 1?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
I know I remember hearing about that the book but I never read it. Did you like the book more the movie?
cool.
Yeah. Nice. I have to check that out. School. Oh I thought that the big one the one that gets me in trouble sometimes when I say this but as much as I am grateful for the Lord of the Rings books they're super dry and the movies are just amazing. I'm not a big fan of The Hobbit movies, but the Lord of the Rings movies are just watch him at least once a year at least. So
just period.
That's all right.
That's okay,
totally.
totally. That's totally fair. I think sometimes, I mean I know I used to be super like beholden to things like everyone must love this and after a while it's like, you know what, I don't love everything that other people love. I might as well just, well here's what people like what they like.
Why
not? Yeah, we live in a weird world where, I mean I'm sure obviously you know this, but it's like we have to hate things or we have to love things. We can't have these things in the minute and
totally.
Well especially like with the things that you love, it's almost like you should be more critical of those things because it just shows how good the good things are, you know, and you say something is flawless and it's like, well that's not true, Everything has flaws, that's what makes things interested.
The
Yeah, there you go. That was good.
yeah. Um
Trying to think of another one. Oh, I don't know if you've read this or seen the movie, but I absolutely hated the book of the last of the Mohicans, but I love that movie.
Oh man, okay, so ignore the book and it's a classic. Just ignore it
mohican.
Yeah, it has Daniel Day Lewis, it's uh Michael Mann directed it. Who did like Heat?
Michael Mayer or Daniel Day Lewis.
He, yeah, he is the one he's really famous for um why am I blanking on the other movies? Miami? He did the Miami Vice movie.
Yeah. Have you seen Heat?
I strongly
recommend
that
you've heard of it? Yeah, that's like first movie that robert De Niro and Al pacino had a scene together in.
that's
great.
yeah, it's great because like pacino's like pacino, he's big and all that stuff. But when they had that conversation you think it's going to be like this huge, like blow out screaming match and it's not, it's like having this quiet because Pitino's a cop and De Niro is a thief, like a bank robber, but they like respect each other and it's like they kind of sit down just to have this discussion. Yeah. Dude, totally that and uh the Mohicans, the cinematography
is people all
the music. Yeah. What's that?
Yes,
And I'm gonna check out the giver.
Thanks.
I know I've seen just recently I saw the Green Mile was on like Hulu or HBO or something but I know I've seen it streaming
somewhere.
Yeah. There you go. All
man. Well yeah that was great talking with you.
All
right. We care. Stay safe out there man.