Hi, good
morning.
I'm good. How are you? You must be an early bird.
I know. I thought nobody would be up this early either. I said nobody's gonna pick seven. All right, man.
But I just figured it would be quieter, you know, the earlier, so Uh
huh.
Yeah.
No, no.
Oh, do you know
what? I live with my daughter and uh I'm staying with some friends right now. I came and then one of everything happened, so staying put right now.
Not uh I do miss being outside a little bit, you know? But I get out a little bit, but I ain't trying to be out and about. You know, they and they said it was for people with compromised immune systems. I was at a certain age. I was like, okay, that's me, I'll stay home. Oh,
it's not. It's not better safe than sorry, you know? Yeah. So how did you rest last night? Mhm.
Really?
I woke up so early. I think about for something. I'm like, no.
Oh no. I almost overslept because then I want to call him back to sleep, which was wrong. And then when I looked again it was like seven, someone was like, oh my God. Oh. And then you know, I was trying to read all those instructions again because I don't know why they had to repeat everything and I was like, okay, okay, okay. You know? So, um yeah, so I'm okay last night, but I'll probably go back to sleep after this is done. I'm gonna tell you the truth.
I
don't
know.
I know because
I have been, well that's what I did for the bed a little earlier. But for some reason I've been a couple of nights really late. Like yesterday I was up until Like 4:00 AM. Yeah. And then I was back up early so I was so tired yesterday I was exhausted and so I said but I gotta go to bed. And I said when I did the thing I said well I'll pick this time. But nobody else. Yeah. And I said, but something said watch you're gonna get first thing Friday morning at 7:30 PM.
All
you
cannot
war.
Oh.
Um hum. Along there.
I'll be guys
that have you been doing? I wonder if we can talk about, I guess we can. That's where we met. Have you been doing a lot of surveys? Really?
I
have to
I can't say that I've been on there for a while. It's been a while. I've got more this year then I have years before. I mean You know, I rarely ever saw like a $15 survey thing. I was like what?
And
normally
You
know, two weeks here because the last, well ever since the whole shutdown corona things started, I've been getting averaging about 30 a week and I never, I've been on here for over a year. I know And I never were lucky if you saw 30 in a month, but they've just been coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming, coming. You know, sometimes you jump on there because I try to go on like maybe twice a day to see what's on there and it will be three or four sitting there usually about the same thing. But you know,
mhm,
No, but you know what I do have I always get no notifications in my gmail on my phone all the time. And so whenever my notifications come up on my gmail, but I still, you know sometimes I beat them, I'll check it before it lets me know. I usually check it before I go to bed sometimes, which is sometimes not a good thing because a couple of nights I'm just gonna jump on here right quick and look you go and
I
look
I'm in right now. I'm in Virginia. Yeah,
another
one.
Kind of Yeah, Yeah.
okay, I'm original.
Mhm Oh you mean Georgia? My ex
husband was from Georgia, but I'm originally from Ohio
Oh, dusty what bert?
I know Akron Uh huh I
know what I'm supposed to Cleveland. Yeah. Oh
cool. Cool. Small world.
no.
Um
when you get back together soon, that must be really hard.
Must
so what are you doing to keep yourself? You know? Keep yourself up, keep yourself, you know?
What? Oh bless your heart. Uh
I
think
that
and
I'm okay. I've seen that I've seen, I've been on a prolific and gotten surveys that came from Mturk or whatever. But I didn't sign, I had signed up with some other things. Now everybody's asking me about prolifically. Like somebody said, what are you doing? I'm doing a survey. I said I'm making money. So you know, I said, but and I said I like it because it's different than those other places. What you know, like I sound, they survey something And you couldn't get your money until you had $25 and it'll take you forever to get to $25 because you know you know how we did our profile and those who we are. So they send the stuff that we match up with what this one would say these services are available. And sometimes maybe 45 cents, 75 cents you get halfway through, give them half a day's worth of information and they tell you you don't qualify. I was like So I stayed on that one for a long time. It took me forever to get to 25 hours. And then when I did I was like you know they said well you can catch up. But
the only way you get your check was the mail. I had to come to you through uh the U. S. Postal service. Which I'm not against that. I like them. But they charged me a dollar five all 25 to send me my own money. I was like, okay, I'm done with you once I
get
my money too.
And
I don't even know how across prolific and I'm like, this is cool, this is fun.
Well
and
I'm
not
your word. That's a long time.
That's a long,
Thank you.
Yeah.
And it wasn't supposed to be
that long. Yeah. So I mean it's okay, it's easy. I I told a couple of people about it, you know? But I'm you know, also looking to do something else. I was like, okay, you got this time, what else can you do? You know, so things I'm interested in, you know, I listen to, I don't do the news too much, you know, because I'm like you're kind of scared people to death and you know,
and I said you know I have I can't I can't do that negative stuff all day long like that. It just would it makes you tired, you know
like
you know and you know it makes you just really tired and you feel down and you know they I mean under the basic information that I need, you know once they told me you got to stay in the house and the reason why after that I was good. I don't need all that doom and gloom and love it. I can't
No I think we're on complete lock that were on complete lockdown where I am, you know
because
I
remember.
thank
you.
Do
you
think
I know the
governor here that
yeah he said here that he wasn't gonna He wasn't gonna open they're gonna look at it again after May seven and see how the numbers are You know and uh Ohio is not playing I don't know I know your wife told he he wasn't playing from day one. They won
he came I said he looks like a little frog with glasses because these little tiny man that man came out saying we're not doing this we're not doing this we're not doing that. We're not gonna do this man. I was so I have never been so proud of my state before because I was like um
Well
I remember that yeah.
but your
heart
yeah. Yeah. Oh my God that must be so hard. Your wife stuck and click and akron and your mama you can't see her either. Good thing you got a dog.
is it?
Errol
Okay. Yeah. A little nip it your ankle dog. Mhm.
limited.
Go away. Uh
Is he older?
Yeah. Okay. Yeah that's
that's older
for a
dog. That's your heart. Uh I hope you get to see your mama soon. Well that's june is long. Just got to pace yourself you know as long as she saved and you know she saved. That's the important thing
you
know
everything.
Yeah. Yeah. Well you know that's how they had an outwork here close to where I am is they had outbreak in a nursing home but they found out that the workers were going to more than one place to work which a lot of people you know real human beings sometimes work two or three jobs you know and they said that yeah you know I just my heart goes out to people that are you know like having to work and terrified and you know and now we know who essential workers are. You know and I was looking at um some hospital was a hospital in new york. The ceo of a big it's a big hospital in new york. He's uh quarantine or self quarantine at his beach house in florida. Uh huh. You know he's I'm working hard. Yeah I'm sure you are looking out at the beach, I'm sure you are you know I uh you know and he talked about what he's older and you know I can't be out there and I'm like this is I mean we get to see who is really important, you know we're depending on these people to go to work, we're depending on truck drivers, not just the nursing people but the truck drivers, you know I mean
people
are
I do I feel for them, you know because in my life I had real jobs and I used to deal with people a lot and when I was working and I'm like you know it must be really hard and they're probably tired, you know and places working really hard now anyway and treat
you all crazy and
now you're all of a sudden you know you used to be a nothing basically, you know I think about damages all the time, you know they used to be somebody people look down on and mistreated now, you're
depending on the people to do their jobs, you know, they become essential workers now.
Well no
because
I'm sure that must
have really building because it has a sore throat, yeah,
I must have been scared. My best friend is retired, she just retired less last year in july and uh she's retired and she's at home and then her husband was still working and then just she's so funny because she was at home and she was working on releasing, losing weight and everything and she was doing the in a minute faster and eating like two meals a day and then her husband got laid off because of the mhm So she said I'm cooking three meals a day, three meals Like he's like 68 or something like that and she's
like 5 to And
you know she said three meals a day breakfast like chip dinner back.
What?
that's
good,
know they can food. Oh yeah,
you know,
93
days they all go well. At least, you know, you're going to get as many snacks as you want.
What?
I
don't know, I've been eating a little more too, but I've been, I still try to eat pretty healthy though, I haven't gained anyway, you know, I'm just like trying, my thing is movement, I missed being outside at least walking outside and all that kind of stuff, but you never know about people where they've been and um you know, so I just try to be careful because you know, I ain't trying to bring nothing home to nobody and you know, my daughter is with me so I don't want nothing to happen to her, you know, So you just you don't want nothing to happen to the people you love. You know what I'm saying? So I think if you know if you care about the people you love and the people you're around, you know, are you gonna be around? You want them to be okay, You wouldn't want them to bring him something, you didn't know, you know what I'm saying? So just take the competition, you know? And I have a girlfriend, one of my best friends from high school is in a nursing home and she's under lockdown and nobody can go see her. But my one friend went to the nursing home and peeked through the window. She could do that and wave at her. And I just wonder about her because she had a stroke.
She can't talk. you know and I just I hope some you know, I hope she understands what's going on. You know that people haven't abandoned her. You know what I'm saying because even her husband can't go see her, they don't have any kids is to turn her husband and her husband can't go see her. So I just hope she knows she's not abandoning people still love her. You know? I think about that, you know because that that I think that's hard. Uh
But.
and
or
what
up?
But
Just
you know
doing
that.
Mhm. Yeah. Just send them some love and let them know that they thought of. I think that's the important thing. My heart breaks for people that you know, I know a lot of people or your mom is rehabbing but I know a lot of people that went got their grandparents or whatever at the nursing home so uh you know because it became a different kind of thing now you know so and some of those stories are not nice that you're here, that's why I had to stop listening to them so you know something just being not nice at all
if I uh yeah we're fine with that, we're good with that you know we're good with that, we're okay, we keep food. Um Only one person can go out, you know my sister friend, she goes out to the store and um the rest of us all stay in and so um we're okay. Her birthday was day before yesterday and so we celebrated her birthday. Yeah so that was nice, the weather was beautiful and we all ate together and talked and laughed. You know
they
help. Yeah. You know and then I have like a family zoom with my family on the weekends. We all get together on the zone meeting room and just talk about an hour or two on sunday so we can just keep up with each other because my family is real small so we just talked to keep up each other. Yeah I mean
like you
know
nah uh my mom is gone, my dad is gone.
Mhm. Yeah. You know I was thinking that I'm glad my mom is not here. This would be really hard for her and she had a lot of health challenges and I'd be worried and my son would be worried about everybody so that would make him crazy. So you know
because I have two years to have a son who is 37 and my daughter's 19. Yeah and then my sister, it's just me and my sister because we don't have any answer. Uncles what she does on her dad's side. Um but I don't have any, I have one on this living and my uncle you know, but my mom our mom
didn't have any siblings, she was the only child, so my family is really small. So we get together, me, my daughter, my son, my sister, my nephew. Um and my god mom, we get together
and we talk on sunday, you know, just to see how everybody's doing and look at them and make sure they're okay. So we're good that way
there are.
Ben.
Yeah. But you know what I had,
I
think we
have had but I had saw things way, way, way, way, way, way back from Australia and they were talking about the fact that they didn't have toilet paper, that's long before we even started talking about shutting down anything here. Australia had already was starting to go through it and it was a video and people were in the store buying all the toilet paper and they kept asking them why are you buying all the toilet paper? And it was or even, and this is long before they even start talking about anything in the United States, and I said they don't have any toilet paper to running out of toilet paper and they said you can find plenty of food but you couldn't find toilet paper in Australia. And so I think because we kind of had a heads up, we got ahead of the game with the toilet paper so we're okay, you know
you're
ok.
it's nothing.
Thank you.
my
I know you
did
and
Mhm
wow, that's amazing. That's wonderful. Oh, bless your heart while I imagine a wonderful reunion when y'all get back together. Yeah.
What
do
you think?
She blessed to have, you know, she's blessed to have you. I can tell you a great daughter. So that's
wonderful.
All right. What? How long we've been talking? Oh,
I know the
animal.
What?
That's what
we had. You
know, they are you are you willing to meet a stranger? Yeah. Yeah.
no.
And I'm a friendly person anyway. So this friend of my alley. So it's good. It's good. Well, it was
talking
to you. It was nice talking to you.
I would.
I wish you and your family the best. And I know you're gonna have some wonderful reunions when you get to. You
know, just
like
okay, bye bye.
Good luck with those surveys. Yeah.
Do we know how to end this?
Okay. Maybe we they have to. That's about maybe were in here today?
They locked us in the meeting room.
Hello is being recorded so.
All
it's
always
good.
I didn't either.
I didn't see a record button.
Did
you see
that?
I thought
it I thought it was automatically gonna record.
I don't even see a little red but where you see a little red button at the bottom.
Maybe I need to make this. Well my video is sitting over there so, oh
no
it
says R.
O. Yeah it says archiving on, I'm assuming that's what they're doing.
Yeah.
Okay. So I guess that's all we gotta do then. Okay now we're leaving for real.
All right, it was good talking to you.