Yeah wow. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay mm. I'm sure. Yeah I
good
morning how are you?
Oh no I'm not no early bird. They said get up and do this earlier. Uh We gotta get up early
too much.
Oh
yeah
you don't live alone?
No I live alone although I have a dog that's annoying but I live alone
and
No I know that's right. Ain't nobody trying to be out.
that's me too. I got compromised immune systems so I was like okay well I'm gonna stay in my butt home. Ain't no big deal to me. Who?
okay but
trying to get up today was like I'm like
How do you wake up till 6:30?
Girl that is no le that is no le
I hate
him.
Be right there. No
no.
All right ain't it? I said oh God because they said the more times you pick and it was like
the better chance you have and that was talking
about
within a week. I said okay okay
it's gonna be a couple Mm
It's all mark tomorrow morning at 7:30
outside and me okay okay. $15. I'll be there 7 30. Yes I'm burning you
playing.
Yeah.
Have
you? Because I know my um I'm married so I know that my wife she's not been getting a lot but it's like an age difference too and she's been on it longer than me. Mhm.
You know uh
Well like I said it's it's weird because like I said I've only been doing this about two weeks
and yeah and so she was like why are you kidding so many? I've been on this thing for like eight months and haven't got this many. And I was like she's like maybe it's the age, you know the age range because she's older than me. So I was like, oh but I've been getting a lot like my first week Um I cast out it was like $35. Just my first week
I was.
you don't leave it open, Like I leave my laptop open and I have that thing uh the
added extension on the chrome and it just tells me throughout the day, like if I have my laptop sitting open and I'm doing other things in here or whatever, it'll tell me prolific new studies, you don't have anything like that.
I
noticed
it slows down like at a certain time and then like it'll slow down about, well, I don't know where you live.
my
Norfolk
Virginia, you know what I said?
my my brother and my step dad was in the Navy. So we used to live in Virginia.
I live in Georgia now
that,
oh, my wife lives in a hope.
Mm hmm. Uh, she lives in a park called Akron or Green sitting
Yeah.
yeah.
Yeah. I miss her. We got married. And because of this stuff, she has a, she has two kids. So, but I have my own place. She has her own place. But we got married and because all this, they shut down flights to Ohio. So I had to send her back early. So we only got about two weeks
of being married and had to send her back. So I missed my wife. Yeah.
Yeah.
It
is. I didn't
eyes hard. I don't know. I just jump on here. But we talk a lot and we learned that t mobile as this thing of a cut off where your phone just hang up after four hours just ain't your phone up. So every four hours we had to call back.
Yeah. So we felt like we'll talk. I mean we'll kill four hours like it's nothing just talking and we'll do stuff like clean house, but I'll have my headphones in and we'll just talk, you know, and she'll do her stuff because she owns a business doing wreaths and stuff. So you know, we'll do stuff and then, you know, we'll take like, all right, well, I really gotta get on prolific because I can't talk and do service. She can, but I
can't she does enter
to
enter
to be crazy. So
Two.
I'm
gonna
I
know.
Yeah, it's actually pretty decent. There's some that are weird like Matrix man. Oh, let me tell you, I was on this one about 3, 3 days ago or something And it said it ain't but like 40 minutes like Max 40 minutes and it was data entry. And what she was doing was looking up um there was some other country, but she was looking up phone numbers and names in another country and they gave you the site and so what you do is put the information for the company name and the address and then you look up phone number and come back and put the phone number in. I did that. I didn't realize I started it early but ended up doing it for two hours. Were prolific
Tommy out and
I had to stop. Like I was talking to my wife, I said, I've been doing this for two hours in. No way. She said, well, go ahead and stop it because she's been doing prolific. She knows more than I do. She said, go ahead and stop it and just email them, you know, a message them. I messaged him, I was like, I timed out for two hours and then they're gonna send me a message saying, well, we'll pay you Girl. Like it was like, not even $2 for two. I was so mad,
so
mad.
And what
I mean, it was easy. I was like, if y'all would me, you know, a couple of dollars, like $5 for
hour or something, you know, or maybe even $3. I probably would have kept doing it. But you won't pay me $2 for two hours. Yeah,
y'all
work.
hated.
It'll
wear you out. Yeah.
Girl, that was, I'm not, not too are y'all on complete lockdown in Virginia or y'all just got a structure in place.
We
got to shelter our governor has lost his mind. He just like, y'all do what y'all wanna do. We don't
like
whatever you wanna do. We okay, y'all, y'all want to go out and get sick, go ahead because we're just gonna lift that right on up. I said all these
states
waiting because Georgia was the first one to reopen. And the president was so mad at our governor. I was reading it, you know, he was so mad. And I said what they're doing all these other states trying to reopen slowly. I said, they're trying to wait to see what George is gonna do. Like
if
you're
gonna get sick, get he go open up. So we're gonna wait to see what y'all fuck up and do, you're gonna mess around and we're gonna stay out get over here. Yeah. He waited
on
to the shelter a place for everybody.
You're
mm hmm. And you know what? They kept their numbers low. They kept them at 2000 or something like that by doing that. And Georgia down here. We own up into seven thousands. And I'm like, our governor still ain't shut down. What's going on? You're gonna wait till I get almost 10,000 to shut
it down. He didn't even completely locked us all down. He just put a shelter in place and
yeah. He's just gonna put a shelter and play. I said these people what? But he locked it down to where it like my mom, she's in a nursing facility because she's doing rehabilitation, learn how to walk again and all that. So uh he did shut it down to where I ain't been able to see my mama in like two months. And they talk about June 12 4. I can go see her again. I said
back
because I missed my mama you know?
Yeah well it's not even my dog it's her dog but yeah
he's me he's good. He's just a little
old thank yorkie. But
you're right but
he's so special. He don't don't even think he knows how to bite. He's so special.
He needs I feel like I got a special education little town moving in my house.
He's 11.
No he usually
not
million.
It
is.
They called me, they scared me, they called me and said um well
we have to report it because there was a nurse that worked there that had that had it tested positive. Oh but she didn't work here when she tested positive. She worked at another facility. So I'll take talk to my mom and I was like no I said I don't think they would have called me and told me if they didn't really feel concerned about it, you know? So.
And the
gas
station people getting gas and stuff like I mean they handle people's money all day, you know what I mean? So I feel. Yeah.
Absolutely.
So.
No.
Yeah. All of a sudden you essential like well we were an essential when you was paying us you know crap money and didn't care overworking us you know all that stuff day today. You know my best friend she always wants me to come over. I'm like you work at a gas station. Ain't nobody fooling with you. You know I gotta compromise immune system. Ain't nobody holding with you. You can stay home girl. She ended up with struck uh she ended up in the hospital. I said, oh God. So
what is it? And she said it's strip I said you got the corona girl. She said no, it's trip. And she said you don't know how happy I was to come
back strip lesson.
is
pair.
my
How?
That's funny. My wife was doing the fasting and working out and then she come down here and I said, oh you've got to get some good food down here in Georgia. And Lord, she went back home. I said you ain't faster no more. She said girl. Through all that. She said Ain't even no need. I don't got in and got some good cooking because she lived just hurt hunter son. He's 20. He don't do much. So I guess he must have from now. But whatever. Uh he
and All right. 38. I'm going every time I got two kids. Um I really I I don't have any bother. I I just got the two step kids. But uh he
said
I've got down there and got the good cooking. I ain't trying to do the faster now. She said I don't mess it all up. I said my bad. Yeah.
I said girl
big girl. I'm not trying to work out. I don't care about working out. I don't hate all my quarantine snacks in like three days like doughnuts and weak. This is I'm not
trying to know.
That's right. That's right. And it's it's
been a little bit harder since she left. I feel like I've been getting a little bit more weight because I don't want to do you know what I mean? Kind of you know you get down sometimes you don't want to do too much. So I feel like I've been eating more than Normally. I looked down and I was like I looked 12 months pregnant, looks like I got twins here. I look like
I got twins.
Job.
We try to like send mama
care packages. Uh I got I got to I got three other siblings, two brothers, one brother, he's a couple of years younger than me and then I got twins. Um and they they just turned 22 in March. Yeah.
So we you know none of us can go see her. But we all been sending their care packages and goody
snacks. It's like
well we
can't see. But you will make you fat. I don't
know who makes
them you
know you
got them.
Sex.
Yeah. So how y'all doing on the toilet paper and Clorox?
That's
good.
I
got
a big family.
I'm sorry.
All
What?
No.
Yeah. We struggled with the toilet paper for a long time. Like
I had to go camp out in all the general parking lot. I'm not lying. Had to go camp out dollar general parking lot at seven a.m. Because they open at eight And they threw the tele paper. Everybody. I mean it was gone within 20 minutes because I kept going to the store early. That was like coming for 12. It runs out for 12. So I kept going back 10 11th. You know I try to get up there by 10 and he's like no I live in a real small town in Georgia. It's just a little country town like out in the sticks town. So we're gonna got but like dollar, general, family dollar, we got a little local grocery store, we ain't got no walmart, nothing like that, nothing big. So it's it's real small and like you I looked up our population, it's only 2500 people in our town. So there's that uh yeah, I know my
wife, she would but she looked up like 5200. She said oh so we just got, she's I was like okay, she's like this really is the stick. So I was like it really is. But I like living out here in the country. I like it is peaceful, it's quiet.
But
you
know.
And
say
I didn't get no heads up like that. I was trying I was too busy trying to take care of stuff. You know? I have not spoken with on my own because I have epilepsy and I have like a device in my chest and it has wires and all those shots. My brain. But anyway, uh so this like I've been living on my own by myself for six months
because last years when my mama went into the coma, um she was in a nursing facility for rehab for rehabilitation to you know, get to walking again. She hadn't messed up real bad. Um I don't she just got real sick and ended up in the hospital and all that. So she ended up nursing home. Well I went to go visit her and she was she she knew who I was but she didn't know who her other kids were. Like, I was like, what are your other kids names? And she couldn't tell me. And I went out there. I said, how long is my mama been like this? Y'all didn't even tell me she's got an I. V. In her arm or will her blood sugar drops of blood pressure drop. I said, put her in the hospital except I want an ambulance here, take
Sf I said, y'all should have been done, done that. So, they took her over the hospital as soon as she got there, they had to intubate her and all that. Well then she went into a coma. Mm hmm. So, me and my brothers and sister, they met me at the hospital. Well, I'm kind of like her caretaker in a sense. So, I was making the medical decisions and they said, well, you can go home. We don't live we live about 2020 25 minutes from the hospital as well. You know she's in a coma. They said well she's here and I see you nothing we can do. Just wait it it's gonna it's not gonna be a race it's you know it's gonna be a marathon. So um they said why don't you go home rest? Well I got a call early the next morning, won't then want me to sign A D. N. R. That she because she was supposed to die that day that was like she ain't gonna make it. But a couple more hours
I lost it allowed I lost it, I lost it.
So
but
yeah she ended up she they said they had her on all the drugs that they would give somebody who coded and they're like we have no more medicine to give her. So she don't pull out of this, there's nothing she can't and she's not gonna survive if we give her uh
CPR or anything like that. Yeah and they said so I mean we just kind of I mean it was hard, we stayed by her bedside day and day out And she fought, she stayed in there for a whole week in like day eight I think she finally opened her eyes and it was it was a miracle, I was like oh my gosh.
I wanted to come back home, she had to stay
in
the hospital
for a while um until she learned how to talk again, you know she she learned how to talk again and um and all that. It was it was a hard time in the hospital because it was a lot, I had to talk her into letting them due to her like put a picc line in, she had a fit and I was like mama you ain't got no veins left for them to keep drawing blood and running medicine. I said let him put a pick around here and for that. You know it was a hoe mess and when she they let her out of ICU that was a whole another mess. Um
Thank
you. I try.
it's been passed 25 minutes you know?
don't
think that. I was like well we're just still talking so
look we don't get human interaction much outside the house. Well
like
No.
Well we can't meeting all the stranger while
you play.
You're states
away.
It's
afternoon.
I
wish
you all the best to and you take care.
Bye.
you as well. All right, bye bye. Right.
I don't, hold on girl, let me switch back over here. Hold on.
stop it.
That I locked us in the meeting room.
Yeah hold on. It says uh well that's that. And then this is do not move. Let's see, click here to open the tab. You begin your conversation. Do not move on to the next page until you've opened conversation in a new tab. You
will not be able to go back to this page and you will not be able to begin your conversation. Um No. Once the chat window is open, timer will appear here on the survey
Pay.
Well
I didn't see no timer.
Oh Lord. Girl, tell me that we wasn't supposed to hit record. Stop it. We were supposed to hear record.
I
didn't
mean
I
didn't.
I thought so too. I don't see No I see a little red button but I don't see no record button.
Uh huh. Bottom left hand corner.
Yeah that's
where
you
any
okay let me read the rest of it. Um Let's see. The timer starts from the moment you get on this survey page. So it may already show some time has passed when you first see it. You can use the timer to keep track, remember to keep up 25 minutes. So I guess we just get you go back to the other page where I just I'm sitting here looking uh
where are you? Lord blessed me. Um You know the page that you have to click on to get to it, Go back to that and then hit the next. Mhm.
Yeah I think so girl I think we'll leave him for real.
It was nice talking to you.