Hi,
how are you?
What do you do
like
psychology?
Um
Oh
were you on like zoom classes or something? Uh huh.
Yeah.
I'm looking for work right now
sadly.
my son mom is a special ed teacher at a high school. Do you work like are you like a teacher?
Um Well she's like the I don't know the exact, she's like the manager of most of the teachers, so most of the teachers work for
her. But I don't I don't
yeah department that's what it is. I'm not super close, there's no details. Um
Yeah so I'm like a little sleep deprived, very nauseous. Sorry if I'm lacking
come
because
uh um what are your hobbies? What do you like for fun? I don't know, a
large
time.
What do you play?
Keep up.
What? Oh yeah I have.
I was playing animal crazy. Was such uh but uh it wasn't going to say oh the are what they are said, do you have? Because I was like looking into that
the rift s I was
just reading
about like the controversy with the Oculus and the facebook, I don't know if you read about that, how you
need a facebook accounts and play with it, right? I
don't know.
Then maybe it's like only this newest one that they're requiring it and people are freaking out about it I guess. But
no.
I'm intrigued by the stand alone because I don't have like the best pc for that kind of way. Don't you need like a really good pc to run those other ones? Yeah.
Oh that's it.
But
it's impressive. You built it, you can brag about it.
Um like I go through occasional phases, like I'm mostly my boyfriend and I will play or trade off playing assassin's creed and that's what was then like. Yeah animal crossing. Um Yeah I'm more like a chill like starting valley. Uh I don't know if you know that. Uh Yeah,
I guess yeah, most people know that. Uh Do you have like a favorite RPG? Haven't played a lot of RPGS?
Dragon quest.
That's cool though. If something cool dad um Late, so you have a 14 year old in, you have two kids?
yeah that's
you.
damn.
I do. I love, I played like one installment as a kid, I can't remember which one it was but it was really fun. Uh
that's so cute.
God they're like little kids twitch streamers you can watch or something because that sounds so cute. You should set like a dad daughter twitch stream and I would watch that
It's like something with the program.
You can program it to do things. What is it?
that's
so cool.
is that difficult to set up
or is it?
that's cool. Oh
Yeah I like that.
I'm from what I usually live in colorado but were covered in smoke right now in my area and like we're pretty close to an evacuation area. So right now
I'm at my grandma's house and Cheyenne Wyoming like hating
out.
Yes. Um Where you at? Okay.
Oh yeah my sister was just living there for a few months and she wants to move back.
Has,
yes, I don't know why my sister wants to. Um
Yes,
like a lot of people are stuck in America um mm mhm
yeah. It is frequent.
Uh huh
um
yeah, sorry, my brain is dying right now.
Fire.
Um I like to learn like random well and this is so cliche. I don't know. I never want to say this because I'm worried people would judge me, but I'm starting to be a yoga teacher and
I really
cool. I don't
know.
And
Oh,
smart.
Okay. Because I like, I really, I've gotten really into like flow are types of things like hula hoop contact juggling.
boy and all
the
contact
agree.
It's like, have you ever seen the movie Labyrinth David bailey. Well, there's a guy that you can look up a video. It's such a good video is behind the scenes video and in the, you know how he plays with that, like glass ball that's contact juggling. But there's a guy actually, a famous contact juggler standing behind David Bowie, like with his hands in front of David Bowie's
face, like contact juggling when, whenever he's doing that in the movie and you can look that up. But it's funny and entertaining. But
I'm discovering many things great. Um, but I'm really into that. Like, I like to do, like circus are type of shit. Like even with kids, like, I think
that'd be cool because I went to an alternative elementary school where they taught me to juggle and stuff and that was cool. And then I went to regular public school and it killed me and it could have used more things like that. Yeah. But yeah, it's just nice to feel like that's what's keeping
me saying. There's a lot of like movement based shit. I don't know. I don't know what I'm saying, but meditative things. Yeah.
Somehow
it is really pure.
Come
on.
spanish.
That's
hilarious.
I've read about that is, it's sometimes I get into like my boyfriend's sister was inviting him, it was her birthday recently and she wanted to go to like
a trampoline park and shit. And I was just like, I felt insane because I want to be like, you're
not
allowed to Tripoli, but it's like, I don't want people to stop like living their lives, but at the same time, I'm just like, you know, I see my mom and other people that I just don't want to spread it to them. Like I feel so guilty if I gave somebody Covid that I'm more have a paranoia about like spreading, I feel like, but you have to keep my anxiety and shape I
There we are.
Yeah. I persuaded
like all my family to start doing this survey say just
for extra money. Um,
what
I've made like over $500 is in a few months. It's nice. It's a good, yeah.
Do you have like a recommendation for another one? Because I don't really know any others that are looks good.
That's what I thought. Yeah.
Wendell,
Ben
dale
write that
down.
Okay. I suppose out. I tried someone called one called user testing or something, but I was screened out of every single one I clicked and I got really annoyed and stopped using.
same yet.
Thank you.
Well so I just got a huge like have that prolific study
notified thing on and so like blast my ear drums.
I'm like
study.
Okay. Um what was that guy? I don't know, I've lost him right now. My my boyfriend's family
lives in Loveland in their areas like one mile from an evacuation order and they want us to go drive down there and get their car and like all their stuff because they went to florida.
I'm like stressed out because she
sent me like this massive
itemized list and
then like a map, my boyfriend's sister,
of her room where all the items she wants me to gate.
And
uh it's on the now the camera peak fire is now the biggest wildfire in colorado history and it's only it's half contained now, but the winds have been really bad, so that's fun. Yeah,
basically the entire
west, If you look on a map, the entire west is just on five, it's great. Yeah.
You know, wow, rich people don't want to do anything about it. Um Sign up. She's um Mhm. Who are you voting for? Let's just go there.
this is what it looks like you.
No.
Sos Organ Seuin.
No,
she's libertarian. You're a libertarian. Like the
opposite.
Yeah, it's gotten to that point. Um
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, we're not
no mind separate political argument suddenly regret.
I
did,
I did go there. I was just curious because you seem like, I just don't understand like you
seem like so kind empathetic. You work with autistic
Children, you have two Children, you have a wife, you have a daughter and it's like a man literally like with like 13 rape accusations is
like
it was a piece
of
shit.
How
do you
love
me
that? Okay.
I
don't know about
trump's but yeah.
Mm I
also haven't you? Yes.
That's interesting.
I almost feel like it's like one party
has a bottle of coke and
they only believe a certain section of society will get it so they put it behind like a million steel bars that like no citizen will ever ever get to that coat but they keep they keep
like an image of the coke on tv and say you know if you work really hard you can get this coke. You know it's like they're really good at that side of it where it's like oh, if I, you know, I just might have a taste of that delicious coat if I vote for these people. But really it's like if you look at their policies, they're doing everything possible to keep it away from me and
at
all.
I agree.
And
okay. But like,
like when people say that like literally on people who make $400,000 or more, like there's a lot of weird propaganda where it's just like fearmongering taxes and I feel
like that's strange.
okay. I will.
I
will
soon.
Where
I feel like uh huh just, you know like the literal literal facts that have come out about how he's literally treated immigrants literally
taking like nursing babies from their moms. And like just literally like, I think that's why that's why like I never wanted like I really hear you and I understand why yeah while you're doing it, but at the same time I'm like there's a like just biden had a town hall yesterday and if you look at like him literally after they cut off his mic, staying three more hours just to talk to people and just to answer people's questions and just like seeing I really don't like vitamin E. He's not my ideal candidate at all. But just seeing his humanity and his empathy,
I just feel like at least I have a little bit more
trust even though and I really think all those promises have been lies because corporate interests and our government are so insane. But to me it seems very clear that trump is the corporate can very clearly joe
biden
too.
But.
that's true.
I just think trump wants the exact opposite of that like I just think if you look at the last four years yeah
had
but
I also think like one last point that
trump is such a master of saying exactly what his primary voter base wants to hear all politicians are masters of it, but he has switched like at least joe biden has been, I'm pretty sure a democrat and stuck to most of his principles his entire career and when he is wrong I've heard him admit to that trump seems like he was a democrat, republican democrat, republican depending on like who would vote for him, like you know like or what he thought
would give him power. So it just seems to me like even when you say that trump like you agree with him more, all I see is like all you see is a manipulative psychopathic knows what to say to make people happy and that. I don't like I don't I just have no I have no trust for him, you know? So it's like
how
but how can you vote for someone you don't trust at all? Who is a despicable person? Like don't you want to vote for someone? You at least feel like I have a lot of respect already. Probably I don't even know that girl but she's not true but to vote independently more than to vote in the two party fucked up corrupt this. I have like way more respect for that than hearing someone say they're going to vote for trump just because I don't know. I still don't understand your rational.
Do you have a dog?
Let's part on good terms
and show me your duck. All right. Is it a girl or a boy? She's so cute.
This
camp well we've been talking a long time. How long have we?
We're
good
politics will do that. Okay thanks for discussing that with me and sleep.
Thank you. Good luck with life. Children classes, everything.
Um It was good talking.