Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Hi,
how's it going?
Good. Just finishing the work. Yeah. Yes,
I am a behaviorist.
Thank
you. No, I work with most of the kids are autism. Yeah.
Hence the cool autism superman. Sure to
have on set. Mhm, mm hmm.
I've been doing a lot of different stuff today. Yeah. Um
What do you do? Mhm.
Got
you a lot of people. Yeah.
I work for a non for profit right now, but I do consulting with schools and I do a lot of different stuff. Um It's high demand. So you know, I have kind of like a normal job, but I have a bunch of side jobs. So yeah. But yeah, I was working today. I was working with some uh consulting with some of the teachers. So that was fun. Mhm. Yeah. So where does what's your mom teaching? Special ed?
But
is like a department head?
Mhm.
That's
alright. I've been up since
6 30 this morning so.
man I'm a large
child.
I got I got two kids so that they take up most of my time. I work a few jobs so that takes up more of my time. I'm not doing that, I'm pretty much laying around playing video games so that's like that's few and far between. It's usually at night after everyone's a bit.
But everything. I'm a big RPG fan, you know I don't play against other people normally just you know play sports games though. Mhm. All that sort of stuff. So I have
a V. R. System. Playstation
But.
I have I have the rift. S
that
one.
No.
I
I mean I have a facebook account but I don't use it for my Oculus. It's not signed into their at all. So it's just owned by facebook. Uh
Okay. Yeah that's like
probably one of the standalone systems. My brother in law has it?
I built along when we were in a much smaller house and I had expendable income and I honestly almost never use it. It's like it kills me. I literally dropped about two grand on a pc. And
yeah I almost never use it and so I have a very expensive paperweight right now
so
I didn't really build it when I say I built it, I picked the components and its own building for me. Hey that's the extent of it. So you're a gamer?
do
Oh man you're like tapping into my geek side here. Um there was a series called Dragon Quest.
Yeah, it's huge in Japan, It's okay here. But I literally played it before, I knew what an RPG was when I was like seven or eight and I've played every single one except one of them. And that's because it's like a memo that they only released in Japan and no one translated. So yeah, I'm like I said I'm a large child, but I've been playing video games like over 30 years. So like, it's kind of funny now because like my nephews are like, I have a nephew that's like 14 and I work in high school and they're like, you know, do you play this? And like I have played every single one and like what? You know, So I feel old when I talk about this stuff. Mm uh
No, well my, that's my nephew, I have a four
months
you have a four year old and a nine month old. Yeah
and the four year old we play. Um I just got her into some video games we've been playing Kingdom Heart. I hope you know that one.
Yeah this is the first one I played. It's fun. She's like you know she actually said to me last night she goes daddy when you pick me up from daycare can you get me a new weapon for Goofy? I'm like I'll see what I can do.
So it's cool.
I probably should. That's that's an idea because she gave her a fake controller. Uh It's just not turned on because it's a one player game and it's actually it's like a legit game. It's not easy. I've died a few times and yeah so she's playing there but we got I don't know if you ever hear something called the Raspberry pi.
Well
it's actually a hacker tool but they make video games from it and I have everything like super Nintendo Sega genesis, like that whole line and everything before and they're complete libraries. So I got that because for my wife and I've been playing that with my daughter, so we've been playing like old school like Zelda and like chip and dale rescue rangers and
it's like
of fun. So
again,
it's not what I paid someone to do it, you know, it's like, you know, it's like one of those like legal gray areas, if you ever own the game, you're allowed to own a digital copy. So it's all open source and they don't they don't really protect it anymore. So it's got like I looked in and like it was like 60 bucks for the parts. This guy is like it was like 90 bucks to have it shipped here. I'm like yeah I'll go for that.
it has about has about 8 9000 games on it. So yeah.
Working money. Yeah. So where are you from?
order.
That's
a big that's a big difference.
New york yeah right outside of new york city.
Yeah I'd
like to move anywhere.
I'm stuck. Okay. Yeah, stuck.
Yeah
mm It's tough man. I mean my family's here and I want to leave them. My parents are getting older sisters here. My you know my wife's family is here. I want them to see my daughters grow up. Mhm I got a job here but like we're counting down the days like like 18 years there in college I can retire. You know it's literally like that and then you know go someplace like Wyoming or colorado probably you know down south somewhere. It's cheaper.
My area is being overrun by certain things. Yeah. Uh
huh. Mhm.
Yeah
it's all good. It's
all good. So besides video games, what do you like to do for fun?
It's
not that's cool.
I
live just south of new york city. There's not much
you can say that, I'm gonna be like oh that's kind of weird. Alright my friends have started their own religions. Uh
My friends at the most liberal people you know and the most conservative people you'll ever meet. Um
I believe me, I run the gamut here.
What contact
juggling?
That's
something I've never
heard of before.
It's
I never knew that's what that was called. I didn't even know it was a thing. Just cool.
If
Thanks.
it makes sense. It makes sense. You gotta keep you sent me. It's
hard. It's hard right now.
Mhm. I'm lucky. I have a job that I could do remote most days. I have like my family around me, but I have some friends that are like, I have some friends that are older and their compromise and they've just been alone for like 67 months. And I even have some younger friends that are like wearing a tinfoil hats and they're like, no, I can't walk down the street, I'm gonna get Covid and
like,
you know, and then they're like, I've been like seeing them, I'm following one of my friends on facebook and I'm like, but he has lost his fucking mind, like he has lost his mind like he started a a clothing line. Mhm. And he named it, I forget what the name of it was, but all of them, all of his t shirts just say fucked if you C. K. Apostrophe B. And then it's like, it has just like nineties pop references, so you'll see like kelly capacity from saved by the bell and behind it, just the words fucked. And he's like, why is no one buying my clothing line? Like, I don't know dude, like,
you know,
and
like he's a musician and and all that, he's still trying to make it more power to yet. And you know, he teaches music, you know, through one of these companies and does all that. But his downtime, he's like, he's trying to become like, he's doing like six different things. I'm like, he's like, well it's work. I'm like dude, you ain't making money, like you just spent $8000 on a music video. Like that's the opposite of work like, you know? So yeah, like I hear you in my area is like one of the hardest hit in the country. No.
But
thank
you.
You know, it's one of those things that I know a lot of people that have had already and my friends that are older than me and they're like forties and fifties, it's like having a really bad case of pneumonia that just makes it hard to breathe after a while. It takes a while go away. My friends that are my age and younger, you know, it sucks you're sick for a week or two. You're good. But I also know people have passed from it because they were, you know, in nursing homes and they were compromised and things like that. Like that's that's the rough part. And we have we have a group of people that aren't taking it seriously and they're doing whatever they want. They actually have a lot of political influence. And it's making it really bad to live here because like a lot of racism is coming out towards this group probably rightfully. So I hate to say it, but like people of the same religion are hating on these people, but no, don't don't don't put us in with them. Like they're, you know, they're saying like some really nasty things about this group. Um But it makes it frustrating because it's like things keep on closing down because of them. Like if you look at my county where the town they live in is very small and it is the most concentrated part of Covid. And then the rings get smaller and smaller as you leave that part because of them. And so it's frustrating. So if you're not living like that, go out and enjoy yourself from someone that's like a covid ground zero, you know?
Yeah, I'm home this week because of some of the people I work with got exposed. And so um they had a quarantine. We didn't have enough people to actually go live. So that's why I'm home. That's why I'm like, I got the email from prolific. Oh, you could do this for, she was 17 50 like anything to make a few extra bucks because two daughters, let's do it. Christmas is coming up. Mhm.
At first.
Thank you.
My my my wife thinks I'm nuts. My
wife thinks I'm. Yeah.
I'm on a bunch of them and I just kind of like figure out like, you know which ones pay the best and which ones have the best chance and I'm just like constantly on my phone like during my downtime doing them. Yeah and so it's I've done pretty well over the past few years.
prolific is the best.
It's the best because it's like a lot of them you have to be patient could get screened out a lot. So prolific is the best vandal is okay. Um
Yeah then they'll
research,
they
bunch
of them that are a dollar apiece. Um Now if you click on it and then you close the like you know if I do it on my cell phone, if I go after I finished the dollar one it goes back to the page but I have to go back in my browser and the dollar was still there. If you go forward it will it will disappear and you can do up to like 10 of them a day. Yeah so that was pretty good. Swag bucks is fun. They have like a trivia game, like a lot of little contests. They have surveys, you know fairly goals and stuff like that. That was fun. You know, I like doing the trivia thing at night. Mhm. So
Yeah all of them are like that except prolific, which is why I like prolific and even once in a while I get screened out and prolific
What the hell?
Like that shouldn't happen. But yeah it's by far the best but there's like you know like on days like today where I'm working from home I can keep the browser open and I could do pretty well. Mostly other times I forget to check it so
but
I
have it
too.
replace
cheese.
It
was
that's
Made it.
I didn't even realize colorado
was on fire like that.
big
this
they gotta start doing something about that. It's getting worse every year.
Oh, you just want to straight out, are you
man? I don't know, I'll be honest, probably trump. But uh you know,
I really want jo jorgensen to win.
Yeah. Are you familiar with her?
She's libertarian.
I'm
I'm nothing, I'm moderate. I think so. Uh you know, like I said, I have some very liberal friends, I have some very conservative friends and so I think they're both assholes, you know,
But it's true, I think donald trump. I think the damage he will do is more easily fixed and the damage that biden would do and it said that I got to vote like that. So
good.
You went there, you
went
there.
No
that's
he's
a he's a piece of shit
you
do.
Please
don't
get me
wrong
I'm
not voting for the person, I'm voting for the policies biden is a much better person. I also think biden's his brain is applesauce at this point. Um He
has
dementia.
Um So you're really voting for Kamala Harris um
And
you know she's I don't like her but she's a better person than trump is too. But when when I look at the parts that I'm liberal, when I look at the policies that I'm very liberal on okay, trump is kind of wait. That's why I could explain if you have a bottle of coke right? If you say you want to pour that back that that that bottle of coke into a glass the way I see it, one party is going to take that glass and just that bottom, just drop it on the floor. The other part is gonna put a pile up on the shelf and said no, you ain't having it. That party drops on the floor. I'm never getting that coke. That guy puts it high on the shelf. I might still get that coat.
So that's the way I look at it. Yeah.
That
good.
Come.
I don't
think
it's it's vote I don't think voting for them is going to get me anything. Honestly, I think that both I honestly I'm discussing with both parties
any any time in history, any time in history there has been an extreme government left or right. It has not ended well for that country. And both parties I voted for trump the first time, hoping that because the left was getting very left and I'm like, all right, maybe we won't get so many career politicians and he'll open things up. It's the opposite has happened, the left has gotten more left and the right has gotten more right and I don't care which side you choose. I think it's going to end badly if it keeps on going that direction left or right, and so whoever is left holding the ball is going to be the ones that blamed. But really, I mean, it's it's like, would you rather get kicked in the natural poked in the eye? Like that's that's the question being asked by for by the politicians. And it's like, isn't there an option c so, you know, um you know, every everyone I've talked to, everyone I've talked to does the same thing that you do, and it's um how can you vote for someone like that? And no one ever tells me why I should vote for the other side. And so I look at these issues and I go, all right, what's going to affect my, my family more? And at this point, I hate to say race relations doesn't affect my family. I have very unique views on immigration. I think both sides are wrong. I think the left is actually just trying to make them all legal to gain a greater voting base. It's what they did in the sixties by letting black votes. And there is a direct quote from one of the senators that actually said, the n words will be on our side for all time if we do this. It was a direct quote from a sixties politician when they let let them vote. And so I think that's what's going on with the left. I don't like the wall. It's the dumbest idea ever, especially with the advent of airplanes. Um, but um, I am struggling to live a minimum middle class lifestyle and I am being taxed to death. Um, I'm being taxed to death and the republicans are at least not talking about raising taxes and the democrats are definitely talking about raising taxes and
so,
but
but
that, that's what they've always said. And it's always like we're going to tax the Ridge, but it never comes out that way. It never comes out that way. And I mean new york unfortunately is a very democratic run state. And so you're talking by someone that has been beat up by the democrats over and over and over again, property taxes alone and pay $10,000 a year, $10,000. Um, and I am, I literally bought my parents house. I'm literally in the same field. My father was, my father's single, single income earner, was able to support a family of five in this very house. I am struggling doing the same job my father did to raise two kids in the same exact house where my wife is making equal salary as I am. That's under the democrats that have said the same faith and new york, you can look it up with the exception Giuliani, very democratic state. And so I keep on hearing that. But experience has told me different things time and time and time again. And so like, you know, I'm hearing, I'm hearing I'm not going to raise taxes, I'm going to give you a tax break and trump did trump did and I'm hearing we're gonna give all this stuff away, but the really rich are going to pay for it. And I've heard that my entire life from from Democratic candidates and every time it's been a lie. And so whose life am I going to believe? And that's really what I'm saying? Like I don't think trump is a good person, but I do think just my life, my life might be a little better than the bidens. And you know, I'll be honest, I've been demonized because I'm a white male, like that is my I am the enemy all of a sudden, and I've always had black friends. I've always had gay friends. I've always had many different ethnic friends. Um but I'm being told time and again, that like I've been passed over for jobs and I've been, I found out it was because I was a white male with the best qualifications and you know, I'm not asking anyone who feels sorry for me because I know that I've gotten a lot more living in suburbia, but um at this point in time, I think trump's a piece of shit. I'm gonna look out for who I think is what's gonna be best for my situation. And I think that's what everyone does in this country. To begin with, everyone that says, well, I'm voting for the greater good. I also think they're promoting for the policies that are going to help them the most and so that's what I'm doing. But jo jorgensen look her up good.
She's good.
I
know a lot of liberal friends that are like, wait a minute, No, I'm actually moderate. I'm
libertarian. They say government and the government will fuck anything up that it touches so we're going to do as little as possible to touch it, so we don't fuck things up for you. That's the libertarian stance. I'm behind that. So, but she's not even almost ballots. So, sadly,
I'm probably going to have to fight for both the trump, sadly.
That's
People,
but
terrible
human
being,
terrible, terrible human being. But, you know, this capitalism is the purest form of democracy there is, and our democracy has actually ruined capitalism, so because we, you know, we're not allowed to bribe voters, but were allowed to bribe politicians, and so as much as I hate him,
Bernie Sanders is right on the money where he says the system is corrupt and we have to stop um we have to stop lobbyists, so yeah.
I
completely agree. You're preaching to the choir, but I also live in an area that um illegal immigration is a hot bed. I can't tell you how to people I know have been these were and let me make this clear, this isn't me being xenophobic. Um hard working people that were trying to go about their lives and earn a living for their family and they were driving illegally because they had to and then they hit people and then they ran because they were afraid of being deported and I know people that have gone through serious trouble, I know three people alone that that has happened to them in my county because of illegal immigration and so the system is broke and I'm not saying what trump is doing is right. I think it's disgusting, but what Kamala Harris wants to do is just grant them all citizenship and I think that's bullshit too. But if you, if you grant them all citizenship, you can't take that back. There is that you can uncork that bottle if you are cracking down on them now maybe sometimes there will be a common sense candidate says no wait a minute. We have to take a look at these people individually and figure out a way to to fix this. But that kind of candidate doesn't exist. And so I go through all the policies and I'm very left on some of them. I'm very right on some of them. But when I look at the ones that I'm you know um that I disagree with more unfortunate line up with trump. It's not a good person. But I think that's the thing is that everyone is looking about how how can you vote for someone that is this disgusting And that's what they did with Hillary and Hillary was equally as disgusting she is. And so what they're saying is wait a minute we're not going to look at our policies and that's what I wish they would do. So
anyway,
go ahead.
And
me neither. Me neither. I do appreciate the choir,
but you know
uh and that's the beauty of democracy. You don't have to, you know, it's, you know, and you know, like I said, I don't think there's a good solution to it. So you know, the people are like, well how are you voting for him? I could easily turn around and say how you voted for her and like I said, I don't believe biden is going to even make it past two years. I don't, if he did, if I did for a second, maybe I would consider it, but I don't. So anyway,
I do. Would you like to meet my dog
transcend?
Yeah. She was unfortunately, she was abused. We got her when she was seven months, so you can just now um you probably don't see it, but she forms from a much better. I've never hit the dog and I hit her once and it was out of reflex because she stepped on my toe. Bet so bad. The nail came off and I just smack her. But yeah, it was it was my wife's like, why are you hitting our money? Look at my toe, the nail is gone. I literally just smacked her. But um it wasn't even a hard hit. That was the only time we've had her for 55 years. Six years. Yeah. Mhm. My
copy.
We're good.
It's been like
35 minutes.
Absolutely good luck with the fires. Mhm.
I appreciate
you too. Bye.