SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Hi. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna hurt you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. And I just finished, look,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I haven't been home too long myself.
SPEAKER_R: are you working from home or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm working up to students who do home network currently. I'm just going to, you Renee the
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: rest,
SPEAKER_R: do you do for work? Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a research veterinarian. How
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: about you?
SPEAKER_R: I work in finance, I work on, so for a financial services company I work um become the strategy side. Uh So we my team just works on like funding allocations, so within my group there's multiple subunits and we really basically
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: work with the heads of each subunit to like allocate uh money. So you know, they can do they can work on the strategies and you know, take the money and
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: do whatever with.
SPEAKER_L: you're just working remote then? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've been working from home since uh april may in
SPEAKER_L: you office or do you prefer working remote?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, so I actually prefer working at the office because one. Yeah, so my company allows one day per week uh work from home like prior to covid. So you know, I was already used it and my my team my manager is quite flexible. So even if it's one day per week, you could you know, work two or three days per week doesn't matter. So yeah, I kind of miss talking to people and everything.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: understand.
SPEAKER_R: about how about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I love my teleworking days, but part of that's just because um I'm commute like 35-50 minutes and it's not really bad. Like I'm going against traffic, but not having to commute and waking up significantly later is amazing, especially cause I'm not a morning person. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's one of the advantages is that you could just roll out of bed and just open a computer and you know, you don't have to prepare anything, you know, shower, dress up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I'm in new york city so You know, the community in the morning is especially so if you if I leave at like eight 8 15 it's fine, right? It's not it's not that crowded, but once I leave at 8 30
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it, you know the subways packed, you're so close to everybody. Uh It's insane. So yeah, I guess it's not that bad right now. So if I go back to the office, you know it would be pretty empty I guess like the subway and I can always bike. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you think your company is going to um go back to the occasional teleworking or remote working thing or do you think they're going to do more remote working? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: like once. Yeah. If
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: if ever we can invite scene, you know once this is over I think.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like the sea level, they definitely want people to come back because
SPEAKER_L: Fuck
SPEAKER_R: they're saying like there's a job in productivity, you know, and there's a lot of collaboration going on at my company. So you know when you work from home you can't really talk to other people, you have to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like set meetings in order to ask questions.
SPEAKER_L: understand.
SPEAKER_R: And so they want they definitely want people to be in. But I think it's just that it will be more more flexible. So instead of one it used to be one day right work from home per week. I think they'll just be like you could work Maybe 2, 3 days from home and be in the office, 2 3 days. So because it's it's okay, like there's a drop in productivity but still like everything, every deliverable is getting reach. You know, it's not like we're not meeting expectations or anything. Right. It's just that I think they
SPEAKER_L: Isn't
SPEAKER_R: feel like
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: we could do much more that
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I feel like companies always feel that way. Mm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: How about you, do you think how do you think it's going to go for years?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know because I work for the government, so there's obviously just, they can only be so flexible. Um and obviously as a veterinarian, like there's only so much I can do from home, like working from home one day a week is totally reasonable because there's plenty of paperwork, stuff that I have to do new studies available on prolific. Let me close that window. That's obnoxious. Um So previously I wasn't able to work remotely at all. So how I'm hoping that like maybe they'll allow us to like one day a week moving forward.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, whenever you know you so what do you do more specifically as wondering like research?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Um So I primarily, sorry, I'm trying to find that window that's open and I can't find it. I don't know what's making that noise. Um, So
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I primarily, I'm taking care of the animals that are used in research projects. So
SPEAKER_R: that's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: generally the physical examinations and some of the inoculations, um I helped the researchers write their protocol as far as the animal use is concerned and assist with like animal model development. So for the we've actually been very busy because of covid, like we got money to be doing covid work like we have, I think we only have three vaccine studies going on right now. We're supposed to be another one. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: I see. And on what animals do they test? Is it like monkeys or
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: dogs?
SPEAKER_L: specialize monkeys. Um We also have mice, rats, hamsters, rabbits, ferrets. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We used to have goats and alpacas two but we don't have those anymore. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And which what city are you in right
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: now?
SPEAKER_L: outside of D. C. In Ireland.
SPEAKER_R: you see okay that's right interesting. I went to the scene once but I didn't like it as much.
SPEAKER_L: Fine
SPEAKER_R: Right it's I don't know if it's because I think I went during a federal holiday and it's just like the streets were empty, I didn't see that many people, it's like new york you know like doing holidays, it's empties out, most people there's tourists obviously but like most of the population is outside.
SPEAKER_L: and if you're in the wrong neighborhoods there's just nothing. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah downtown
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's empty, empty, there's nothing to do. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What part of the city are you in?
SPEAKER_R: midtown, yeah. Have
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you been to new york before? I'm
SPEAKER_L: Not so I was actually born on Long Island. Um My family moved south when I was quite young but it's been trying remember the last time I was in new york. It's been a while like it's like if I had to guess I was probably last in new york Like 2008. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's a long time.
SPEAKER_L: my brother lives upstate but uh there's nothing there, so right. Unless I actually really like the snow. So when I visited
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: Terror, I I enjoy the blizzards while no one else does, but other than the snow, I'm like there's nothing here, I'm not coming. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: do you like skiing have you skied before?
SPEAKER_L: I've only, I've skied once and I've snowboarded once and the snowboarding was quite unfortunate because I was on a mountain that had like fake snow, so it was really
SPEAKER_R: I see
SPEAKER_L: icy. So as a beginner, like it was just awful. I actually got a concussion so that um and the skiing I was in Seattle, so that was beautiful and I did better on that. But honestly I think it was the conditions because I feel like knowing what I'm good at. I should be better at snowboarding and skiing because skiing is just awkward. Uh but I want to go snowboarding again, I'm just Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think if you like snow it is perfect. Well maybe not like in december but january february, there might be some more snow, right? And then you just go up to Vermont, Vermont has nice mountains, so it's not too far. Yeah from us. Well on the in the northeast area, I don't want to go to colorado. Just tissue.
SPEAKER_L: that's a little intense. Do you hear a snowboard or anything?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I I do ski but it's been such a long time that I haven't, hopefully I'll pick it up, pick it up again this this winter, hopefully have time. So but we'll see what the virus. I don't know. We'll
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: see. Have you uh do
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you have any plans for vacations or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think around christmas probably like that weekend um go down to visit my husband's family um but probably just for that weekend and then we'll come back. But yeah, we don't really generally do too much. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: just yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of figure out what to do. I still have two weeks to take. Yeah most of my company we you know delayed their vacation until the end of the year so I don't think that anyone at the end of the year so I don't know what what to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my place is kind of like that, usually I'm like one of since I am not military, but I work with the military. Um So they often I'll take like a week or two off and I'm like the only one at work,
SPEAKER_R: Well that's nice because it's like you don't have much to do. Uh everyone.
SPEAKER_L: but I'm like, so why do I have to sit here all day when there's nothing to do?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's it, you just sleep. Yeah, it's funny. And to to get where you you are a random question, I thought about what type of degree do you need to be a church that
SPEAKER_L: a doctorate of veterinary medicine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's good. And did you always want to be, you know, do research or you want to have you tried the other path just being at that? But
SPEAKER_L: I always, I've always been interested in research, but I didn't want to be um like another term for research, fed his laboratory animal veterinarian. And I didn't used to want to do that, I used to want to be a zoo vet. Um But after I think in my second year of school, I kind of changed my mind. Like there's just there's fewer opportunities. Um which means you have less, you can be less picky about where you want to live and I personally don't want to live in the middle of nowhere. Um and I've never really met a lab animal vet that was dissatisfied with their job, but a
SPEAKER_R: Here.
SPEAKER_L: lot of unhappiest events and a lot of events that work really long hours and have no vacation and make no money. Um and
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: being that I'm almost 200 grand in debt. I'm not really cool without making no money for. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I well, yeah, I'm sure vets and you make a lot of money. There's one next to my place and there's a line
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: outside everyday people waiting to.
SPEAKER_L: It varies a lot. Um Like there are people in private practice That are making like 50,000 a year and there's people in private practice that are making $200,000 a year. Um like it's a big spread, but I never wanted to do private practice. Um like as much as I love cats and dogs, like hamsters and stuff, like it's every type of vet has a deal of customer service to some extent. Like currently it's more of a, like, I just have to like the phds are my customers. Um But it's different than the general public because it's a different kind of frustration when it comes up because you get people that don't want to pay for stuff stand by these vaccines are necessary and why does it cost so much? And I don't want to do that and I I just want to take care of your pet and I'm sorry that you have to pay me for that, but you do and it costs money and I'm not just like making up these random numbers um and
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just I'm an introvert so having to literally talk to people all day is like
SPEAKER_R: within
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: do it like I was good at it in school but it's exhausting and I don't like it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure. But is it is it hard on people mentally, I heard I read this in the news or something in the journal where um it's really hard for vets because most of the job is like euthanizing animals or something. Is that
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: true?
SPEAKER_L: so for lab animal events like me um there is a lot of euthanasia because when we're doing things like Ebola studies, like you don't give animals Ebola and then let them go. That's not how that works to get euthanized afterwards. Um So that's really hard. Um It kind of depends on what kind of vet you are because I think for private practice vets it's you get patients and obviously like you can't save everything and things are dying and that's hard. But you also get the kind of um hard cases where like an owner doesn't want to pay for something and they just want to eat the nice instead. What
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's hard. Right.
SPEAKER_L: what I do, like I have to euthanize things a lot, but it's for a reason like at least like we're making a vaccine or something like that, like I'm not just utilizing anything for no reason. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, it's it's hard.
SPEAKER_R: That's actually a good example that you give there where the owner doesn't have money and you know, you could save the animal, but it's just that you're not getting paid for it. Right, So do you do it if you do it then other people will take advantage of it?
SPEAKER_L: And you can only do so much, like most of us aren't millionaires, so it's really frustrating to like I have classmates to talk about this stuff, but um sometimes owners can't pay and they're willing to just surrender their animal um and
SPEAKER_R: Congress.
SPEAKER_L: then you can find other homes for it or whatever, but then you have the owners that can't pay and instead of surrendering, they want to euthanize and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you can't stop them.
SPEAKER_R: no it's their choice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that. That's that's crazy. Something. Yeah. You don't really think about us during the film? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Guess
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: in finance it's nice that you don't have to euthanize anything.
SPEAKER_R: No, exactly, it's it's an easy and so yeah, initially I was when I was younger I was studying health sciences, but then um you know, I wasn't good at it I guess like physics, I was fine with chemistry then I said
SPEAKER_L: Physics made physics.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I guess I kind of pushed me, it's like, oh no, I'm not doing that well, I was just going to go into business. So yeah, that's that's how I ended up here. I was, you know, I wanted to work in the health field but never never panned out.
SPEAKER_L: Well, are you happy where you were? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But it's just that, I feel like with stem fields, you know, it's you have much more job security, right? Well for now it's still we don't know where automation, what automation will take away, but still, you know, like your field, I don't think, You know, in 20 years it's going to be automated, right? So
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, it's hard to tell right now, but I think it's I'll be fine, but you never know that technology advances very quickly.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What do you think the worst part of your job is? Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I say like you I'm I'm I'm an introvert, so there's a lot of managing like stakeholders and my job we deal a lot with like uh
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: so in my team we each have a portfolio which consists of different subunits. And so, you know, I have like two sub units in my portfolio and I kind of help on others as well. But the thing I like the most I hate the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: is just like managing the stakeholders, but it's part of the job, right? You know, you talk a lot with these directors and stuff VPs and you know, it's not my favorite thing to do. I'd rather just crunched the numbers and stayed behind the scenes. But, you know part of the job where.
SPEAKER_L: I I definitely have co workers that are like they just don't understand the introvert thing and they're like why don't you never just pick up the phone and call me and I'm like because that
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: and I hate telephones, why would I do that?
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah. The big part is that like meetings where they're like, oh why don't you put out your camera and why don't you call me when you prefer just chatting? Right? It's easier just to chat. They just want to pick up the phone and call you. Like the one thing I like about china is that if they have questions you can look it up, right? You like the answer. That's that's also the advantage. But you know they like to just organize calls and stuff. So how about you? What's the worst part of your job?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Probably the euthanasia aspect, especially with things like monkeys, like I really like hamsters,
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: but hamsters don't have as much personality, like individual personality you say like a cat or dog or monkey, but with the monkey is when we have them for extended periods of time before their use, like you get to know them. Mhm. And they're all very different, like some monkeys like prefer um this this isn't the norm, but some monkeys are very comfortable with people. Um But you try to put, you try to pair house them with another monkey and they just they get so angry and they try to have to kill each other. Um And some monkeys just hate people. And some monkeys just have like weird quirks and you know what foods they like and like react to and like what music they like because we usually give them like um rooms will have radios and we'll put TVs and let them watch movies and stuff. So it's it's really hard when you end up like becoming attached what you're trying to do, but it happens and then you have to euthanize something.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure they tell you, you know, to not get attached with the animals because victor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in my previous position um working at the same place that I do now, I was essentially the primary clinical vet over the primary county. Um So that was hard because I got to know like all of the monkeys because I was in the rooms every day and I was the one that was primarily in charge of like their clinical care and everything. But now being more on the research side, I don't necessarily see them until they're being used for projects, which is a lot easier because I don't know them personally.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. And where do you house these animals like there in D. C. Or like in the city or out in the suburbs?
SPEAKER_L: More suburbs.
SPEAKER_R: In the suburbs? Again there do they have like their own room or it's like small cages?
SPEAKER_L: Um We have one building that is, it's actually a trailer. Um that has several monkey rooms and it's it's most of them are large rooms. Some of our rooms are kind of small. No wise. I feel like closets. Um but most of them are large rooms that will have um what we call quad cages. So two cages up top and twin bottom and you can take out the dividers in between. Um And then we have some other cages that are, I don't really know how to explain them, but they're just they're similar but they're a lot bigger and the way that you can configure them as opposed to um The quality cages, you can connect them but you can only connect them horizontally. The large uses, you can connect them horizontally and vertically so you can give them see shapes and like that kind of deal.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So they could go around like
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: we have a lot of rooms like that. Um We don't have any outdoor housing. The place
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: residency and you had monkeys in large outdoor cages and family groups. Which is really nice because you get like the babies and like the like grandma monkeys and they all work together. Um And then you get to do a lot of like cool behavioral stuff and whatnot. Um But in new york I know there's like Colombia has monkeys I
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know.
SPEAKER_L: think. Ny you have monkeys. I know Mount Sinai has some monkeys because they were hiring about a little while ago for monkey work. So even in like none of the city is except for Seattle that I can think about. The top of my head have like large numbers of monkeys in the city. And Atlanta has monkeys in like Atlanta. But I think most of their guys you're like out in the suburbs. But some usually the cities have like small numbers of monkeys like you won't find anything in a major city. Usually that has more than like 50 as opposed to like 500.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. That's right. And where do they go like once you're done with the testing and stuff do you euthanize all of them or? Uh.
SPEAKER_L: depends on the kind of work that you're doing. So where I am, everything that we're doing is infectious disease work. So either they get used or um if for some reason like a study gets planned then it gets cancelled and these monkeys are just sitting there, we'll try to shift their somewhere else so someone else can use them. Um But some of the places like if you're doing like behavioral research that isn't particularly invasive and doesn't involve any pathogens. Um There are um like sanctuaries that exist that you can send them to. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: And where did the animals come from? Like how do you source a monkey?
SPEAKER_L: depends
SPEAKER_R: Do you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: monkey. So um african green monkeys which are also called verve, it's um are wild caught in the caribbean. Um
SPEAKER_R: current man.
SPEAKER_L: All of the macaques are, well I can't say so macaques are either um shift from Asia or there's um there's several breeding colonies in the United States, like where I did my residency, we there was a breeding colony there, so we used our own monkeys. Um what else? But yeah that's pretty much it like either you're getting them from um one of the national breeding colonies or your shipping them from another country.
SPEAKER_R: And in those other countries are they bred for lab work or? Okay. It's only for that. That's interesting. I didn't know all this.
SPEAKER_L: It's interesting because did you hear about the the coronavirus mutation and make and uh yeah so we have to deal with stuff like that because obviously a lot of the diseases are zoonotic like could run the viruses. So when you get monkeys from china for instance china has a really high tuberculosis. Um Chase right
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and tuberculosis and zoonotic. So in the countries that we import monkeys from that have um a lot of tuberculosis cases, those monkeys are at higher risk of TB. And I have actually had a couple of tuberculosis cases from monkeys that were imported from china. Um And you also get things like there were a couple cases of tuberculosis. Um We're actually they found that the origin was from wild hogs that were around the farm and people got it from the hogs and the people gave it to the monkeys. My cat. It's like you're sitting here, Why can't I go to leave? Yes, It's fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It seems like exciting work. I see it's
SPEAKER_L: She was really upset when I don't let her in my lap. No. Mm. Mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. All right. I think we're at time right now so
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, I think so.
SPEAKER_R: it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking to you to have a nice rest of your day.
SPEAKER_R: You too? Right.