Hey,
I'm good. And I just finished, look,
are you working from home or?
What
do you do for work? Sorry?
that's
I work in finance, I work on, so for a financial services company I work um become the strategy side. Uh So we my team just works on like funding allocations, so within my group there's multiple subunits and we really basically
work with the heads of each subunit to like allocate uh money. So you know, they can do they can work on the strategies and you know, take the money and
do whatever with.
I've been working from home since uh april may in
Yeah. No, so I actually prefer working at the office because one. Yeah, so my company allows one day per week uh work from home like prior to covid. So you know, I was already used it and my my team my manager is quite flexible. So even if it's one day per week, you could you know, work two or three days per week doesn't matter. So yeah, I kind of miss talking to people and everything.
How
about how about you? Yeah.
Yeah. That's one of the advantages is that you could just roll out of bed and just open a computer and you know, you don't have to prepare anything, you know, shower, dress up. Yeah.
Yeah. And I'm in new york city so You know, the community in the morning is especially so if you if I leave at like eight 8 15 it's fine, right? It's not it's not that crowded, but once I leave at 8 30
it, you know the subways packed, you're so close to everybody. Uh It's insane. So yeah, I guess it's not that bad right now. So if I go back to the office, you know it would be pretty empty I guess like the subway and I can always bike. Yeah.
like once. Yeah. If
if ever we can invite scene, you know once this is over I think.
Yeah. So like the sea level, they definitely want people to come back because
they're saying like there's a job in productivity, you know, and there's a lot of collaboration going on at my company. So you know when you work from home you can't really talk to other people, you have to
like set meetings in order to ask questions.
And so they want they definitely want people to be in. But I think it's just that it will be more more flexible. So instead of one it used to be one day right work from home per week. I think they'll just be like you could work Maybe 2, 3 days from home and be in the office, 2 3 days. So because it's it's okay, like there's a drop in productivity but still like everything, every deliverable is getting reach. You know, it's not like we're not meeting expectations or anything. Right. It's just that I think they
feel like
we could do much more that
How about you, do you think how do you think it's going to go for years?
Yeah, whenever you know you so what do you do more specifically as wondering like research?
That's
that's it. Yeah.
I see. And on what animals do they test? Is it like monkeys or
dogs?
Mhm.
And which what city are you in right
now?
you see okay that's right interesting. I went to the scene once but I didn't like it as much.
Right it's I don't know if it's because I think I went during a federal holiday and it's just like the streets were empty, I didn't see that many people, it's like new york you know like doing holidays, it's empties out, most people there's tourists obviously but like most of the population is outside.
yeah downtown
it's empty, empty, there's nothing to do. So
midtown, yeah. Have
you been to new york before? I'm
that's a long time.
up
do you like skiing have you skied before?
I see
I think if you like snow it is perfect. Well maybe not like in december but january february, there might be some more snow, right? And then you just go up to Vermont, Vermont has nice mountains, so it's not too far. Yeah from us. Well on the in the northeast area, I don't want to go to colorado. Just tissue.
Yeah I I do ski but it's been such a long time that I haven't, hopefully I'll pick it up, pick it up again this this winter, hopefully have time. So but we'll see what the virus. I don't know. We'll
see. Have you uh do
you have any plans for vacations or anything?
just yeah
I kind of figure out what to do. I still have two weeks to take. Yeah most of my company we you know delayed their vacation until the end of the year so I don't think that anyone at the end of the year so I don't know what what to do.
Well that's nice because it's like you don't have much to do. Uh everyone.
Yeah, that's it, you just sleep. Yeah, it's funny. And to to get where you you are a random question, I thought about what type of degree do you need to be a church that
that's that's good. And did you always want to be, you know, do research or you want to have you tried the other path just being at that? But
Here.
Mhm.
Yeah, because I well, yeah, I'm sure vets and you make a lot of money. There's one next to my place and there's a line
outside everyday people waiting to.
Mhm.
within
that,
Yeah, I'm sure. But is it is it hard on people mentally, I heard I read this in the news or something in the journal where um it's really hard for vets because most of the job is like euthanizing animals or something. Is that
true?
Oh yeah, that's hard. Right.
Right.
That's actually a good example that you give there where the owner doesn't have money and you know, you could save the animal, but it's just that you're not getting paid for it. Right, So do you do it if you do it then other people will take advantage of it?
Congress.
that's
no it's their choice.
wow,
I didn't know that. That's that's crazy. Something. Yeah. You don't really think about us during the film? Oh.
Uh huh.
No, exactly, it's it's an easy and so yeah, initially I was when I was younger I was studying health sciences, but then um you know, I wasn't good at it I guess like physics, I was fine with chemistry then I said
yeah, I guess I kind of pushed me, it's like, oh no, I'm not doing that well, I was just going to go into business. So yeah, that's that's how I ended up here. I was, you know, I wanted to work in the health field but never never panned out.
But it's just that, I feel like with stem fields, you know, it's you have much more job security, right? Well for now it's still we don't know where automation, what automation will take away, but still, you know, like your field, I don't think, You know, in 20 years it's going to be automated, right? So
I don't know, it's hard to tell right now, but I think it's I'll be fine, but you never know that technology advances very quickly.
I say like you I'm I'm I'm an introvert, so there's a lot of managing like stakeholders and my job we deal a lot with like uh
so in my team we each have a portfolio which consists of different subunits. And so, you know, I have like two sub units in my portfolio and I kind of help on others as well. But the thing I like the most I hate the
most
is just like managing the stakeholders, but it's part of the job, right? You know, you talk a lot with these directors and stuff VPs and you know, it's not my favorite thing to do. I'd rather just crunched the numbers and stayed behind the scenes. But, you know part of the job where.
That's
it.
Exactly. Yeah. The big part is that like meetings where they're like, oh why don't you put out your camera and why don't you call me when you prefer just chatting? Right? It's easier just to chat. They just want to pick up the phone and call you. Like the one thing I like about china is that if they have questions you can look it up, right? You like the answer. That's that's also the advantage. But you know they like to just organize calls and stuff. So how about you? What's the worst part of your job?
Well.
I'm sure they tell you, you know, to not get attached with the animals because victor. Yeah.
Right. Right. And where do you house these animals like there in D. C. Or like in the city or out in the suburbs?
In the suburbs? Again there do they have like their own room or it's like small cages?
Yeah. So they could go around like
that.
I
don't
I didn't know.
Right. Right. That's right. And where do they go like once you're done with the testing and stuff do you euthanize all of them or? Uh.
And where did the animals come from? Like how do you source a monkey?
Do you? Yeah.
current man.
And in those other countries are they bred for lab work or? Okay. It's only for that. That's interesting. I didn't know all this.
Mhm.
Yeah. It seems like exciting work. I see it's
yeah. All right. I think we're at time right now so
it was nice talking to you.
You too? Right.