Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Hi. Yeah,
I'm gonna hurt you.
yeah, I haven't been home too long myself.
I'm working up to students who do home network currently. I'm just going to, you Renee the
rest,
I'm a research veterinarian. How
about you?
Mhm.
So
you're just working remote then? Mhm.
you office or do you prefer working remote?
I
understand.
I love my teleworking days, but part of that's just because um I'm commute like 35-50 minutes and it's not really bad. Like I'm going against traffic, but not having to commute and waking up significantly later is amazing, especially cause I'm not a morning person. Yeah.
it's amazing.
What?
you think your company is going to um go back to the occasional teleworking or remote working thing or do you think they're going to do more remote working? Mhm.
Okay.
And
Fuck
I
understand.
Isn't
it?
Mhm. I feel like companies always feel that way. Mm. Mhm.
I don't know because I work for the government, so there's obviously just, they can only be so flexible. Um and obviously as a veterinarian, like there's only so much I can do from home, like working from home one day a week is totally reasonable because there's plenty of paperwork, stuff that I have to do new studies available on prolific. Let me close that window. That's obnoxious. Um So previously I wasn't able to work remotely at all. So how I'm hoping that like maybe they'll allow us to like one day a week moving forward.
Mhm. Mhm. Um So I primarily, sorry, I'm trying to find that window that's open and I can't find it. I don't know what's making that noise. Um, So
I primarily, I'm taking care of the animals that are used in research projects. So
generally the physical examinations and some of the inoculations, um I helped the researchers write their protocol as far as the animal use is concerned and assist with like animal model development. So for the we've actually been very busy because of covid, like we got money to be doing covid work like we have, I think we only have three vaccine studies going on right now. We're supposed to be another one. But yeah
I
specialize monkeys. Um We also have mice, rats, hamsters, rabbits, ferrets. Uh
We used to have goats and alpacas two but we don't have those anymore. Yeah.
I'm
outside of D. C. In Ireland.
Fine
and if you're in the wrong neighborhoods there's just nothing. Yeah
mm.
Mhm. What part of the city are you in?
Mhm.
Not so I was actually born on Long Island. Um My family moved south when I was quite young but it's been trying remember the last time I was in new york. It's been a while like it's like if I had to guess I was probably last in new york Like 2008. Yeah
my brother lives upstate but uh there's nothing there, so right. Unless I actually really like the snow. So when I visited
Terror, I I enjoy the blizzards while no one else does, but other than the snow, I'm like there's nothing here, I'm not coming. Mhm.
I've only, I've skied once and I've snowboarded once and the snowboarding was quite unfortunate because I was on a mountain that had like fake snow, so it was really
icy. So as a beginner, like it was just awful. I actually got a concussion so that um and the skiing I was in Seattle, so that was beautiful and I did better on that. But honestly I think it was the conditions because I feel like knowing what I'm good at. I should be better at snowboarding and skiing because skiing is just awkward. Uh but I want to go snowboarding again, I'm just Yeah.
that's a little intense. Do you hear a snowboard or anything?
Well
Mhm.
Um I think around christmas probably like that weekend um go down to visit my husband's family um but probably just for that weekend and then we'll come back. But yeah, we don't really generally do too much. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah, my place is kind of like that, usually I'm like one of since I am not military, but I work with the military. Um So they often I'll take like a week or two off and I'm like the only one at work,
but I'm like, so why do I have to sit here all day when there's nothing to do?
a doctorate of veterinary medicine. Mhm.
I always, I've always been interested in research, but I didn't want to be um like another term for research, fed his laboratory animal veterinarian. And I didn't used to want to do that, I used to want to be a zoo vet. Um But after I think in my second year of school, I kind of changed my mind. Like there's just there's fewer opportunities. Um which means you have less, you can be less picky about where you want to live and I personally don't want to live in the middle of nowhere. Um and I've never really met a lab animal vet that was dissatisfied with their job, but a
lot of unhappiest events and a lot of events that work really long hours and have no vacation and make no money. Um and
being that I'm almost 200 grand in debt. I'm not really cool without making no money for. Yeah.
hmm.
It varies a lot. Um Like there are people in private practice That are making like 50,000 a year and there's people in private practice that are making $200,000 a year. Um like it's a big spread, but I never wanted to do private practice. Um like as much as I love cats and dogs, like hamsters and stuff, like it's every type of vet has a deal of customer service to some extent. Like currently it's more of a, like, I just have to like the phds are my customers. Um But it's different than the general public because it's a different kind of frustration when it comes up because you get people that don't want to pay for stuff stand by these vaccines are necessary and why does it cost so much? And I don't want to do that and I I just want to take care of your pet and I'm sorry that you have to pay me for that, but you do and it costs money and I'm not just like making up these random numbers um and
I'm just I'm an introvert so having to literally talk to people all day is like
I can
do it like I was good at it in school but it's exhausting and I don't like it.
Well
so for lab animal events like me um there is a lot of euthanasia because when we're doing things like Ebola studies, like you don't give animals Ebola and then let them go. That's not how that works to get euthanized afterwards. Um So that's really hard. Um It kind of depends on what kind of vet you are because I think for private practice vets it's you get patients and obviously like you can't save everything and things are dying and that's hard. But you also get the kind of um hard cases where like an owner doesn't want to pay for something and they just want to eat the nice instead. What
what I do, like I have to euthanize things a lot, but it's for a reason like at least like we're making a vaccine or something like that, like I'm not just utilizing anything for no reason. Yeah.
But yeah, it's it's hard.
And you can only do so much, like most of us aren't millionaires, so it's really frustrating to like I have classmates to talk about this stuff, but um sometimes owners can't pay and they're willing to just surrender their animal um and
then you can find other homes for it or whatever, but then you have the owners that can't pay and instead of surrendering, they want to euthanize and
you can't stop them.
Yeah. That's awful. Mhm.
Mhm.
mm hmm. Guess
in finance it's nice that you don't have to euthanize anything.
Physics made physics.
Well, are you happy where you were? Mhm.
mm.
Mhm. What do you think the worst part of your job is? Mhm. Mhm.
True.
Thank
you.
I I definitely have co workers that are like they just don't understand the introvert thing and they're like why don't you never just pick up the phone and call me and I'm like because that
you
and I hate telephones, why would I do that?
Mhm. Probably the euthanasia aspect, especially with things like monkeys, like I really like hamsters,
but hamsters don't have as much personality, like individual personality you say like a cat or dog or monkey, but with the monkey is when we have them for extended periods of time before their use, like you get to know them. Mhm. And they're all very different, like some monkeys like prefer um this this isn't the norm, but some monkeys are very comfortable with people. Um But you try to put, you try to pair house them with another monkey and they just they get so angry and they try to have to kill each other. Um And some monkeys just hate people. And some monkeys just have like weird quirks and you know what foods they like and like react to and like what music they like because we usually give them like um rooms will have radios and we'll put TVs and let them watch movies and stuff. So it's it's really hard when you end up like becoming attached what you're trying to do, but it happens and then you have to euthanize something.
in my previous position um working at the same place that I do now, I was essentially the primary clinical vet over the primary county. Um So that was hard because I got to know like all of the monkeys because I was in the rooms every day and I was the one that was primarily in charge of like their clinical care and everything. But now being more on the research side, I don't necessarily see them until they're being used for projects, which is a lot easier because I don't know them personally.
More suburbs.
Um We have one building that is, it's actually a trailer. Um that has several monkey rooms and it's it's most of them are large rooms. Some of our rooms are kind of small. No wise. I feel like closets. Um but most of them are large rooms that will have um what we call quad cages. So two cages up top and twin bottom and you can take out the dividers in between. Um And then we have some other cages that are, I don't really know how to explain them, but they're just they're similar but they're a lot bigger and the way that you can configure them as opposed to um The quality cages, you can connect them but you can only connect them horizontally. The large uses, you can connect them horizontally and vertically so you can give them see shapes and like that kind of deal.
So
we have a lot of rooms like that. Um We don't have any outdoor housing. The place
where
residency and you had monkeys in large outdoor cages and family groups. Which is really nice because you get like the babies and like the like grandma monkeys and they all work together. Um And then you get to do a lot of like cool behavioral stuff and whatnot. Um But in new york I know there's like Colombia has monkeys I
think. Ny you have monkeys. I know Mount Sinai has some monkeys because they were hiring about a little while ago for monkey work. So even in like none of the city is except for Seattle that I can think about. The top of my head have like large numbers of monkeys in the city. And Atlanta has monkeys in like Atlanta. But I think most of their guys you're like out in the suburbs. But some usually the cities have like small numbers of monkeys like you won't find anything in a major city. Usually that has more than like 50 as opposed to like 500.
depends on the kind of work that you're doing. So where I am, everything that we're doing is infectious disease work. So either they get used or um if for some reason like a study gets planned then it gets cancelled and these monkeys are just sitting there, we'll try to shift their somewhere else so someone else can use them. Um But some of the places like if you're doing like behavioral research that isn't particularly invasive and doesn't involve any pathogens. Um There are um like sanctuaries that exist that you can send them to. Yes.
depends
monkey. So um african green monkeys which are also called verve, it's um are wild caught in the caribbean. Um
All of the macaques are, well I can't say so macaques are either um shift from Asia or there's um there's several breeding colonies in the United States, like where I did my residency, we there was a breeding colony there, so we used our own monkeys. Um what else? But yeah that's pretty much it like either you're getting them from um one of the national breeding colonies or your shipping them from another country.
It's interesting because did you hear about the the coronavirus mutation and make and uh yeah so we have to deal with stuff like that because obviously a lot of the diseases are zoonotic like could run the viruses. So when you get monkeys from china for instance china has a really high tuberculosis. Um Chase right
and tuberculosis and zoonotic. So in the countries that we import monkeys from that have um a lot of tuberculosis cases, those monkeys are at higher risk of TB. And I have actually had a couple of tuberculosis cases from monkeys that were imported from china. Um And you also get things like there were a couple cases of tuberculosis. Um We're actually they found that the origin was from wild hogs that were around the farm and people got it from the hogs and the people gave it to the monkeys. My cat. It's like you're sitting here, Why can't I go to leave? Yes, It's fun.
She was really upset when I don't let her in my lap. No. Mm. Mm. Yeah.
No. Yeah, I think so.
Nice talking to you to have a nice rest of your day.