let me just connect
to my airpods. All right, how's it going?
I'm good. I'm good. Whereabouts are you? I'm abby by the way.
No, this is my is my third time. Mhm.
17.
I know that's what I was telling my partner. I was like this is the fastest money. I got $45 in my pocket after our conversation for just chatting with people around. I guess the U. S. Or I mean I don't know if they have the outside the U. S. Have you met anyone that has been outside of America?
Oh me too. I'm in I'm in Chicago.
Yeah. Springfield. Okay. Okay. Um That's also yeah the first person I did it with was also from texas and then the second person was in pennsylvania. Um So were they the same people? That was that work how they match us?
Yeah. That makes sense. So how's your day going?
Yeah.
That's not a bad thing.
Yeah.
yeah, I would probably say yeah to to recognize that and like um get along with your mom I think is super valuable and like be like wow you're a really good roommate. Thank
you for bringing me back in.
My
friend actually. They actually um ruined with a heroin addict and they had some crazy stories, so I'm sure that
you probably have some of the same. Yeah.
Zero out of five. And then my mom is probably like a five out of 54 to 5.
Oh nice. I hope you tell her that. Um So what were you doing before? Covid stuff hit? And you got, is it what you could where you for loaded? Is that different than terminated
bullshit?
Yeah.
shit.
doesn't
make it easier but knowing that like it's happening to a lot of people in different places and different companies. Um But you said you've been looking for jobs, have you been looking and marketing or like are you trying to explore different avenues?
when it wants to be? Yeah.
Amazing.
So you have uh so
I go into the Dog Avenue because I could talk about dogs for the 2019 minutes. We have no um it looks like you're my internet batteries, your internet bed, probably mine. Can you still see me?
No, it's like a different, it's like an outline, a silhouette of a person. It's okay. I'll keep talking. Um So I work at a startup called for kites, which is a like a software platform for supply chain logistics. So basically, yeah, so basically my job is to get truck drivers and like carriers to use the application um and make like keep our customers happy. Um So it's a lot of like operational like discovery and like talking to people on the phone all day. Um I was actually like in the nonprofit world before this, I started this job about two weeks before covid like quarantine hit, which I consider myself very lucky because
I
was.
yeah it's full time. I mean like we're on the phone all day, like it does suck when we can't meet with our co workers um like in a meeting room, like it's all on zoom or in central and stuff, but everything we do with like that's customer facing is phone calls. Um So that can be done like you know with my airpods and staring ice cream like this. Um But yeah, so I so I used to be a nonprofit world now. I'm working in a startup, so it's definitely new. Um I also have similar feelings just because some of our customers are not, you know like they're talking about pharma and things like that. Like like those industries, I don't agree with all the time. Most of
time. It is sometimes like, you know it does pay the bills, but like to what extent am I willing to go like this because their goal, I think like for kites goal in my mind is to be as on point as amazon is with tracking. You know, amazon tells you everything where everything is all the time. I think
that
for
Kites.
But
yeah, like you're like this person is like in this like area of this like your neighborhood, your 10 stops away. Like I think that for Kites wants to get there um with like corporations, not individuals. So that makes me feel a little iffy because um, amazon is not the best organization. Um
it's, it's like, it's like the, it's the one, it's the one that sucks probably the most. Um But other than that
I'm also
dog parents
we
were
using,
to show her.
Yeah. Your videos are now.
Everything. It's my, yeah. I want to see um, what's your dog's name?
Carl. Oh my God. Carl, you're
so
good
by
me. He's so gentle looking. He looks so friendly.
What kind of dog is that? Oh,
has
the beard,
wow. How? Oh, that's awesome.
That's
next year. Yeah.
You're never gonna find another guy like him. All right. My turn. I'll show you love.
This is Lola.
She's just chilling. She's very tired. She just wanted to walk with my partner. Um she's very cute. She is half cattle dog, like 51% cattle dog. A quarter tree walker, Tree walking, coonhound. If you know what that is. I didn't um
Oh yeah and then harrier which is like a giant beagle. Um So basically just a lot of yeah a lot of hounds, so she's always smelling and always stubborn.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where that comes from. Like how did wolves come to like that? You know what I mean? Like I just think the breeds in general like breed mixtures is like like to see a chihuahua. Like I'm like you came from a wolf. That's some crazy fucking genetic manipulation,
Just like
Just like centuries of like messing with their DNA to get them as small as possible. And you got like toy poodles like way like £5 and you're like how You were at one point in like your lineage, like £200,, like maybe more than that. I'm not sure how much wolves away, but wolf pound is pretty close, so carl is a little closer than than a chihuahua a lot. Um
they're like two fingers.
I would love that.
No worries.
No.
That's crazy. What?
Your stomach is always, yeah. So like 23 years of not burping. What was your first birth like? Hey
did you realize what
it was?
It's
been tortured by everyone else burping around you.
no,
but
it was just
hurt
and
you're
like this is so satisfying and so
so
now
it's been like x amount of years and you just, you burp and you're like I got a story to go along with this that's great and like also it's just good for digestion. Probably just to be able to bird. Now I wonder what changed, how does that work? What is the biology behind it like? I have so many questions.
I
mean.
I can see that you work in marketing, you have a lot of good words in your dictionary, like your vocabulary.
Do you like, so so I'll say this like my last conversation on better up was pretty awkward, like we just didn't have a lot of time and I don't yeah and I don't I'm finding this one to be quite enjoyable and you
seem really really cool so like for you in the past better up things you feel like you've been able to kind of like not turn on your charm, but like turn on like the talking knob and just like no matter who the other person is just been able to go or has it been hard? I guess you said this is what number?
So would you say this last two? Did you feel like you had to like turn on? Like what were the easy conversations I guess is going to china?
I like it.
I like it.
that's
Its analysis. Go ahead. Sorry?
Well,
maybe I was just in a bad mood. So the first one was was chill. She was like this person, this uh, She was
in college, she was 24 in Texas, she was a Mormon, which was interesting. Um and not that I did distribute any beliefs of the Mormon, I've just never met a person who um that's their faith. Uh, faith. Yeah. And so we talked to like, she was a college student and I used to work with college students, but that was just like pretty easy. Um because like I was like, so how's it going? Job search wise? And I felt like I was like doing my old job again. Um and she also had a cat that came on screen, so that makes it easier when an animal appears. Um and the second one, she was from pennsylvania and wait, I just had to like, you know when you like you're talking to someone, you just, you feel anxious. Like I also have social anxiety and I totally get what you need with like the car car compartmentalizing this. Um
but like, like I just had to like pull on like straws to get her to talk and I was like, aren't you gonna ask me about me? Like is this a dialogue? So I kept like asking a question after question like because if I didn't it would just be silent and I was like Oh and is this going to be over? Like with you? I'm not even looking at the clock, I'm just like Oh it's gonna be 25 minutes, I would love to give you my email or something, I'd love to continue like staying in contact. I don't know if we're allowed to I think we're allowed to do that. My
partner, she did it once. Um She got someone's email um because they were like oddly similar. Um Yeah, so like the conversation I had with her just like it just like I was very drawn out and she's really nice. Like it wasn't like to the person, it was just like
I
was
go
ahead. Exactly. Like I just like, it's like this has a flow and it didn't have a flow, you know what I mean?
100%.
What?
How and when I was grading myself, I was like, you asked all the questions as I did, who did all the nodding and listening. I did.
So it's like, I mean, I'm sure she was just nervous. I was nervous. It made me nervous. So we're just both nervous For 25 minutes and that was fine. Um but I think the only issue with ours is the fact that my internet sucks. Um but
someone
knew what
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't, I mean maybe the first person who's okay, she's conservative and mormon. Maybe she felt differently, but we didn't talk about
it. We talked.
Whoa.
That's
amazing.
I
bet the
right thing with like the sun and the rain. Yeah. I think that I mean like I understand you're like assumption that I feel like I probably assume the same. Um So my girlfriend, my partner, arial, she's from Champagne, which is where you have i is so it's a college town,
but
you have like the rural areas around it. So like, I think I definitely make assumptions like I'm from ann arbor michigan, which is like where university michigan again, another college town in michigan.
Yes. You know Zingerman's, how do you know a singer? But
it
when
you
they're like unkillable and like they
can, they can charge you $16 for a sandwich because you're going to pay that because Zingerman's
that
but maybe
you could like refrain that is like, it's like unique about you. Like my indulgent savory, like um you know, food is imported from spain and its tuna and it's amazing and this is something really interesting about.
Exactly, that's what I'm saying, like, you're not pretentious or like um what you mean jackass, wherever you said about yourself, I think it's more of a quirk in a unique charm rather than like look at me, I got this like, yeah, like, you know what I mean?
That's good. That's awesome. I love the way you phrased that. I want to keep reminding myself of that.
I'm
gonna write that down after that. That's dope. Um
Oh, I would love to, I would love to give you my email that stay in contact because I really enjoyed our conversation. If you're that um Some email is abigail. A B I G A I L. Sager, S A G H E R at gmail dot com.
Yeah, it's been awesome talking to you. I actually go back to work. Um But I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Good luck with your job search. Let me know if, I mean I live in Chicago so we're actually not too far. So if you ever want to relocate, you know once things calm down, there's a lot out here, I'm sure that could use marketing or whatever you want to do does not getting. Um But
as
Palestinians.
Yeah. If you could send me the link to that tuna that you get, I
want to
become
Well it's been a pleasure and uh All right. Bye.