Hello. Thanks.
Good.
Yeah, I'm doing well. How are you?
Bill, nice to meet you. Um You know, this is funny, I I've done that. This is like this time and every time I've it's taken like two times for like me to connect with the person because the first time each time I've set up, so it's like always like, is this the first time you've done it?
Nice. Yeah, no, I mean Like, you know,
$15 for like shooting the breeze for 20 minutes. It's easiest money in the world.
No, I had I had texas in California. I'm in Illinois. Where are you at?
Oh, okay, cool. I'm in Springfield.
I don't know. I mean you put your your availability and like your time zone and then like if they can find someone in that like space, I guess. I don't know.
We're good. Uh I uh
I've just been pretty lazy today. I
not too long ago because the covid and stuff. I had to uh uh. Mhm. Oh no, that's siren, the thing. The speakers. Yeah.
Um No, not too long ago I, because of covid and stuff, they terminated my position. So I moved back in with my mom, which it's actually pretty red because out of like the last like a half decade of roommates by far the cleanest and most conscientious. So you know, all things considered not not too terrible. Yeah.
Well,
yeah, I know. I know my last roommate set the bar pretty low though. He was a heroin addict. So I mean, really anything's better than that,
but
Well,
zero out of five would not recommend,
Oh yeah, comparably. Yeah. seven out of five.
And no, they killed the department I was in, I was in the in
house marketing department for an apparel company. Um
So it's pretty sweet. Um But it also had a lot of like infrastructural other like pretty unethical stuff that I wasn't very cool with and I didn't really want to be. So I was just kind of like, well, I mean I don't want to starve, but I also hated, I had been looking at other jobs anyway and you know, so I mean, I don't know, I was a good friend of mine who used to be my neighbor, great company. He worked for a mastercard and he just got laid off and he was like a Hyatt business analyst. Uh
So I mean it's like, you know, it's real, so it's just kind of, I don't know, it's not first. So I don't know. Is
that
well, I don't know. I found it kind of, well I'm really good at it. I was in like the writing part started like right ads um family like like uh most of the ads we had were for like liquor companies are like pharma and like on the ethical spectrum most kind of like I don't want to contribute to like cycles of addiction or you know unwanted side effects. So I don't know I've kind of thought about getting um I applied for a temporary job with the census which uh yeah I mean it's not like I don't know I have mixed feelings about the government, it's actually something that helps people and it's useful, you know it's like really important
and it's really so actually more useful than what I had been doing. So you know that's that's true. Mm But you know I've been considering my my full time job to be like dog dad, you know that's that's the most important.
What do you do
here?
yeah, I can see you. Can you see me?
Can you,
you can do it remote
with them hoping. Yeah.
Base
you
can
see like
this breathing
and yeah.
Let me out of like organizations in the world. It's like, You know, that's like the one.
I like
it.
Nice. What kind
of dog
do
you have? Oh,
you should one of my is my video come back on? Yeah.
Okay, cool. I was wondering why the video didn't work, but I'll show you my dog
His name's carl. He
is
the
good
part.
Yeah, he's super gentle and like, I don't know, he's like an old old soul. He's got, got this
It's
like
wizardly beard. Yeah, that's my favorite part. He's uh 3/8 golden retriever, a quarter of food, A quarter lab and 1/8 wolfhound, which explains the beard. So like
every
few minutes.
Crazy.
You see what's a good name? I love people names for dogs.
No.
I don't actually know.
I love how cattle dogs have like the flicking in the for
Oh man, I've never thought about that before, but it's crazy because like wolves, like their heads are like this, that's like the size of like my torso, like wolves ARB you know, huge. I hadn't thought about like how many years of like, you know, like, well, Britain is required
to get a chihuahua out of the mix, you know?
I wish he was kinda well sometimes I wish he was a little bit physically larger, but I wouldn't want to have to deal with like the poops is like a huge dog, you know? So
yeah, so uh sometimes I wish he would be like Clifford for like a day, you know? But
Yeah, because he's only like £60 um because he has uh he has a liver disease, so it kind of messed up his uh overall growth. He would be a bit bigger, but excuse me, this is what happens to me every time I have sparkling water.
But Karla, yeah, that's that's where he is, you know, It's crazy. So this is crazy. I think this happened the last time I did one of these these better up uh chats. I was having like a bubbly and I burped and I told the last person this and it's like so, so weird. It's like notable, I guess. I don't know. So I I didn't birth until I was like 23. I'm not I'm not lying. I went like
23 years of my life without burdening. Yeah, I'm dead serious. Like we have it on video all the time. I used to do this thing where instead of like the satisfying release of like just a bert, my stomach would do this like slow, like growl Like a, like a bird, but like drag it out for like 15. And
yeah, and it turns out it's like there's nothing wrong with me. It's like the pie Lorik valve which connects. Um it's not, I guess like considered cosmetic is not a functional thing, but I was like almost a quarter century without burping. And then magically When I turned 24, I burped one day and I was like Holy Shit. And then there after I started burping, it was like, like, you know, like turn it off and turn it back on again and then it starts working or something, I don't know, but All of a sudden I started burping. And ever since then my life has been totally different because for the first like 23 years or whatever, I never, if I ever like had that happened and had this action of ever birthday and I was just like pretty uncomfortable.
better
than,
Yeah, no, I mean I've, you know, I've seen them my entire life and you know, I'm well aware
of
yeah, there's there's a subreddit called Nobert and I was like, oh, I found my people, you know? Um I guess it's like a it's like a somewhat like it's not okay, it's not common, but it's like uh there are other people I guess. Uh did you ever watch arrested development? It's like there there are dozens of us, you know? Um Right. Yeah, that's how I felt you know? I found my people and anyway. But yeah no it was just like kind of like torture is being around all the time I started working. And then I was like okay this is so like the first like four or five times it happened every time I was like oh my God I'm gonna throw up and like run out of the room, you know? But you know
everything.
I just started
grouping
is the yeah, it's
totally
normal.
This is
my
life now.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like there's this valve that connects like an air duct from your stomach. That uh it's like if there is enough pressure then it like opens up and causes a burp. But I guess there wasn't enough pressure or something. So just be like this half assed burp that would last like you know like or five seconds there
would
be like really loud but like like uh what's the word I'm looking for? Uh It would be like way less um yeah measures like air pressure in tires like your tire pressures. Little people die. It would be like way less P. C. You know and it would last for longer to produce the same uh volumetric displacement or whatever. But uh
well most of this is from the Nobert subreddit. I think I saw someone say uh uh talk about the displacement. The sea is all me though. I've always you know that's my I did I felt my tired.
Sammy.
The 3rd 1. Sam.
I was going to bring this up too because every single person I've had it's been and I'm a person who is like pretty neurotic and I have like pretty debilitating social anxiety. So it's like, you know, all like uh you know, put on like some nw before going to a party or something, you know? And uh
because
it's like the simulation, you know the fact that even though this is like a real actual human connection also at the same time, it's like you could compartmentalize it is artificial if you wanted to, but it's still very real. But all the but but I've had it's been very real and every person I've had has been super cool and easy to talk to. Actually I was like, am I gonna is it gonna
be awkward this time? Like the first guy had.
Yeah. His first dude, I had I played guitar, he played guitar, so he talked about like guitar stuff. Um And then I had this girl who was in California and she lived pretty close to where my best friend lives as we
were talking about like California, stuff like that and I mean you know people I never would have met otherwise at all who you know I have told about my burps or whatever and had perfectly pleasant conversations you know. But you had an awkward one though. Yeah
we
Yeah.
Particular,
Okay. I just
didn't have like any,
it's a
natural,
Yeah. Yeah. The only thing that's interrupting the flow at all here I think is whatever like like five millisecond leg is that it's popped up a few times but you know other
than that it would be like totally like you know back, you know one of the things is I can't help but wonder if she, if she had done it before, if it was like her first one because you know, some of the following questions are like my partner, I talked the same amount of time. There was an appropriate amount of like pause or this or that. Like analyzing the psychology of like the
balance. And so it really makes me wonder if she had done it before because if she had, it's like, oh man, how is she going to grade herself? What the hell is she going to say? No.
no.
Windows two. So it could be me. But now I keep, I keep worrying that I'm gonna get some like, um, someone who agree with very strong politically. Like that's my, and that's going to come
into the congress.
I, I am, I keep my fear has been every time that I'm going to have someone who's like fundamentally like the polar opposite politically to me. And I'm like, we're going to have to talk about all these things and it's going to just be like dead, you know? And
previously
you can have normal conversation. Yeah, I mean like, so like, you know, Chicago is a bit different. Like in Springfield, it's a bit more um liberal because, you know, like I'm kind of in a more rural part of the state. And there's like, despite Illinois being a pretty blue state, it's like a pretty conservative area where I am. And I saw like, and it's weird too, because it's the first time in ages, I think with all the stuff happening, there's like very few yard signs and stuff out. Um, because
like everyone is like, I don't really wanna put anything out because, you know, everyone kind of sucks or you know whatever, but Uh huh A few of my neighbors um really surprised me when I when I moved back with a lot of the stuff they were talking about um like protesting and like stuff like that and I was like wow, you know, I I misjudged you for more conservative than I thought you were going to be and you're actually pretty progressive and that's uh my fault, you know, because I guess I just expect living in a pretty rural place for everybody to be, I mean everyone I guess to be pretty conservative. It was a great conversation too, because I got a bunch of tomatoes out of it, you know?
Earlier
gardens. Yeah, the tomatoes we have down here are so good, it's been
like
mine.
it's like
pretty close.
that's where uh Zingerman's is.
Dingemans,
everything's in the world. God,
I love
Zimmerman so much! Uh Oh man, some of those things I've ever eaten, I've gotten from them. Oh there's
I
yeah, all the stuff I've had uh it's been a harbor, so it's always been like delivery stuff, but I got the Reuben kit one time which was still like life changing, you know, even though it was delivered. Um But they started off, there was a sale one time on this really exotic belly of the tuna. This like spanish tuna which like started my love affair of savory over sweet and so now like my guilty
pleasure is like this, it sounds just like so pretentious and esoteric and I guess it is pretty esoteric, but it's really like, it's it's like imported, like spanish tuna, that's like the only catch it during part of the year, and I'm like, oh man, it's just really stands out as being like a really jackass. It's so good. And
then
I've made some I've made some believers. Yeah.
Yeah. It's just how I feel about food. The like food is like it's like such a blessing that we have to eat it in order not to die and it can also be so pleasurable. How great is that? That's just that's just the shit.
No, you can totally like that and use that,
you know?
yeah,
Okay, cool. I'll shoot you an email in a bit
I just
need
to make professional and great. Yeah,
I'm sure
it'll
change your life. Yeah.