Hey?
Yeah, can you hear me? Sounds good. Alright this worked out this time Last time I had a company for someone I think she couldn't see my webcam but she could hear me so at least this time I know it works. So what's your name
john nice to meet you. I'm Isha.
So you joined from prolific. How many marriages have you had before this?
is the
last
one? Nice.
Hopefully it's a good last one. Uh second. I think I had one for monday but president show up so I think this still counts as my second one.
fair enough. Oh wow okay. So they had two ways meaning you could, you could join like individual times within each like round sort of
how?
All right. Well I mean it's it's it's fun to do what's interesting and you get like some cash out of it. So I'm definitely do another route after this. Um Yeah, so
are you in the U. S.
Nice. Nice. I'm in California.
huh.
So like halfway between san Diego and L. A. Yeah
it's mostly calm down. Uh Somehow I live in a pretty upper middle class area and I don't know how but somehow they're like this invisible shield around my city where every time we've had fires always stopped just short of my town. Um The closest thing that near near us that that was the fires is like a trail that people used to run on the cross country metal high school used to run on this trail and it's completely gone and I was like two years ago
so
that.
it's
pretty
close because
I have been in inland but it's not too far from the coast either, like I'm about 30 minutes from the coast so not too far. Um and it's pretty like I don't know developed so there's not really much
so
a little out of way to get to like areas where there's a possibility for fires. Okay.
there was smoke probably. Yeah.
I
heard
about
it's
I'm
you guys had it worse like I'm I'm too far south, it was it was a bit smoky for a day and but like that the day that it was the worst, I went biking, like I biked a couple miles, it was not fun but it was okay, like I survived uh it was much worse for you guys and actually I go to school in Canada like in in british Columbia, so they pretty bad as well, you know like if you're in that if you're in Washington Yeah, I'm pretty bad.
I
mean
I guess I
guess I made everyone stay inside at least.
Uh huh. There probably was like a decrease of cases. But then people, I mean I'm sure people with like other health conditions like they had a rough time if you had
asked. Yeah. Asthma you're more likely covid and you probably suffered a lot of the smoke so you're,
I
don't know.
You gotta go out at some point and if it lasted such a long time, the Net meets at some point. A mask is not gonna do a lot with the smoke.
Like
it was like uh the
gas.
Whoa.
Into replacement or like did recover after a while.
Come
on.
Okay. Yeah. Crazy. Crazy dude. I mean Danielle but 2020 has been a hell of a year.
Well
what?
I know I feel like we're being punished for like, you know like remember in 2012 everyone's like, oh the apocalypse is in 20120.12, the world's gonna end the Mayan calendar and all that car behind me. But like I feel like that didn't happen now. They're like site, It's actually 2020 and
Oh, that's true. That's true. The past eight years weren't so bad. I mean there were 2016 wasn't great depending on your political beliefs. But yeah.
Oh true. True. It's for me it's like hard to keep track in my head. Like so what year did these like world events happened and I just kind of mix them up in my head. I don't really keep track like 2016. I remember because election year and then beyond, it's like. I can't tell what like in like a five year span, any events that happened, major world events, you know, pulse nightclub shooting, uh Charlottesville. Like this could happen like anywhere. It's just like blank in my.
As if
I
I know we had we have played we have wait uh it's about plague. Pestilence. Pestilence. War was already kind of happy entire time.
Death
of one and then there's one more pestilence. It must be so there's a show I I watched sometimes supernatural, I had the
four horsemen in it and I can't remember one was but anyways
it was like it's like sickness or something else. Damn I forget. Yeah.
It's a
cover hunger,
it's like uh famine, famine.
Haven't gotten that yet. Kind of
accept
where was a toilet paper famine if you run? Oh so I don't know if that comes like there was
canned
food.
Mhm. It was connected to pestilence. So like a real
shortage
of canned food.
Now I feel like there's probably been a huge, you know rise in bed a sales since then. Everyone's like what if what if the worst comes to worst, there's no toilet paper, how will I live?
watching this have to recover eventually like it just takes, you know? So that was pretty funny. I remember remember like so I was I was like up in british Columbia for school um and my school shut down like on a friday. I remember thursday night everyone was like, you know it was kind of like this weird tension in the air, everyone's like wait this covid things, you know things like that shut down, whatever because our school late shut down. Remember that thursday, me and one of my friends got on a bus to downtown went to like a camping supply store because that's the only place where they still had food available everywhere. The camp was sold out. We're like we should go camping supply store and buy like you know freeze dried, you know jerky and stuff like that and it was like a surreal experience. Is really weird. Okay.
At least
we're taking it seriously. Yeah.
We have that a couple cities around here. Seven Orange County. Uh huh. Just places where that's really happening there. Like they're having like they're like using the guise of like church services. They're doing like giant asked church services. Um And then it's kind of combined with an anti mass protests. They're trying to use really
a lot to avoid getting breaking up broken up by the by law enforcement. It's like half working. But yeah. I don't know.
weird.
You
know what
ever know?
It
does.
No,
no,
never.
Okay. Was it like you got the news because you're sheriff was like saying all these things in their reporting about it. That's pretty funny. Oh my God.
Okay
so
got him the news. That's pretty, We're like I think 500,000 here. It's gotten bigger. Like my city's gone in the past. I was 27 when the crash in the housing crash happened. That's my parents like right after let's say right before the housing crash they moved here and then right after is one probably start increasing. Its been like doubled since then. Yeah.
I think I kind of wish minus mind wasn't ever really like small small at least 200K. For a while but it was very suburb. Very quiet. Uh Like it's called one of the city's America as a couple I think like 1000 3 at one. Safest city in America because it's just like a very weird culture we have here. I miss like when it was a little bit less crowded but Yeah.
Good
room.
That's
what
it's called.
School
getting a really small school.
you know
my
little
incorporated areas. Yeah that makes sense. So yeah. Yes. Yes. My school, we have a fair few schools in the area. Um It's very like residential kind of like it's like they attract a lot of like upper middle class parents but it's still like like super richie rich where they're like we're gonna go to private schools. So there's a lot uh schools in the area. It's like they have this plan that I heard about a while back is like they have designed the entire city so that every house is within one mile of an elementary school, it's within miles of middle school and it's within three miles of high school. So it's very like planned out and everything. So my school was like 2000 2000 probably which pretty big compared to yours. But like for the area because there's like there's like four or five high schools in our district and there's one that's considered within our town, but it's in the other cities district. In fact they built a new high school like three years ago so kind of Because other people are moving in even still afford like 28, they're moving in so they both new high schools.
Yeah that's that's kind of cool actually like I've I've like that's what you get when you live in town that are like you know pretty stable in terms of population,
we don't
even
have a school bus. Yeah.
Problem. Hopefully they opened some some good mexican restaurants.
Thanks, thanks chris
that's one of things that I usually I'm in Canada right now, I'm in the States because but one thing I miss about being in Canada, I really like being there, but I really miss the good uh mexican food but also just like uh like hispanic food overall is that there is one really good Peruvian restaurant in where I live in Bc but otherwise like you know the good mexican food is down here.
usually
yeah, I used to say mexican as well and then if it's, I can tell like I've been like Peruvian food is pretty different in mexican extinguish that yeah, when my being, so he took us for his birthday too. Great proven restaurant. So good. Um my parents, I couldn't try like the ceviche which is the thing is so excited about, I'm like, I can't try it, but it was good.
What?
What is
it?
that's
certain.
I
love
spicy,
no,
I just
think
It
sounds
Yeah, definitely to have that, it sounds like a, you know like Nia mediterranean food, you get like a, like a pita and you feel the inside with like full awful and stuff kind of sounds kind of like that because it's like
thing.
yeah,
I cool from the um and I want like I woke up an hour ago and my friend called me so I was not gonna come with thematic and eat breakfast, so that's
and that's that's the plan at noon I guess. Listen, noon. Yeah,
and
it's fine if you sleep late you just eat late dinner. There we go. I've been trying to sleep like around midnight or 12 30 every night last night was since I got and it was 1 30.
me
too.
I for me it was read it, I read it pretty late. And also like the thing is I always like every night my thing is as you put dishes in the washer that's like and then that's like my end of the night when my washing the dishes and expeditious water and turn it on. But I save it to like the end of the night and usually I'm so tired I'm like let me take a quick nap or browse Reddit and then when I'm like so so tired and I'm about to die I'll go to the dishes and then I'll go to bed. So then I just procrastinates my entire nights that I want to do dishes.
That's crazy. I missed that also about the pacific northwest because in capsule today, today is actually the first like legitimately cold day I'm wearing a long sleeve shirt and I had like fish this out of my closet Located like two days ago. It was 95°.. Yeah.
You know,
over.
Yeah. The transition has gotten shorter. I feel like things don't happen anymore. So this is this, I would call, I guess this is nice father. It's just weird me out because we don't usually get like really trending color, like in California. So it's almost like one day it's really sunny and you're sweating to showers that day because you're so hot. Um, he's, he doesn't do anything. And then, and it's like, you know, cold enough that you're like, oh I wonder if I should bundle up with an extra layer.
Snow?
No, every year there
this is no every year. Okay.
then
if you
were received,
That
makes
What?
All
that sounds annoying because I feel like the roads freeze over and it's very slippery like slushy. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's one thing. So like before this, before I was in the States, I used to live in Toronto. I was really young, but I remember like and tons of snow so much cold and then we moved to California and like I've grown up with like zero, the one time we had to go with one of my friends and I went up to like arrowhead for for a summer, you know summer just like for a trip in the summer I was like two weeks and there was snow up there. I was like wow this is so weird. Some of my friends who went up there were they were like it was their first time seeing snow because they've grown up entirely in California and never
even
uh the U. S. They had never gone to a place where there's snow and then on to Vancouver, I was like I wonder if it's going to snow. So at least the past two years that I was there 2018, it snowed for like five days, it was pretty cold and then it was gone. Ah
And it was almost the exact same way to 2019 was worse because it was like slushy snow, it wasn't like fun snowman snow. Um
And I feel like I realized I had a very bad blood flow to my hands and feet because like no matter how many layers, no matter how many gloves and pockets I would shove my hands and they would still get cold so Tamerlan because it was like so called For just five meals. Yeah.
Remember as long? Yeah. Uh huh
Sounds
great.
it sounds great, man.
I actually really like reigns one of the reasons I left California and moved to the northwest
Green
is pretty
far.
that's the thing, it's like I'm used, it didn't, it doesn't rain a lot here, although the year that I left it rain a shit ton in California and I was very mad about that. But ran used to is like, you know, warm summary type of rain we get here even if it's in winter, it's usually pretty like you can walk outside in like a long sleeve t shirt and some jeans and in the brain and you won't you won't freeze to death. But Vancouver is like you know cold rain. I I feel like even if I want, even if I like three and everyone to be outside and I want to be inside. Yeah,
I get it now. Like I get like like rain from the inside so you want to stay inside and drink tea and read a book or something. I get it now. Yeah,
And
usually I'm walking around like I usually am walking to class so it's like this giant heavy backpack on me or I'm going you know downtown or something and then I have a purse and whatever and then I have to take the bus and like going on a public transport when it's really cold and raining outside, it's just like not fun. Yeah, you like sometimes you sit on your feet and you're like, oh there was rain water on that seat somehow Somehow someone got, you know, it's really weird.
How does place the dry clothes he uses if he only bites If there were three rings in a row, how did he replace his dry clothes?
Well at some point you must have had to, he must have like figure out a time where like okay, this one hour, it's not right on the bike there for fun, drop off some more clothes come back. Or like once a week maybe he went like if it was raining that week he must have gone and dropped off a bunch of once. I don't know, that's just like You can do that here and you have problems, you can bike, you know my dad, if you wanted to, could bike to work every single day and he's like 15 minutes away by bike but you can do it
gosh.
In michigan,
I've heard that michigan winters. Oh wow, did you go to grad school for
whoa fancy as your undergrad as well? I assume like something similar to that history.
Dude,
that's cool, I'm doing uh an econ major and it's basically like my degree is weird, it's like its own thing, it's it's an econ major with like a built in business minor, but I'm also doing like an actual minor in philosophy as well
and currently I'm learning Russian, so like you said philosophy. Oh
yeah, so yes,
I really like it, I mean I obviously I wish I could do a major in philosophy, but also that might even be too much thinking for me. Like I like Nikon, you know math, you kind of look at situations and you know analyze them in more data oriented way versus a Abstract critical thinking type way. But I do like that, I mean 10 classes of philosophy throughout the entire degree get to a minor if they're all like you and I feel like all the upper level or above. Um but they have no prereqs for philosophy in my school so you can just go straight to the 300 level philosophy classes which are way more fun than like you know, introduction to fest ideology. So that's what the story was.
What
what?
what
what
that's
very
scarce.
I'm doing a similar thing, I'm doing our um all the time right now. I'm doing a lot of like fintech stuff like cryptocurrencies like that I'm learning.
Yes very much that
it's like it's like really works well in combination with Excel, like the kind of the kind of knowledge that you learn about Excel to like use use for data purposes, you can apply to ours, that's why I'm learning and then I want to do python as well. Um But that's like a later thing, my my degree doesn't have any data science or anything so I'm like you know not in my own time.
when my friends who's doing uh he's not doing a degree in campsite but he is doing a fair bit of kansai, he suggested that in python first but at the time I already started learning are so I was like done with this, you know get immediate level knowledge and then I can go to python. I don't think I need to get advanced in either of them until I'm you know, until I come across a job where it says you need to be advanced in this. Yeah.
So
We're at 31
minutes.
You better get that done. Yeah.
Nice. I can feel.
Yeah. You too. Bye bye.