Mhm. Yeah the second yeah mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Hi
can you hear me?
john what's your name?
Hi Isha nice to meet you
Uh five so far because I did
the
other,
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah the first time I tried I think the first wave was back in like early summer or so and I had like thank you know shows and I decided not to do any more and then they had another one and I did you know for so
Yeah so they had like
a whole first study where you could sign up first lots and then they had another whole study and then this is like the third one so far I think. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah I mean Washington state rural rural area part of it.
How about California? Yeah.
What part of California?
Yeah. Are they do they still have fires down there?
I
guess
probably being closer to san Diego helps to close the post so and once
you get
closer
to L. A. L. A. Is more of the desert area its further inland right? So yeah
to
burn.
it's um um you know I wasn't in danger we were in danger of actually getting you know we weren't close to enough to a fire to be in danger like needed to get evacuated or anything. But
it was awful. There was like over a week of just choking. I mean the whole p. And w had it bad from so many wildfires in Oregon it was the worst in the history of the state. And there was one in Washington too but there and there was this freakish inversion thing that made the smoke last for so long and then plus there was that whole super plume of smoke that went out to the pacific and then got
blown
back
over so
it was a combination of both and the A. Q. I hear was like over 500. It got up to like 600. Just like you couldn't
go outside. It was like yeah it wasn't asked.
Yeah especially this area right here for whatever reason just the way the winds were and the way it all kind of happened, it was we had like the worst of Washington and Oregon right around here for just for whatever reason just came up from the south and then it got trapped and it kind of like swirled around and just foam though. It was yeah it was it
wasn't
there.
What?
Yeah. For a while. Right.
Ellen.
Yeah. I mean even
inside
you know your air quality is going to get worse because it's like you have to open the door at some point and that kind of stuff and nobody's house is totally airtight, so.
Right. I mean unless you have one of those actual like mass that firefighters have, but I mean a covid man may
do anything.
There's
like gas masks. Yeah. Yeah. We had we had like air filter just like, you know behind our like standing fan. Um and the thing was white and I just turned black, you know, through
the Yeah. From all the articulate.
Uh No, you know, you have to throw it away, it's just a cheap, you just buy it, you know, it's just like a
filter,
it's just like one of those white, you know, things.
Yeah. Right, garbage garbage
or a dumpster
fire.
My theory is maybe it actually did end and we're all in hell now.
Yeah agreed 2017 wasn't great either. You know Nazis goose stepping in Charlottesville.
and then this year to like the same time we had all the smoke and fires and stuff there was like a the east coast and the gulf was just getting pummeled by giant hurricanes. Like historic hurricanes. It was like damn fires
and floods.
Is this the apocalypse? How many horsemen do we have now like?
I think death is one isn't just
death one.
look.
Yeah I can't either.
I grew up super christian
remember
and what
Yeah that's right. That's right yeah.
Not
here anyway. Yeah.
it was
forgotten
about that now. It was it was early on
made
a run on.
It's a weird thing to stock up on major fuck up on at the beginning of a pandemic.
I guess. People just, you know, it's just the quarantine went on long enough and people realized that like there's going to be toilet paper in the stores, it's okay, you know?
I remember. Um well, I think when it's really, you know, hit the home, the seriousness, seriousness of it was when Washington closed down the schools, like the kids schools, you know, it was like, oh wow. Like and that's when everybody around here started taking it seriously to, you know, like, yeah, everybody
started,
Um And around here, I mean it's rural Washington, but still, you know, people take it really seriously, You go further east like the tri cities and stuff and people having like the dumb anti mass protests and stuff. But yeah, it's.
No.
Yeah, and the county is like, you know, there's a lot of conservatives in the county, but more in the east part of the county, like
we're on the far west and, and the ship, but the share of the county sheriff is ridiculous. Um bob sanger, He was like, he was trying to say he would refuse to enforce like the Washington state, you know, majors early on of like shutting down the essential, the non essential businesses and stuff. He was saying you can't cut down gun stores because it violates Second Amendment rights and stuff. It
was just
ridiculous
and
shutting
down religious services violates First Amendment rights and
like,
dude, you're sheriff,
you don't even know what the hell you're talking about for one thing like, yeah, we got in the news in the national news because of it.
A
Little County
of like 20,000 people.
Yeah it's increased here. Um Some like especially right around this area. Um But yeah it's still small, it's still very rural so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah we definitely don't have suburbs here, there's nothing big enough to have a suburb, there's towns and then there's you know middle of nowhere. Like I live in like a little unincorporated community of like 200 something people. You know there's a there's a few of those scattered around like there's
one
up there on the mountain that's like 500 people and then there's the town I went to school in it's like 2000 but it's kind of in the area like there's one right next to it that's like 1000. So it's more like a bigger, you know, that's
the
biggest,
that's
the biggest in the county. Yeah.
Um it was about 400. Well the high school was like 400 kids and so you know the middle school was about the same in elementary school because they were all four years. So. Yeah,
but
it's the whole is the whole school district is you know, contains all these a bunch
of little
Yeah. You know ours are still the same that our parents went to. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We I took a bus to school. It was like a 40 minute bus ride. You know, I had to get up at 6:00 AM to
get
ready.
There's there's been um some influx, some of it is people moving from out of state like more affluent people. Which is kind of hard because it drives up the cost of stuff. Also, some of the increase though has been a lot of Hispanic people moving in for like agricultural reasons. That's been a lot. Um Which I I like is totally you know, adds a little as a little culture to the area.
Oh yeah there's a Taqueria in town. That's
and there's lots in the bigger town across the river in Oregon. So. Yeah.
Yeah. I say I say hispanic but it's mostly all mexicans. I think we have one from Argentina when I was in school but that's
pretty much it.
Mhm. Yeah. When um when I was in
college in Olympia there was a little salvadoran restaurant. That's good. Have you ever had pupusas?
They're
really good. They're like um they're kind of like tortilla. I mean they're made of masa, they're kind of similar tortillas but they're like they're fat like um they're stuffed like so they're like yeah they're like you know they're they're like fat, they're like tortillas but they have space inside and their stuff with stuff so like cheese or different you know vegetables or like cheese and vegetables or some meat or whatever I
like just
to keep one's. Yeah and then you get like salsa rojo which Salvador and salsa red salsa isn't spicy really um It's not hot spicy, it has a lot of
stuff
in
it. Yeah. I love spicy too. But salvadoran food just isn't really like spicy. Like as much spicy as mexican food and then has um as a side as Kotido which is like um it's like a fermented or with vinegar, it's like cabbage and carrots and like a bunch of stuff
and different
places
all mixed together. I've made it before. Yeah. I
like
it. Mhm.
Yeah, it's similar to that except it's
hot like and and the Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I woke up about 40 minutes ago. Same so I haven't had breakfast. I'm I'm still having coffee.
I guess it's yeah,
it's lunchtime by then but it's still breakfast,
Yeah. I went to sleep about 1:30 last night too. I was trying to I was hoping to go to sleep even earlier even
earlier
because I was I was even tired earlier but it was like I just kept like freaking staying on the internet like.
Yeah. I need to do some dishes. I've been putting it off because I have a bunch of other stuff to do. I need to what I need to do today, probably all afternoon hall and stack firewood again there's just a boat split firewood to stack for the winter. So it's already supposed to snow this weekend. It's ridiculous.
Yeah, it was crazy
because
it's like it hasn't been hot like that recently, but it's still been like nice fall weather, you know, sixties, maybe even up around 70. But no, it was crazy because it's like I was walking to the store, I don't know like last week maybe, you know, or this weekend and I was just thinking it's like it's already supposed to snow just about but there's still like California poppies and dandelions out. It's like what the hell, You know? It was weird.
Yeah, we usually get a lot more fall here. This is this is an anomaly. I think it's probably not even gonna be like winter already. I heard it's like some like cold air system, cold weather system coming down from Alaska. So I'm guessing it's probably just going to be like you know a short period of like freakishly
cold weather and then go away but I could be wrong, I've been wrong before.
What's that?
Um It's not always like a crazy winter. Um So I am back here staying here right now with my mom. I was living in Vancouver Washington for a while and I
stayed
here
for a couple of yeah um The other Vancouver, I stayed here for a couple while or for a couple of years a while back um um Just I had to add some health problems and stuff and then uh so We had a really crazy winter in 2017, just like dumped snow, it's like feet of snow all the time and like ice and all kinds of stuff, we're up in the mountains of ways plus we're like further east from like we're not right on the coast so we get
more
than yeah,
but and we used to get winters like really snowy winters all the time when I was a kid, but you know, global warming, so we also had a winter where it was like it did snow, but it was like we got some snow in december or a little snow in january, but it wasn't like, you know, it wasn't like the kind of winters we had when I was a kid. So yeah, like it would
snow some we snow a couple inches, it would melt and it would snow a little and it would melt the kind of thing, so.
Little
problem.
huh.
huh. Yeah.
What's really worse than I think any kind of snow is when I lived in Olympia um Just the climate is like in the winter, like the real winter like december january, you know, it would get because the precipitation patterns are, you know it's Olympia is rainy like from, you know it has a huge raining season, it's like eight or nine months, but it's the real precipitation is hard in like december january, same as here, like you know december january is when it kind of speaks, well november is a lot too but
it will get almost cold enough to snow in Olympia but not quite, you know, so like even upper thirties and it'll be like forties, but then it just pisses down rain so it's like it's just this cold, pouring rain so it's like you go outside you get soaked
and
it's also cold you know it's just yeah.
it's dark because it's you know it's up north so it's yeah it's lovely.
I do like rain. Yeah
it's
just
that particular that particular kind of really cold. Poor dark.
Yeah.
Yeah and you can take an umbrella I guess but you still get you know your feet your legs will get all wet because it splashes up and yeah your
feet get moving and
Remember I had a professor in college who rode a bike to class like every day no matter what and he would just like keep dry clothes like in his office to like change, you know? Like that's crazy man in the winter like writing.
Maybe he kept a bunch. I don't know or yeah, I don't know how that worked.
Yeah. The professor to in grad school who would bike every day. He didn't live super far away too though. Um But he would like even in like the snow and the crazy ice because it was michigan, you know, it was like biking
a nice though. It was like damn herb.
Yeah. Yeah. Where you get like below zero, you know ice.
Slavic languages and literatures.
Uh Yeah I did you know I did a lot of stuff at evergreen. I did like I did philosophy, I did you know some various stuff. But yeah, I did you know Russian um and Eurasian studies so like history
or language etcetera.
If.
Cool.
How do you like it?
Yeah. I'm learning um right now I'm actually learning, it was like you know I'm sitting around at my mom's house right now anyway I do some
work like
just some shitty transcription work and I do what I can get it, I do some translation, I do you know various stuff editing. But um I have a lot of time on my hands so I'm just learning like some coding and like you know web design types of html and pythons blah blah blah. And that's kind of fun too because it's like you know
just like thinking
in a different way like using your brain differently. Um And it'll be maybe some like marketing market marketable skills down
the road because it's like yeah you know going and trying to like academia jobs in academia. You can't
they're not.
No. Yeah. So
yeah I heard about our recently from a friend It's like it's basically like new Zealand's version of python with like very very much oriented for data. Right.
Look.
But just in terms of Syntex I think there he said it's massively parallel, like they're both object oriented and Yeah.
All
right. It's I think
I need to
pick off, yeah, I need to get started on fire, would use the daylight before it's supposed to start raining later this week and then start snowing. So
I gotta get her done. Yeah. Alright
I'm talking yeah. Same here. Alright yeah take care and enjoy the rest of your day, yep.