SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear me? All right,
SPEAKER_L: good. Yeah I can hear you can hear me. How are you actually surprised someone actually showed up for one of these every time I've done it Like no one shows up.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I'm so sorry. I think I've had two people show up at one. No show.
SPEAKER_L: No that's that's not bad. I mean it's easy it's like if they don't show up it's like all right five minutes just painting out whatever that little differences. But
SPEAKER_R: Right. Oh my gosh, so I guess where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in new york, My name's Andrew. I mean
SPEAKER_R: to meet you Andrew. I'm Maria. I'm
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: in Seattle. It's all right. It's not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Where in Seattle are you from? Like you're
SPEAKER_R: West Seattle? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was there like you're my girlfriend was born there so we went back to see where she grew up. She was like two when she left so she didn't really remember but she was like out where Microsoft is. I don't know we took a ride. Ah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's like the Bellevue Redmond area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was so nice at a great time.
SPEAKER_R: They have a really pretty campus. Yeah. Well that's nice to hear. I definitely love being here. I do miss new york. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Did you have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: don't know,
SPEAKER_L: here for a while?
SPEAKER_R: I did live there for about a year between high school and college. Um
SPEAKER_L: nice
SPEAKER_R: And then I just wanted to come home and start slash finish school. Um So this is, this is home for me. I like the mountains.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How's the weather? It's like the I feel like it's such a short period of time, like Seattle has like nice weather.
SPEAKER_R: It is last week we got up into the 90s and this week I think we're just going to stay in the 70s. But it's funny. I like it. I m I do like short heat waves because it's a nice change of pace. Um But I don't love the long hot summers, it just means wild fires up and down the coast and you know I like hiking, I don't I don't want that to burn.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. How's your quarantine going?
SPEAKER_R: Quarantine is pretty okay. Um It's surprising but also not too different from how life was before that so many of my friends are in different parts of the country, so already like we were doing the Zoom and Skype and everything
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: um a lot of my work can be done remotely. My partner was the most impacted, he uh worked at one of the better restaurants in Seattle and so for a period of time we were just in limbo trying to figure out how to segue from that. Um But things are opening up so now he's a chef at a different restaurant and it like was the best possible outcome of this.
SPEAKER_L: is everything open? Like can you go into a restaurant and eat?
SPEAKER_R: Uh they're open, but they're serving at 50% capacity and they're encouraging takeout. Um And I know smaller counties in Washington, they're more open. I would say like gatherings are maybe the biggest issue here because everybody likes going down to the beach and like starting a bonfire or whatever. But other than that, I don't think we've had too many big problems.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Yeah, you're
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: are you guys, what have you been up to in quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, I'm in the office today, I'm the only one who comes in anymore. Um Kind of my boss fled, he's like he's like basically moved to California. Um No one else is coming in so I basically just come to check the mail uh like a one bedroom with my girlfriend in the city so it's tiny so I like any opportunity I can to get out of the apartment, you know? She's working, I'm working at moments like too much so it's going um we just got back, we actually took a trip to Utah because we were like going crazy. So last week um kind of just finishing my quarantine. But um yeah, we were hiking, we went to a couple of national parks out there, so it's great. We're out in like moab Utah in the desert.
SPEAKER_R: Utah is beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. Um so it was good to get away, but nothing's open. Like they have outdoor dining here, which is okay, but I can't go in restaurants, gyms aren't open. I think retail just opened recently. But um it's like kind of a bet it's not a good situation like crime went up, a lot of like a lot of rest. Yeah and no one like people like fleeing Manhattan rents of like cater, you know, I mean they're gone down so aggressively because of this. Um and it's weird, people are just like kind of fleeing the city. It's kind of not, I think it's gonna take years for it to come back.
SPEAKER_R: Really? That is interesting. I don't think I've noticed people like actively leaving
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Seattle unless they specifically had family somewhere else and prioritized taking care of family. Other than that, everybody is pretty much just buckle down where they're at and they're like, okay, well this doesn't totally suck. It could be a whole lot worse.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you guys have more like outdoor, you like close to mountains and can go hiking and stuff, you know what I mean? Like, I think just the closeness of the city kills people.
SPEAKER_R: That's very possible. Um I would say, yeah, we're used to like the 45 to an hour drive to get to good hikes. Um At least my partner and I were trying to hit up the more like yeah uh lesser known or less popular hikes just because when everybody here loves hiking like everybody goes out to the trail and that creates its own set of problems, so we're trying to explore new areas and that's been really fun.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's cool. Yeah, I love, we went out last year, we like took the ferry across to one of those little islands, uh and like, like you had all those lime bikes or whatever, which we were just a little like motors on them, which was terrific, and we would like go around and kind of just explore. It's so nice,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, it is lovely rent here sucks, but it's not, I will give you, it's not as bad as new york.
SPEAKER_L: it's hot in that city center. I think it was like close to new york because you have all the tech, you know, people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Yeah, I think our current rent for a one bedroom is 1700 and that's subsidised. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: I think like standard rent would be about 2100 um with utilities and everything um
SPEAKER_L: we pay like 35 for like a very small apartments.
SPEAKER_R: if you live down like right in the heart of downtown. Yeah, it's not uncommon to see thirty five hundred four grand a month for apartments
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah, that's like new
SPEAKER_R: or.
SPEAKER_L: york, great now. Things are coming down here so hopefully I can get a deal. My least doesn't end until november. But hopefully you know, kind of get a good deal.
SPEAKER_R: we're in the same boat, our lease is up in november. Um But West Seattle is kind of interesting compared to the rest of Seattle because it's like an offshoot and there's technically a bridge connecting like Seattle to West Seattle. Um But right at the start of quarantine, they shut down the bridge because they were like, this might collapse any day, please don't drive on it. Um so now our commute time has gone from like 10 minutes to get to downtown Seattle to 45 minutes to get to downtown Seattle. Um So we're considering just moving all together to a different like part of town to avoid the commute because it's rough and it's only gonna get worse.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sounds it. That's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: good. What kind of work are you in? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I do a lot of ghost writing for legal blogs, I got a lot degree and um, I previously had a job as an attorney, but in january our grant got rescinded. So I am not able to do the nonprofit work that I love and um, just got an offer to come back. So I'll be coming back the next few weeks, but
SPEAKER_L: You like
SPEAKER_R: in the
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: meantime, Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: you like being attorney, You're not like you're not in an office I guess like building hours constantly, are you
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm not. Um, so it's a nonprofit attorney. Like I get to help people and
SPEAKER_L: Every
SPEAKER_R: make a meaningful impact. And I also set my own hours, so I'm salaried. But if there's not enough work to fill a 40 hour work week, like there's no expectation that I should create work and there's also no pressure to like go through clients really quickly. I get a provide like meaningful services. So it's fun to have that flexibility and it feels good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's good. I always thought like it was like corporate lawyers like they have there's like soulless work, they just like bill hours all day and like it sounds like horrible to me.
SPEAKER_R: I've done that before and it took about three months before I wanted to blow my brains out. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: they get paid but I don't know it's worth like the prison of being stuck in an office. Like the
SPEAKER_R: if you are like a young bachelor, I think it's well worth it. Um But for anybody else, for anybody with a family or if you want to have a dating life, like not possible. Um
SPEAKER_L: partners are like married and like have like you know families and I don't know how they do it, you know what I mean? I guess at that point, but they still have to build two, it's like wild.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think they find like how um to take adequate shortcuts and still make it look presentable. Um but I don't know that I want to mess around with that. Plus, you know, if you're going to work for a big corporation, like at some point, you're going to be screwing over a business that doesn't deserve it, like a smaller business that doesn't deserve to get screwed over by a massive corporation and it just feels icky. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of work are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in financial services, we uh through over small businesses not getting, we invest in equity markets in India and we like that kind of stuff, you know, we're like an emerging markets fund. So actually I think try to help smaller businesses by lending the money and developing countries. That's good,
SPEAKER_R: And what's the most interesting emerging market that you guys are currently investing in
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that's not private information
SPEAKER_L: No, no, we were almost like 100% invested in India. We do have some investment
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like Brazil, I think that's it at this point. You know, mostly we're in Brazil like China, we can't we don't invest in because it's too like their accounting is a problem and you can't really know what you're
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: getting. So India because I have that like british colonial past, their infrastructure and systems and particularly their accounting is like more reliable and you know what you're getting. Uh that's kind of what we're, you know, there's like tremendous, tremendous growth opportunity with all the people and it's you know,
SPEAKER_R: So then is the investment more
SPEAKER_L: thanks
SPEAKER_R: like across a wide sector of small businesses or do you guys specialize in like specifically, let's say technology startups
SPEAKER_L: vehicles,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: recalls,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, agricultural related
SPEAKER_L: chemical
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: chemicals were in plastics and like uh tire manufacturers and those kind of things like Uh like probably are big just like in more industrial companies, we also invest in a lot of like there's a lot of like parent companies that have Indian offshoots that are owned by like the Indian like 51%. So like like nestle of Goodyear, so they're technically American companies that have solid accounting practices. But because like if you're gonna set up in India then you have to like have majority like indian stakeholders. So we do a lot of that too less to know.
SPEAKER_R: That is interesting. I bet you have to do like a lot of forecasting for that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've never been, I'm more like on the investment side in the office, but there's two guys, but no one's indian here, but they go to India a lot like a couple of times a year and these people on the ground, um, you know, that kind of thing. So it's it's all right, I've been here like five years and probably looking for a change soon for school. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm curious how have the bLM protests been in new york
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Uh so I live downtown actually and they were in City Hall, like up by City Hall, which is not that far from me. Um in the beginning it did like I think it's kind of calmed down, it got a little, they were like destroying a lot of cars by my apartment, got pretty heated. Like, like,
SPEAKER_R: protesters
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: or police
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: are?
SPEAKER_L: like police cars were getting lit on fire, I don't know. You know, I think because there's like it's hard to distinguish between you know because they're seen plenty of peaceful protests but in the beginning then they were like a lot of like robberies of like big stores like um in Soho all these like fashion stores were getting robbed and they were lighting.
SPEAKER_R: So we are about
SPEAKER_L: So I think it kind of took away from the movement a little bit here because people couldn't distinguish like these protesters just like protesting and then it's going crazy or is it like it turned out I think it was like crime syndicates of people who were actively like stealing. Um So that was happening. That was probably then all the big stores were putting up like plywood on their windows and stuff and that kind of died down. I think it's sort of coming back to normal but that was like maybe when was it? May I think
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, Rami june.
SPEAKER_L: day june yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know and like especially our downtown neighborhoods, all the restaurants and all the like little shops boarded up for the pandemic, so they didn't need to board up additionally for protests and it's been kind of in waves over here.
SPEAKER_L: What happened in that capitol hill like
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: where they like turned it into like a little like city or something?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Chaz chop whatever they called it. Um so that has been dismantled um but at the time when it was being created, it actually was super sustainable and really cool to be there.
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: Um it was meant as like a safe space away from cops um particularly for people of color, I got to see it was super peaceful, super nice. I also did a lot of the back end organizing um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so for protests and I still do a little bit of it um is coordinating like supplies and delivery and um safe ride back home or safe houses if people can't go back to their home for whatever reason. Um And yeah, it was working until I think outside forces kind of wanted to take advantage of it and um there were a couple of shootings and so then
SPEAKER_L: Three,
SPEAKER_R: as a result like they shut down um now
SPEAKER_L: Who was like, was it just like a dispute or what happened like like
SPEAKER_R: and we're
SPEAKER_L: or something like,
SPEAKER_R: we have some gang activity like on the outskirts of Seattle and so I think they just took advantage of the fact that they knew there would be a lesser police presence in that area.
SPEAKER_L: I see
SPEAKER_R: So some kind of dispute, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: what's going on, you know, like is there still protests or like?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it comes in waves, there's some weeks where it's a little quieter and a little more peaceful and then this last week has been pretty gnarly. Um I know for a fact a lot of protesters are now being formally arrested and charged in the past, they were just being detained. Um We have one person who's gone missing um like we the last that we know of her is that she had an interaction with law enforcement and then we have not heard from her since, so I do not know what's going on with that
SPEAKER_L: can you like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: look on like the, can use to find like a booking record or anything or
SPEAKER_R: law enforcement said they let her go, but she is not connected back with us. Her phone hasn't
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: been on,
SPEAKER_L: here?
SPEAKER_R: I call me a conspiracy theorist, but I would not all be surprised if we're experiencing the same issues that are happening in Portland. Um,
SPEAKER_L: have you been down there? Have you like gone to check out what's going on there?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been down there, but I do have friends who have been down there. Um it is gnarly. Their police force are acting very similar similarly to ours, in that they're recognizing that efforts to defund the police are becoming more successful and they're trying to hang on to whatever power that can. So there were retaliating and like more hostile manners than they were before and they're kind of being way more aggressive than necessary and they do not give a shit that people are filming like they are, they just don't care anymore. Um, I know that some protesters have been disappeared for days at a time down there. Um, I think we're seeing the same trend up here. Um, I don't know. Our city council has not been great at responding to this. They filmed super stubborn. Um I would love to abolish the whole system, but uh I'm I would be happy with even just uh cut to the funding Because they eat up 33% of our budget and Seattle is not a dangerous place
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, it doesn't mean it didn't seem that way when I was there. I think that's everything as all those pensions are tremendous and people want to protect their retirement. What not? The budgets are pretty big. Um
SPEAKER_R: well, and they're almost entirely unregulated, so
SPEAKER_L: There most small military forces at this time, you know, they have or uh technology and weapons basically.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and so we're just trying to be really careful with like how we're planning things and who shows up to the protests. I know, like at least from my end when I'm coordinating people too be available for pickup, or especially to like meet them outside the jail center, because our Some people get sent to detainment, like in downtown Seattle and other people are driven down to Kent, which is like a half hour, 45 minute drive away. Um and that's to address the South King County Court and like if there's not a lot of public transportation that runs through there, if you get released at two AM like you have to wait until five or six a.m. To catch your bus back. So we just try to coordinate and make sure that like, okay, the jail is going to be an asshole and release people at two am, like we'll have a pick up there for you, we'll have water and snacks and we'll make sure you get home safe. Um But that also means that police have been targeting certain vehicles and they have like days after a protest come back and tried to arrest people who have just been associated with a vehicle that they say was that the protests or I know if they spot like vehicles um parked in certain areas, they've been slashing tires, they've been breaking windows, like it is really shitty.
SPEAKER_L: Has there been an uptick in corona viruses with all like the gathering or is it like pretty calm or like, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: No, everybody has been super great about wearing their masks. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's good.
SPEAKER_R: six ft apart isn't always possible, but one thing that we've been really certain to have is just to maintain like a really good um kind of supply of hand sanitizer. So we dispersed that and the stories surrounding the areas of the protests have been really great about offering up their spaces like for sanitation or hygiene purposes. So everybody's been staying really clean. Um Yeah, we haven't had any kind of uptick associated with the protest specifically.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. That's that's what everyone was worried about it. I don't think it really like new york are cases are way down now and there was plenty of protests. It doesn't seem like, You know that cause it, but like we have like 800 people dying a day here in March. It was pretty crazy like it seems
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like it's like calm down a bit, but we have so many restrictions like, you know, you can't go like any state, you go to you now basically like have to quarantine back to New York and I guess it's working but you know we'll have to see what happens when it gets a little colder here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but that's really expensive and really difficult for a lot of people. I know, I have friends who wanted to take the new york state bar um and you know, having to quarantine two weeks before that, in two weeks after that is such a financial burden on top of the cost of the exam and like, okay, well I can't just stay in someone's flat, I have to stay in an apartment or like in a hotel that's expensive. All
SPEAKER_L: I was used
SPEAKER_R: the meals,
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: like everything.
SPEAKER_L: get online right like it's pretty important test. You still have to go into a testing center I guess.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, you could say is handling it differently. Our state um has enforced diploma privilege. So essentially if you got your diploma this year, don't bother with the exam, you are considered an attorney for our purposes. Um which makes me wonder why did I have to take the exam, but I'm all for it. Um I love it. I hope it's a permanent change. Other states are demanding that the tests go forward and they have enforced that. Um it's frustrating, I think it's just a money grab because law students are not in a position to fight this battle and then once you're a lawyer it feels like a moot point. Um but especially on twitter, there has been a huge uprising in the legal community being like, No, you can't make 500-2000 people at a time Over like a two or 3 day exam come in here and this is insane why are we allowing this?
SPEAKER_L: That is crazy. It seems like but I guess, you know, I don't know how they could do it because if you took it online I don't know what the bar exam is like. Is it? It seems like it'd be mostly essays like could you cheat on it or like.
SPEAKER_R: Yes in theory, but also like nothing that they have on the bar exam actually applies to being a lawyer. Um There's
SPEAKER_L: things.
SPEAKER_R: one section of essays, one section of multiple choice um part of it is actually done or actually I took the whole exam on a laptop so there's no reason you couldn't do it remotely except that like Proctor's wouldn't be able to see whether or not you're cheating. Um But also like if you went to law school and get your diploma, just let's call them an attorney, this is stupid, this isn't helpful to anybody.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah all their attorneys like trying to like keep it like the C. P. A. Exam or whatever trying to just keep like the pool, you know tighter I guess or some sort of, well I don't know what you would call it but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is gatekeeping. Um So
SPEAKER_L: the german
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: words.
SPEAKER_R: part of it. Is that the bar examiners association, like there's a special organization for it, This is their income, so of course they want to protect those interests. But there's also a group of attorneys that are, in my opinion, fucking insane. Um But they have a mentality of, well if I went through this horrible thing, you should have to go through it too. Mhm. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's what the same thing with like the accounts. I'm not an accountant but like I know the C. P. A. Exam it's like expensive. It's three parts it's the same thing. They're just like who can we not give this designation to to keep you know the thing out. I'm sure it's the same thing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's I'm really hoping that there's like enough steam to keep this movement going and abolish the exam once and for all, I don't want anybody else to go through it because the first time I took it, I was so stressed out that a month before the exam I was hospitalized with heart issues just like from the stress of it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: No it's how many? It's one part or like
SPEAKER_R: Uh So there's technically also three parts um two for the actual like larger portion of the exam and then ethics exam that's separate. Um and then it's 2 8 hour days I think it's um Like 200 questions, 210 questions and six essay portions and you don't know what's on the exam, you just have to study all of it and hope for the best. Um Like 99% of what I studied, I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: immediately forgot and never used again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm sure
SPEAKER_R: So. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you are in the state of Washington or
SPEAKER_R: Sorry
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you did you take it anywhere besides the state of Washington?
SPEAKER_R: No. Um Mostly because I wanted to build a career here and what is weird is that there is now like a uniform bar exam that half the states have adopted. So if you get like a high enough score in Washington, let's say it's out of 2 70. If I score like a 2 55 then I can transfer that score to other states and I can be licensed in those states But maybe like a last requires to 65 so I wouldn't be able to be licensed Alaska. Um And then other states have their own separate bar exams.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Try and just keep it you know more tight. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: so I think we're at the time almost. Where are we here? What do you have? Okay
SPEAKER_R: I opened it up a little bit early but yeah I think it's about 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: perfect. So pleasure meeting with you is very enjoyable.
SPEAKER_R: lovely chatting with you too.
SPEAKER_L: Stay safe and good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Have a great day
SPEAKER_R: Bye bye.