good. Yeah I can hear you can hear me. How are you actually surprised someone actually showed up for one of these every time I've done it Like no one shows up.
No that's that's not bad. I mean it's easy it's like if they don't show up it's like all right five minutes just painting out whatever that little differences. But
I'm in new york, My name's Andrew. I mean
what?
Where in Seattle are you from? Like you're
I was there like you're my girlfriend was born there so we went back to see where she grew up. She was like two when she left so she didn't really remember but she was like out where Microsoft is. I don't know we took a ride. Ah
Yeah it was so nice at a great time.
Did you have
like
here for a while?
nice
Yeah. How's the weather? It's like the I feel like it's such a short period of time, like Seattle has like nice weather.
Yeah. Yeah. How's your quarantine going?
That's
good.
is everything open? Like can you go into a restaurant and eat?
That's good. Yeah, you're
getting
so yeah, I'm in the office today, I'm the only one who comes in anymore. Um Kind of my boss fled, he's like he's like basically moved to California. Um No one else is coming in so I basically just come to check the mail uh like a one bedroom with my girlfriend in the city so it's tiny so I like any opportunity I can to get out of the apartment, you know? She's working, I'm working at moments like too much so it's going um we just got back, we actually took a trip to Utah because we were like going crazy. So last week um kind of just finishing my quarantine. But um yeah, we were hiking, we went to a couple of national parks out there, so it's great. We're out in like moab Utah in the desert.
Oh, nice. Um so it was good to get away, but nothing's open. Like they have outdoor dining here, which is okay, but I can't go in restaurants, gyms aren't open. I think retail just opened recently. But um it's like kind of a bet it's not a good situation like crime went up, a lot of like a lot of rest. Yeah and no one like people like fleeing Manhattan rents of like cater, you know, I mean they're gone down so aggressively because of this. Um and it's weird, people are just like kind of fleeing the city. It's kind of not, I think it's gonna take years for it to come back.
Well,
yeah, you guys have more like outdoor, you like close to mountains and can go hiking and stuff, you know what I mean? Like, I think just the closeness of the city kills people.
Well that's cool. Yeah, I love, we went out last year, we like took the ferry across to one of those little islands, uh and like, like you had all those lime bikes or whatever, which we were just a little like motors on them, which was terrific, and we would like go around and kind of just explore. It's so nice,
it's hot in that city center. I think it was like close to new york because you have all the tech, you know, people.
that's
pretty good.
we pay like 35 for like a very small apartments.
wow. Yeah, that's like new
york, great now. Things are coming down here so hopefully I can get a deal. My least doesn't end until november. But hopefully you know, kind of get a good deal.
Yeah. Sounds it. That's
good. What kind of work are you in? Mhm.
You like
it
you like being attorney, You're not like you're not in an office I guess like building hours constantly, are you
Every
Yeah that's good. I always thought like it was like corporate lawyers like they have there's like soulless work, they just like bill hours all day and like it sounds like horrible to me.
they get paid but I don't know it's worth like the prison of being stuck in an office. Like the
partners are like married and like have like you know families and I don't know how they do it, you know what I mean? I guess at that point, but they still have to build two, it's like wild.
I see.
I'm in financial services, we uh through over small businesses not getting, we invest in equity markets in India and we like that kind of stuff, you know, we're like an emerging markets fund. So actually I think try to help smaller businesses by lending the money and developing countries. That's good,
We're
like,
No, no, we were almost like 100% invested in India. We do have some investment
like Brazil, I think that's it at this point. You know, mostly we're in Brazil like China, we can't we don't invest in because it's too like their accounting is a problem and you can't really know what you're
getting. So India because I have that like british colonial past, their infrastructure and systems and particularly their accounting is like more reliable and you know what you're getting. Uh that's kind of what we're, you know, there's like tremendous, tremendous growth opportunity with all the people and it's you know,
thanks
vehicles,
recalls,
chemical
chemicals were in plastics and like uh tire manufacturers and those kind of things like Uh like probably are big just like in more industrial companies, we also invest in a lot of like there's a lot of like parent companies that have Indian offshoots that are owned by like the Indian like 51%. So like like nestle of Goodyear, so they're technically American companies that have solid accounting practices. But because like if you're gonna set up in India then you have to like have majority like indian stakeholders. So we do a lot of that too less to know.
Yeah, I've never been, I'm more like on the investment side in the office, but there's two guys, but no one's indian here, but they go to India a lot like a couple of times a year and these people on the ground, um, you know, that kind of thing. So it's it's all right, I've been here like five years and probably looking for a change soon for school. Yeah.
Mm. Uh so I live downtown actually and they were in City Hall, like up by City Hall, which is not that far from me. Um in the beginning it did like I think it's kind of calmed down, it got a little, they were like destroying a lot of cars by my apartment, got pretty heated. Like, like,
like
I don't
like police cars were getting lit on fire, I don't know. You know, I think because there's like it's hard to distinguish between you know because they're seen plenty of peaceful protests but in the beginning then they were like a lot of like robberies of like big stores like um in Soho all these like fashion stores were getting robbed and they were lighting.
So I think it kind of took away from the movement a little bit here because people couldn't distinguish like these protesters just like protesting and then it's going crazy or is it like it turned out I think it was like crime syndicates of people who were actively like stealing. Um So that was happening. That was probably then all the big stores were putting up like plywood on their windows and stuff and that kind of died down. I think it's sort of coming back to normal but that was like maybe when was it? May I think
day june yeah.
What happened in that capitol hill like
where they like turned it into like a little like city or something?
You know?
And
Three,
Who was like, was it just like a dispute or what happened like like
or something like,
I see
what's going on, you know, like is there still protests or like?
can you like
look on like the, can use to find like a booking record or anything or
everything
here?
have you been down there? Have you like gone to check out what's going on there?
Yeah. No, it doesn't mean it didn't seem that way when I was there. I think that's everything as all those pensions are tremendous and people want to protect their retirement. What not? The budgets are pretty big. Um
There most small military forces at this time, you know, they have or uh technology and weapons basically.
Has there been an uptick in corona viruses with all like the gathering or is it like pretty calm or like, you know what I mean?
That's good.
that's good. That's that's what everyone was worried about it. I don't think it really like new york are cases are way down now and there was plenty of protests. It doesn't seem like, You know that cause it, but like we have like 800 people dying a day here in March. It was pretty crazy like it seems
like it's like calm down a bit, but we have so many restrictions like, you know, you can't go like any state, you go to you now basically like have to quarantine back to New York and I guess it's working but you know we'll have to see what happens when it gets a little colder here.
I was used
to
get online right like it's pretty important test. You still have to go into a testing center I guess.
That is crazy. It seems like but I guess, you know, I don't know how they could do it because if you took it online I don't know what the bar exam is like. Is it? It seems like it'd be mostly essays like could you cheat on it or like.
things.
Yeah all their attorneys like trying to like keep it like the C. P. A. Exam or whatever trying to just keep like the pool, you know tighter I guess or some sort of, well I don't know what you would call it but
the german
words.
that's what the same thing with like the accounts. I'm not an accountant but like I know the C. P. A. Exam it's like expensive. It's three parts it's the same thing. They're just like who can we not give this designation to to keep you know the thing out. I'm sure it's the same thing.
No it's how many? It's one part or like
What?
Yeah I'm sure
you are in the state of Washington or
did
you did you take it anywhere besides the state of Washington?
Yeah. Try and just keep it you know more tight. Okay.
Yeah
so I think we're at the time almost. Where are we here? What do you have? Okay
perfect. So pleasure meeting with you is very enjoyable.
Stay safe and good luck with everything.
Have a great day