Hi, can you hear me? All right,
Oh no, I'm so sorry. I think I've had two people show up at one. No show.
Right. Oh my gosh, so I guess where are you located?
to meet you Andrew. I'm Maria. I'm
in Seattle. It's all right. It's not too bad.
West Seattle? Yeah.
Yeah. That's like the Bellevue Redmond area.
They have a really pretty campus. Yeah. Well that's nice to hear. I definitely love being here. I do miss new york. Um But
I
don't know,
I did live there for about a year between high school and college. Um
And then I just wanted to come home and start slash finish school. Um So this is, this is home for me. I like the mountains.
It is last week we got up into the 90s and this week I think we're just going to stay in the 70s. But it's funny. I like it. I m I do like short heat waves because it's a nice change of pace. Um But I don't love the long hot summers, it just means wild fires up and down the coast and you know I like hiking, I don't I don't want that to burn.
Quarantine is pretty okay. Um It's surprising but also not too different from how life was before that so many of my friends are in different parts of the country, so already like we were doing the Zoom and Skype and everything
and
um a lot of my work can be done remotely. My partner was the most impacted, he uh worked at one of the better restaurants in Seattle and so for a period of time we were just in limbo trying to figure out how to segue from that. Um But things are opening up so now he's a chef at a different restaurant and it like was the best possible outcome of this.
Uh they're open, but they're serving at 50% capacity and they're encouraging takeout. Um And I know smaller counties in Washington, they're more open. I would say like gatherings are maybe the biggest issue here because everybody likes going down to the beach and like starting a bonfire or whatever. But other than that, I don't think we've had too many big problems.
What
are you guys, what have you been up to in quarantine?
Utah is beautiful.
Really? That is interesting. I don't think I've noticed people like actively leaving
Seattle unless they specifically had family somewhere else and prioritized taking care of family. Other than that, everybody is pretty much just buckle down where they're at and they're like, okay, well this doesn't totally suck. It could be a whole lot worse.
That's very possible. Um I would say, yeah, we're used to like the 45 to an hour drive to get to good hikes. Um At least my partner and I were trying to hit up the more like yeah uh lesser known or less popular hikes just because when everybody here loves hiking like everybody goes out to the trail and that creates its own set of problems, so we're trying to explore new areas and that's been really fun.
Okay, it is lovely rent here sucks, but it's not, I will give you, it's not as bad as new york.
Yeah, Yeah, I think our current rent for a one bedroom is 1700 and that's subsidised. Um
So
I think like standard rent would be about 2100 um with utilities and everything um
if you live down like right in the heart of downtown. Yeah, it's not uncommon to see thirty five hundred four grand a month for apartments
or.
we're in the same boat, our lease is up in november. Um But West Seattle is kind of interesting compared to the rest of Seattle because it's like an offshoot and there's technically a bridge connecting like Seattle to West Seattle. Um But right at the start of quarantine, they shut down the bridge because they were like, this might collapse any day, please don't drive on it. Um so now our commute time has gone from like 10 minutes to get to downtown Seattle to 45 minutes to get to downtown Seattle. Um So we're considering just moving all together to a different like part of town to avoid the commute because it's rough and it's only gonna get worse.
No.
Uh So I do a lot of ghost writing for legal blogs, I got a lot degree and um, I previously had a job as an attorney, but in january our grant got rescinded. So I am not able to do the nonprofit work that I love and um, just got an offer to come back. So I'll be coming back the next few weeks, but
in the
meantime, Sorry?
No, I'm not. Um, so it's a nonprofit attorney. Like I get to help people and
make a meaningful impact. And I also set my own hours, so I'm salaried. But if there's not enough work to fill a 40 hour work week, like there's no expectation that I should create work and there's also no pressure to like go through clients really quickly. I get a provide like meaningful services. So it's fun to have that flexibility and it feels good.
I've done that before and it took about three months before I wanted to blow my brains out. So yeah,
if you are like a young bachelor, I think it's well worth it. Um But for anybody else, for anybody with a family or if you want to have a dating life, like not possible. Um
Yeah, I think they find like how um to take adequate shortcuts and still make it look presentable. Um but I don't know that I want to mess around with that. Plus, you know, if you're going to work for a big corporation, like at some point, you're going to be screwing over a business that doesn't deserve it, like a smaller business that doesn't deserve to get screwed over by a massive corporation and it just feels icky. Uh
What kind of work are you in?
And what's the most interesting emerging market that you guys are currently investing in
if
that's not private information
and
Hello?
So then is the investment more
like across a wide sector of small businesses or do you guys specialize in like specifically, let's say technology startups
or
I don't know, agricultural related
work.
That is interesting. I bet you have to do like a lot of forecasting for that,
I'm curious how have the bLM protests been in new york
protesters
or police
are?
So we are about
Uh yeah, Rami june.
I know and like especially our downtown neighborhoods, all the restaurants and all the like little shops boarded up for the pandemic, so they didn't need to board up additionally for protests and it's been kind of in waves over here.
but
yeah, Chaz chop whatever they called it. Um so that has been dismantled um but at the time when it was being created, it actually was super sustainable and really cool to be there.
Um it was meant as like a safe space away from cops um particularly for people of color, I got to see it was super peaceful, super nice. I also did a lot of the back end organizing um
so for protests and I still do a little bit of it um is coordinating like supplies and delivery and um safe ride back home or safe houses if people can't go back to their home for whatever reason. Um And yeah, it was working until I think outside forces kind of wanted to take advantage of it and um there were a couple of shootings and so then
as a result like they shut down um now
and we're
we have some gang activity like on the outskirts of Seattle and so I think they just took advantage of the fact that they knew there would be a lesser police presence in that area.
So some kind of dispute, I don't know.
Yeah, so it comes in waves, there's some weeks where it's a little quieter and a little more peaceful and then this last week has been pretty gnarly. Um I know for a fact a lot of protesters are now being formally arrested and charged in the past, they were just being detained. Um We have one person who's gone missing um like we the last that we know of her is that she had an interaction with law enforcement and then we have not heard from her since, so I do not know what's going on with that
and
law enforcement said they let her go, but she is not connected back with us. Her phone hasn't
been on,
I call me a conspiracy theorist, but I would not all be surprised if we're experiencing the same issues that are happening in Portland. Um,
I haven't been down there, but I do have friends who have been down there. Um it is gnarly. Their police force are acting very similar similarly to ours, in that they're recognizing that efforts to defund the police are becoming more successful and they're trying to hang on to whatever power that can. So there were retaliating and like more hostile manners than they were before and they're kind of being way more aggressive than necessary and they do not give a shit that people are filming like they are, they just don't care anymore. Um, I know that some protesters have been disappeared for days at a time down there. Um, I think we're seeing the same trend up here. Um, I don't know. Our city council has not been great at responding to this. They filmed super stubborn. Um I would love to abolish the whole system, but uh I'm I would be happy with even just uh cut to the funding Because they eat up 33% of our budget and Seattle is not a dangerous place
well, and they're almost entirely unregulated, so
yeah, and so we're just trying to be really careful with like how we're planning things and who shows up to the protests. I know, like at least from my end when I'm coordinating people too be available for pickup, or especially to like meet them outside the jail center, because our Some people get sent to detainment, like in downtown Seattle and other people are driven down to Kent, which is like a half hour, 45 minute drive away. Um and that's to address the South King County Court and like if there's not a lot of public transportation that runs through there, if you get released at two AM like you have to wait until five or six a.m. To catch your bus back. So we just try to coordinate and make sure that like, okay, the jail is going to be an asshole and release people at two am, like we'll have a pick up there for you, we'll have water and snacks and we'll make sure you get home safe. Um But that also means that police have been targeting certain vehicles and they have like days after a protest come back and tried to arrest people who have just been associated with a vehicle that they say was that the protests or I know if they spot like vehicles um parked in certain areas, they've been slashing tires, they've been breaking windows, like it is really shitty.
No, everybody has been super great about wearing their masks. Um
six ft apart isn't always possible, but one thing that we've been really certain to have is just to maintain like a really good um kind of supply of hand sanitizer. So we dispersed that and the stories surrounding the areas of the protests have been really great about offering up their spaces like for sanitation or hygiene purposes. So everybody's been staying really clean. Um Yeah, we haven't had any kind of uptick associated with the protest specifically.
No.
Yeah, but that's really expensive and really difficult for a lot of people. I know, I have friends who wanted to take the new york state bar um and you know, having to quarantine two weeks before that, in two weeks after that is such a financial burden on top of the cost of the exam and like, okay, well I can't just stay in someone's flat, I have to stay in an apartment or like in a hotel that's expensive. All
the meals,
like everything.
wow. Yeah, you could say is handling it differently. Our state um has enforced diploma privilege. So essentially if you got your diploma this year, don't bother with the exam, you are considered an attorney for our purposes. Um which makes me wonder why did I have to take the exam, but I'm all for it. Um I love it. I hope it's a permanent change. Other states are demanding that the tests go forward and they have enforced that. Um it's frustrating, I think it's just a money grab because law students are not in a position to fight this battle and then once you're a lawyer it feels like a moot point. Um but especially on twitter, there has been a huge uprising in the legal community being like, No, you can't make 500-2000 people at a time Over like a two or 3 day exam come in here and this is insane why are we allowing this?
Yes in theory, but also like nothing that they have on the bar exam actually applies to being a lawyer. Um There's
one section of essays, one section of multiple choice um part of it is actually done or actually I took the whole exam on a laptop so there's no reason you couldn't do it remotely except that like Proctor's wouldn't be able to see whether or not you're cheating. Um But also like if you went to law school and get your diploma, just let's call them an attorney, this is stupid, this isn't helpful to anybody.
Yeah, it is gatekeeping. Um So
they're
part of it. Is that the bar examiners association, like there's a special organization for it, This is their income, so of course they want to protect those interests. But there's also a group of attorneys that are, in my opinion, fucking insane. Um But they have a mentality of, well if I went through this horrible thing, you should have to go through it too. Mhm. Um
yeah, it's I'm really hoping that there's like enough steam to keep this movement going and abolish the exam once and for all, I don't want anybody else to go through it because the first time I took it, I was so stressed out that a month before the exam I was hospitalized with heart issues just like from the stress of it. Uh huh.
Uh So there's technically also three parts um two for the actual like larger portion of the exam and then ethics exam that's separate. Um and then it's 2 8 hour days I think it's um Like 200 questions, 210 questions and six essay portions and you don't know what's on the exam, you just have to study all of it and hope for the best. Um Like 99% of what I studied, I
immediately forgot and never used again.
So. So yeah.
Sorry
what?
No. Um Mostly because I wanted to build a career here and what is weird is that there is now like a uniform bar exam that half the states have adopted. So if you get like a high enough score in Washington, let's say it's out of 2 70. If I score like a 2 55 then I can transfer that score to other states and I can be licensed in those states But maybe like a last requires to 65 so I wouldn't be able to be licensed Alaska. Um And then other states have their own separate bar exams.
Yeah.
Um
I opened it up a little bit early but yeah I think it's about 25 minutes.
lovely chatting with you too.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.