SPEAKER_L: for me. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit. Can you hear me? How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm okay yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I'm okay too, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um This uh how many of these have you done?
SPEAKER_R: I think this is my Like my 4th or 5th I would say. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: About the same, yeah. Um It seems like a
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: pretty, I said about the same. It seems like a pretty of the survey's I've done on the site. Seems like a pretty good one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a pretty good incentive. Like usually like are you on just prolific or you're on other other things do?
SPEAKER_L: No I'm just.
SPEAKER_R: usually gonna, there's never like an individual survey that goes like over like $5 for the most part. So like a $10 1 is pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. Yeah, some of the surveys to their
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: bit, I just remember doing one that was like you had to like look for the numbers that added up To 100 or something out of like a field of like 200 numbers. And And and at first I was like Oh cool because it was like it was like $5 or something. I was like Oh cool. So I was doing it for about 10 minutes after 10
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: minutes, like I don't think I can do another 45 minutes of this.
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: I quit.
SPEAKER_R: will publicly advertised time on that?
SPEAKER_L: Um You was an hour.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. I feel like they
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: should pay more for that I think. Was it like $5 and like us dollars or British dollars?
SPEAKER_L: us dollars. Yeah, so some of them are a little like, like I don't mind answering a lot of questions, but if there's like a lot of cognitive load involved. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: because the questions can be just like long but like they're not like too much effort on your part because they're pretty simple.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. But if you have to like do a bunch of math or something, I guess that's not really math, but it's it's still like mentally a lot more taxing than answering questions about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I got like the worst one I got was actually today it was like a 40 minute study and it was something about like memorizing like text and I had to speak it back into like the computer.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds right. Yeah. I think the best ones are just like when it's like a dollar for like two minutes of questions and like sweet. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because those add up to and it's like not too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh What part of the country are you in
SPEAKER_R: I'm from the east coast. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: West Coast?
SPEAKER_R: Cool. What brings you to the west coast?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Good question. I guess my dad a long time ago I got a job out here. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Have you always lived on the East Coast or?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, my entire life.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Yeah. It's weird. Um I don't know about you, but I've only been partnered with opposite coast people.
SPEAKER_R: That's weird. My last one was actually from the same coast as me. Maybe there's a lot of east coast people and you're getting all of them.
SPEAKER_L: maybe. Yeah, I guess there's more population on the East Coast in general, so that could be it. Um Yeah, there was a guy from Florida to people from New York and one person from Massachusetts.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: So um, it's it's uh, I don't know what latitude you're at, but I'm north enough that it's getting dark around like 4:00
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: these days. So I had,
SPEAKER_R: For me like this one sets around like 4:30 and it's darkly like five. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay, yes, I had like, I haven't actually done one of these when it's dark before I had to figure out the whole lighting thing. Yeah, that is other room lights, but they're like halogen down lights and they don't uh I think they actually make it harder to see my face because it's like my eyebrows cast a shadow on the other my face. Uh huh. Uh so I just have a desk man pointed at the wall right now. But yeah, how's uh how's fall go? I guess it's almost winter winter now. I don't know when is winter officially?
SPEAKER_R: I think it I think is I think it actually doesn't start until late december. Like I feel like, yeah, like nobody would consider like just like early december, like fall.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wouldn't agree with that either. The like the span from like mid october to like early March here
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: is basically just like uh try to remember what it's like to see the sun. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: huh. It's pretty cloudy all the time and it stays really even during the daytime, even at noon, it's like really dim. Um Sometimes even if it's cold outside, I'll just open the window so it's a little brighter inside. Uh huh. Uh Yeah. Do you all get a lot of snow over there? Not
SPEAKER_R: Not a lot. Like we usually have like it's some, we're not like to up north, but it's like like that usually it's like um every other winter, like one will be bad and then the next one we get like no snow.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's good, that size.
SPEAKER_R: What about you? Do you get a lot of snow?
SPEAKER_L: No, maybe every couple winners will get not a lot of snow, but enough snow for here that it messes things up. Um And it also tends to we tend to hover around the like the freeze temperature, so we tend to get a lot of ice if we if we get some snow, it all turns to ice within a couple of days. Um So that's why things usually get messed up But uh yeah, if we get more than like 2" people panic and the grocery stores are all out of like bread.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh and stuff. Um How's your week been so far?
SPEAKER_R: it's been okay, not too bad actually, like I've been managing, managing everything fine. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: About the same. I I haven't got a lot, I've been trying to shop for eyeglasses online which is a lot harder than I thought. It turns out the websites don't really care what whether or not your friends are going to fit so you have to like be really careful and a lot of them have really bad return policies like any optical, it's really popular site but basically unless they totally mess up, you're going to pay at least half the cost plus shipping to retrain your glasses. Uh
SPEAKER_R: mean, do you know anyone who's shop for my glasses before?
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean I've talked to a couple who did it online but not many people. My prescription is kind of strong so that makes it more challenging. If you don't have a very strong prescription, you can be um you have a lot more leeway in terms of mistakes but if you're if you're not too accurate with
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: fitting with a stronger prescription, you get really bad visual distortion, you get headaches and stuff. So
SPEAKER_R: Have you worn glasses like your entire life?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty much since I was like 10 or something. Um Yeah, I wish I could spend more time outdoors. Probably would have avoided this fate. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never had them before. I do get tested early and they always like, they're starting to tell me now that if I have spent too much time on the screen that I like when you like reading glasses, but like now we're in the place where you you're always on the screen for everything, so it's like I out of my hands.
SPEAKER_L: You can just like look across the room or down the hallway every 20 minutes or so even for just like 30 seconds. That supposedly helps quite a bit.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's basically just about getting your your eye muscles to do some distance focusing. Um Because if they're near focused all the time eventually um it's a combination of your muscles balance changing and changing the shape of your lens. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: but yeah
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: definitely pick that one up.
SPEAKER_L: yeah contacts are nice though. I hope when the pandemics over I'll go back to wearing those but right now I don't want to be touching my eyes a lot. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Uh What uh do you manage Two? I totally lost it. What's uh do you watch any like shows on netflix or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: Not a lot of show actually did watch one show recently. I'm not a huge tv person, but I guess you asked me at the right time. I just finished watching, I don't know if you've heard of it, but like neon genesis Evangelion.
SPEAKER_L: I have heard of it it sounds it's like a pretty famous anime. I'm not super inanimate myself but I've heard it's quite good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me neither. I thought I wasn't gonna like it. So things like the first half of the show, it's actually like interesting. Is the guy who made the show like 14 episodes in like his friend got him a second, like a psychology textbook is like a gift. So like being higher tone of the shit that the show like shifts halfway through because it goes from like robot
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: anime uh to like something like darker and more like mental. So like I like the second half, the first time I sort of had to sludge through but the second half was good.
SPEAKER_L: I don't mind spoilers. What's so in terms of the psychological aspect, what's it kind of and john
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean I guess like the setup of the show it's like it's the apocalypse or whatever and there's a lot of more detail than that. But they need these like kids to like fight giant robots and at first it starts like oh the kids just have to pile with the robots and they're just luckily chosen for it. But then it later comes down to the fact that like they can only like fight the angels which are like the monsters because like the soul of like they're dead mother is in the robot and or the main character also has depression and like horrible relationship with his father. Then the main the second name girl is like they reveal her mother killed herself and like she found her dead body and
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: um all the characters basically have deep psychological stuff and then like the last two episodes like are very controversial because it's literally just like they like try and make this project like where they combine every single humans like into one mind. So like there's no different people, it's just everybody is in one like collective hive mind thing and it's essential watching people like the characters that mentally fall apart as that
SPEAKER_L: chief yeah that sounds pretty intense. Uh I can't really think of a show that compares to that at all. Mhm. Um I don't know. Yeah it's kind of interesting, it's like weird. I was found much of a tv person growing up but with streaming services it's kind of nice because you can just see if you like something and if you don't like it then you know you just put it down you don't have to wait few months or something for something to come out.
SPEAKER_R: I've always been more of a movie person to like it's less of a commitment, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true, that's true. What uh what's one of your favorite movies?
SPEAKER_R: I got to think like a lot of movies um I guess what I've seen recently that I really liked was um Recently watched 20th century woman which I really like. Not
SPEAKER_L: I haven't
SPEAKER_R: like one
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: of my
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: favorites
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: but I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_L: what's it about?
SPEAKER_R: It's about like it takes place in the 70s and it's about like a 15 year old boy and like it's um he has a single mom. It's not there's really not a lot of plot. It's just a very pretty movie and it's fun And we the mom tries to must be tenant like she's like 2030 And she's like alternative like punk like that type of 70 stuff And the 16 year old friend to help raise him into what's a good man?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. There's a, when I was taking french we we watched some movies I was just thinking about this because you were talking about the enemy. I was like in terms of like really I guess heavy movies for some reason the french are just really good at making them. Um There's we had we watched this one movie about um a man with a developmental disability and I guess his family rejects him for some reason and he runs into this businessman um who is going through a divorce or something because son Um he's like eight year old son um doesn't identify as male and he just can't deal with it. So he decides to divorce his wife. Um And so it's like this movie about like them getting to know each other and getting a lot at first like the businessman just like trying to get the guy to leave them alone. Um But anyways I won't spoil the rest of it. Uh, if you're really like movies about psychology and relationships, I can try to find the title. I don't remember it off the top of my head.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I think like the description enough is pretty unique that there's not gonna be too many movies that are in front about like a rejected disabled man running into a divorced
SPEAKER_L: The,
SPEAKER_R: businessman. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there's another movie to uh, I don't remember much of it, but a guy goes back to his family's vineyard to try to revive it. Um, and it's just like, the whole movie is just brutally sad. It's like, I don't know what it is. Uh, maybe it was just my teacher. Uh, but it was uh, yeah. Um, have you ever, but in terms of like kind of just fun movies, there's a really good Canadian movie called gun lists and it's about the Montana kid. Um, and he ends up Canada and he doesn't understand why everybody is so damn nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What is it called again? Gun was
SPEAKER_L: Gunman. Yeah, it's really pretty. It has a lot of good cinematography and landscapes. And they built this whole like little western town out in the middle of nowhere to shoot the movie. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really funny. It's like, it's got a lot of surprisingly large amount of like physical humor too. So it's like this weird, I don't know if you ever saw an airplane or?
SPEAKER_R: I have a way.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. So not quite as like crazy as that, but there's you know how airplane has some like physical humor. Um House has a fair amount of that and you don't see that a lot these days unless it's like some like an Adam Sandler movie, but it's not like damn like down the movie. Mm What's ah do you usually watch more like comedies or dramas or horror action or?
SPEAKER_R: Are clear like more like dramas I guess because it's hard to find like a lot of good comedies, not that
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: there aren't ones, but like it's a lot easier to make a bad comedy than like a bad drama and have the bad comedy like more popular and well known.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Adam Sandler in a nutshell. Uh I think he tried to make serious movies and he was like, nobody cares, nobody wants to watch my serious movies. I'm just going to higher my friends to make stupid movies in Hawaii. Yeah, we're gonna have a good time and make lots of money making stupid movies.
SPEAKER_R: He wasn't like one though. Like uncut gems was supposed to be like good I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've got jones and then surprisingly click the one with the remote was like a really deep movie. It did not expect that
SPEAKER_R: Have you seen it like, I mean Yeah, I guess
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: you have. Well I asked that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's like a lot more like confronting existential crises then you expect from an Adam Sandler comedy.
SPEAKER_R: what's it about?
SPEAKER_L: Um he finds this remote that allows him to rewind fast forward time and it leads to a lot of introspective existential questions on his part.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. I I'm usually not into huge adam Sandler movies, but I'll check it out.
SPEAKER_L: No, yeah, I am not a, not a huge fan of him or either. I was just thinking in terms of like stupid comedies is pretty high other than like Seth Rogan and Will Ferrell, um the rest of that crew.
SPEAKER_R: I mean what about you, have you seen any like good tv shows recently with like streaming? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's not really doesn't have a plot but the great british bake off for great british baking show is always good.
SPEAKER_R: my God. I love I love that show
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: so good.
SPEAKER_L: it's like you know it's got just enough drama to keep it exciting but it's not overly food network. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Wait, I just I recently finished like my first whole season of it. Have you seen the
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: with like francie Francis and ruby and like Kimber way?
SPEAKER_L: yeah Kimberly. She does she's got glasses right She does like a lot of japanese cakes or.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay maybe I
SPEAKER_R: Maybe not.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen all of them. I just don't remember all of them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think Kimberly is like like ruby is like the one that's really good, but she gets anxious all the time and then
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Is she a mom? She had two
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: kids
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: 3?
SPEAKER_R: was actually really young. I think ruby was really young and then came Roy was, she was like african american and she was really good and then they had Frances Frances ended up winning I think.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah I don't remember this season off the top of my head but I'm sure it was. Was it mary berry and paul Hollywood? Where
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: the host? Okay
SPEAKER_R: Before
SPEAKER_L: who were
SPEAKER_R: mary
SPEAKER_L: there?
SPEAKER_R: hood
SPEAKER_L: Like who are like the M. C. S. I like.
SPEAKER_R: I forgot exactly, but it's like it's like the blonde woman and then the woman of the black short hair and the glasses.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah I was an earlier season then. Um Yeah that's always good if you like that show you might like another one called grand designs about
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: housing.
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: It's like an architect goes around and tours all these house builds. It's more exciting that that that description makes it sound um Because he's like really friendly to which makes it good to give them advice. Well not on camera but you can tell he's giving them advice off camera. Um And he asked him like good questions but not in like a rude way. Uh
SPEAKER_R: mm is that what is that on, like streaming wise?
SPEAKER_L: Um there's two seasons on Netflix and two seasons on Amazon and you can search on youtube, you can find seasons there too. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: But but in terms of like actual show shows I was thinking of drama there's a drama serial called Person of Interest and it's also a bit psychological. Uh It ran for a really long time. Is there's five seasons I think or six, Can't remember, it's like 120 episodes or something. Um And it's about this really wealthy dude who builds a mass surveillance system. Mhm. And um the surveillance system is actually a character because it has a general intelligence. So it's an artificial super intelligence. And uh it starts off kind of like like law and order or like serial crime. I mean episode of crime show sort of thing. So don't don't think that that's like the whole show after like the first season or about halfway through the first season, the serial plot starts going, it gets really um It's the only show I've ever seen that actually like talks about what would make a robot more human or what makes humans more like robots. Um And it's it's really um it's just really interesting. There's a bunch of really interesting characters, they all have pretty fleshed out backgrounds and um you really like, it's like you think you know what's going on and then there's another layer and then there's another layer and then there's another layer and it just keeps going uh until you're not really sure what's going on anymore and then it kind of wraps
SPEAKER_R: And when
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: up at the end in a good way. So it's hard to explain. But long story short, the machine gives the guy the guy like at first he didn't care about. The machine is designed to detect terrorist threats, but it can see any kind of like premeditated violence. And at first he was like well it's not my job to deal with that, but then he started like watching people die remotely basically and he got really sad about it. So he hired this guy uh and the two of them go around preventing murders and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah, it's kind of a weird like techie shoulder Sherlock
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: Holmes
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: dystopian, if I like, if you like Black Mirror, you probably like this show.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like Black Mirror so haven't
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: seen
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it in a while but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, this is not quite as uh dystopian as Black Mirror, but um, and it's more like adventurous I guess, but I think you'd be up your alley.
SPEAKER_R: thank you
SPEAKER_L: Um And another one is occupied or occupant. That's a pretty solid drama, It's not too long. Um
SPEAKER_R: What's it about?
SPEAKER_L: think of film Norway, it's about a Russian occupation of Norway.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that one's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Like what language is it? Is it like Russian
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: or is it
SPEAKER_L: normal,
SPEAKER_R: like a what?
SPEAKER_L: is it? Norwegian and American is in Norwegian and Russian and English, depending on who talking if it's Norwegian talking for Russian, they're probably talking in english. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Is it like me? But like a Norwegian company? Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Um so yeah, it's uh it's, it's interesting because you don't see a lot of, at least from american productions, there's like a lot of dramas that are like involved quite a bit of violence and this one does really have much overt violence, so when it happens it's like very impactful um person of interest is kind of comical, like there's like a lot of shooting uh uh yeah, I don't know how the show would work though otherwise because it's sort of like a weird cross between like a western and a yeah crime thriller. Um What what up?
SPEAKER_R: I'll check it out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so um what else do you do for fun besides movies, do you?
SPEAKER_R: Nothing much really. Not that except
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you know it's a good time to to not do a whole lot to be honest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did Portland
SPEAKER_L: Um I uh I don't know, it's kind of interesting at first, I was like pretty bummed about the whole pandemic thing and I'm lucky that it does like I can still work um uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: but now it's just kind
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: we just hope, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Hit 25 minutes,
SPEAKER_R: I was going to say we just hit that period of the pandemic where it's like It feels real but it feels not, but we also did hit 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Uh Yeah, I was gonna good um I was just gonna say like at first it was like it felt like it was taking forever and then uh now it's like I've settled into a routine and I feel like I could do this routine for another year. No problem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I think I don't like wanted to continue but it would also upset my routine to go back to normal
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't, I think like pretty much anyone who's able to work from home and doesn't have to take care of kids is probably not too happy to go back into the office. I know um commuting here is like crazy, I was just gonna run just a couple minutes over just in case uh for the chat. Um But commuting here is like I used to wake up at 5 30 get on the bus at 6 15, get to work at 7 50 Get on the bus again at 5:30, Get home at 7:30. Uh huh. And like try to cook dinner and eat and then sleep and then just do it all over again and if there was like a ball game That I wasn't getting home until like 8:30 or nine um There were days where it was faster to walk home than it was to take the bus. Uh not that I would want to walk 15 miles but. Uh huh. So yeah. Okay, I think it has been a solid 25 minutes. Um Just want to make sure we I don't remember, do you remember what time you joined?
SPEAKER_R: I think we've around nine, so I think we'll be good. Probably right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's ah on my clock it's two minutes past so maybe run it like one or 2 more minutes just in case. Mhm. Because I didn't I wasn't keeping track of when you joined and I joined like three minutes early so um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Trying to search for that french film you told me about the one affect the disabled man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Chocolate maybe yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe I can find it. Yeah the he the disabled person is uh
SPEAKER_R: I was going to
SPEAKER_L: allergic to chocolate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah man. No. Yeah actually not getting a lot of
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I keep getting like the Intouchables, which I know is not it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yes yeah
SPEAKER_R: They only had
SPEAKER_L: yeah I wish I could remember the new
SPEAKER_R: That's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Two with the card on my Googling like french movie, allergic to chocolate disability. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah Intouchables comes up a lot. Uh Hi mm You probably would like probably honestly if you go and like Reddit or something you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they probably
SPEAKER_L: find
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you find some subreddit for french films and you ask there somebody will know um I don't know the name. It's a really touching film though. It's like um you ever seen that short film the three D. Animated short film with the kiwi
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bird?
SPEAKER_R: don't think so. The kiwi bird? No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if you go to Youtube and you just search for kiwi it should be one of the top results. Uh huh. It has a similar vibe to that short film. Uh Okay. Yeah I think we have totally, Yeah it's the third hit on YouTube. three d. animated Kiwi master's thesis. 44 million views about three minutes long. Um Kiwi with an exclamation mark apparently at all. Uh Yeah similar vibe to that short film is the best way I can describe it. I think it's totally totally worth if you can find it totally worth watching really like for some reason like american films are just not very good. I think at exploring relationships that are not like pretty, there's like a very like set typecast relationships in american films, just none of them. I think of the regulation ships in this film fit and anything I've seen before. Um anyways I think we definitely hit 25 minutes um chat and I hope you have a good weekend,
SPEAKER_R: You too.