Hello
a little bit. Can you hear me? How are you?
I'm okay too, thank you.
I think this is my Like my 4th or 5th I would say. What about you?
What?
Yeah it's a pretty good incentive. Like usually like are you on just prolific or you're on other other things do?
usually gonna, there's never like an individual survey that goes like over like $5 for the most part. So like a $10 1 is pretty good.
No.
What
we
will publicly advertised time on that?
Oh wow. I feel like they
should pay more for that I think. Was it like $5 and like us dollars or British dollars?
because the questions can be just like long but like they're not like too much effort on your part because they're pretty simple.
Yeah I think I got like the worst one I got was actually today it was like a 40 minute study and it was something about like memorizing like text and I had to speak it back into like the computer.
Yeah, because those add up to and it's like not too much.
I'm from the east coast. What about you?
Cool. What brings you to the west coast?
That's cool.
Oh yeah, my entire life.
That's weird. My last one was actually from the same coast as me. Maybe there's a lot of east coast people and you're getting all of them.
That's
No
For me like this one sets around like 4:30 and it's darkly like five. Yeah.
I think it I think is I think it actually doesn't start until late december. Like I feel like, yeah, like nobody would consider like just like early december, like fall.
Well
wow.
Not a lot. Like we usually have like it's some, we're not like to up north, but it's like like that usually it's like um every other winter, like one will be bad and then the next one we get like no snow.
What about you? Do you get a lot of snow?
I'm
it's been okay, not too bad actually, like I've been managing, managing everything fine. What about you?
mean, do you know anyone who's shop for my glasses before?
Look.
Have you worn glasses like your entire life?
Yeah, I've never had them before. I do get tested early and they always like, they're starting to tell me now that if I have spent too much time on the screen that I like when you like reading glasses, but like now we're in the place where you you're always on the screen for everything, so it's like I out of my hands.
That's cool. I didn't know that.
That's
I was
definitely pick that one up.
makes sense.
Not a lot of show actually did watch one show recently. I'm not a huge tv person, but I guess you asked me at the right time. I just finished watching, I don't know if you've heard of it, but like neon genesis Evangelion.
Yeah, me neither. I thought I wasn't gonna like it. So things like the first half of the show, it's actually like interesting. Is the guy who made the show like 14 episodes in like his friend got him a second, like a psychology textbook is like a gift. So like being higher tone of the shit that the show like shifts halfway through because it goes from like robot
anime uh to like something like darker and more like mental. So like I like the second half, the first time I sort of had to sludge through but the second half was good.
Well I mean I guess like the setup of the show it's like it's the apocalypse or whatever and there's a lot of more detail than that. But they need these like kids to like fight giant robots and at first it starts like oh the kids just have to pile with the robots and they're just luckily chosen for it. But then it later comes down to the fact that like they can only like fight the angels which are like the monsters because like the soul of like they're dead mother is in the robot and or the main character also has depression and like horrible relationship with his father. Then the main the second name girl is like they reveal her mother killed herself and like she found her dead body and
um all the characters basically have deep psychological stuff and then like the last two episodes like are very controversial because it's literally just like they like try and make this project like where they combine every single humans like into one mind. So like there's no different people, it's just everybody is in one like collective hive mind thing and it's essential watching people like the characters that mentally fall apart as that
I've always been more of a movie person to like it's less of a commitment, you know what I mean?
I got to think like a lot of movies um I guess what I've seen recently that I really liked was um Recently watched 20th century woman which I really like. Not
like one
of my
favorites
but I enjoyed it.
It's about like it takes place in the 70s and it's about like a 15 year old boy and like it's um he has a single mom. It's not there's really not a lot of plot. It's just a very pretty movie and it's fun And we the mom tries to must be tenant like she's like 2030 And she's like alternative like punk like that type of 70 stuff And the 16 year old friend to help raise him into what's a good man?
Okay. I think like the description enough is pretty unique that there's not gonna be too many movies that are in front about like a rejected disabled man running into a divorced
businessman. Yeah.
What is it called again? Gun was
That's fun.
I have a way.
Are clear like more like dramas I guess because it's hard to find like a lot of good comedies, not that
like
there aren't ones, but like it's a lot easier to make a bad comedy than like a bad drama and have the bad comedy like more popular and well known.
He wasn't like one though. Like uncut gems was supposed to be like good I think.
Have you seen it like, I mean Yeah, I guess
you have. Well I asked that,
what's it about?
That's cool. I I'm usually not into huge adam Sandler movies, but I'll check it out.
I mean what about you, have you seen any like good tv shows recently with like streaming? Mhm.
my God. I love I love that show
so good.
Wait, I just I recently finished like my first whole season of it. Have you seen the
one
with like francie Francis and ruby and like Kimber way?
I don't think so.
Maybe not.
Yeah, I think Kimberly is like like ruby is like the one that's really good, but she gets anxious all the time and then
I don't
think
he
was actually really young. I think ruby was really young and then came Roy was, she was like african american and she was really good and then they had Frances Frances ended up winning I think.
I know.
Before
mary
hood
I forgot exactly, but it's like it's like the blonde woman and then the woman of the black short hair and the glasses.
What's
that?
mm is that what is that on, like streaming wise?
Right, that's cool.
And when
it
that's cool
on
one
Yeah, I like Black Mirror so haven't
seen
it in a while but
thank you
What's it about?
Oh that's cool.
Like what language is it? Is it like Russian
or is it
like a what?
Is it like me? But like a Norwegian company? Uh
huh that's cool.
I'll check it out.
Nothing much really. Not that except
Yeah, I did Portland
Uh huh
I
think
we just hope, yeah,
I was going to say we just hit that period of the pandemic where it's like It feels real but it feels not, but we also did hit 25 minutes.
Yeah, like I think I don't like wanted to continue but it would also upset my routine to go back to normal
I think we've around nine, so I think we'll be good. Probably right.
Yeah. Trying to search for that french film you told me about the one affect the disabled man. Yeah.
Yeah.
I was going to
Yeah. I keep getting like the Intouchables, which I know is not it. Yeah.
Yeah.
They only had
That's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh huh.
Uh huh. Two with the card on my Googling like french movie, allergic to chocolate disability. Yeah.
Yeah, they probably
did.
I
don't think so. The kiwi bird? No. Yeah.
You too.