for me. Hello?
Can you hear me?
Uh I'm okay yourself?
Mhm. Um This uh how many of these have you done?
About the same, yeah. Um It seems like a
pretty, I said about the same. It seems like a pretty of the survey's I've done on the site. Seems like a pretty good one.
No I'm just.
Yeah that's true. Yeah, some of the surveys to their
bit, I just remember doing one that was like you had to like look for the numbers that added up To 100 or something out of like a field of like 200 numbers. And And and at first I was like Oh cool because it was like it was like $5 or something. I was like Oh cool. So I was doing it for about 10 minutes after 10
minutes, like I don't think I can do another 45 minutes of this.
I quit.
Um You was an hour.
Is
us dollars. Yeah, so some of them are a little like, like I don't mind answering a lot of questions, but if there's like a lot of cognitive load involved. Mhm.
Right. Right. But if you have to like do a bunch of math or something, I guess that's not really math, but it's it's still like mentally a lot more taxing than answering questions about yourself.
That sounds right. Yeah. I think the best ones are just like when it's like a dollar for like two minutes of questions and like sweet. Uh huh.
Yeah. Uh What part of the country are you in
West Coast?
Uh huh. Good question. I guess my dad a long time ago I got a job out here. Um
Have you always lived on the East Coast or?
Cool. Yeah. It's weird. Um I don't know about you, but I've only been partnered with opposite coast people.
maybe. Yeah, I guess there's more population on the East Coast in general, so that could be it. Um Yeah, there was a guy from Florida to people from New York and one person from Massachusetts.
So um, it's it's uh, I don't know what latitude you're at, but I'm north enough that it's getting dark around like 4:00
these days. So I had,
okay, yes, I had like, I haven't actually done one of these when it's dark before I had to figure out the whole lighting thing. Yeah, that is other room lights, but they're like halogen down lights and they don't uh I think they actually make it harder to see my face because it's like my eyebrows cast a shadow on the other my face. Uh huh. Uh so I just have a desk man pointed at the wall right now. But yeah, how's uh how's fall go? I guess it's almost winter winter now. I don't know when is winter officially?
Yeah, I wouldn't agree with that either. The like the span from like mid october to like early March here
is basically just like uh try to remember what it's like to see the sun. Yeah. Uh
huh. It's pretty cloudy all the time and it stays really even during the daytime, even at noon, it's like really dim. Um Sometimes even if it's cold outside, I'll just open the window so it's a little brighter inside. Uh huh. Uh Yeah. Do you all get a lot of snow over there? Not
Okay, that's good, that size.
No, maybe every couple winners will get not a lot of snow, but enough snow for here that it messes things up. Um And it also tends to we tend to hover around the like the freeze temperature, so we tend to get a lot of ice if we if we get some snow, it all turns to ice within a couple of days. Um So that's why things usually get messed up But uh yeah, if we get more than like 2" people panic and the grocery stores are all out of like bread.
Uh huh. Uh and stuff. Um How's your week been so far?
About the same. I I haven't got a lot, I've been trying to shop for eyeglasses online which is a lot harder than I thought. It turns out the websites don't really care what whether or not your friends are going to fit so you have to like be really careful and a lot of them have really bad return policies like any optical, it's really popular site but basically unless they totally mess up, you're going to pay at least half the cost plus shipping to retrain your glasses. Uh
Um I mean I've talked to a couple who did it online but not many people. My prescription is kind of strong so that makes it more challenging. If you don't have a very strong prescription, you can be um you have a lot more leeway in terms of mistakes but if you're if you're not too accurate with
fitting with a stronger prescription, you get really bad visual distortion, you get headaches and stuff. So
Pretty much since I was like 10 or something. Um Yeah, I wish I could spend more time outdoors. Probably would have avoided this fate. Um
You can just like look across the room or down the hallway every 20 minutes or so even for just like 30 seconds. That supposedly helps quite a bit.
Yeah it's basically just about getting your your eye muscles to do some distance focusing. Um Because if they're near focused all the time eventually um it's a combination of your muscles balance changing and changing the shape of your lens. Yeah
but yeah
something
yeah contacts are nice though. I hope when the pandemics over I'll go back to wearing those but right now I don't want to be touching my eyes a lot. Yeah
mm. Uh What uh do you manage Two? I totally lost it. What's uh do you watch any like shows on netflix or anything like that?
I have heard of it it sounds it's like a pretty famous anime. I'm not super inanimate myself but I've heard it's quite good.
that's cool.
I don't mind spoilers. What's so in terms of the psychological aspect, what's it kind of and john
well
chief yeah that sounds pretty intense. Uh I can't really think of a show that compares to that at all. Mhm. Um I don't know. Yeah it's kind of interesting, it's like weird. I was found much of a tv person growing up but with streaming services it's kind of nice because you can just see if you like something and if you don't like it then you know you just put it down you don't have to wait few months or something for something to come out.
Yeah that's true, that's true. What uh what's one of your favorite movies?
I haven't
heard
of
it,
what's it about?
Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. There's a, when I was taking french we we watched some movies I was just thinking about this because you were talking about the enemy. I was like in terms of like really I guess heavy movies for some reason the french are just really good at making them. Um There's we had we watched this one movie about um a man with a developmental disability and I guess his family rejects him for some reason and he runs into this businessman um who is going through a divorce or something because son Um he's like eight year old son um doesn't identify as male and he just can't deal with it. So he decides to divorce his wife. Um And so it's like this movie about like them getting to know each other and getting a lot at first like the businessman just like trying to get the guy to leave them alone. Um But anyways I won't spoil the rest of it. Uh, if you're really like movies about psychology and relationships, I can try to find the title. I don't remember it off the top of my head.
The,
there's another movie to uh, I don't remember much of it, but a guy goes back to his family's vineyard to try to revive it. Um, and it's just like, the whole movie is just brutally sad. It's like, I don't know what it is. Uh, maybe it was just my teacher. Uh, but it was uh, yeah. Um, have you ever, but in terms of like kind of just fun movies, there's a really good Canadian movie called gun lists and it's about the Montana kid. Um, and he ends up Canada and he doesn't understand why everybody is so damn nice. Yeah.
Gunman. Yeah, it's really pretty. It has a lot of good cinematography and landscapes. And they built this whole like little western town out in the middle of nowhere to shoot the movie. Um
Yeah, it's really funny. It's like, it's got a lot of surprisingly large amount of like physical humor too. So it's like this weird, I don't know if you ever saw an airplane or?
Okay. Yeah. So not quite as like crazy as that, but there's you know how airplane has some like physical humor. Um House has a fair amount of that and you don't see that a lot these days unless it's like some like an Adam Sandler movie, but it's not like damn like down the movie. Mm What's ah do you usually watch more like comedies or dramas or horror action or?
that's
true.
Yeah. Adam Sandler in a nutshell. Uh I think he tried to make serious movies and he was like, nobody cares, nobody wants to watch my serious movies. I'm just going to higher my friends to make stupid movies in Hawaii. Yeah, we're gonna have a good time and make lots of money making stupid movies.
Yeah, I've got jones and then surprisingly click the one with the remote was like a really deep movie. It did not expect that
are
Yeah, there's like a lot more like confronting existential crises then you expect from an Adam Sandler comedy.
Um he finds this remote that allows him to rewind fast forward time and it leads to a lot of introspective existential questions on his part.
No, yeah, I am not a, not a huge fan of him or either. I was just thinking in terms of like stupid comedies is pretty high other than like Seth Rogan and Will Ferrell, um the rest of that crew.
it's not really doesn't have a plot but the great british bake off for great british baking show is always good.
It's
it's like you know it's got just enough drama to keep it exciting but it's not overly food network. Uh huh.
That's
the
yeah Kimberly. She does she's got glasses right She does like a lot of japanese cakes or.
Okay maybe I
I've seen all of them. I just don't remember all of them.
Oh okay. Is she a mom? She had two
kids
or
3?
okay. Yeah I don't remember this season off the top of my head but I'm sure it was. Was it mary berry and paul Hollywood? Where
the host? Okay
who were
there?
Like who are like the M. C. S. I like.
Okay. Yeah I was an earlier season then. Um Yeah that's always good if you like that show you might like another one called grand designs about
housing.
It's like an architect goes around and tours all these house builds. It's more exciting that that that description makes it sound um Because he's like really friendly to which makes it good to give them advice. Well not on camera but you can tell he's giving them advice off camera. Um And he asked him like good questions but not in like a rude way. Uh
Um there's two seasons on Netflix and two seasons on Amazon and you can search on youtube, you can find seasons there too. Um
But but in terms of like actual show shows I was thinking of drama there's a drama serial called Person of Interest and it's also a bit psychological. Uh It ran for a really long time. Is there's five seasons I think or six, Can't remember, it's like 120 episodes or something. Um And it's about this really wealthy dude who builds a mass surveillance system. Mhm. And um the surveillance system is actually a character because it has a general intelligence. So it's an artificial super intelligence. And uh it starts off kind of like like law and order or like serial crime. I mean episode of crime show sort of thing. So don't don't think that that's like the whole show after like the first season or about halfway through the first season, the serial plot starts going, it gets really um It's the only show I've ever seen that actually like talks about what would make a robot more human or what makes humans more like robots. Um And it's it's really um it's just really interesting. There's a bunch of really interesting characters, they all have pretty fleshed out backgrounds and um you really like, it's like you think you know what's going on and then there's another layer and then there's another layer and then there's another layer and it just keeps going uh until you're not really sure what's going on anymore and then it kind of wraps
it
up at the end in a good way. So it's hard to explain. But long story short, the machine gives the guy the guy like at first he didn't care about. The machine is designed to detect terrorist threats, but it can see any kind of like premeditated violence. And at first he was like well it's not my job to deal with that, but then he started like watching people die remotely basically and he got really sad about it. So he hired this guy uh and the two of them go around preventing murders and stuff like that.
Uh yeah, it's kind of a weird like techie shoulder Sherlock
Holmes
dystopian, if I like, if you like Black Mirror, you probably like this show.
this is
like
yeah, this is not quite as uh dystopian as Black Mirror, but um, and it's more like adventurous I guess, but I think you'd be up your alley.
Um And another one is occupied or occupant. That's a pretty solid drama, It's not too long. Um
think of film Norway, it's about a Russian occupation of Norway.
Yeah, that one's interesting.
it's
normal,
is it? Norwegian and American is in Norwegian and Russian and English, depending on who talking if it's Norwegian talking for Russian, they're probably talking in english. Mm
yeah.
Um so yeah, it's uh it's, it's interesting because you don't see a lot of, at least from american productions, there's like a lot of dramas that are like involved quite a bit of violence and this one does really have much overt violence, so when it happens it's like very impactful um person of interest is kind of comical, like there's like a lot of shooting uh uh yeah, I don't know how the show would work though otherwise because it's sort of like a weird cross between like a western and a yeah crime thriller. Um What what up?
Yeah, so um what else do you do for fun besides movies, do you?
yeah, you know it's a good time to to not do a whole lot to be honest.
Um I uh I don't know, it's kind of interesting at first, I was like pretty bummed about the whole pandemic thing and I'm lucky that it does like I can still work um uh
but now it's just kind
of
like
Hit 25 minutes,
okay. Uh Yeah, I was gonna good um I was just gonna say like at first it was like it felt like it was taking forever and then uh now it's like I've settled into a routine and I feel like I could do this routine for another year. No problem.
Yeah, I don't, I think like pretty much anyone who's able to work from home and doesn't have to take care of kids is probably not too happy to go back into the office. I know um commuting here is like crazy, I was just gonna run just a couple minutes over just in case uh for the chat. Um But commuting here is like I used to wake up at 5 30 get on the bus at 6 15, get to work at 7 50 Get on the bus again at 5:30, Get home at 7:30. Uh huh. And like try to cook dinner and eat and then sleep and then just do it all over again and if there was like a ball game That I wasn't getting home until like 8:30 or nine um There were days where it was faster to walk home than it was to take the bus. Uh not that I would want to walk 15 miles but. Uh huh. So yeah. Okay, I think it has been a solid 25 minutes. Um Just want to make sure we I don't remember, do you remember what time you joined?
Yeah, it's ah on my clock it's two minutes past so maybe run it like one or 2 more minutes just in case. Mhm. Because I didn't I wasn't keeping track of when you joined and I joined like three minutes early so um
Chocolate maybe yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Maybe I can find it. Yeah the he the disabled person is uh
allergic to chocolate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah man. No. Yeah actually not getting a lot of
Uh huh.
Uh Yes yeah
yeah I wish I could remember the new
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah
yeah Intouchables comes up a lot. Uh Hi mm You probably would like probably honestly if you go and like Reddit or something you
find
yeah you find some subreddit for french films and you ask there somebody will know um I don't know the name. It's a really touching film though. It's like um you ever seen that short film the three D. Animated short film with the kiwi
bird?
if you go to Youtube and you just search for kiwi it should be one of the top results. Uh huh. It has a similar vibe to that short film. Uh Okay. Yeah I think we have totally, Yeah it's the third hit on YouTube. three d. animated Kiwi master's thesis. 44 million views about three minutes long. Um Kiwi with an exclamation mark apparently at all. Uh Yeah similar vibe to that short film is the best way I can describe it. I think it's totally totally worth if you can find it totally worth watching really like for some reason like american films are just not very good. I think at exploring relationships that are not like pretty, there's like a very like set typecast relationships in american films, just none of them. I think of the regulation ships in this film fit and anything I've seen before. Um anyways I think we definitely hit 25 minutes um chat and I hope you have a good weekend,