SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Let me start the timer make sure we hit 25 minutes school. So what's up?
SPEAKER_R: Just, I don't know, hanging out. We live that life. Yeah. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: same off work today for veterans day so I had time to do this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice. Yeah, I'm a student. So, um I am not in, most of my stuff is remote now, so I have more time to do stuff like this, which is nice.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you? A student?
SPEAKER_R: Um in the midwest, I'm a grad student.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool. Mhm. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you do for work.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a civil engineer. Yeah designed drainage system, stuff like that um graduated a few years ago. Some still kind of entry level but working on it.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. I feel like that's a job that I definitely couldn't do. It needs done and yeah, you probably get compensated pretty decently for it.
SPEAKER_L: Well I work for the government so now.
SPEAKER_R: Well, never mind.
SPEAKER_L: No not even close but it's it's laid back um their benefits to it like today off private industry wouldn't have that. Um Plus with all the covid stuff going on it's been a lot more stable than private industry.
SPEAKER_R: So you have to go into work every day like normal pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: we were for a little while but they moved us to a reduced schedule. Um so we are going in half the week. Um and it's 50% capacity and everything. Your office mate isn't coming in the day, you are and everything.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. Yeah. It's, it's weird like everything is so weird. My, it's not really half capacity. I don't really know what my job is like. I have a job as being part of being a student, you know, that helps me pay for school. And yeah, it's like sometimes I'm in there and I'm the only one that's there and the lights shut off on me. Why am I not during the
SPEAKER_L: I know what you mean. It's, and even on the days I'm home, I'm like, I could be doing this from home full time, like this doesn't really slowed me down. I think a lot of companies are going to see that a lot of people can work remotely, they don't have to be at the office every day to still hit their productivity goals or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. And I feel like I've seen some news granted, maybe not verified it, but I've seen news about certain companies um like either choosing to take a really long
SPEAKER_L: She,
SPEAKER_R: time to go back or choosing to change um scheduling in general and have more b um Yeah, remote.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think a lot of companies are gonna move towards that cut down on like operating costs and everything just in the future.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I mean I can think of like maybe one or two jobs which were very entry level, like fast food or um like retail
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that I needed to be in the place that I was at to do them. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you studying? I don't, I don't remember if I asked already.
SPEAKER_R: No, you didn't. I am studying my PhD in school Psychology. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: above anything I could do.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. No, it sounds like complicated but really like it's kind of just, I mean there are things that are difficult but it's kind of hanging out with kids this year um is like my clinic, one of the years of my clinic experience, so I um I'm learning how to give therapy. Yeah, for like birth to 21 is technically like our skill set. Um So yeah, that's, it's, I don't know, it's a huge learning curve and it's um it's really, it's a lot harder than you think to like listen to someone and say all the right things and be thinking about your facial expressions and your body language all the time and we're also having to learn it on zoom with Children. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that, that's tough,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. My, so I have one client for the moment and mine is old enough that they're able to be engaged over zoom. But some of some time for some of my other cohort members, their clients are a lot younger and it's just like it's tough. Like it's almost more of like parents in some cases because when they're so young a lot of times is like, even when parents don't realize that they somehow reinforced whatever they're in clinic, like they're coming to the clinic for whether they, like I said, what do they mean to or not? Usually something with parenting can also um I have some work done on it. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: I know it's not even close to comparable, but my brother is uh a middle school teacher and they are trying to move to like 100% remote right now because of outbreaks and everything. And he was like, there's no way I can engage 25 kids on a zoom call like while I'm trying to teach something, he's like, it's just not not working.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um so I have a unique perspective on this because my husband is in a teacher as well um for middle school and he, I guess it's kind of unique. I don't know, I just have like his and my perspective kind of combined because so he works at um like a behavioral school. So all of his students originally were at their home school and have some sort of behavioral special education label and so they're there because they were kicked out of the school, that there. Um Sorry, I think my dogs are about to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: bar, so I was like preparing for that.
SPEAKER_L: had to close my door because my dog will come in here and harass me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, my dogs will like slap me. I look at them,
SPEAKER_L: Same.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, chill professional. Um But yeah, so I'm like, so I have that perspective and like he did a little bit of online learning before, but it was kind of more asynchronous, where it was like, he sent out worksheets and things and he's never really had to do it like synchronous where those kids come in for 15 minutes and then they go somewhere else and um they haven't had any issues with oh, breaks at the school because it's rather small to student charter school. But um there are definitely, I feel like I I was listening to where I was reading a transcript from like a board of education meeting, um that recently happened for my city and there was an educator who was like, I've gotten covid, it was from school spread and you're saying it wasn't, you know, so it's like and they kind of like move the goalposts as far as when they would go remote. So I get the social and development aspects of being in a school, but if you can't keep staff safe, that it's like we can fix it, we can all fix
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: agree. Yeah. Um I think it's gonna be interesting to see in the next couple of years, once this group of kids who did completely online learning as they grow. Like are we going to see deficiencies later on? Are we going to see like how how did it change the way that they got like this foundation? Um I think it's going to be interesting to look at
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so too. I have um I have some people in my like within the university system, maybe I'm not directly like involved with it, but I know some of them are already starting to try to do like covid research for um Children and also adults like how they've managed. Um pretty much I think is limited to a school staff at the moment, but um seeing about, you know, their own social emotional needs and self care and things like that and how that changed. And so it's definitely going to be a good opportunity for research and um which unfortunate. Yeah. But I guess we're going to learn things from it. But I'm super curious about that because I think especially for like kindergarten, you know, first grade, second grade, I never really understood like how much of their day was literally just like learning to be a person pretty much and it really is like it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it's like the social interaction aspect of it, like how how to learn to interact with people, like it's it's a lot of human contact that goes into it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And the effort from teachers and anyone else who works with them, it's far more than I could ever do. I
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: can't, I can't imagine trying to do that on zoom. Really. Mm Because
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: that would just be a lot, especially so young and it's like it's hard enough to keep them involved as it is. But over zil I would not want that job.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why I became an engineer, I'm good with kids but not 25.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. At least with my stuff it's like the limit is like eight at this time and that's about the best I can. Water.
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: So what are your plans for the upcoming holidays?
SPEAKER_L: Um We so actually my wife and I just bought this house
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: that we're in
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and if I have kind of an echo, it's because this is just like our temporary workout room, like it's not furnished or anything yet. Um So we've been getting the house ready kind of for the holidays, we had a little friends giving this past weekend. Um So maybe for thanksgiving, have some family over after everything's like actually in its place. Um because I don't think, I don't think my parents have actually seen the house finished yet. My dad's kind of high risk for covid, so
SPEAKER_R: Bus.
SPEAKER_L: we didn't want to like just bring him over here and start bouncing around everywhere. But um we yeah, we'd like to have our families over for thanksgiving so they can see the house finally done.
SPEAKER_R: That will be really fun. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: what about you?
SPEAKER_R: I am headed so like I said I'm in the midwest and so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she is not happy
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: kind of dog is it?
SPEAKER_R: Uh We have two blue heelers and yeah so the younger
SPEAKER_L: peter?
SPEAKER_R: one is the one barking at me but they felt like the take turns parking via zoom. I swear like no right now. Yeah. Well oh my gosh well you can see me and I think that's that's part of it is she's just staring at me. Um She'll settle. So yeah, traveling all of my family lives in the south now. My sister's going there for grad school as well. Um Yeah and okay I'm gonna, I can
SPEAKER_L: it's it's
SPEAKER_R: plug
SPEAKER_L: totally
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah, she's gonna apparently I don't, she's very cute but she is so needy. So um yeah, congratulations on the house. Also first of all
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: um are you guys recently married then?
SPEAKER_L: We got married actually right before all the covid stuff started, we got married at the end of december. And my wife's family is from out of the country. Her mom is Colombian and her dad is believed in. So we had all kind of international travel that would have gotten just totally screwed up if we wouldn't have done it right before covid. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we hit like the nail on the head with like getting everything lined up, but if we were a couple months too late, it could have been bad because we were engaged for two years and it took a lot of planning to get all these international travelers to the south. We live in the south to, but getting them to fly in here and get hotel reservations and everything. I mean it was, it was going to be a mess.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's exciting that you got married but and you are so lucky that you got to um skip this stuff because I've known a couple of people that I was in a wedding recently, so it was a Halloween wedding and they had to change it to like an outdoor venue and you know, they had all these changes, but in a lot of people didn't end up showing
SPEAKER_L: proof.
SPEAKER_R: up, they had to cancel things, so especially with the international travel like you really lucked out that you had. So for your for your wedding then I'm sure it was like still pretty nice out and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Being in the south, it was a winter wedding quote, but it was like 75° and like it was nice that day. Uh so it went well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um My hope is to eventually be in the cell for that exact reason. Like I'm being in the midwest like it was supposed to snow yesterday
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: uh didn't,
SPEAKER_L: can't do that.
SPEAKER_R: but I'm just like I'm very, I'm very tired of it, I've lived in the same place my whole life and the school here is like pretty good, so and my husband's job is pretty good, so we decided to stay for the 5 to 7 years depending on, you know if I can get an internship or not, but my husband is from the south and so eventually um we want to move to texas. Um Yeah, so it's funny because none of my family's from texas or anything but that's where they're all at now and we were the ones that were first planning to leave go to texas and now they're all there
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: and we're not
SPEAKER_L: beat you there another waiting on you like hey, like come on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah they were pretty hopeful for graduate school but yeah unfortunately it was just I mean I guess unfortunately it worked out but um I really wanted to go to a texas school for graduate school but I'm hoping I have a couple of years left and then I can start applying for internships so I'm hoping for that I can to texas. Oh it's kind of snowing out.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: No it's just melting off the trees. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can't handle the cold. Like you said, I grew up in the south and I've always been here. I cannot handle the cold. Um Actually,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a week after we got married, one of my best friends got married in ST louis and he was like uh he's like there's going to be like travel set up for you guys in case you don't want to drive in the snow or anything, like in case there's ice or something. And I'm glad I flew up there and took Ubers everywhere because it iced over. I was like, I don't know how to drive in this. I was like, I was like, you guys can function when the roads are iced. He's like, yeah, they just they just keep going. No, not me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I absolutely like I'm kind of grateful in some ways that things are like low capacity or don't have to go in because then I don't have to drive in the cold that often. But yeah, I hate winter driving. I'm done with it. And I there are some cool places in the north, like farther north from us. Like we really like um some places in the Northeast and then like michigan in Minnesota are really pretty too. But I'm
SPEAKER_L: Name.
SPEAKER_R: like, they function with like multiple feet of snow on the ground. Like, like we're going to school, it's fine. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: They're out of their minds I guess. They think the same things about us down here with hurricanes were like, it's just like a category of water category to like, we can still like, we're gonna have a party, don't worry. But
SPEAKER_R: you guys in the south, It's just like, oh we're just gonna, you know, this is fun. I'm going to grill some burgers.
SPEAKER_L: it's like we might be out of lights for like three or four days, but like it's okay, don't worry about it.
SPEAKER_R: So have you actually experienced hurricane?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I grew up with them like every year. So it's, I mean we kind of got lucky where I am this year. A lot of them missed like direct hits. Um But we we did get
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: of bad ones, uh no actual damage or anything to our house or our area, but uh we were out of power for a few days this year.
SPEAKER_R: Dean. That really like, I don't know. I bet hurricanes especially just really scared me because I'm like, where did you go?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's a lot of like two or three days in advance like okay like let's drive to texas or like lets you gotta drive like a couple 100 miles away to get out of the path. But I don't know, hurricane scare me less than tornadoes, at least hurricanes. We have an idea of when they're coming tornadoes, it's like, yep. Here it is like too bad. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So being in the dress like I'm I've never really been in the tornado but those two, it's like no thank you. But I feel like towards hurricanes or like bigger, I don't know. I guess I've never really been them either, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's actually my first year in college, uh we were living in the dorms and they had some guys from I think California's West Coast somewhere and there was a hurricane coming and it was like a week one so the school didn't like totally shut down or anything or make us evacuate. But these guys from the west Coast had never seen one, so they set up in like the second floor of the dorm in the little like study room and opened all the blinds and we're like waiting overnight to see like this hurricane come. And we're like,
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: we walked in every like guys, you know, it's just gonna be like rain and wind, right? Like you're not gonna see something like come come out of the darkness at you. They're like, they're like, dude, I never thought of that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think obviously like I probably would react the same like if it was the week one, I would like go
SPEAKER_L: three.
SPEAKER_R: try and see it and probably be disappointed by it.
SPEAKER_L: they were disappointed. They stayed up all night with like snacks and everything were like, it's gonna be
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like a big thunderstorm that last a couple of days. Like you're not going to see something.
SPEAKER_R: That's hilarious. I do love like rain and thunderstorms so I would probably like a like not stressful person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's always fun until you lose power. And then you're like, well this kind of sucks now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I we occasionally we do lose power but it's usually just like a regular thunderstorm we've had a couple with this year like for us and it's mostly been thunderstorms so far for the year. Like so we have a fenced in backyard and we have a decent size yard for the dogs. And um I went outside and like our neighbor's tree was like had fallen onto water fence, so I was like well I guess we don't fit anymore. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That's always the worst thing is we have a lot of pine trees in our backyard. So we're like the whole time the storms come through were like looking outside like, please don't break, please don't break. It's it's a mess. Worst
SPEAKER_R: We are.
SPEAKER_L: thing is probably the cold showers after a storm, no electricity. So you're taking cold showers. We went through Katrina and had were out of power for two weeks. So two weeks of like cold showers, candlelight, like living in the 1800s. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like, so like what do you do like for me, I'm thinking like how do I get my homework done then, what
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you do?
SPEAKER_L: A lot of it gets pushed back. Like our schools have built in days for like severe weather days or something. So they'll cancel school for that week and then they'll take a like a week off here. There make them stay 30 minutes extra for like this month, like every day. Uh They find ways to build it in because they expect those things, it's like a way of life. Like everyone, everyone is just used to it.
SPEAKER_R: so like how many days do you think they would build up or like would they have?
SPEAKER_L: Um My brother told me this, I think they have like five or six built in days a year for uh and it's only in the fall because hurricane season is only in the fall um and they'll they'll just build those days in like they might take a day off of christmas break or a day off of Mardi gras or something um really giving away my location now, but whatever,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: who cares?
SPEAKER_R: okay. Uh Yeah well I'll give away my location. I'm in Nebraska, so we have snow days built in. Um but we only have like three, so I was just curious and it's kind of it's interesting because we don't it's not like a bank or anything, so it's just like if you use them you use them and if you don't you don't and then resets next year and then they start um building up up. But then so my university sometimes goes with whatever the kids do, like whatever the large public school system says or it um just said you still got to go to class like. Yeah. Honestly I don't mind when we don't use the snow days because that means so whether it's horrible.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. I totally get it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No it is not fun.
SPEAKER_L: Not at all.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But hopefully, I mean at least I got to be at home for most of it. That's kind of like my only plus about this year is that if it is bad, like my boss yesterday, she was like if you want to work from home since it might snow it's fine. Like she's way more about that and then it didn't snow and yeah it was great. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, I don't know what else, what else is there
SPEAKER_L: Hobbies.
SPEAKER_R: hobbies? Okay. I like to, we like weight training and I like hanging out with my dogs. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Um I have
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was gonna say,
SPEAKER_L: bike. Um we live next to like a like a paved nature trail kind of thing that's like 30 or 40 miles long, so we actually just moved from a bigger city out here to the suburbs. Um for the dog and for like work and everything. Um And the nature traces actually like a big part of it. I was like, I can ride my bike for like hours now. So I like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: are,
SPEAKER_L: out like I ran in high school and then hurt my knee in college. So it's, yeah, I used to have fun doing that, but now it's just like trying to find ways to stay active.
SPEAKER_R: okay, nice. Yeah, I get that. Like I I like being outside and it would be so much nicer to have like a pretty place to be once. Um we're in a location where more of the weather is like nice. Like my sister lives in texas like I said, and they have so many more parts because she lives in Austin, so it's like just more progressive in general and there's like a lot of parks and everything and yeah, we just we don't have that same thing here because, you know, the weather is nice for them, so much more time of the year. So
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: one day, that's my goal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I see. I mean we hit 25 If if you're good with it, but uh yeah. Um Well, it's really nice to meet you. My name is Phil.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks to you, Phil I'm Rebecca,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it was really nice talking to you and I guess we're going to see what the studies about. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right, we'll take care.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Bye.