Yeah. All right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
I'm good. How about you?
Let me start the timer make sure we hit 25 minutes school. So what's up?
same off work today for veterans day so I had time to do this.
Where are you? A student?
Okay. Cool. Mhm. Yeah
I'm a civil engineer. Yeah designed drainage system, stuff like that um graduated a few years ago. Some still kind of entry level but working on it.
Well I work for the government so now.
No not even close but it's it's laid back um their benefits to it like today off private industry wouldn't have that. Um Plus with all the covid stuff going on it's been a lot more stable than private industry.
we were for a little while but they moved us to a reduced schedule. Um so we are going in half the week. Um and it's 50% capacity and everything. Your office mate isn't coming in the day, you are and everything.
I know what you mean. It's, and even on the days I'm home, I'm like, I could be doing this from home full time, like this doesn't really slowed me down. I think a lot of companies are going to see that a lot of people can work remotely, they don't have to be at the office every day to still hit their productivity goals or something like that.
She,
Yeah, I think a lot of companies are gonna move towards that cut down on like operating costs and everything just in the future.
No.
So what are you studying? I don't, I don't remember if I asked already.
above anything I could do.
that, that's tough,
I know it's not even close to comparable, but my brother is uh a middle school teacher and they are trying to move to like 100% remote right now because of outbreaks and everything. And he was like, there's no way I can engage 25 kids on a zoom call like while I'm trying to teach something, he's like, it's just not not working.
I
had to close my door because my dog will come in here and harass me.
Same.
I
agree. Yeah. Um I think it's gonna be interesting to see in the next couple of years, once this group of kids who did completely online learning as they grow. Like are we going to see deficiencies later on? Are we going to see like how how did it change the way that they got like this foundation? Um I think it's going to be interesting to look at
it's like the social interaction aspect of it, like how how to learn to interact with people, like it's it's a lot of human contact that goes into it. Yeah.
I agree.
Right.
Yeah, that's why I became an engineer, I'm good with kids but not 25.
same.
Um We so actually my wife and I just bought this house
that we're in
and if I have kind of an echo, it's because this is just like our temporary workout room, like it's not furnished or anything yet. Um So we've been getting the house ready kind of for the holidays, we had a little friends giving this past weekend. Um So maybe for thanksgiving, have some family over after everything's like actually in its place. Um because I don't think, I don't think my parents have actually seen the house finished yet. My dad's kind of high risk for covid, so
we didn't want to like just bring him over here and start bouncing around everywhere. But um we yeah, we'd like to have our families over for thanksgiving so they can see the house finally done.
what about you?
It's fine.
What
kind of dog is it?
peter?
it's it's
totally
fine.
Thank you.
We got married actually right before all the covid stuff started, we got married at the end of december. And my wife's family is from out of the country. Her mom is Colombian and her dad is believed in. So we had all kind of international travel that would have gotten just totally screwed up if we wouldn't have done it right before covid. Um So
we hit like the nail on the head with like getting everything lined up, but if we were a couple months too late, it could have been bad because we were engaged for two years and it took a lot of planning to get all these international travelers to the south. We live in the south to, but getting them to fly in here and get hotel reservations and everything. I mean it was, it was going to be a mess.
proof.
Yeah. Being in the south, it was a winter wedding quote, but it was like 75° and like it was nice that day. Uh so it went well.
I
can't do that.
They
beat you there another waiting on you like hey, like come on.
No.
I can't handle the cold. Like you said, I grew up in the south and I've always been here. I cannot handle the cold. Um Actually,
a week after we got married, one of my best friends got married in ST louis and he was like uh he's like there's going to be like travel set up for you guys in case you don't want to drive in the snow or anything, like in case there's ice or something. And I'm glad I flew up there and took Ubers everywhere because it iced over. I was like, I don't know how to drive in this. I was like, I was like, you guys can function when the roads are iced. He's like, yeah, they just they just keep going. No, not me.
Name.
They're out of their minds I guess. They think the same things about us down here with hurricanes were like, it's just like a category of water category to like, we can still like, we're gonna have a party, don't worry. But
it's like we might be out of lights for like three or four days, but like it's okay, don't worry about it.
Yeah, I grew up with them like every year. So it's, I mean we kind of got lucky where I am this year. A lot of them missed like direct hits. Um But we we did get
of bad ones, uh no actual damage or anything to our house or our area, but uh we were out of power for a few days this year.
Yeah, it's it's a lot of like two or three days in advance like okay like let's drive to texas or like lets you gotta drive like a couple 100 miles away to get out of the path. But I don't know, hurricane scare me less than tornadoes, at least hurricanes. We have an idea of when they're coming tornadoes, it's like, yep. Here it is like too bad. Yes.
it's actually my first year in college, uh we were living in the dorms and they had some guys from I think California's West Coast somewhere and there was a hurricane coming and it was like a week one so the school didn't like totally shut down or anything or make us evacuate. But these guys from the west Coast had never seen one, so they set up in like the second floor of the dorm in the little like study room and opened all the blinds and we're like waiting overnight to see like this hurricane come. And we're like,
we walked in every like guys, you know, it's just gonna be like rain and wind, right? Like you're not gonna see something like come come out of the darkness at you. They're like, they're like, dude, I never thought of that
three.
they were disappointed. They stayed up all night with like snacks and everything were like, it's gonna be
like a big thunderstorm that last a couple of days. Like you're not going to see something.
Yeah. Yeah. It's always fun until you lose power. And then you're like, well this kind of sucks now.
That's always the worst thing is we have a lot of pine trees in our backyard. So we're like the whole time the storms come through were like looking outside like, please don't break, please don't break. It's it's a mess. Worst
thing is probably the cold showers after a storm, no electricity. So you're taking cold showers. We went through Katrina and had were out of power for two weeks. So two weeks of like cold showers, candlelight, like living in the 1800s. Yeah.
It's
A lot of it gets pushed back. Like our schools have built in days for like severe weather days or something. So they'll cancel school for that week and then they'll take a like a week off here. There make them stay 30 minutes extra for like this month, like every day. Uh They find ways to build it in because they expect those things, it's like a way of life. Like everyone, everyone is just used to it.
Um My brother told me this, I think they have like five or six built in days a year for uh and it's only in the fall because hurricane season is only in the fall um and they'll they'll just build those days in like they might take a day off of christmas break or a day off of Mardi gras or something um really giving away my location now, but whatever,
who cares?
Right, right. I totally get it. Yeah.
Not at all.
Yeah.
Hobbies.
Um I have
bike. Um we live next to like a like a paved nature trail kind of thing that's like 30 or 40 miles long, so we actually just moved from a bigger city out here to the suburbs. Um for the dog and for like work and everything. Um And the nature traces actually like a big part of it. I was like, I can ride my bike for like hours now. So I like
working
out like I ran in high school and then hurt my knee in college. So it's, yeah, I used to have fun doing that, but now it's just like trying to find ways to stay active.
With
Yeah, I see. I mean we hit 25 If if you're good with it, but uh yeah. Um Well, it's really nice to meet you. My name is Phil.
Okay. So it was really nice talking to you and I guess we're going to see what the studies about. So
You too. Bye.