how are you?
Good.
Just, I don't know, hanging out. We live that life. Yeah. How about you?
Yeah. Nice. Yeah, I'm a student. So, um I am not in, most of my stuff is remote now, so I have more time to do stuff like this, which is nice.
Um in the midwest, I'm a grad student.
Yeah. Well you do for work.
That's awesome. I feel like that's a job that I definitely couldn't do. It needs done and yeah, you probably get compensated pretty decently for it.
Well, never mind.
So you have to go into work every day like normal pretty much.
that's nice. Yeah. It's, it's weird like everything is so weird. My, it's not really half capacity. I don't really know what my job is like. I have a job as being part of being a student, you know, that helps me pay for school. And yeah, it's like sometimes I'm in there and I'm the only one that's there and the lights shut off on me. Why am I not during the
Yeah, I agree. And I feel like I've seen some news granted, maybe not verified it, but I've seen news about certain companies um like either choosing to take a really long
time to go back or choosing to change um scheduling in general and have more b um Yeah, remote.
Right. Yeah. I mean I can think of like maybe one or two jobs which were very entry level, like fast food or um like retail
that I needed to be in the place that I was at to do them. Okay.
No, you didn't. I am studying my PhD in school Psychology. Yeah.
Oh my gosh. No, it sounds like complicated but really like it's kind of just, I mean there are things that are difficult but it's kind of hanging out with kids this year um is like my clinic, one of the years of my clinic experience, so I um I'm learning how to give therapy. Yeah, for like birth to 21 is technically like our skill set. Um So yeah, that's, it's, I don't know, it's a huge learning curve and it's um it's really, it's a lot harder than you think to like listen to someone and say all the right things and be thinking about your facial expressions and your body language all the time and we're also having to learn it on zoom with Children. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. My, so I have one client for the moment and mine is old enough that they're able to be engaged over zoom. But some of some time for some of my other cohort members, their clients are a lot younger and it's just like it's tough. Like it's almost more of like parents in some cases because when they're so young a lot of times is like, even when parents don't realize that they somehow reinforced whatever they're in clinic, like they're coming to the clinic for whether they, like I said, what do they mean to or not? Usually something with parenting can also um I have some work done on it. Oh,
Yeah. Um so I have a unique perspective on this because my husband is in a teacher as well um for middle school and he, I guess it's kind of unique. I don't know, I just have like his and my perspective kind of combined because so he works at um like a behavioral school. So all of his students originally were at their home school and have some sort of behavioral special education label and so they're there because they were kicked out of the school, that there. Um Sorry, I think my dogs are about to
bar, so I was like preparing for that.
Yeah, yeah, my dogs will like slap me. I look at them,
I was like, chill professional. Um But yeah, so I'm like, so I have that perspective and like he did a little bit of online learning before, but it was kind of more asynchronous, where it was like, he sent out worksheets and things and he's never really had to do it like synchronous where those kids come in for 15 minutes and then they go somewhere else and um they haven't had any issues with oh, breaks at the school because it's rather small to student charter school. But um there are definitely, I feel like I I was listening to where I was reading a transcript from like a board of education meeting, um that recently happened for my city and there was an educator who was like, I've gotten covid, it was from school spread and you're saying it wasn't, you know, so it's like and they kind of like move the goalposts as far as when they would go remote. So I get the social and development aspects of being in a school, but if you can't keep staff safe, that it's like we can fix it, we can all fix
it.
Yeah, I think so too. I have um I have some people in my like within the university system, maybe I'm not directly like involved with it, but I know some of them are already starting to try to do like covid research for um Children and also adults like how they've managed. Um pretty much I think is limited to a school staff at the moment, but um seeing about, you know, their own social emotional needs and self care and things like that and how that changed. And so it's definitely going to be a good opportunity for research and um which unfortunate. Yeah. But I guess we're going to learn things from it. But I'm super curious about that because I think especially for like kindergarten, you know, first grade, second grade, I never really understood like how much of their day was literally just like learning to be a person pretty much and it really is like it's crazy.
And the effort from teachers and anyone else who works with them, it's far more than I could ever do. I
can't, I can't imagine trying to do that on zoom. Really. Mm Because
that would just be a lot, especially so young and it's like it's hard enough to keep them involved as it is. But over zil I would not want that job.
Yeah. Yeah. At least with my stuff it's like the limit is like eight at this time and that's about the best I can. Water.
So what are your plans for the upcoming holidays?
Thank
you.
Bus.
That will be really fun. Yeah
I am headed so like I said I'm in the midwest and so yeah.
Yeah she is not happy
but
Uh We have two blue heelers and yeah so the younger
one is the one barking at me but they felt like the take turns parking via zoom. I swear like no right now. Yeah. Well oh my gosh well you can see me and I think that's that's part of it is she's just staring at me. Um She'll settle. So yeah, traveling all of my family lives in the south now. My sister's going there for grad school as well. Um Yeah and okay I'm gonna, I can
plug
it
but yeah, she's gonna apparently I don't, she's very cute but she is so needy. So um yeah, congratulations on the house. Also first of all
um are you guys recently married then?
Yeah.
Well it's exciting that you got married but and you are so lucky that you got to um skip this stuff because I've known a couple of people that I was in a wedding recently, so it was a Halloween wedding and they had to change it to like an outdoor venue and you know, they had all these changes, but in a lot of people didn't end up showing
up, they had to cancel things, so especially with the international travel like you really lucked out that you had. So for your for your wedding then I'm sure it was like still pretty nice out and everything.
Yeah. Um My hope is to eventually be in the cell for that exact reason. Like I'm being in the midwest like it was supposed to snow yesterday
uh didn't,
but I'm just like I'm very, I'm very tired of it, I've lived in the same place my whole life and the school here is like pretty good, so and my husband's job is pretty good, so we decided to stay for the 5 to 7 years depending on, you know if I can get an internship or not, but my husband is from the south and so eventually um we want to move to texas. Um Yeah, so it's funny because none of my family's from texas or anything but that's where they're all at now and we were the ones that were first planning to leave go to texas and now they're all there
and we're not
yeah they were pretty hopeful for graduate school but yeah unfortunately it was just I mean I guess unfortunately it worked out but um I really wanted to go to a texas school for graduate school but I'm hoping I have a couple of years left and then I can start applying for internships so I'm hoping for that I can to texas. Oh it's kind of snowing out.
No it's just melting off the trees. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah I absolutely like I'm kind of grateful in some ways that things are like low capacity or don't have to go in because then I don't have to drive in the cold that often. But yeah, I hate winter driving. I'm done with it. And I there are some cool places in the north, like farther north from us. Like we really like um some places in the Northeast and then like michigan in Minnesota are really pretty too. But I'm
like, they function with like multiple feet of snow on the ground. Like, like we're going to school, it's fine. I don't know.
you guys in the south, It's just like, oh we're just gonna, you know, this is fun. I'm going to grill some burgers.
So have you actually experienced hurricane?
All right,
Dean. That really like, I don't know. I bet hurricanes especially just really scared me because I'm like, where did you go?
So being in the dress like I'm I've never really been in the tornado but those two, it's like no thank you. But I feel like towards hurricanes or like bigger, I don't know. I guess I've never really been them either, so I don't know.
my gosh.
Yeah. I think obviously like I probably would react the same like if it was the week one, I would like go
try and see it and probably be disappointed by it.
What?
That's hilarious. I do love like rain and thunderstorms so I would probably like a like not stressful person.
Yeah. Yeah. I we occasionally we do lose power but it's usually just like a regular thunderstorm we've had a couple with this year like for us and it's mostly been thunderstorms so far for the year. Like so we have a fenced in backyard and we have a decent size yard for the dogs. And um I went outside and like our neighbor's tree was like had fallen onto water fence, so I was like well I guess we don't fit anymore. Mhm.
We are.
I like, so like what do you do like for me, I'm thinking like how do I get my homework done then, what
you do?
so like how many days do you think they would build up or like would they have?
it's
okay. Uh Yeah well I'll give away my location. I'm in Nebraska, so we have snow days built in. Um but we only have like three, so I was just curious and it's kind of it's interesting because we don't it's not like a bank or anything, so it's just like if you use them you use them and if you don't you don't and then resets next year and then they start um building up up. But then so my university sometimes goes with whatever the kids do, like whatever the large public school system says or it um just said you still got to go to class like. Yeah. Honestly I don't mind when we don't use the snow days because that means so whether it's horrible.
No it is not fun.
Okay. But hopefully, I mean at least I got to be at home for most of it. That's kind of like my only plus about this year is that if it is bad, like my boss yesterday, she was like if you want to work from home since it might snow it's fine. Like she's way more about that and then it didn't snow and yeah it was great. Okay.
So yeah, I don't know what else, what else is there
hobbies? Okay. I like to, we like weight training and I like hanging out with my dogs. Well,
yeah, I was gonna say,
you
are,
okay, nice. Yeah, I get that. Like I I like being outside and it would be so much nicer to have like a pretty place to be once. Um we're in a location where more of the weather is like nice. Like my sister lives in texas like I said, and they have so many more parts because she lives in Austin, so it's like just more progressive in general and there's like a lot of parks and everything and yeah, we just we don't have that same thing here because, you know, the weather is nice for them, so much more time of the year. So
one day, that's my goal.
Thanks to you, Phil I'm Rebecca,
Yeah. All right, we'll take care.