mm wow. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. But yeah. Mhm. What? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wow. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. I think I'm waiting for 10:30. Waiting for another person to chat with. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah. Mhm. You another 30 seconds? Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 10:30 It's touch chatting lady. Uh huh. Is there anybody there? Hello? Hello. Hello yep. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Did they have? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Um I do not have a partner, I don't know what's going to happen now you know really? She did it let me read uh conversation partner. Should join you soon. Okay once you open the check when the time I appear here on the subway page. Where? Yeah. Okay
so I'm still waiting. Hello? Uh huh.
Good. Where are you located?
lived
uh through to you know where there is a close to Grand Junction.
What is
it?
Oh yeah my daughter used to live in springs. Yeah.
But but in the year yeah. But yeah we're in Hawaii now.
lot warmer
push your
okay my husband's from ST paul. Just as cold as it get.
yeah. I drove through Wisconsin ones.
It's
pretty.
No.
Yeah. True.
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know much about
Wisconsin for like you know big cheeseheads. Those packers fans. Yeah.
So well I we lived in Arizona for the longest time so like 30 years. So we have a cognos fans. But my husband likes the Vikings. Yeah.
So.
What about baseball? Your Covey's or white socks?
Yeah. I am a d backs you know Arizona. Yeah. Yeah.
They plague comes a lot of good teams. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We lived in phoenix area.
It's it's different you know, definitely. Yeah.
because yeah because wintertime is probably like springtime for you. Yeah. Are
you gonna
drive?
Yeah, if it's not bad you can probably take wreck frontier something. Yeah.
What's wrong?
And it's
boring
dry.
I
know.
because
we drove from like grand junction to phoenix And that like 10 hours but it's a really nice drive. It's beautiful because you drive through you know the Colorado then you to like and then into Arizona going through like uh the indian reservation almost like so it's a really pretty dry. So yeah, that was a drive I wouldn't mind. But yeah, but driving the midwest it's so boring. It's
like
you go to like a cancel and you know like alcohol at Yeah,
not much
this thing.
That makes difference. Yeah.
Yeah, as long as you're not calling like rain or the, you know, thunder.
We, I know it's not fun. We one time we were driving from uh huh Big
Minneapolis to west Virginia and we got caught in the rain. They could dig really heavy downpour and that was no fun and you know then there's no good place to stop.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we we traveled with a dog a lot too. Yeah,
we have a yeah, we have a little dog, he is 10 years old but he's a duck hunt and the miniature Pincher Max.
He's a good traveler though, he just usually just sits up my foot on the lap and just sleeps. Yeah,
evenly.
dear.
He's too
big.
It's
right. Yeah, I mean they're nice dogs so they're so smart.
Well it gets better though because they act like puppies until they're like two years old then after that they kind of settled down.
No
that's not true. We have like a black actually not me, but my daughter had a black german shepherd and she was just so calm.
She was like the best dog. Yeah.
Well that's good. That's why they use it for like, you know, service dogs and uh you know canine unit, you know,
because they're
so intelligent and so obedient.
So.
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, big dog stuff. Yeah. They're living here in Hawaii, you know, you don't want to have big dog because it's so small,
you
know? Yeah. Well we're like writing Waikiki so and the content. But I really small.
Oh, my husband's job. Yeah. But we lived here before and I always kind of wanted to come back so.
Yeah. We like
it here though. Yeah.
from colorado I don't think it's really bad at their wise, you know? Yeah. It's pretty reasonable. Yeah. What we did was we took like frontier to L. A. And then took a Hawaiian airline from L. A. Because from L. A. To Honolulu is really cheap and from this region. So I put books like two separate tickets and that you're cheaper. Yeah. And
I was really good. Yeah. You should definitely do it.
Yeah. Yeah. Especially
from the cold weather.
In
the head.
Yeah. Well yeah. What's it like 70 This morning but it was really windy. So my granddaughter was discovered she was like it's so cool with like girl this is not
cold, don't you? Anybody. Yeah.
You
know because
before we moved to Hawaii you go in Nashville for about four years and it doesn't like super cold but still we get snow so you know it's
it's still have some cold weather. Well yeah.
definitely.
Yeah. That's cool. Huh? Do you ski or snowboard?
Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. My youngest, uh he's in the army and he was stationed in Japan but he was reckoned the northern part with really cold part. That's where he learned to snowboard. Now he lives in northern California. So you know he can go up to snowboard. He says it's really fun. Yeah.
Just
like we can go to the ski resort and just rent it and
they take
music lessons and you know, see how you like it because I mean you're so close to all these great ski
Something here like you know like a couple blocks from the beach and you know everybody's like oh you got to go surf, everybody here serves and the same thing you can go and just rent it, take quick lessons and you know see how you like it, but when you live here you can do it any time and you just kind of don't
when I was in the reason that there are people who they lived there for years and never been through a gun, Kanye people come from all over the world, God Greinke any why don't you go like oh you know you can go anytime and they never do
that's true when you have like out of town guests you get to do all these touristy things but when you live there you're right though it's you did any time and you just kind of you know because you kind of do you everyday thing and
give it to do it.
Yeah. I think the same same thing here too because you know that the Waikiki beach there's so many tourists so
we tend to like go out somewhere. There are so many people you know
kind of trying to find a little spot. Yeah.
Right. True. Yeah. Except when people visit then we go okay we can go hike the Diamond Head or whatever everybody wants to and it's still fun you know it's just there's always so many people here.
Yeah. Yeah and it's any time of the year you know that you're slow season still so many people you know but you know it's kind of fun because when you walk out here lets people walk
everywhere and there you know shops and beaches and everything that lots of people. So when you walk out the door you feel like you're on vacation with all these people so you know it's kind of fun you know and you feel like wow I get to live here when all these people they probably saved the all year to visit for a week and we get to do this today. So yeah it's kind of
that's one thing living in Hawaii even though we're so far away we have more people can visit us here. Then like four years
we lived in Nashville, nobody came in like it's
Nashville
and the cool guys but nobody would come right but as soon as you however we're gonna come visit and they actually do. Yeah
there
were
well.
I know but it's kind of you know because they're all colorado. There are lots of beautiful places you can visit and especially
in the summer. Oh my gosh, it's so nice.
Well
true.
Hot springs and you know there. Yeah. And I love the farmers market there. Like we lived
in uh, yeah, just close to right uh, what
you missed that?
that's what it was.
gosh,
that's funny. Yeah. Anyway. Oh anyway, so we're really did in colorado. I was really close to where they grow or direct melons and peaches and I think cora the peaches the best. I think they're better than like, you know when people take a Georgia peach mean as well, that's what we get. But I swear the colorado peaches are the best
I think. Yeah,
I never
can.
Well
in the summer months, yeah. I will check like farmers market. I think they call the palisade peaches and, and you know stay uh yeah, there's nothing like it. Yeah.
Yeah. You have to try it because it tastes nothing like when you get from store. Yeah. Yeah.
So
there's a nice things about colorado. The Grand Junction. One thing was they really didn't have any like good places to eat. Their like just handful places.
Everything else
was just a chain restaurants. Nothing but
changes.
No.
nothing, nothing else sent it. Right? Because they didn't have like all the same stuff like outback or you know, all of the gardens and because you know like come on, you can do better than this. Yeah. The only places that I found, you know that your mom and pop place actually served good food. But yeah, that was the one thing that we, yeah,
I noticed
in
the car.
Yeah.
They're here in Canada or they're awesome chinatown and that is, it's like one of my best, you know, favorite place to go for food, you know, it's just, yeah, they're not very expensive but they're like super authentic because you don't really see, you know, chinese people. So you know, it's good. Right. Yeah.
No. Yeah.
One
and
But everything was like sick, you know, and the reason you're only really good thing you can get is like mexican food because they're so close to the border. So you get lots of like little hole in the wall mom and pop place. That sounds really great. Mexican food for super cheap. Yeah. But you know, nationally was good though. That's a good food place, you know, itself. Yeah.
Two.
Yeah, three additions. Yeah, I thought so. Yeah. But how are you? It's awesome. Yeah. I love Yeah. But scott was good though. Chicago has good food, definitely.
Oh my God, that's a giordano's.
No
way,
Is it a
good try.
That's funny. You know, you can like have the Jordan, a fedex, their pizza. They have like, Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been discovered a few times and yeah, Giordano's pizza is like one of my favorite things. Yeah. I don't think anybody can copy it.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah,
I remember, I think like a chinese food in Chicago. It's so good.
Or like even like when you get a bread or something, you know from bakery. Oh my gosh. Yeah. So much better.
Yeah. Colorado's that's so bland. Huh?
And I like green chili. But don't you feel like they smother everything in green chili.
You go
put your
chase.
I know it's good. But yeah like everywhere you go I guess this mother their breakfast and green cherry there.
Oh there's some green chili. The hot dogs and green chilies. Okay. Don't get something that Okay.
Ooh.
exactly. Right. Yeah. Uh My oldest son, long time we used to work for red lobster and they said you know their food is like fast food. Mom says you know they you know they can and they say the same company as uh Olive Garden said they don't make anything in house, everything's just ship you
know that
Yeah he said you know it's everything is like pretty much like microwaved food. Yeah. Yeah it says yeah it's not you know people think it's great. I love their breadsticks and santa. Yeah. But yeah he said so he used the there
People.
Exactly how you just by your own, you know, I make it honestly. Yeah.
I mean the food is not that great. I don't know what people want for. Yeah.
You know, I think it's kind of like Mcdonald's, it's not great, but you always get what you expect.
They're consistent, you know? So when you're like on a road trip you got Mcdonald's because you know, they have clean bathrooms and food is always the same. You know,
it won't
be good rape, but you know, you just know what to expect, no surprise. And I think Starbucks kind of like people kind of, you know know what they like and no matter which Starbucks you go, you get the same thing.
All
money City left. Yeah. That's one thing about here like, you know, like a key there, like some big big change people's chance and California pizza kitchen and what was another the cheesecake factory, places like that, but most others are really local, you know, so it's kind of nice. There's a lot of black mom and pop places. Even a coffee shops would go to like local ones because they have so much better coffee and they're just as expensive about Starbucks but not anymore, you know? So yeah.
And
it
No,
no. Yeah. It's like I don't know. I think the american people are used to it, you know they are that's what they are used to and that's yeah. I don't know. I check to me it's like kind of like waste, you know why you spend so much money and go out and we eat the
same
thing. You know? Most of them are really nothing. I don't know. it's not experience, you know, I don't go out for just food, but I think for the experience and Yeah.
Thank
you.
What,
when you're traveling? I don't say that people, you know, traveling here, the cheesecake factory is always packed and I go, well, you know, they are really cool and unique restaurants here. There's lots of asian influence there. You know, they're like hot pot places or chinatown and dim sum and all these like stuff you can't get, you know where they come from. Why don't they want to try that? We're all the different seafood we have, you know, and why are you going to cheesecake factory and
in the past?
Well,
maybe some people that's comfort, you know? Yeah, I can understand what, you know, if you're here for like links the time and you know, once you know, you just want to kind of eat paying old cheeseburger, you know what I mean? Trying all these different foods and I kind of want my conflict food, but yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. I feel like they're wasting all their money and time, you know, vacationing and not really experiencing,
you know what local has to offer.
That's true. Yeah. Yeah, I guess each person is different, but yeah. Yeah.
true. So what what do you do? I mean you don't have to tell me exactly, but
Yeah. I used to um be a travel cancer of american express in phoenix And I was in a good cause and a 24/7 environment. So I kind of understand, you know, I did a culprit travel and platinum travel so. Yeah. Yeah, I understand
that. Yeah. I did it for like 15 years long time. But it was actually fun you know because you got some good parts you get to travel you know and things like that so. Yeah.
Yeah. That's nice. Yeah. Yeah, stuck at office 95. So
that's
definitely
why?
That's good. Well that was awesome talking to you.
Yeah. I hope you get the visit Hawaii one day. I think you love it here.
right. Have a nice day.