Mhm.
how are you?
um I'm in colorado then
there.
I don't,
I'm
not doubting the springs.
brulee.
Okay. I hear. That's beautiful. Mhm,
definitely.
I originally came from the midwest, so Colorado is definitely a lot warmer for me than where I was.
It definitely is. I was about an hour outside of Chicago and then I lived in Madison Wisconsin for a year, so definitely noticing snow, but I prefer to not have it
black.
Yeah. You know,
it's pretty, there's just not to do when you live there
unless you're like a college student. Mhm,
mm hmm,
wow.
What?
true. The lots of packers fans, lots of badger fans. They're very into their football. Mhm.
Yeah,
we are a big Chicago household bears fans, cubs fan. Yeah.
Your fans. Yeah.
Yeah.
it's very true. And I haven't been down to Arizona yet. I have a friend who lives down there, I'm supposed to go visit her I think in the next month or two she's in. Yeah.
Hey.
Yeah definitely said it's different. She said it's best to come when it would be winter time so it's not quite.
Yeah.
I
don't know if I can. I was thinking about flying down. Yeah.
I don't think it'll be like We drive a lot when we go places. Um since we're both originally from Illinois we drive home a lot which is a 16 hour drive
yep. And the last
time we
went
it's a very boring drive. We have to drive through Nebraska went through Iowa and there is literally nothing there.
We
try to do it at night so that it just goes quicker and there's not traffic like
that.
I don't
mind.
When
from
when we last time we went home to Illinois we ended up driving down to texas for a Halloween party and my friends and the drive backup texas that was really pretty. It was only I think like seven or 8 hour drive but there was actually to look at their was pretty mountains and there was you know different scenery so it wasn't just boring flat cornfields for
it really does it really
definitely not stuff Danny.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah that's so true. I don't have any really bad trips in any crazy weather yet which I'm super happy about because we're usually traveling with our dog and he's not Thankfully good so far. I'm going to end up starting out I think I leave the 18th to head home and meet him in Illinois and then we have to drive back here, so should be interesting. Hopefully it's another nice drive. Not too bad.
Um
Oh that's so cute. Yeah.
I
wish find a year and a half old german shepherd um
Yeah, so he's a big boy, he gets the whole backseat to himself and then there are times where he just will be good for a little while and then he just kind of gets anxious and he's like mom, I want to sit in your and like I'm driving, you cannot sit on me right now, but he
was
like the tiniest
little thing and can do what he wants,
he's amazingly smart, it's unreal. Sometimes he's just so that stage where he's like I'm a baby, it's everything's fine, I can do what I want. Yeah,
I hope. No, I've met a few people who have german shepherds and they're like oh it just never ends, they're just puppies forever and I'm like oh
jesus,
you know
seeing that hope for really good, it's just sometimes he doesn't have to listen
That
situation
that
is very,
that's
true.
who are you what brought you guys down to Hawaii?
I've got the chance to do
concert
Yeah. Movement to visit Hawaii I think that would be so cool. Yeah.
but
I will definitely have to look into, it would be a nice little vacation. Uh huh wow,
mhm
Yeah it is a little chilly here right now, it's not too bad today, I think it's like supposed to be in the low forties which for this time here isn't too bad but I
wouldn't
mind like warm sunshine,
no
you know
where we
can go around. Mhm. Yeah.
ST
yeah it's concerned, it would be kind of like here where it's still warm but you get snow and then it just kind of goes away. No,
I think that's my favorite part about colorado that you have to go to the snow, like where I live, it'll snow and then it will probably be gone within 24 to 48 hours and then if I want snow I just have to go up north. So it's got
I've never been, I think it would be cool to learn how to snowboard though. It's one of those things that's on my bucket list.
Yeah, I've heard nothing but good things, I just have never really had a chance to and it's one of those things that it's like am I going to go get all the year for it and I'm not going to like
it or not be able to do it. So
that's
true,
that's very, it's one of those things people keep telling me I need to do and I just haven't done it.
yeah, it's one of those things, it's like I'm going to get to it eventually and then it just never happened things.
that's so true. When, before we moved out here, we came out here to visit and we went to Garden of the Gods because of course that's the tourist place, everybody has to go see it and I have not been back there since we moved here because I'm like, oh well there's people.
that's so true.
sure, especially with here and things like the parks, I feel like everybody who lives here is like, oh I need to find a park where people art like I want to be able to enjoy the scenery and not have 50 million people take pictures in my way. So it's like we're all trying to go like hike off the trails on like Cheyenne Mountain or something like that or pikes Peak then
No
what,
that's kind of everyone, no matter where you live, it's like I don't want to do the things that people come here to do, I want to do the things that you do when you live here and I definitely think that mitt for such a different experience.
that's so true. I would imagine that it would be even worse in Hawaii because that's definitely like a vacation destination kind of thing.
Well
yeah, that's definitely a cool feeling. Mhm.
not
you
know,
wish what it was here, my family is not really that big into travel, but you know every once in a while they'll get
you
know the vacation money together and go somewhere. But I've been here like I said for almost over
over a year and a half and nope, I just go home when, when it's time to see them.
No.
Mhm. Yeah and there's so many things
to do here and I wish they would come out like where they live in Illinois, there's really not that much to do, it's very much like a one horse town, you know, you've seen it all in the first day or two of you being there.
I didn't really enjoy coming out here where it is so different and there are so many things to do and get out.
Sorry
when you're driving their car
uh my neighbors to have their driveway like right behind my picture
when they read their cars like all day and I don't know why I was hoping they would let me get through
this conversation doing it. But here we are.
I
don't
know if that
company like local sourced peaches here yet, but I will definitely
have to go hunt, come down now. Like I've done.
Mhm. Because I've been to like the partners market in like manner to the little one they do there and the one they do in downtown colorado springs, but I've never I guess I just don't buy peaches that often, but I will definitely destroy those now.
I will
definitely,
you
know
I think
all of, I don't like that because coming from way like we have so many different places to eat, especially in Chicago, I mean you've got so many different options, Everything is so amazing. Yes. And then coming out here, it's like I really can't find like that awesome, you know, food from each,
you know like style of food.
There's some
people
were
like restaurants in the springs that will give you like authentic italian or mexican food and things like that, but it's so expensive that it's like I can't just have it when I want it and I'm used to like, you know if I want street tacos I can go down the road and they're like $3 taco, I can go to chinatown and I can get real chinese food and it's not super expensive and here it's like if you want the really authentic because it's so rare to be able to find it, they're like oh we're just going to charge an arm and a leg for it. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. That's so good.
I wish we had a chinatown in Denver or like those authentic kind of little burrows. But like
Denver isn't set up like that for whatever reason which I don't quite understand.
Move into my living room because the car is getting very loud. Um You understand why Denver doesn't have that because it seems like every major city has like a good food place like that and heaven.
That's what I haven't been in Nashville. The only place in Tennessee that I've been was Brownsville Tennessee which is like the western kind of point of Tennessee. And I went there for a family reunion
so I was only there for like three days but that I did get down there was pretty good.
they definitely do. I make your home, I want pizza so bad.
Oh my gosh yes they put one in Denver too. It's
just
Yeah it's downtown Denver on a 16th Street Mall. It
comes
I've tried it it's just as good as home and it's if you actually buy it in Chicago too which is quite nice.
that's holidays though, they'll ship it during the holiday, we order pizza.
I really don't think so. When they told us that they were supposed to be one to Denver, I'm like oh you guys are lying, they didn't move to Denver, what do you mean? And then we just happened to be in the 16th street mall one day and we stopped in to get I think Jamba juice. And I turned around and that story had like a big bay window that looked at the Giordano's placed. I'm like, I know what we're having for dinner. I need this.
Yeah. It's not
It really is. I don't know how Chicago managed to get such authentic food in one city. Yes.
Yeah. And I really didn't like, you know, appreciate it when I lived there because I was like, oh I've been here since, you know, a child like this is just what food is. And then I left. Like I can't find good food anymore.
It really is like it's beautiful here. I love it. I'm very, very happy here. But they need some food therapy really.
They really do. They really too, they are really fast out in pueblo and it
is
and
we have chili fasting like Illinois things too. Like I get it chile's great. But that's really like the only food that I feel like they focus on to make like amazing. And there's so much of it that it's like I can't eat green chili every day. I need you to feed me something.
No.
it's a lot. I think the only time I really eat it anymore is there's a place called Green Line chili which is like a burger place
and it's pretty good. It's worth it. It's one of those things it's like the only thing in town that stays open until like three o'clock in the morning so you know if it's late we're good we're good. But other than that it's I would just rather make food almost because I don't you know that same fast food that I can get anywhere every day of the week.
that's
that,
it's just like Starbucks. I was saw some documentary series on my fast food places and everybody pays so much money to buy things that start, it's like, don't get me wrong, I will stop in for a frappuccino every now and again. But like all their sandwiches and stuff that they charge like 10 $12 for, it literally comes in frozen, pre
made and all they have to do is thought or stick in the microwave and why am I paying $10 for that when I can literally, or by the same thing, have it fresh and spend less than that.
Exactly.
Really not. I don't know, I guess just be name brand thing and because it's the,
that's,
that
trip,
that's true. I feel like that's the answer to a lot of Americanized food at this point life. It's just, oh, it's, you know what it is, I don't have to try something else. But I kind of feel like better to, you know, chance, that little mom and pop place because it's going to be so much yeah, for your money, that's going to taste better and be better for you. It's not all the
weird.
I think that's
definitely the way to go. I wish a lot of places were more like that and I hate saying that in the majority of places, all the moms places are going out of business because everybody is like, oh, I just want the convenience of
fast food, it's not better for you, it doesn't taste better, it's
not worth it.
It's
so,
it's really what it should be like if I'm going to spend money on going out and have that extra cash spent. I would rather it be that experience and be something that I haven't
had
before, something that I'm really gonna enjoy instead of just oh I went and got a crappy burger from Mcdonald's that was five times what I could have made it for and it would have been just
taking the time to do it.
We have really
habit and it's the fact that people are scared to try new things and they're afraid they won't like it or offend someone and it's like that's what life is. We wouldn't be where we are if we didn't experience new things and try things from other people. So I don't know why in a situation like that like I would love to try some local
food in Hawaii instead of the cheesecake factory. Which I can come home and get. So me it doesn't make sense. But I guess to somebody it does.
Just understandable. But if you're there for like a weekend all you eat is the cheesecake factory. Like that's just you're not then take experience that you could they're just you know.
No.
Yeah like to me the whole reason for going somewhere else is to experience what they have and to learn new things and to have fun and you can't do that if you're holding on so strongly to those comfort things that you have back home that you can get every day.
I think I think it would be better for people to just be a little bit more explora tiv in there ways especially with travel and things like that and just to comfort them. Mhm.
Oh no, you're fine. I am a sales agent. I work for 420 friendly company in Denver. So I pretty much home all day and answer people's phone calls and questions and help them get tours and hotels book. Oh
Every
Yeah. I love this job because I get to work from home so I get to spend time with my dog and clean my house and get things done that I don't get to do with a normal job and then I can pretty powers are really flexible so I can travel home a lot. I can go different places. So it's definitely been a step up for me. Yeah.
Now
I was
like this thing with the next job I wanted because once we moved out here I didn't go back home to visit for the first year because jobs wouldn't let me go home so
I would actually be able to go home and see my family and that they kind of understood like, hey, she'll work when she's home, that's fine. But you need to give me time to travel to get home and there amazing about it, which is great.
it was great talking to you too. Thanks.
I will definitely have to try to get down there. It sounds beautiful. Mhm
Youtube by.