SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah. Okay. To. Uh huh. Uh Hi.
SPEAKER_R: t.
SPEAKER_L: Oh are you still there? Hi.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry I had switched to the other tab to make sure my timer was still running. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you. Okay. Um So my name is Adrian, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I'm Shelley nicely too.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too. Um Have you ever been able to get one of these to work before? Like you're the first thing that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: next?
SPEAKER_R: um the first time this is my second time during this specific study. The first time I did it I went to like three different sessions and I was unable to get somebody but I finally did end up getting somebody so that was pretty good. But it took like three different tries.
SPEAKER_L: Because,
SPEAKER_R: I ended up like as soon as you like to do it, they give you like a bonus. So I was like too worried about it. So I was just like yeah whether they show up or not, there's still some type of compensation. But what does it get the full amount? Someone actually has to be physically be there. So I'm glad that it's working on the first try to see my first try. How about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: This is my, so I did it before for three rounds and never connected with anybody around and this is my second go round and you're the second attempt and you're the first person I've actually talked to.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Um So what have you been doing today? Did you do anything interesting?
SPEAKER_R: Um I just ended up dropping my sister off to work and I ran some aliens. Yeah. And you
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I um went to Quaker meeting online um And then I've been a client like I've been working on a job application, so not yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And this is sort of God or just playing anyway?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well this is a specific one, it's for um the Religious Education Association um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: um And they're looking for an administrator Um you know 30 hours a week remote. It sounds
SPEAKER_R: that sounds perfect. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah I've um I live with somebody with diabetes so I'm really really wary about working out of the home right now.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that way you can keep on track with. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and at high risk. Yeah. Are you? And where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm in Maryland. I'm outside of D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Sflorida overhead? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my brother in florida actually um near Orlando like not Orlando proper but sort of the suburb of Orlando. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm like an hour away from Orlando. Yeah. On the East Coast.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah my florida geography is still terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm the Sochi. Amanda has a lot of hardly anyone from Orlando is actually from Orlando. They're just like Orlando for point of reference. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um Well D. C. Is like that too were clearly it's not that nobody lives in D. C. More people live in D. C. Than several states but um like a lot of people are not from D. C. And then the metro area surrounding it is pretty big. Yeah so um you know you get halfway to Baltimore or Richmond before people stop using D. C. As the reference point. Oh
SPEAKER_R: That's good. Right. Okay. How is the virus treating you over there?
SPEAKER_L: um Well P. G. County was the hardest hit county in Maryland and and PG county is so D. C. Has um is divided into eight boards. How the city is divided and then like Ward eight is like the blackest poorest ward and then people refer to P. G.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: County is like the ninth ward because when black people get money in D. C. They move out to P. G. County. Um So we're one of the richest black areas in the United States but we're wanna root one of the black areas in the United States but we're sort of the least the Washington suburbs. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So I understand it to you. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So we were hit pretty hard. Um we have moved into Phase two completely. Um So people are starting to do stuff. Um But I'm still really hesitant about going out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure you've heard about florida. It sounds like we're pretty much banned from going anywhere upstate what?
SPEAKER_L: there I have florida sounds like it was a really scary situation. Really poorly handled. I mean Maryland by no means was perfect. But our governor, even though he's a republican was not like a crazy and denial republicans, like he tries to be a rational adult. Usually he just wants to cut taxes and let people over the bridge have everything, but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. We just like specifically nice today. That's when like during the shut down, it was like there was not any cases at all. We had very few k who, But since the, I think we're like deep into faith. So I think they still have like different parts, but like we're in the part where like the bars are open and the gyms are open now. So the virus is spreading like wildfire like back when, during the shutdown. I like literally when, you know one personally and now every other day you hear like different church members and stuff are having the virus and everyone's like so like cautious now, but it's like everything is open so you can't just like stop life right now. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. But you can, the idea is that you reopen but you reopen with mask and you reopen with social distancing and that's how you can.
SPEAKER_R: I think a lot of people are not doing that. I heard for like 4th of July they're planning on shutting down all the beaches because most people are gonna flock over there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't understand taking on that level of risk. I mean, I guess if I were completely healthy and everybody in my house for healthy, I could maybe understand it. But you know, if I have, if you're living with somebody, if you are or you're living with somebody who's older or if you have, you know, asthma or diabetes or anything like I just, I don't, I don't get it with like, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. This is like the numbers are rising, especially among The younger people from 21 to 30 like 35 whatever. That's the ones that are having more positive tests now because they're just out and about like earlier this week florida banned alcohol cells and bars and stuff so that's an
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: efforts to mitigate the amount of people going out there.
SPEAKER_L: I guess I sort of wonder what is the purpose of a bar you can like, I guess it just turns into a nighttime coffee house if you can't buy alcohol.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know like it was funny in the beginning when when bars were not open as part of Phase two, but restaurants were able to be open. All of the bars shifted to like serving food with all on this side. So now I guess they could achieve their food. Restaurant dreams like I don't know. It says no in house consumption. So maybe they're just selling bottles. They turned into like a corner store something on.
SPEAKER_L: But not, you might as well go to an actual liquor star.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I really don't understand the thought process of. All right. Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: such
SPEAKER_L: was reading about some place maybe Cincinnati, I think um they
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: were working on a plan to let strip clubs open.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, like I was reading the elements of the plan and from a public health perspective, it actually seems fairly reasonable. Like they couldn't do lap dances and they had to have um the strippers behind plexiglass at.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds kind of interesting. That does that sound reasonable
SPEAKER_L: like, like it's and, and they had to do it outside I think, but they also
SPEAKER_R: else?
SPEAKER_L: had to protect, they had to do it outside, but in such a way that you couldn't see it if you weren't like patronizing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So I was like, yeah, that's kind of like a tent situation.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: attempt
SPEAKER_R: this air
SPEAKER_L: or somehow carriers or something, I don't know. It sounded actually sort of from a public health perspective, it sounded sort of reasonable, but from, I'm a, like if I were a dancer, I'd be like, what even is the point for me to go?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because that's how they
SPEAKER_L: Like?
SPEAKER_R: make a lot of that tips. Is that one on one contact?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and I just, I don't, I guess I feel sort of the same way about like a lot of the restaurant reopening if you're saying you can only do outside service or you can only, um, Do 50% capacity, like Restaurants can't survive on 50% capacity.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: Like the
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: economic
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: literally won't work. So I just, it feels like there's just going to be a lot of entity restaurant buildings, like once we get the, once we get to a point where people can run a restaurant in a regular way.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Then I know you don't need a lot of people willing to go there. Uh
SPEAKER_L: there are a lot of people seem willing to do a lot of things.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. That seems to be the one spreading the disease.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um you said you go to church, is your church having in person services yet?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, during the shutdown, wait, they were moving towards in person cause Flora said, um, Congregates, No, no meetings that are no more than 50 people are okay. And that was the first week of space too. So they were starting to give up in numbers. But as soon as they heard the church members heard of a couple members catching coronavirus, The numbers went down to like 10 people, just the core people. So I think that's going to stick around for a while now because during the shutdown it would be like I think it was like no more than 10-15, but there will still be like 30 people social distance within the building. And then once they hit 50, they kind of went above that bit. But since the church was so big it was enough, it was like okay because people were apart from each other. But then they went from 61 weekend and then they heard about a couple of members catching it and the numbers went all the way down. And it was like, I guess the virus became a reality for them because a lot of people that were like attending there, you know, like they have the mandate that it's like, okay, we're in the hustle and everything like, you know, we should be covered. So they were like, even wearing like mask or anything, like, I mean maybe off the camera cause I watched them on his own on Youtube, they have Youtube live service. So to watch it. And then you could say like, um, for people, like even like what they started doing now, like even the microphone and some someone's been talking to somebody that goes up in sanitize it before the next speaker, but they were not doing that before any of the people got it. And that was like since we've been out of service since like the last week of March and they just started doing this this past weekend. So it kind of like, it's like, it's like the real in their head now that the actual people they know have it. So I don't think we'll be back into service for a long time now. A lot of people out there don't want to stay there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my, our national organization, they sent out a memo at the
SPEAKER_R: critical.
SPEAKER_L: end of, you know, I think the beginning of june and they were like, you guys just just plan to be out of the building until next way. No, they, yeah, they sent it at like at the end of May, they sent it and said just plan to be out of the building until next May. Don't.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, A whole year. I mean looking at it realistically that is going to be the point, but then to think of it like, oh my God, you're going to be around for a year. That's insane. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well like even if in the best case scenario there's a vaccine starting in fall, it's going to take a long time to like get everybody vaccinated.
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: Um You know and to me like to manufacture enough vaccine for everybody to distribute it to like get everybody the doctor appointment. They need to get vaccinated. It's just gonna take a long time and that's like in the best case scenario which nothing has been best case scenario so far. So
SPEAKER_R: I think I was reading an article or a, there's a couple, a couple of days ago and I saw that there's like a trial vaccine or something that they created, it was like a further global and then the US purchased like the majority of it instead of leaving any for anybody else. And I thought that was pretty, just baguettes were worse now than anybody else. A lot of places have kicked the vice to the curb.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean a lot of places are doing like real and regular social distancing and they're doing like people are out now but they have like businesses are set up for people to be really spaced apart and people wear masks when they're out.
SPEAKER_R: Here, I think it's up to each county. A lot of the surrounding counties have voted yes
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: to mask, but my county, for some weird reason we have the meeting yesterday and they also know a lot of people felt that it was against their rights there. Like if we, when commenter was like when I'm wearing a mask, I cannot think and I thought that was like, I was watching the public hearing and I thought that was so interesting. I'm like a massive room you think fastest. So some people came up with ridiculous reasons. It was, I mean to me it's ridiculous if
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: they honestly feel that that's interesting. But they're like, it starts with the mask and they start telling you what you can and cannot eat and then they're like kind of, that's the, they just started spiraling. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I guess but also people are trying to keep you from dying but that's that's what the plan is for its you don't die plan. Um
SPEAKER_R: A lot of people don't see it that way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and the thing is like um I don't know if you've been on twitter and I think that they've been some people in the news who said this but like some people who get it like they're really sick afterwards even though they lived through it, like they're going to be sick for years and years and it's like
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Especially the ones that have to be integrated, like the effect just from having that is lasting long lasting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah um So I don't know if you follow sports at all, like I'm a hockey man and the NHL has this really dumb plan where so it hit in March and the knee cup finals start usually in april like the end of april and in May um So they've put together this plan where teams are going back to their home facilities to do like a pre season training and then they're going to converge in two cities. I think one of them they're planning to do in florida and one somewhere else. They haven't announced yet. And um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they're going to play like a short play off and then a Stanley cup final and it's like, this is dumb. The Tampa Bay Lightning have already had to stop their practices because they had several players test positive for Covid.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Um, and one of them is like a name player or from a first line player, like somebody who should be important to the franchise. And it's like if you guys have screwed up austin Matthews lungs forever, like don't, yeah, it's just annoying to see them put somebody's health and career in life at risk for like the Stanley cup is important. Everybody loves the cup, it's, it's really meaningful. But also it's not that important you guys, it's just this words trophy. And also like if they go through with this plan they're going to be playing hockey in like july and august and do you know what this is going to be like in july and august?
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: It's gonna be bad. It's gonna be bad. Like people complain about the ice at the end of the the regular Stanley cup which is usually like the first week in june. Um And it's like choppy and you know D. C. And points south and it's like you you you guys seriously want to play hockey in july and august. That's your plan to have professional hockey in july and august. What are you doing? What are you doing? Just can't play it, mm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think you want to lose out on the money.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they should have had disaster insurance is what they should have done.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of these
SPEAKER_L: Well. Yeah. Mhm. Um
SPEAKER_R: sure.
SPEAKER_L: So have you are you looking forward to anything or has um are you expecting anything fun to happen in the near future?
SPEAKER_R: There no not necessarily not a lot of things could go on right now India.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well so are trickier is starting and I'm going to work on a project with the Minister. Um That I hope turns out well although it's not going to be like fun. Um But I'm like I'm looking forward to it. I think it's going to be a like a meaningful exciting project. Um And let's see if there's anything else going on, been watching the untamed on netflix. That's a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: What is that about?
SPEAKER_L: Okay so the untamed is a chinese drama. It's so it's sort of in the past but I think it's kind of a mythical path. It's like like you know if you watch something or three in in west and western show it's like before in the Middle Ages. E but not any specific time. I think that's how it's working on the untamed. It's not like a specific a real specific chinese era. It's just you know a long time ago when mrs was
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: fabulous
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: roads. Um And it's about a bunch of cultivation clans and cultivation is technically not magic in some way that I don't understand. I mean people can fly and they can summon into spell demons and they're zombies but technically it's not magic. I don't that is some chinese distinction I don't understand. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But it's the tale of these two guys who are basically soulmate. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And one guy starts doing sort of bad cultivation and everybody else turns against him. But there's somebody sort of orchestrating the whole deal. And I'm halfway through, we're sort of getting to the point where we're going to start investigating
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to find out who it is. It's been orchestrating all of the shenanigan.
SPEAKER_R: Let's go.
SPEAKER_L: Um And it's it's a lot of fun, like, it's very passionate and you see like, you think it's mostly about the these two guys being soul mates, but also the first guy has a brother and sister and his relationship with them is really intense and then it sort of falls apart in this very tragic way that makes me very sad. Um I I feel like I'm not explaining it very
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: well, That's really
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Is
SPEAKER_L: Tell
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: subtitled or is it like dubbed?
SPEAKER_L: it's it's subtitled, it isn't done. Um and I would say if you do want to watch it, start with episode three,
SPEAKER_R: What's wrong with one and 2?
SPEAKER_L: One and two, you have to know all this stuff that's happened for like 30 episodes before one. And to make sense, because the way it's structured is one and to take place in the present, and then it
SPEAKER_R: and then it's transferred to the past
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: goes
SPEAKER_R: goes to
SPEAKER_L: 16
SPEAKER_R: the fact.
SPEAKER_L: years in the past, and so one and two, a lot happens that if you have no idea who these people are and why they're talking to each other and what their relationships are. You're like I don't know what's happening and I'm not sure I care. And if you watch like the 30 episodes of 16 years ago, it's suddenly like Oh my God, how is this happening? Like there's so much emotion. Um and it's it's actually really well done if you have any idea what's happening, but start episode why? It's like I don't is that guy dead?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Is that guy a ghost? Is that guy really there? So start with episode three,
SPEAKER_R: except
SPEAKER_L: once you go back to the past, go back two episodes wanted
SPEAKER_R: they might.
SPEAKER_L: to and it will all be extremely, you'll just feel like I can't believe he's looking at him like that. I can't believe he gave that guy to cut direct. I can't believe you
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: know like
SPEAKER_R: it still
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: production
SPEAKER_L: glad you said
SPEAKER_R: or is all the are all the episodes published?
SPEAKER_L: It's all it's all done. It's 50 episodes.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah from what I can tell like I don't know if it's all chinese talent in him but definitely the certain um chinese dramas that they're exporting like this like they it's one season and done like they do this with
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: I watch, I used to be into trade dramas and it was always like that one season and then they'll be like one season, all episodes and then done and then on to the next time I was wondering why I was based like that, like american dramas at all.
SPEAKER_L: No I don't know I think that
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: it actually
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: makes sense to do the story and then you don't have to, if you know how many episodes you have you can structure the story better. Um and you don't have to try to make things up to keep going when you go out of ideas.
SPEAKER_R: and you kind of prevent actors like leaving in a sense because you never know what happens in the offseason like they know they're committed because I don't know from season just to go disappear for a while come back and maybe it's all about funding for american shows.
SPEAKER_L: It's partly about funding um and I kind of like that one and done model. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no matter how much episodes it is it's done completely
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: when it's in production and it's just like produce like I know they post a lot of it online but if it's like on that show this is just like do they don't never mind the mind. That makes sense. Hi what?
SPEAKER_L: so are you watching anything fun right now or are you reading anything fun? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I've been watching Cougar really? It's like I'm still on a crime. I think it's old. I've been like
SPEAKER_L: Wait is that Cougar Town or Cougar Bill?
SPEAKER_R: I think it's cool gerbil. it's based out of florida, I don't know any of the actors actual name. It's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Is it like a sitcom?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. So calm. I think if production finished like 2011 or something it's on prime. So I'm just like I'm just saying yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's all sorts of random stuff like really random stuff on crime but
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's like this show existed on tv I've never seen this before. This where all the dead shows come back to life or get a second chance at I've been reading meaning to he'll start reading again but so I haven't really gotten into it. Works.
SPEAKER_L: Okay well there was a point in like March in april and May when I was just reading like a bunch of, so there were a few good ones with a lot of mediocre romance novels. Um because I got Kindle unlimited And so our kindle unlimited. Yeah so $10 a month you can read all of the kindle unlimited books you want. And there are a lot of romance authors who like that's their job, they just write Kindle unlimited books. So you know.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like they're putting them out like every three months. Um you know so if you find somebody who's been doing it for five or 6 years
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a lot to catch up.
SPEAKER_L: Right, you have nine books to read and you're like, well who nine like if the first one is any good, which is always the question. Um But yeah, I was just like going through them and going through them and going through them. Um and then I kind of I don't know, like I burned out. Um and I picked up some science fiction to read and I read a couple of books of that. Um and then I've been reading some sort of religious philosophical stuff. Um I read one that was really good. Um It was picnic han and it was true love with the name of it. Um And I was great. And then I tried one by mm Don Champion I think called when things fall apart and I could like, I just didn't get it. I did not get it. My friend was like this is making you unhappy. Stop reading it. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: but I'm just glad that our library has like books and stuff. So. No.
SPEAKER_R: it's nice you just download the you you send the e books, the Kindle and then boom it's there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Although like I lost my Kindle somewhere I think in the house but I haven't
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: been able to find it. So like I've been reading on my phone which it's not the worst thing in the world, but I would like to find my Kindle. But I like
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: I do.
SPEAKER_R: you have a paper white or is the urge you know?
SPEAKER_L: It was it wasn't the original, it was maybe fifth jim. Maybe I like I bought it refurbished on boot for $100 at some point storm. And then I have misplaced it
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: and.
SPEAKER_R: that the original kind of, I was thinking it was like one of the newer ones you could just Pinkett or something like, I don't know if they like to find my kindle.
SPEAKER_L: That would be great. Although like I usually um I usually the wifi off because it will last longer like on a chart. Um So I don't know if that would have worked, but it maybe could have told me where it was the last time I had it on. Um so we have talked for over 30 minutes. Um All right. But he was nice talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: Same issue
SPEAKER_L: wow. All right. Have
SPEAKER_R: enjoy the
SPEAKER_L: evening.
SPEAKER_R: US today by.