wow. Yeah. Okay. To. Uh huh. Uh Hi.
Oh are you still there? Hi.
I can hear you. Okay. Um So my name is Adrian, what's your name?
Nice to meet you too. Um Have you ever been able to get one of these to work before? Like you're the first thing that
next?
Because,
This is my, so I did it before for three rounds and never connected with anybody around and this is my second go round and you're the second attempt and you're the first person I've actually talked to.
Um So what have you been doing today? Did you do anything interesting?
Um Well I um went to Quaker meeting online um And then I've been a client like I've been working on a job application, so not yeah.
Um Well this is a specific one, it's for um the Religious Education Association um
um And they're looking for an administrator Um you know 30 hours a week remote. It sounds
so yeah I've um I live with somebody with diabetes so I'm really really wary about working out of the home right now.
Well
um I'm in Maryland. I'm outside of D. C.
my brother in florida actually um near Orlando like not Orlando proper but sort of the suburb of Orlando. Uh huh.
mm. Yeah my florida geography is still terrible.
Yeah. Um Well D. C. Is like that too were clearly it's not that nobody lives in D. C. More people live in D. C. Than several states but um like a lot of people are not from D. C. And then the metro area surrounding it is pretty big. Yeah so um you know you get halfway to Baltimore or Richmond before people stop using D. C. As the reference point. Oh
um Well P. G. County was the hardest hit county in Maryland and and PG county is so D. C. Has um is divided into eight boards. How the city is divided and then like Ward eight is like the blackest poorest ward and then people refer to P. G.
County is like the ninth ward because when black people get money in D. C. They move out to P. G. County. Um So we're one of the richest black areas in the United States but we're wanna root one of the black areas in the United States but we're sort of the least the Washington suburbs. Yes.
So we were hit pretty hard. Um we have moved into Phase two completely. Um So people are starting to do stuff. Um But I'm still really hesitant about going out.
there I have florida sounds like it was a really scary situation. Really poorly handled. I mean Maryland by no means was perfect. But our governor, even though he's a republican was not like a crazy and denial republicans, like he tries to be a rational adult. Usually he just wants to cut taxes and let people over the bridge have everything, but
Right. But you can, the idea is that you reopen but you reopen with mask and you reopen with social distancing and that's how you can.
I don't I don't understand taking on that level of risk. I mean, I guess if I were completely healthy and everybody in my house for healthy, I could maybe understand it. But you know, if I have, if you're living with somebody, if you are or you're living with somebody who's older or if you have, you know, asthma or diabetes or anything like I just, I don't, I don't get it with like, Yeah.
But
I guess I sort of wonder what is the purpose of a bar you can like, I guess it just turns into a nighttime coffee house if you can't buy alcohol.
But not, you might as well go to an actual liquor star.
I
was reading about some place maybe Cincinnati, I think um they
were working on a plan to let strip clubs open.
Well, yeah, like I was reading the elements of the plan and from a public health perspective, it actually seems fairly reasonable. Like they couldn't do lap dances and they had to have um the strippers behind plexiglass at.
like, like it's and, and they had to do it outside I think, but they also
had to protect, they had to do it outside, but in such a way that you couldn't see it if you weren't like patronizing.
And
attempt
or somehow carriers or something, I don't know. It sounded actually sort of from a public health perspective, it sounded sort of reasonable, but from, I'm a, like if I were a dancer, I'd be like, what even is the point for me to go?
Like?
Yeah, and I just, I don't, I guess I feel sort of the same way about like a lot of the restaurant reopening if you're saying you can only do outside service or you can only, um, Do 50% capacity, like Restaurants can't survive on 50% capacity.
Like the
economic
literally won't work. So I just, it feels like there's just going to be a lot of entity restaurant buildings, like once we get the, once we get to a point where people can run a restaurant in a regular way.
there are a lot of people seem willing to do a lot of things.
Yeah. Um you said you go to church, is your church having in person services yet?
my, our national organization, they sent out a memo at the
end of, you know, I think the beginning of june and they were like, you guys just just plan to be out of the building until next way. No, they, yeah, they sent it at like at the end of May, they sent it and said just plan to be out of the building until next May. Don't.
well like even if in the best case scenario there's a vaccine starting in fall, it's going to take a long time to like get everybody vaccinated.
Um You know and to me like to manufacture enough vaccine for everybody to distribute it to like get everybody the doctor appointment. They need to get vaccinated. It's just gonna take a long time and that's like in the best case scenario which nothing has been best case scenario so far. So
Well I mean a lot of places are doing like real and regular social distancing and they're doing like people are out now but they have like businesses are set up for people to be really spaced apart and people wear masks when they're out.
Mhm.
with.
I mean I guess but also people are trying to keep you from dying but that's that's what the plan is for its you don't die plan. Um
Yeah and the thing is like um I don't know if you've been on twitter and I think that they've been some people in the news who said this but like some people who get it like they're really sick afterwards even though they lived through it, like they're going to be sick for years and years and it's like
yeah um So I don't know if you follow sports at all, like I'm a hockey man and the NHL has this really dumb plan where so it hit in March and the knee cup finals start usually in april like the end of april and in May um So they've put together this plan where teams are going back to their home facilities to do like a pre season training and then they're going to converge in two cities. I think one of them they're planning to do in florida and one somewhere else. They haven't announced yet. And um,
they're going to play like a short play off and then a Stanley cup final and it's like, this is dumb. The Tampa Bay Lightning have already had to stop their practices because they had several players test positive for Covid.
Um, and one of them is like a name player or from a first line player, like somebody who should be important to the franchise. And it's like if you guys have screwed up austin Matthews lungs forever, like don't, yeah, it's just annoying to see them put somebody's health and career in life at risk for like the Stanley cup is important. Everybody loves the cup, it's, it's really meaningful. But also it's not that important you guys, it's just this words trophy. And also like if they go through with this plan they're going to be playing hockey in like july and august and do you know what this is going to be like in july and august?
It's gonna be bad. It's gonna be bad. Like people complain about the ice at the end of the the regular Stanley cup which is usually like the first week in june. Um And it's like choppy and you know D. C. And points south and it's like you you you guys seriously want to play hockey in july and august. That's your plan to have professional hockey in july and august. What are you doing? What are you doing? Just can't play it, mm.
Yeah they should have had disaster insurance is what they should have done.
Well. Yeah. Mhm. Um
So have you are you looking forward to anything or has um are you expecting anything fun to happen in the near future?
Um Well so are trickier is starting and I'm going to work on a project with the Minister. Um That I hope turns out well although it's not going to be like fun. Um But I'm like I'm looking forward to it. I think it's going to be a like a meaningful exciting project. Um And let's see if there's anything else going on, been watching the untamed on netflix. That's a lot of fun.
Okay so the untamed is a chinese drama. It's so it's sort of in the past but I think it's kind of a mythical path. It's like like you know if you watch something or three in in west and western show it's like before in the Middle Ages. E but not any specific time. I think that's how it's working on the untamed. It's not like a specific a real specific chinese era. It's just you know a long time ago when mrs was
fabulous
roads. Um And it's about a bunch of cultivation clans and cultivation is technically not magic in some way that I don't understand. I mean people can fly and they can summon into spell demons and they're zombies but technically it's not magic. I don't that is some chinese distinction I don't understand. Um
But it's the tale of these two guys who are basically soulmate. Um
And one guy starts doing sort of bad cultivation and everybody else turns against him. But there's somebody sort of orchestrating the whole deal. And I'm halfway through, we're sort of getting to the point where we're going to start investigating
to find out who it is. It's been orchestrating all of the shenanigan.
Um And it's it's a lot of fun, like, it's very passionate and you see like, you think it's mostly about the these two guys being soul mates, but also the first guy has a brother and sister and his relationship with them is really intense and then it sort of falls apart in this very tragic way that makes me very sad. Um I I feel like I'm not explaining it very
well, That's really
great.
Tell
me
it's it's subtitled, it isn't done. Um and I would say if you do want to watch it, start with episode three,
One and two, you have to know all this stuff that's happened for like 30 episodes before one. And to make sense, because the way it's structured is one and to take place in the present, and then it
It
goes
16
years in the past, and so one and two, a lot happens that if you have no idea who these people are and why they're talking to each other and what their relationships are. You're like I don't know what's happening and I'm not sure I care. And if you watch like the 30 episodes of 16 years ago, it's suddenly like Oh my God, how is this happening? Like there's so much emotion. Um and it's it's actually really well done if you have any idea what's happening, but start episode why? It's like I don't is that guy dead?
Is that guy a ghost? Is that guy really there? So start with episode three,
once you go back to the past, go back two episodes wanted
to and it will all be extremely, you'll just feel like I can't believe he's looking at him like that. I can't believe he gave that guy to cut direct. I can't believe you
know like
I'm
just
glad you said
It's all it's all done. It's 50 episodes.
Yeah from what I can tell like I don't know if it's all chinese talent in him but definitely the certain um chinese dramas that they're exporting like this like they it's one season and done like they do this with
me.
No I don't know I think that
it actually
makes sense to do the story and then you don't have to, if you know how many episodes you have you can structure the story better. Um and you don't have to try to make things up to keep going when you go out of ideas.
It's partly about funding um and I kind of like that one and done model. Yeah.
No.
so are you watching anything fun right now or are you reading anything fun? Okay.
Wait is that Cougar Town or Cougar Bill?
Is it like a sitcom?
Yeah there's all sorts of random stuff like really random stuff on crime but
Okay well there was a point in like March in april and May when I was just reading like a bunch of, so there were a few good ones with a lot of mediocre romance novels. Um because I got Kindle unlimited And so our kindle unlimited. Yeah so $10 a month you can read all of the kindle unlimited books you want. And there are a lot of romance authors who like that's their job, they just write Kindle unlimited books. So you know.
Yeah like they're putting them out like every three months. Um you know so if you find somebody who's been doing it for five or 6 years
Right, you have nine books to read and you're like, well who nine like if the first one is any good, which is always the question. Um But yeah, I was just like going through them and going through them and going through them. Um and then I kind of I don't know, like I burned out. Um and I picked up some science fiction to read and I read a couple of books of that. Um and then I've been reading some sort of religious philosophical stuff. Um I read one that was really good. Um It was picnic han and it was true love with the name of it. Um And I was great. And then I tried one by mm Don Champion I think called when things fall apart and I could like, I just didn't get it. I did not get it. My friend was like this is making you unhappy. Stop reading it. Um Yeah,
but I'm just glad that our library has like books and stuff. So. No.
Yeah. Although like I lost my Kindle somewhere I think in the house but I haven't
been able to find it. So like I've been reading on my phone which it's not the worst thing in the world, but I would like to find my Kindle. But I like
I do.
It was it wasn't the original, it was maybe fifth jim. Maybe I like I bought it refurbished on boot for $100 at some point storm. And then I have misplaced it
and.
That would be great. Although like I usually um I usually the wifi off because it will last longer like on a chart. Um So I don't know if that would have worked, but it maybe could have told me where it was the last time I had it on. Um so we have talked for over 30 minutes. Um All right. But he was nice talking to you,
wow. All right. Have
evening.