t.
I'm sorry I had switched to the other tab to make sure my timer was still running. Can you hear me
Oh I'm Shelley nicely too.
I
um the first time this is my second time during this specific study. The first time I did it I went to like three different sessions and I was unable to get somebody but I finally did end up getting somebody so that was pretty good. But it took like three different tries.
I ended up like as soon as you like to do it, they give you like a bonus. So I was like too worried about it. So I was just like yeah whether they show up or not, there's still some type of compensation. But what does it get the full amount? Someone actually has to be physically be there. So I'm glad that it's working on the first try to see my first try. How about you? Yeah.
Well that's good.
Um I just ended up dropping my sister off to work and I ran some aliens. Yeah. And you
And this is sort of God or just playing anyway?
Mhm.
that sounds perfect. Uh huh.
Well, that way you can keep on track with. Oh,
and at high risk. Yeah. Are you? And where are you located?
Okay. Sflorida overhead? Yeah.
Okay. I'm like an hour away from Orlando. Yeah. On the East Coast.
Yeah, I'm the Sochi. Amanda has a lot of hardly anyone from Orlando is actually from Orlando. They're just like Orlando for point of reference. Okay.
That's good. Right. Okay. How is the virus treating you over there?
Thanks.
So I understand it to you. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm sure you've heard about florida. It sounds like we're pretty much banned from going anywhere upstate what?
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. We just like specifically nice today. That's when like during the shut down, it was like there was not any cases at all. We had very few k who, But since the, I think we're like deep into faith. So I think they still have like different parts, but like we're in the part where like the bars are open and the gyms are open now. So the virus is spreading like wildfire like back when, during the shutdown. I like literally when, you know one personally and now every other day you hear like different church members and stuff are having the virus and everyone's like so like cautious now, but it's like everything is open so you can't just like stop life right now. So
I think a lot of people are not doing that. I heard for like 4th of July they're planning on shutting down all the beaches because most people are gonna flock over there. Yeah.
I don't know. This is like the numbers are rising, especially among The younger people from 21 to 30 like 35 whatever. That's the ones that are having more positive tests now because they're just out and about like earlier this week florida banned alcohol cells and bars and stuff so that's an
efforts to mitigate the amount of people going out there.
Yeah. I don't know like it was funny in the beginning when when bars were not open as part of Phase two, but restaurants were able to be open. All of the bars shifted to like serving food with all on this side. So now I guess they could achieve their food. Restaurant dreams like I don't know. It says no in house consumption. So maybe they're just selling bottles. They turned into like a corner store something on.
Yeah. I don't know. I really don't understand the thought process of. All right. Yeah. It's
such
Yeah.
What?
that sounds kind of interesting. That does that sound reasonable
else?
Okay. So I was like, yeah, that's kind of like a tent situation.
So
this air
Yeah, because that's how they
make a lot of that tips. Is that one on one contact?
Not
at
all.
Mhm. Yeah. Then I know you don't need a lot of people willing to go there. Uh
I don't know. That seems to be the one spreading the disease.
yeah, during the shutdown, wait, they were moving towards in person cause Flora said, um, Congregates, No, no meetings that are no more than 50 people are okay. And that was the first week of space too. So they were starting to give up in numbers. But as soon as they heard the church members heard of a couple members catching coronavirus, The numbers went down to like 10 people, just the core people. So I think that's going to stick around for a while now because during the shutdown it would be like I think it was like no more than 10-15, but there will still be like 30 people social distance within the building. And then once they hit 50, they kind of went above that bit. But since the church was so big it was enough, it was like okay because people were apart from each other. But then they went from 61 weekend and then they heard about a couple of members catching it and the numbers went all the way down. And it was like, I guess the virus became a reality for them because a lot of people that were like attending there, you know, like they have the mandate that it's like, okay, we're in the hustle and everything like, you know, we should be covered. So they were like, even wearing like mask or anything, like, I mean maybe off the camera cause I watched them on his own on Youtube, they have Youtube live service. So to watch it. And then you could say like, um, for people, like even like what they started doing now, like even the microphone and some someone's been talking to somebody that goes up in sanitize it before the next speaker, but they were not doing that before any of the people got it. And that was like since we've been out of service since like the last week of March and they just started doing this this past weekend. So it kind of like, it's like, it's like the real in their head now that the actual people they know have it. So I don't think we'll be back into service for a long time now. A lot of people out there don't want to stay there. Yeah.
critical.
my gosh, A whole year. I mean looking at it realistically that is going to be the point, but then to think of it like, oh my God, you're going to be around for a year. That's insane. Yeah.
that's true.
I think I was reading an article or a, there's a couple, a couple of days ago and I saw that there's like a trial vaccine or something that they created, it was like a further global and then the US purchased like the majority of it instead of leaving any for anybody else. And I thought that was pretty, just baguettes were worse now than anybody else. A lot of places have kicked the vice to the curb.
Here, I think it's up to each county. A lot of the surrounding counties have voted yes
to mask, but my county, for some weird reason we have the meeting yesterday and they also know a lot of people felt that it was against their rights there. Like if we, when commenter was like when I'm wearing a mask, I cannot think and I thought that was like, I was watching the public hearing and I thought that was so interesting. I'm like a massive room you think fastest. So some people came up with ridiculous reasons. It was, I mean to me it's ridiculous if
they honestly feel that that's interesting. But they're like, it starts with the mask and they start telling you what you can and cannot eat and then they're like kind of, that's the, they just started spiraling. Oh yeah,
A lot of people don't see it that way.
that's true. Especially the ones that have to be integrated, like the effect just from having that is lasting long lasting.
Yeah.
no.
terrible.
I don't think you want to lose out on the money.
A lot of these
sure.
There no not necessarily not a lot of things could go on right now India.
What is that about?
I
got
Mhm.
Yeah.
What?
Let's go.
it's
so
interesting. Is
it
subtitled or is it like dubbed?
What's wrong with one and 2?
and then it's transferred to the past
it
goes to
the fact.
No.
except
they might.
Is
it still
in
production
or is all the are all the episodes published?
Uh huh that's good.
because
I watch, I used to be into trade dramas and it was always like that one season and then they'll be like one season, all episodes and then done and then on to the next time I was wondering why I was based like that, like american dramas at all.
lot
of
and you kind of prevent actors like leaving in a sense because you never know what happens in the offseason like they know they're committed because I don't know from season just to go disappear for a while come back and maybe it's all about funding for american shows.
no matter how much episodes it is it's done completely
when it's in production and it's just like produce like I know they post a lot of it online but if it's like on that show this is just like do they don't never mind the mind. That makes sense. Hi what?
I've been watching Cougar really? It's like I'm still on a crime. I think it's old. I've been like
I think it's cool gerbil. it's based out of florida, I don't know any of the actors actual name. It's interesting.
Yeah, definitely. So calm. I think if production finished like 2011 or something it's on prime. So I'm just like I'm just saying yeah
yeah it's like this show existed on tv I've never seen this before. This where all the dead shows come back to life or get a second chance at I've been reading meaning to he'll start reading again but so I haven't really gotten into it. Works.
no.
Yeah that's a lot to catch up.
Uh huh.
it's nice you just download the you you send the e books, the Kindle and then boom it's there.
no.
Do
you have a paper white or is the urge you know?
I think
that the original kind of, I was thinking it was like one of the newer ones you could just Pinkett or something like, I don't know if they like to find my kindle.
Same issue
enjoy the
US today by.