How are you?
I'm good.
My name is Emily, my
name is Emily
Yeah
it's
a little bit delayed. But yeah,
yep I'm in north Carolina.
Who are you?
and what? I'm not familiar with that. What is that near to?
Yeah I can you have a very northern accent I can tell.
Yeah I can tell it's definitely not familiar to my area at least. Yeah. Are you guys still in quarantine up there?
Absolutely. Yeah here it is pretty bad. A lot of people have just gone on with normal life and pretend like it's not happening. But so now north Carolinians are prevented from traveling to certain states
because that's yeah.
Oh that's good.
Yeah. Is it really shut down to any visitors? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Mm.
I know my family has been watching horse races because that's pretty much all we can get as far
as sports goes so. Okay yeah it's pretty sad but I just hear the maybe baseball
I was going to start up and
sometimes I guess it's july now but sometime towards the end of july did
you anything about that?
Yeah tough.
I'm familiar with them but I don't follow that, I'm really not much of a hockey fan myself. Yeah.
yeah
Oh it's um
yeah it's UNICEF, yep.
Um I'm part of
a UNICEF club at my school so I have the flag I don't know
sometimes
um it's mostly
just
raising awareness for the organization of raising money for a different way so,
there's um actually just like for the school um through like the university clubs, there's not like actual hands on work with UNICEF but we do have um uh like a it's called the UNICEF national summit and it's in Washington D. C. And um basically all the different clubs from around um America get together and have different, I don't really know describe it but it's mostly like an education thing like learning about the different issues you sub works for just like to keep students involved in the issues and aware of them so. Yeah.
Oh yeah my daughter is from the Humane society too
um she's a mutt of all sorts of stuff like I think the described her when we got her as like a boxer mix but she is like your typical looking much just like medium size, all sorts of different spots and colours all over here so yep she
was 14 years old now so we've had it for a long time.
Yeah they definitely could have gotten her wrong, they say like the different things that we've heard from different people and vets as guesses or boxer pointer, Australian cattle dog,
I think that was the main 30 people too, but she doesn't really look like any of them, she just looks like yeah, I don't know, she almost
looks like if you took a Jack russell terrier and made it big with like the brown head and like the brown spots and stuff, so she's pretty cute
home
tom.
Yeah my family had a black lab when I was like basically just a baby, so I don't remember him but I know that um my mom talks very highly of him, I think she really loved him there definitely really good dogs, so I would love to have a while someday. But I think,
dog is her, her is mostly white and it's definitely everywhere, all over our hunter all the time. So bottom.
So,
um, I'm sorry, continue.
This
it's a little bit delayed. Oh yeah. Um, at the talk I've seen only like one
or two things about the, I think the occupancy is what I call in Seattle. So have you heard much about that and like what are your thoughts on him?
Yeah, I don't know exactly what they called it, but there's some long term, is it in Seattle or am I making that up? It may not be in Seattle. I thought it was in Seattle where there's protesters who have like taken over the area and stuff like that.
Yeah,
Yeah, definitely. Lots of different layers of tough things going on right now, so I'm in charlotte here, we've had some pretty big, major protests with them stuff going on with that, so great, but not as much more recently, I guess I was more a couple weeks ago,
I haven't really heard much about it in the past couple weeks. Yeah,
but I didn't even know that.
let me find out Michael Jordan, Yeah, I don't know, I don't know about that. Sorry, I'm
not familiar
with what he's got going on right now, so
okay, I'll let
them know.
No, I'm not familiar with them.
I don't know if I remarked someone famous, I think the most famous person, I mean like I met a couple bedlam, bedlam, why? Why can't I say olympic athletes like um Ricky barons? He was in a you probably haven't heard of him but he's an olympic swimmer and he lives in like a neighborhood right in your mind. So I met him but other than that I can't think of any famous people. I really meant. I wonder if like I would even, like you said all those people just seeing him but not recognize the time. I wonder if I would even recognize that anyone I saw them. So.
I am.
Yeah. I
think about that sometimes sometimes I wonder is the type of person who becomes like a millionaire billionaire, whatever. Are they more likely to be a bad person or do they become a bad person when they get all that money and become greedy with it? That's what I was thinking about them.
I agree.
Hi.
Yeah. I was thinking about like there there's definitely no way you can possibly get a billion dollars without hurting other people in the process exploiting other people's work, stuff like that. So I definitely get with their. All right.
So how did you find prolific? Get into prolific servers?
yeah.
Oh yeah me too.
Are those
good ones?
I think I've heard of uh
Yeah.
I never heard about them,
This one is probably one of the most money I make from one of them. They usually just like a dollar each. But I liked it. It's at least it's real. You know and I like I I get a lot of psychological type surveys and I like to do those. They're interesting to me. So maybe at least make some money off of it at the same time, so.
Hey.
candidates.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I've never done one of those before, but I definitely, yeah, I definitely would.
But I
like the idea that it's like, yeah, I like that it's a real university doing this study and I'm
like actually helping their research in some way. Maybe. So like that too. Yeah.
Like
more. Uh huh. It is extremely hot here. I think we have the hottest day of the year
to the or yesterday was the hottest day of the year so far, with 98 being high. So yeah.
What is nice? Yeah. I want to um eventually I want to live somewhere where it's not hot all the time, so.
And
it's also
on top of that, the humidity, Yeah.
we have on and on the contrary here, we haven't had rain for a couple of weeks. But I think we're supposed to get some this week, so probably good. We've got a garden going on, so.
mm. I think, yeah, actually, I can check. I honestly don't really know. I know that um in the early morning, it's usually around 70 when I get up. I think that. Let's see. Yeah, this is the lower, yeah, right around 70 every night. Which is not too bad. But it doesn't get that way until late in the night, so still 80 right now. So.
I can't even imagine. But yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
No, I'm in college. Yeah,
I'll
be
a freshman or I mean I will I'll be, this coming year will be my freshman year, so I'm sort of between I guess. But I'm planning on studying public policy.
I'm not sure about that. So it could go either way. Originally was going to study environmental science, but I wasn't sure how you know how much I can get from that. So we'll see. I'm going to um unC Chapel Hill
and yeah.
Thank
you.
that would be awesome. Yeah. Hey,
that's
too, I don't know if I could work for a place like or even I could volunteer. I don't know if I could work for a place like they decided not bring home every single dog, so, but that would definitely be an awesome job.
Yeah, I hope so. Um
Yeah, he, I think we've been our at our time quota here. Think
so.
It's
about 9 30. Yeah. I think I came in a couple minutes late, but we should be good now. 9 30. Oh.
it's nice to meet
you.
You
too.
Thank you. Thank you. You too.
Thank you, too.