Okay. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want the kid? What? That was shit. Wait, I must have killed more than a lot of space in space. Hi there. Good,
thank you. And you?
I'm mike. And who are you?
Hi
Emily. You can see hear me okay? Yeah
well good deal now. I can see you
better.
Were you located?
Uh Oh getting pretty late for you. I am in Bellingham Washington.
Bellingham Washington. All
We're 90 miles north of Seattle just south of the border Vancouver Canada, that area. Yeah.
Actually I'm from michigan and everybody thinks I'm from Canada so but the upper peninsula of michigan so.
definitely it's pretty well really it's not super mandated but it should be it's just unreal. The new cases and everything, so it's sad.
I
actually work in health care and I mean it's just horrible. Still knock on wood. I work at a nursing home and we haven't had any cases but oh it's
sad boy,
We're even, I'm a therapist, physical therapy assistant and we're not allowed to go in other facilities there. Really limiting it. So somewhat rightfully still. It's hard boy. Pretty tough time.
In so many ways it's rough on top of that. We don't have sports and everything kind of fall back on if you know what I mean. Right,
It's
Friends.
No,
we,
I don't follow it too closely, but I know there's talk of it and then some players are talking about not actually playing. I'm more of a hockey fan and hockey's kind of, yeah, they're talking about getting that going again. But quite a few players have the coronavirus now, so we'll see. Yeah.
Do you follow the hurricanes by chance? Hockey team.
No big deal. It's all for fun, you hope. Uh huh.
I'm trying to make out the sign behind you Children. First
set.
Mhm
there's a new check.
Very neat. What do you do for
UNICEF then?
Where do
you get? Good?
You ever travel for it? I mean like for UNICEF volunteer?
Great stuff boy. We need more things like that in life. Mm Damn. I wish I used to volunteer for the humane Society, but I'm so busy with work. Just can't do it. My compromise was getting two dogs. Yeah. So
what kind of dog?
Mhm
wow. Hey, I'm very neat. Best part of life. One of my dogs, they, when I got him from the Humane society, they said he was a boxer, but I've had him to three different vets and each says no way he's yellow lab. But beyond that, they're not sure he knows I'm talking about him over there and puppy
world.
there.
Good step 14 boy that's good. I had a dog black pure black lab put down at 14. She was the love of my life 3.5
years ago and I still think of every day. Yeah
she was a great one. Mhm.
Yeah can't go wrong they do shed quite a bit but it's still worth it. Yeah
my dog
cooper
don't go ahead. No big deal. I was just
going to tell you about how he shared.
No.
What was that sorry? The occupancy?
Yeah I know that's going on. Um I had to drive through Seattle about a week and a half ago for work and I didn't see anything so that was on a Wednesday. Um but I know what's going on for sure. I think it was in Seattle a 24 year old gal got hit by a car and ended up dying. So it's just sadly Yeah.
Crazy world. Who? Damn. Mhm. But I think almost every major city there's protests going on it seems. But I think it's probably died down by now. Some hard to say. I don't actually have tv and I just read the internet a little bit for news, but I don't keep that close track of it. Too depressing. Mm.
Damn.
The apps tough kinds boy. Yeah. You ever get to see Michael Jordan? I think he's in charlotte. Right. I don't follow.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I know he owns one of the basketball teams or president of a team. Okay. Or is that Washington
No, no
big deal.
Just tell him, I said hi if you ever see him?
Haven't,
I haven't talked to him for a while. Yeah. You ever hear jerry rice? Great receiver, football?
Don't worry. But I got a good story about him one day I was with my ex wife and her kids in a, her daughter's friend. We were heading back from Disneyland and jerry Rice was on this, getting on the same plane. We were, but nobody in the whole airport, everybody is just waiting. You know, casually. Nobody else seemed to recognize them. But I happened to look over there and I'm like, that's jerry Rice. So here's where the story gets interesting. Our eyes met and he knew, I knew who he was and I could just tell he was like, oh God, here we go. So I told my ex wife's daughter that's jerry rice. She had no idea who that is, but she went over for an autograph. Next thing, you know, I mean, it was just like this, the whole waiting area lined up to get autographs. So he hates me now. Right. Let's the only celebrity I think I've ever, or famous person other than like being at a baseball game, But that was from a distance. So
Yeah, it's overrated. Anyway. I'm not too big into like famous and rich. I think it's kind of disgraceful because you know, there's so much good they could do with their money. So, but yet they're
horrid yet by in their yachts and 2nd, 3rd and 4th homes and stuff like that. So. Right. Mm.
Yeah.
Damn. It's very subjective. It's what people believe to be right and wrong. There are a lot of real good people that are very wealthy. But to me, I just personally think it's wrong and then
in this day and age I think you should have a million dollars in case something goes wrong. But that's about it. I'm way, way off that million dollars. But yeah,
who knows? I'll get there someday. Mhm.
Uh
yeah. Good question. I honestly I haven't been a member of that long, less than a year. I remember. You know, I'm on other sites for surveys and most of them are just so bad. You do a 10
minutes, you're 10 medicine to a survey and it kicks you out and you get nothing. So I remember one after doing a search for sites better pay insights and prolific came up on some like website, I think that's what I did, where it was ranked maybe number three out of 20 or something like that. But boy, the ones that I know it's the by far the best. So
yeah, I'm on my point in one opinion, both of which I make like
20.
Um My point is good where you've got to be diligent but you can make money like buying things through their website like walmart dot com, that kind of stuff. And then you can do surveys. What hooks me is when a site at least gives you a little bit if you fail the survey, I'm starting the ones like you know, survey savvy by chance, you ever hear that one?
Okay. Once in a great while I'll try one of their surveys. But so often like I say you do 10 minutes worth of a survey where it says it's gonna be 15 minutes and you get kicked out after 10 and you get absolutely nothing for some fictitious drawing. Where and all they have to do is say there that you're entered into a drawing but you don't really ever hear about it. So. Yeah
but my points the surveys and one opinion those two at least you get a little bit for being kicked out the first five surveys anyway. And then um my points I make most of my money I think from walmart dot com once in a while amazon. But if you ever go on their websites you'll see um with amazon it's only certain things you buy, you get points for it and then eventually you cash in those points. So definitely not perfect. It takes diligence. So there's one called Yougov. Y. O. U. Gov. Ever hear that one. Yeah.
Oh no that one takes forever. But at least you're relatively guaranteed to qualify for their surveys. I probably make $100 in about a year and a half. But you don't have surveys by India, it's not every day it's they send you a survey maybe once or twice a week, sometimes more so but prolific. I mean it's every day I wasn't working so much, I'd make more off there but I'll take what I can get so I wish there was more, what do you call those like 45 minutes and you make $100 that I can't think of the word to that for that. Uh huh. Anyway it'll come to me but that's obviously more lucrative as opposed to like 50 cents here. A dollar here. It's.
Way
better than the same old. Like so many of the ones on other sites, it's a banking survey where to use your credit card and things like that, prolific. It's a lot more interesting. There's more variety. Pretty neat. Focus group is what I was trying to think
of
once
in
on.
pretty neat. Yeah I just cashed in like 20 bucks a little while ago. Yeah every bit helps. Okay good stuff. Oh let's see. I know there's others. Uh huh. Where did I? Somewhere? I saw a list where prolific was included and it was sites that are like prolific but I have long since forgotten what they were so I wouldn't mind looking that up again but I'm so busy with work just doing them prolific and a few others that's plenty for me. I need to get more exercise anyway, especially before the weather
turns
No.
that's the great thing about here. It's very temperate. The highs are we hit 80 a few times a year. Once in a great while 90 in the lows it's pretty rare that it goes under 20 so and even twenties are fairly rare a couple times a year so it's just nice the moderate attempts here.
Mhm. By 90 eight's way too hard. I was I was doing
yard
work
I think it got in the low seventies here today and I was complaining I did get a little bit of sun though. It's boy all day it's been sunny nice. This area has the reputation for being very rainy and it definitely is but it's overblown. It's especially this time of year it actually gets dry after the fourth of july my lawn every year starts to dry out so it gets better get out and play tennis and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm.
Okay. Hopefully it'll cool it off a bit. What's it like at night 65 or some?
Hm. Global warming can only under what texas has got. 110. Mhm.
huh. Arizona
yeah it's just great here boy we do get a lot of rain but still you you really do get used to it. I walk my dogs every day in the rain, I don't care, they need it and I need it, just get used to him. Mhm. So are you in high school or college?
What
are
you studying
public policy? Well mm. Right.
Mhm. Very neat. Yeah.
Right. I certainly wish you luck. Yeah
I
admire when I was your age. I had no idea what I wanted to do and I've shifted careers a few times and yeah a very well made again at some point yeah our work is very stressful boy health care, it's just hard to believe you'd think they'd know better that. Mhm. You know, stress is a big thing but it's very stressful. So little bit ironic that the health care industry promotes stress but oh well yeah, at some point I'd like to shift careers and go into something that's easier on the mind but get me off my but more and right stock shelves or something. We'll see. Maybe like the Humane Society. It was volunteering there would be applied for a job. Mm
Of course my dogs would get all angry. I came home smelling
like the dogs.
Yeah, very rewarding. Mm Just like people, I mean there's a lot of vulnerable and needing animals out there tough world can maybe with your public policy you'll make a difference.
Mhm.
you're
on
it.
Okay. I don't see any tracker but I can't imagine they would doctors for that. So, yeah, you said Emily.
What's
your name? Good track with family and
good luck
with everything.
Thank you. I'll wish you goodnight. So
I kill. Catch you later.