SPEAKER_L: sure. Yeah. Oh, okay. Right. Yeah. Everybody get up. Yeah, no problem. Mm hmm. Yes. Right. Yeah. Oh no, that's not it. Yeah. This is so I set up another interview today. So let's see if they show up. Yeah. Thank you. What do you like this? Perfect. Mm hmm. We're gonna make some rice and and some chicken. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hello? Real 20. Uh mhm Please. Mhm. Okay. Oh no. Hello? I can't hear
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: can,
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? There
SPEAKER_R: in the area.
SPEAKER_L: you go. I was like, I don't know if you were gonna show up.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, I just I assumed that it meant like, like right, at six, you know what I mean? So I'm like, I just literally like, I've done it once already with somebody else and then um you know, it was just like uh like at six I hit the, hit the button there, it is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's the best way because then they do it. My my son is here waving at you.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: five. He's five. Okay. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my kids are uh oh and their
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: rooms,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: they're having their screen
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: time right now, so
SPEAKER_L: he gets home. You could have a player. He gets home around three and then I only
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: take him to the park for an hour and then we will um, he has screen time from 4 to 5 and then his dad comes home and plays with him so right now he can't be here to get a cupcake before dinner. So I'm that kind of mom, I let him eat before dinner, but it's fine as long as he eats, I don't care, like I'm like just do what you gotta do. But he begged cakes two days ago, so he's been working diligently. I'm finishing them, he was upset and my husband for not eating them, he said, how come he didn't grab one in the morning? I'm like, well
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: he didn't want one. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, I mean, you know, it's kind of a specific thing to want in the morning and cupcakes. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: you know, but we didn't put any frosting or anything on them. It's just like,
SPEAKER_R: they're just
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're just a regular fun Fetty, you know, from the box. And so he was just like, he was disappointed in his dad and his dad. Like I don't understand the music. Sometimes he gets so upset at me for taking his stuff and other times he gets upset because I didn't take his stuff and I'm like, yeah, basically, I think because he actually made it himself and like he was proud of it, so I was like, dad, how come you didn't take it and taste my stuff, you know? To each throw? How was your day today?
SPEAKER_R: I mean it was okay. I um so right now, I'm basically at home, I'm furloughed from my job currently. Yeah, I'm like working from home,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I do
SPEAKER_L: don't know. It's impossible. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: amazon, mechanical turk which is sort of like prolific, I don't know if you know what that is, but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: What, what does it consist of?
SPEAKER_R: it is a crowd, it's like crowdsourced micro tasks. Um lots of like, it kind of depends like you can do a lot of different things. There's um data labeling for machine learning. So
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: it will basically like those are really like relatively inexpensive like hits or uh what you call um like human intelligence task is a hit. Um and then like the basically like um it's amazon has this platform where you just go and except
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: these tasks and do them for whatever sum of money they are and it's all it's all done virtually. And some of them are really crazy. A lot of surveys similar to prolific, I assume you're you do you know prolific surveys and things like that
SPEAKER_L: So I've been doing it for like a year now, I don't do it often, but like it adds up a little bit, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: like get some some cash in there, so it works out. These have been like the most paid ones. I've never had such big amounts. Like normally they're like 30 cents and like 10 cents, you know? But I'm like $15. I'm like, that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's not bad. Yeah, and then they pay you in pounds sterling, which is kind of interesting. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well I get my sent to paypal so it's really easy to convert it
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah same thing. Same here but um but yeah so like right now that's pretty much what I'm doing for work and then I stay home with the three kids and my apartment. My.
SPEAKER_L: in itself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is yeah my my partner she works on health care, specimen processing and other things
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: but that's her primary her primary job. Um And then
SPEAKER_L: Does
SPEAKER_R: uh I do.
SPEAKER_L: you see a lot of people or no?
SPEAKER_R: No no she does she's in contact with like people in the like she works in the lab mainly. She yeah she works in the lab and um basically just deals with um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: blood fluid, tissue samples, whatever the logistics of getting them around the hospital. Um Moving them from lab to lab if need be sending things out except
SPEAKER_L: So it's not like face to face contact that she has
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: know that
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: long.
SPEAKER_L: sick people or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: No not a lot of sick people know she's not indirect like patient care which is good.
SPEAKER_L: Right now it's perfect because it's like, it's always a scary time. Like one of our friends, he's a doctor and you know, like constantly all his posts on facebook. I just feel so bad for them. You know? I'm like, I'm so sorry. So it's just,
SPEAKER_R: I want the
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: truth.
SPEAKER_L: times are changing and you kinda gotta change with them in order to, you know, keep going forward. I would say. So like for example, right now, you know, you're at home, you're furloughed but you still got to get income, right? You guys still get your money and so you found different ways to bring it in. So I think that's great that those opportunities.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, it's it's kind of crazy and I mean like prior to this, you know I was working at a time I was a purchasing manager or I still am, I'm not actually laid off, I'm just you know there is no hours so they can't put me on the schedule but you know I I've gone back twice and then went back on furlough you know twice. But then like um yeah I work at a hotel hotel in Atlanta um a big hotel with a lot of convention space um And I managed the purchasing
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: of food, the bulk purchases and the inventory and I was a shop for years before that so I was chef for oh I don't know all cooking Considered all jobs. 15 years I guess. So yeah I moved into purchasing um you know as you know I was doing purchasing as a chef. But then yeah but then of course you know hospitality industry is um completely you know kind of at a standstill for the most part and a hotel as large desires can't really operate. Um So yeah just work is funny but it's okay you know we're not like in a bad way you know I'm very
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: fortunate to the.
SPEAKER_L: that you can see per night over there?
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: What's the occupancy look like every night over there?
SPEAKER_R: Oh gosh! I mean I know that they got in upwards of like 60-70% occupancy on weekends only though just with transient business and whatever kind of small meetings they were able to um provide. But I mean for the most part there's no like banquet business so you don't have groups really staying for a long period, it's all just transient um.
SPEAKER_L: with a city like Atlanta, you need that. Like I I completely understand. You know, I I did hospitality for 10 years of my life. I worked for high it for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. She worked I worked for the uh yeah
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna ask you, I'm like, are you on peach tree? But uh the high, well the one I went to the high in Atlanta, the one that has the, it's a, it has that thing. Oh my God, what is it called? Uh
SPEAKER_R: atrium and the elevator
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: number. Revolving restaurant.
SPEAKER_L: it's an atrium hotel. We did uh we did our training there are housekeeping training back in like 2000 and eight I would say 2000 and six. I can't remember. 1000. Wait, let me think. I got to go back to my CMT Day. So I had 2000 and six
SPEAKER_R: sam.
SPEAKER_L: and in 2000 and eight was when I was still in uh, in Minneapolis because I did my CMT in Long beach. Then I went over to Minneapolis and I went to Kentucky, then I went to florida and then I went back to Nebraska and open up the high place. So I I did it a little bit of everything. Um but yeah, so the hotel is nice. I just didn't like it because they, that was the first time I learned about jumpers and they're like, oh yeah, people jump all the time. And I'm like, what?
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah Clapping. Four times in the past four years that I've worked there. So that's any kind of yeah, you're right. I mean you know, you know apparently I mean it's a crazy hotel to work at. It's really crazy, it's really big and when it's busy it is like yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's really rough you know? But I mean there it's a pretty good organization, you know it's my first hotel job. I've only worked there for four years.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So you're pretty preview to it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you know I was the butcher at the hotel price for that, which was a really crazy job,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: never, I've never heard of a butcher at a hotel before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I replaced a guy that was working there for 40 two years.
SPEAKER_L: Fair enough. So I'm guessing that must be like, they must buy their meat like in bulk in order to be able to have a butcher.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean you know you have a banquet, you have a banquet of uh you know what The largest banquet that I ever cut for was 2300 people. So yeah, twenty three hundred six ounce portions of flat iron steak, which was the equivalent of about £975 of um you know the like the sub primal broken down in cryo bags and then I would just go through and I would cut them all to size and then take all the trim and grind it up for the cafeteria or whatever banquet functions and yeah, it was crazy. It was, it was, it was rough and I worked as a shark right here and a butcher prior to that. That's how I got the job. Um, so I was making, you know, doing all the smoked and cured meats. But
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: it was, it was
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: all like big batch, similarly production,
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: you know, processing thousands of pounds of meat a week and
SPEAKER_L: Well that's pretty cool. Like, so I'm not really good with a knife. I'm going to tell you that flat out, I'm pretty bad at it. But
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm like, I'm mexican, right? And I love cooking. Um era, so basically it's skirt steak, right? And I marinated in lime juice and salt, black pepper and beer and that's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: all. And then put it overnight and the next morning, you know, put it on the grill. You're good to go, well the local grocery store here in texas only sells it prepared already. So I'm like, I'm not gonna pay eight bucks a pound for something that I'm not gonna like unless I want to make in my own right? And they're like, well if you come back on the weekend, we might have some. So I went on a friday and he's like, it just got here. So it was still frozen. Well, I'm like, I'm like, I'm gonna have my party tomorrow, I'm going to buy it right now, let's go home. So I let it thought, and when I look at it, it's like this big chunk of meat right, with like all the fat on it. So I'm like, oh my God, what am I supposed to do? So it honestly took me two hours to clean £5 of meat. And like I'm sitting there and like I bought a new, like, let me show you that I bought, I bought a mice and knife, like a chef knife. You know, it's, it's been a little bit more than I normally get on them because I don't really care that much. But this one, I was like, I need a good one, you know? So I sat there and I cleaned it up and then I even called my grandma and face Time and she was making fun of me. She was like, yes, I mean seriously, you need to take that back and let them run it through the machine. So it'll be a lot easier.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Like no grandma, I'm already here, I've committed. So it was a learning experience. I'm never gonna do that again Because two hours is a long time to cut just £5 of meat.
SPEAKER_R: Got you. What's up neatly? Hold on,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: hold
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's OK. My daughter just came in. She's trying to show me some video she's watching.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, fair enough. You're like, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: like I'm making a video.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, it's it's probably what what kind of video is it lily? Yeah. Boneless pizza. Good from the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: pizza.
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: am.
SPEAKER_L: I had pizza with bones.
SPEAKER_R: I I don't know. I think she's about to show me though. What's up lily. Wait, just wait. I don't get it. I know that. Well, I don't think I would get it if the volume was on. Can you close the door so I don't have to listen to the tv out there.
SPEAKER_L: Are you guys doing being virtual learning?
SPEAKER_R: we are. Yeah, it's full time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: You're hearing they opened up the schools? Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, you're good.
SPEAKER_R: All right, sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. You're good. You're here in texas. They opened up the schools. So basically we had an option of doing virtual learning for nine weeks or sending them to school right away. So I chose doing virtual for nine weeks, but I kept making my child cry. So I was like, I think you should probably go to school. So I sent him the very first chance that I had and he's doing really well. So. But
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: you know, it kind of sucks for them because they have to wear their mask all day and they can't really play with one another. Like they can still play, but from afar, you know, they don't let them get too close to each other, which I think for him, it was more like the social aspect. Like we wanted to make sure that he because he's an only child, so we wanted to act with other kids and he, you know, practice on his speech because that's one thing that, you know, we've had issues with. So just overall was a good decision. But like I told my husband, I'm like, I'm always in the back of my mind, I'm always prepared for them to send them back home because they shut down again. You just got to be prepared, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean we've been I mean they haven't gone back since they let out in March earlier this year. Yeah my my kids have been at school at home since March but I mean I
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: was out of work by March by
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: mid Mark I guess so it kind of like everything kind of worked out and um it's
SPEAKER_L: So who's joined the ordering? Would it be the F and B. Director? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no the F. And B. Director at our hotel is basically worthless. Um Yeah unfortunately I mean I guess she's just not really very good at her job or she's not used to our hotel yet. I'm not really sure which one it is but
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: she just doesn't really have a real hands on. I think she's just got a foot out the door or something. I don't know I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: where does she come from? What hotel?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can't remember the last hotel she was at. I hope you don't like no the person
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: do. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: it's been more than five years since I've been in in the hotel world. So I don't know almost anybody anymore because honestly, like,
SPEAKER_R: she's been in, she's been at that hotel though, she already worked at the high down downtown in Atlanta um Once as I think she was the shit, I don't remember um It was not the FNB director, it was the outlets manager I think something like that which
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: is kind of a crazy job there too.
SPEAKER_L: here's the thing. Most hire people are lifers, right? Once they started Hyatt, they will probably stay just because overall from me going, because I switch back and forth, right? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for all I can tell you that high, it is probably one of the best managed companies that they have. The only thing is they don't pay. So you kind of have to figure out like what you're, so normally what they tell you is start off at a Hyatt train, get most of your knowledge in and then switch over because you have to leave it in order to get more money. And that is completely true. But like my my, you know my best managers that I've had the most training programs, they're totally top notch compared to other hotel companies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I like I like working for high it. I mean I kind of lucked out with how I came in. I kind of got hired on as a sushi chef because I've got all this, I've got experience um you know that just was a good fit for this particular job and just you know. But yeah, they don't really, I don't like the whole like the way that they do hourly um folks at the high like it's really they really put them through the bases. Uh
SPEAKER_L: be able to uh
SPEAKER_R: They just don't, like you said they don't really pay very well um and they overwork managers and supervisors to compensate for how much. Yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I used to work, so when I was at the one is Louisville um little Kentucky, so we had like the Kentucky derby and breeders cup in working 18 to 20 hours on those days, like per day was nothing unheard of, like everybody was expected to be there, like it doesn't matter if you were in sales, if you were in convention services, if you're at the front desk, however you're gonna be working for three days straight. And that's all like, they don't care. So, you know, the good thing was that my employees were all about it because they like doing that over time, right? The other people, they're like, well, I'm a manager, why am I working so many hours? It's like, well, you signed up for this trial if you want a great if not there's the door and that's how they are. Very honest with you, right? So you can have no other option. You're like, well, let me go ahead and work then. So But yeah, that's just the spot was and like, I can't like, the only thing I would say bad about it is that sometimes like they wouldn't hire the right people and that's what it would be like, man, like you're doing double the work because this person isn't cutting it and they just won't get rid of them and that's what come on guys, it's okay to admit that this person is not the right one for the job instead of making me work all these hours because I'm trying to make up for what they're doing. No, but overall I can't, like I started like as a C. M. T. Back in 2000 and five, I graduated 1005 I started in 2000 and six, started in february and I did the CNT program in Long Beach and then rotate it all around. You know, every single department. Um and I was like, I want to do rooms, you know, I want to, you know, I want to be front facing, I want to do this. My brother like, okay, so then while we were there, the Hyatt charlotte was shutting down and they're like, hey, we need you guys to send CMT s over here because all the managers are just jumping chip Because they weren't, they weren't like locating, relocating them, right? The ones that they did relocate, they did already, they were already done and the rest were just quitting. So they're like reading some help. So then they sent like 15 of us to go stay at this hotel for a month and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just shut it down. So like we're all like in their early 20's, never have managed to property, don't know what we're doing, right? So it was an interesting time to say the least, but we got it done. And then um well that was there, the director of rooms, he was getting transferred to Minneapolis and we got along really well. So when my program was up in Long Beach, basically, once you're done with the CMT program, you're supposed to have an open position for you, right? Like generally people leave, the hotel managers leave and then you get that job. No one was leaving Long Beach. It's a beautiful property. It's right up. It's like, like it's really chill. Like the rooms director was freaking awesome. So was the Gm nobody was going to leave. So I was like, I need to, you know, put my degree into, into work. So I'm like, I called the guy in um, in Minneapolis and I was like, hey, do you remember me? So I kind of need a job and I see that you have an assistant front office manager position open. He's like, yeah, come on. So I interviewed with him on monday and then my husband blowing me a kiss and like some banana on Wednesday interviewed with his front office manager and I moved there on sunday. So they don't know if you ever heard high it stands for, but it's have your ass there tomorrow. That's what it stands for. And that's basically what it was. So I was like, packed up my bags and left. So I made it over there. I spent two years. I did um the front desk for how long for like eight months. And then they promoted me to upstairs for housekeeping. And I was there for like a year and two months and then my Gm hated me. I mean like we get along. All right. So it was like, uh my room's director was like, it's mean, I love you and we need to get you out of here because I don't want you to get fired, basically. Came down to, so I was like, okay. So I left and you know, I left and I went down to Louisville and I worked at the height there. Uh and then I did a front office manager for three years and like the manager that was that the Gm loved me. Like clay Clay Spencer was named wonderful guy willing to teach you whatever you wanted. But then you freaking quit. When I went to go to south, I went to go to south to go open up a higher there. And when I came back there was this new lady who, oh my God, did not like me at all. She lived down property. I think she actually in Atlanta one time in her life. Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah wasn't kelly was it?
SPEAKER_L: No, her name is Donna. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: no you know? Yeah I haven't
SPEAKER_L: kelly. What? You're trying to make sure
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: brought
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: up or you know just to see like oh God no don't tell me it's not that person. Well
SPEAKER_L: So you see, you know how, how, how difficult it is right? Because yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean Right
SPEAKER_L: you're like the Gm bad name will follow you wherever you are, So but you know, so it was just kind of like it was a learning experience and then I, once I was finally ready to get married, settle down and have a child. I was like, yeah, I can't do this in hospitality, you know, not the hours that I was working, So I started working in the sales department for a small Hilton garden inn and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I liked it, I enjoyed it. But oh my God, the director of sales was a trip, like she would make people cry on a, on a daily basis, like she loved it and I'm like, yeah, I don't need this kind of responsibility. Well they bought two more hotels within the area and they expected me to do the same amount of sales for each hotel, but they were going to pay me the same, so it was like my quota just went up by three, right, three times the amount. And they're like, yeah, but you don't get a race and like what? So I
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: called
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: my uncle and I was like, hey, I understand that you're you have a job opening at your company, can I get it? And he was like, sure I got it. So my left a hospitality world for payroll
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: world and I've been there ever since. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And what's up?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I think, I think once, you know, hopefully Covid goes away, you'll get, you know, called back in. But for
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and it's kind of hard because being furloughed, you can't really go and find another job because technically you're still working right? Like they pay your benefits I guess unless you have them
SPEAKER_R: Already?
SPEAKER_L: with your Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they they've been paying the benefits and it's like I go in just like as a support
SPEAKER_L: Seven.
SPEAKER_R: role at this point. I mean and when you when you asked the question earlier, like who's who's doing the ordering? And it's not yeah, it's not the FNB director because both the F and B. Director and the assistant, like her junior are just I mean, they're just not really
SPEAKER_L: thanks. You're like, they're just done.
SPEAKER_R: well, I don't want to say that because that's not that's not really I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I am.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, they're just they act like they haven't been in the business for a very long time. And it's like I um I don't know like it was it was really crazy. We had, you know, we hosted the we hosted the Patriots for the Super Bowl with uh was that this I don't actually follow sports very closely. So I'm just like thinking back, was it two years ago? Um uh Saints and yeah, Saints and Patriots, Yeah, two years ago or whatever anyway. But yeah, that was that was a crazy experience because it was they basically just weren't, I mean they tried to get me to order alcohol in addition to all the food and you know, it was like, I mean the director of purchasing is kind of really good at passing a lot of his job off to me and I have to work with finance and do a lot of um like receiving and confirming doing a lot of the like the paperwork, um processing invoices. Uh and then like um you know, doing all the ordering and all the inventory and then putting it all away. That's the fun thing because for a hotel us
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: large is our,
SPEAKER_L: can just imagine
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: your pages uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's 10 pallets and then I have, I have multiple storerooms which is really crazy to deal with. It's like we have a massive paper store room that has like palette um like pallet shelving and then we have like a beverage and like retail and like snacks for the market store room. And then we have the main food store room and then we have a loading dock freezer and then we have a fever and the main kitchen floor which is like the main freezer. It's like it's really crazy because the whole place is just like,
SPEAKER_L: awful.
SPEAKER_R: it's just
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine on like receiving days, everything is like everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's rough but I mean I you know I'm no I like it and I'm good at it and I'm good at kind of like imposing um the kind of order that's needed, you know when I have to go back, it's really rough because everything just looks terrible
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: because it's basically just the chef, the step in like two of his sushi chefs that rotate on and off, that have to manage all the food ordering now. Uh in addition to any like food related paper and plastic ordering and then like like I said the director of like FNB director and her assistant are just kind of
SPEAKER_L: They're just there
SPEAKER_R: pretty much but I mean you know they're kind of close to the
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know the chopping block, they're not really, there's not enough for them to do. There's no banquets, there's no special events to coordinate, so they're just kind of you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: surprised I still have a mom, honestly.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you know I think that it wasn't for transient business and the fact that that now two of the outlets
SPEAKER_L: Open.
SPEAKER_R: have like minimal minimal hours though, like they do breakfast on the weekends and like our main three square a day restaurant and then they do dinner and um dinner and like like lunch I think on Sundays now at the bar and grill. So I mean of course the fine dining place on the roof is not open. There's no banquets really, there's meetings. So I mean there's meetings in the market, you know? So like
SPEAKER_L: They're able to justify their paycheck if they do have some stuff coming in, you know,
SPEAKER_R: basically,
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: I mean they're running like linen carts and you know they're doing like all the other stuff to make up for the fact that there's they
SPEAKER_L: nothing for them to do
SPEAKER_R: no well yeah there's nothing for them to do and then like it's gotten busy enough to where you know, they can't afford to bring on a lot of hourly staff so they, you know like you know managers do it so.
SPEAKER_L: now and that's how it is in Louisville, like the front desk basically is being run by um the conventions director and the restaurant, one of the convention services managers is like a bartender because you know what, she's full time and she's salaried, Right, so they just pay her salary and she does everything like. So the thing is I think she gets to keep the tips so that works out for her, right? But I feel bad because how many hours is she there? I don't know. You know, like where do they cut it off? So Yeah. Well, it was awesome talking to you though. I'm you know, hopefully they get you know back in there so you can go back and clean up all your space because I can just imagine everyone to walk into a nightmare. No, nothing is where it's supposed to be. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I I went back like well I guess three weeks ago now so that's when I went back. I was like basically there to clean and get them ready for an inspection and do ordering so chef could focus on the inspection. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well, that was very nice of you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah something you know it was something you know and my name is Hunter by the way, I don't know how you feel about anonymity. I promise. I'm not like some weird hacker or something
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Me nice to meet you. Hunter it
SPEAKER_R: there as well in your
SPEAKER_L: up. Another one. They might put us together again. So I look forward to it.
SPEAKER_R: alright, well take it easy and have a good night
SPEAKER_L: You too. Take care. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: if I.