they
can,
in the area.
Well, yeah, I just I assumed that it meant like, like right, at six, you know what I mean? So I'm like, I just literally like, I've done it once already with somebody else and then um you know, it was just like uh like at six I hit the, hit the button there, it is.
Uh huh Uh huh
yeah, my kids are uh oh and their
rooms,
they're having their screen
time right now, so
and
What?
Well, yeah, I mean, you know, it's kind of a specific thing to want in the morning and cupcakes. Yeah
they're just
I mean it was okay. I um so right now, I'm basically at home, I'm furloughed from my job currently. Yeah, I'm like working from home,
I do
amazon, mechanical turk which is sort of like prolific, I don't know if you know what that is, but
now
it is a crowd, it's like crowdsourced micro tasks. Um lots of like, it kind of depends like you can do a lot of different things. There's um data labeling for machine learning. So
it will basically like those are really like relatively inexpensive like hits or uh what you call um like human intelligence task is a hit. Um and then like the basically like um it's amazon has this platform where you just go and except
these tasks and do them for whatever sum of money they are and it's all it's all done virtually. And some of them are really crazy. A lot of surveys similar to prolific, I assume you're you do you know prolific surveys and things like that
in.
it's not bad. Yeah, and then they pay you in pounds sterling, which is kind of interesting. Um
we
heard
it. Yeah same thing. Same here but um but yeah so like right now that's pretty much what I'm doing for work and then I stay home with the three kids and my apartment. My.
it is yeah my my partner she works on health care, specimen processing and other things
but that's her primary her primary job. Um And then
uh I do.
No no she does she's in contact with like people in the like she works in the lab mainly. She yeah she works in the lab and um basically just deals with um
blood fluid, tissue samples, whatever the logistics of getting them around the hospital. Um Moving them from lab to lab if need be sending things out except
you
know that
long.
No not a lot of sick people know she's not indirect like patient care which is good.
I want the
truth.
No. Yeah, it's it's kind of crazy and I mean like prior to this, you know I was working at a time I was a purchasing manager or I still am, I'm not actually laid off, I'm just you know there is no hours so they can't put me on the schedule but you know I I've gone back twice and then went back on furlough you know twice. But then like um yeah I work at a hotel hotel in Atlanta um a big hotel with a lot of convention space um And I managed the purchasing
of food, the bulk purchases and the inventory and I was a shop for years before that so I was chef for oh I don't know all cooking Considered all jobs. 15 years I guess. So yeah I moved into purchasing um you know as you know I was doing purchasing as a chef. But then yeah but then of course you know hospitality industry is um completely you know kind of at a standstill for the most part and a hotel as large desires can't really operate. Um So yeah just work is funny but it's okay you know we're not like in a bad way you know I'm very
fortunate to the.
What's that?
Oh gosh! I mean I know that they got in upwards of like 60-70% occupancy on weekends only though just with transient business and whatever kind of small meetings they were able to um provide. But I mean for the most part there's no like banquet business so you don't have groups really staying for a long period, it's all just transient um.
Oh my god. She worked I worked for the uh yeah
atrium and the elevator
number. Revolving restaurant.
sam.
No. Yeah Clapping. Four times in the past four years that I've worked there. So that's any kind of yeah, you're right. I mean you know, you know apparently I mean it's a crazy hotel to work at. It's really crazy, it's really big and when it's busy it is like yeah
it's it's really rough you know? But I mean there it's a pretty good organization, you know it's my first hotel job. I've only worked there for four years.
Yeah you know I was the butcher at the hotel price for that, which was a really crazy job,
you know?
Yeah. I replaced a guy that was working there for 40 two years.
Yeah. Well I mean you know you have a banquet, you have a banquet of uh you know what The largest banquet that I ever cut for was 2300 people. So yeah, twenty three hundred six ounce portions of flat iron steak, which was the equivalent of about £975 of um you know the like the sub primal broken down in cryo bags and then I would just go through and I would cut them all to size and then take all the trim and grind it up for the cafeteria or whatever banquet functions and yeah, it was crazy. It was, it was, it was rough and I worked as a shark right here and a butcher prior to that. That's how I got the job. Um, so I was making, you know, doing all the smoked and cured meats. But
it was, it was
all like big batch, similarly production,
you know, processing thousands of pounds of meat a week and
I am.
No.
No.
Got you. What's up neatly? Hold on,
hold
on.
No, it's OK. My daughter just came in. She's trying to show me some video she's watching.
Thanks.
Yeah. No, it's it's probably what what kind of video is it lily? Yeah. Boneless pizza. Good from the
pizza.
I
am.
I I don't know. I think she's about to show me though. What's up lily. Wait, just wait. I don't get it. I know that. Well, I don't think I would get it if the volume was on. Can you close the door so I don't have to listen to the tv out there.
we are. Yeah, it's full time. Yeah.
What?
Oh, sorry.
All right, sorry about that.
Good.
Yeah I mean we've been I mean they haven't gone back since they let out in March earlier this year. Yeah my my kids have been at school at home since March but I mean I
was out of work by March by
mid Mark I guess so it kind of like everything kind of worked out and um it's
no the F. And B. Director at our hotel is basically worthless. Um Yeah unfortunately I mean I guess she's just not really very good at her job or she's not used to our hotel yet. I'm not really sure which one it is but
she just doesn't really have a real hands on. I think she's just got a foot out the door or something. I don't know I'm not sure.
Yeah I can't remember the last hotel she was at. I hope you don't like no the person
but
you.
Yeah, I know.
she's been in, she's been at that hotel though, she already worked at the high down downtown in Atlanta um Once as I think she was the shit, I don't remember um It was not the FNB director, it was the outlets manager I think something like that which
is kind of a crazy job there too.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I like I like working for high it. I mean I kind of lucked out with how I came in. I kind of got hired on as a sushi chef because I've got all this, I've got experience um you know that just was a good fit for this particular job and just you know. But yeah, they don't really, I don't like the whole like the way that they do hourly um folks at the high like it's really they really put them through the bases. Uh
They just don't, like you said they don't really pay very well um and they overwork managers and supervisors to compensate for how much. Yeah. Oh yeah.
No.
yeah wasn't kelly was it?
no you know? Yeah I haven't
I
just
brought
up or you know just to see like oh God no don't tell me it's not that person. Well
I mean Right
No.
That's
crazy.
Good
And what's up?
All
Already?
Yeah, they they've been paying the benefits and it's like I go in just like as a support
role at this point. I mean and when you when you asked the question earlier, like who's who's doing the ordering? And it's not yeah, it's not the FNB director because both the F and B. Director and the assistant, like her junior are just I mean, they're just not really
well, I don't want to say that because that's not that's not really I mean,
I don't know, they're just they act like they haven't been in the business for a very long time. And it's like I um I don't know like it was it was really crazy. We had, you know, we hosted the we hosted the Patriots for the Super Bowl with uh was that this I don't actually follow sports very closely. So I'm just like thinking back, was it two years ago? Um uh Saints and yeah, Saints and Patriots, Yeah, two years ago or whatever anyway. But yeah, that was that was a crazy experience because it was they basically just weren't, I mean they tried to get me to order alcohol in addition to all the food and you know, it was like, I mean the director of purchasing is kind of really good at passing a lot of his job off to me and I have to work with finance and do a lot of um like receiving and confirming doing a lot of the like the paperwork, um processing invoices. Uh and then like um you know, doing all the ordering and all the inventory and then putting it all away. That's the fun thing because for a hotel us
large is our,
you know,
Yeah, it's 10 pallets and then I have, I have multiple storerooms which is really crazy to deal with. It's like we have a massive paper store room that has like palette um like pallet shelving and then we have like a beverage and like retail and like snacks for the market store room. And then we have the main food store room and then we have a loading dock freezer and then we have a fever and the main kitchen floor which is like the main freezer. It's like it's really crazy because the whole place is just like,
it's just
Yeah it's rough but I mean I you know I'm no I like it and I'm good at it and I'm good at kind of like imposing um the kind of order that's needed, you know when I have to go back, it's really rough because everything just looks terrible
because it's basically just the chef, the step in like two of his sushi chefs that rotate on and off, that have to manage all the food ordering now. Uh in addition to any like food related paper and plastic ordering and then like like I said the director of like FNB director and her assistant are just kind of
pretty much but I mean you know they're kind of close to the
you
know the chopping block, they're not really, there's not enough for them to do. There's no banquets, there's no special events to coordinate, so they're just kind of you
know?
I mean you know I think that it wasn't for transient business and the fact that that now two of the outlets
have like minimal minimal hours though, like they do breakfast on the weekends and like our main three square a day restaurant and then they do dinner and um dinner and like like lunch I think on Sundays now at the bar and grill. So I mean of course the fine dining place on the roof is not open. There's no banquets really, there's meetings. So I mean there's meetings in the market, you know? So like
basically,
I mean they're running like linen carts and you know they're doing like all the other stuff to make up for the fact that there's they
no well yeah there's nothing for them to do and then like it's gotten busy enough to where you know, they can't afford to bring on a lot of hourly staff so they, you know like you know managers do it so.
Yeah. I mean I I went back like well I guess three weeks ago now so that's when I went back. I was like basically there to clean and get them ready for an inspection and do ordering so chef could focus on the inspection. Um
Yeah something you know it was something you know and my name is Hunter by the way, I don't know how you feel about anonymity. I promise. I'm not like some weird hacker or something
like that.
there as well in your
alright, well take it easy and have a good night
if I.