sure. Yeah. Oh, okay. Right. Yeah. Everybody get up. Yeah, no problem. Mm hmm. Yes. Right. Yeah. Oh no, that's not it. Yeah. This is so I set up another interview today. So let's see if they show up. Yeah. Thank you. What do you like this? Perfect. Mm hmm. We're gonna make some rice and and some chicken. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hello? Real 20. Uh mhm Please. Mhm. Okay. Oh no. Hello? I can't hear
him.
Can you hear me? There
you go. I was like, I don't know if you were gonna show up.
Yeah. It's the best way because then they do it. My my son is here waving at you.
five. He's five. Okay. Uh huh.
Thank
you.
No.
he gets home. You could have a player. He gets home around three and then I only
take him to the park for an hour and then we will um, he has screen time from 4 to 5 and then his dad comes home and plays with him so right now he can't be here to get a cupcake before dinner. So I'm that kind of mom, I let him eat before dinner, but it's fine as long as he eats, I don't care, like I'm like just do what you gotta do. But he begged cakes two days ago, so he's been working diligently. I'm finishing them, he was upset and my husband for not eating them, he said, how come he didn't grab one in the morning? I'm like, well
he didn't want one. Well,
you know, but we didn't put any frosting or anything on them. It's just like,
yeah, they're just a regular fun Fetty, you know, from the box. And so he was just like, he was disappointed in his dad and his dad. Like I don't understand the music. Sometimes he gets so upset at me for taking his stuff and other times he gets upset because I didn't take his stuff and I'm like, yeah, basically, I think because he actually made it himself and like he was proud of it, so I was like, dad, how come you didn't take it and taste my stuff, you know? To each throw? How was your day today?
I
don't know. It's impossible. Mhm.
No.
What, what does it consist of?
Thank you.
What?
So I've been doing it for like a year now, I don't do it often, but like it adds up a little bit, you know? So
like get some some cash in there, so it works out. These have been like the most paid ones. I've never had such big amounts. Like normally they're like 30 cents and like 10 cents, you know? But I'm like $15. I'm like, that's cool. Yeah.
Well I get my sent to paypal so it's really easy to convert it
just
like
in itself. Yeah.
Bye.
Does
you see a lot of people or no?
Mhm. Uh huh.
So it's not like face to face contact that she has
with
all
sick people or anything like that.
Right now it's perfect because it's like, it's always a scary time. Like one of our friends, he's a doctor and you know, like constantly all his posts on facebook. I just feel so bad for them. You know? I'm like, I'm so sorry. So it's just,
it's
times are changing and you kinda gotta change with them in order to, you know, keep going forward. I would say. So like for example, right now, you know, you're at home, you're furloughed but you still got to get income, right? You guys still get your money and so you found different ways to bring it in. So I think that's great that those opportunities.
All
What's
that you can see per night over there?
What's the occupancy look like every night over there?
with a city like Atlanta, you need that. Like I I completely understand. You know, I I did hospitality for 10 years of my life. I worked for high it for a long time.
I was gonna ask you, I'm like, are you on peach tree? But uh the high, well the one I went to the high in Atlanta, the one that has the, it's a, it has that thing. Oh my God, what is it called? Uh
It's
it's an atrium hotel. We did uh we did our training there are housekeeping training back in like 2000 and eight I would say 2000 and six. I can't remember. 1000. Wait, let me think. I got to go back to my CMT Day. So I had 2000 and six
and in 2000 and eight was when I was still in uh, in Minneapolis because I did my CMT in Long beach. Then I went over to Minneapolis and I went to Kentucky, then I went to florida and then I went back to Nebraska and open up the high place. So I I did it a little bit of everything. Um but yeah, so the hotel is nice. I just didn't like it because they, that was the first time I learned about jumpers and they're like, oh yeah, people jump all the time. And I'm like, what?
Mhm.
Okay. So you're pretty preview to it.
I
never, I've never heard of a butcher at a hotel before.
Fair enough. So I'm guessing that must be like, they must buy their meat like in bulk in order to be able to have a butcher.
true.
If
me,
Well that's pretty cool. Like, so I'm not really good with a knife. I'm going to tell you that flat out, I'm pretty bad at it. But
so I'm like, I'm mexican, right? And I love cooking. Um era, so basically it's skirt steak, right? And I marinated in lime juice and salt, black pepper and beer and that's
all. And then put it overnight and the next morning, you know, put it on the grill. You're good to go, well the local grocery store here in texas only sells it prepared already. So I'm like, I'm not gonna pay eight bucks a pound for something that I'm not gonna like unless I want to make in my own right? And they're like, well if you come back on the weekend, we might have some. So I went on a friday and he's like, it just got here. So it was still frozen. Well, I'm like, I'm like, I'm gonna have my party tomorrow, I'm going to buy it right now, let's go home. So I let it thought, and when I look at it, it's like this big chunk of meat right, with like all the fat on it. So I'm like, oh my God, what am I supposed to do? So it honestly took me two hours to clean £5 of meat. And like I'm sitting there and like I bought a new, like, let me show you that I bought, I bought a mice and knife, like a chef knife. You know, it's, it's been a little bit more than I normally get on them because I don't really care that much. But this one, I was like, I need a good one, you know? So I sat there and I cleaned it up and then I even called my grandma and face Time and she was making fun of me. She was like, yes, I mean seriously, you need to take that back and let them run it through the machine. So it'll be a lot easier.
Like no grandma, I'm already here, I've committed. So it was a learning experience. I'm never gonna do that again Because two hours is a long time to cut just £5 of meat.
No,
I got
it.
Oh, fair enough. You're like, I mean
like I'm making a video.
I
don't
think
I had pizza with bones.
Are you guys doing being virtual learning?
Yeah.
You're hearing they opened up the schools? Uh Yeah.
Oh no, you're good.
I don't know. You're good. You're here in texas. They opened up the schools. So basically we had an option of doing virtual learning for nine weeks or sending them to school right away. So I chose doing virtual for nine weeks, but I kept making my child cry. So I was like, I think you should probably go to school. So I sent him the very first chance that I had and he's doing really well. So. But
you know, it kind of sucks for them because they have to wear their mask all day and they can't really play with one another. Like they can still play, but from afar, you know, they don't let them get too close to each other, which I think for him, it was more like the social aspect. Like we wanted to make sure that he because he's an only child, so we wanted to act with other kids and he, you know, practice on his speech because that's one thing that, you know, we've had issues with. So just overall was a good decision. But like I told my husband, I'm like, I'm always in the back of my mind, I'm always prepared for them to send them back home because they shut down again. You just got to be prepared, you know?
Good.
What?
So who's joined the ordering? Would it be the F and B. Director? Yeah.
And
where does she come from? What hotel?
I
probably
do. So
it's been more than five years since I've been in in the hotel world. So I don't know almost anybody anymore because honestly, like,
Well,
here's the thing. Most hire people are lifers, right? Once they started Hyatt, they will probably stay just because overall from me going, because I switch back and forth, right? Uh
for all I can tell you that high, it is probably one of the best managed companies that they have. The only thing is they don't pay. So you kind of have to figure out like what you're, so normally what they tell you is start off at a Hyatt train, get most of your knowledge in and then switch over because you have to leave it in order to get more money. And that is completely true. But like my my, you know my best managers that I've had the most training programs, they're totally top notch compared to other hotel companies.
be able to uh
I used to work, so when I was at the one is Louisville um little Kentucky, so we had like the Kentucky derby and breeders cup in working 18 to 20 hours on those days, like per day was nothing unheard of, like everybody was expected to be there, like it doesn't matter if you were in sales, if you were in convention services, if you're at the front desk, however you're gonna be working for three days straight. And that's all like, they don't care. So, you know, the good thing was that my employees were all about it because they like doing that over time, right? The other people, they're like, well, I'm a manager, why am I working so many hours? It's like, well, you signed up for this trial if you want a great if not there's the door and that's how they are. Very honest with you, right? So you can have no other option. You're like, well, let me go ahead and work then. So But yeah, that's just the spot was and like, I can't like, the only thing I would say bad about it is that sometimes like they wouldn't hire the right people and that's what it would be like, man, like you're doing double the work because this person isn't cutting it and they just won't get rid of them and that's what come on guys, it's okay to admit that this person is not the right one for the job instead of making me work all these hours because I'm trying to make up for what they're doing. No, but overall I can't, like I started like as a C. M. T. Back in 2000 and five, I graduated 1005 I started in 2000 and six, started in february and I did the CNT program in Long Beach and then rotate it all around. You know, every single department. Um and I was like, I want to do rooms, you know, I want to, you know, I want to be front facing, I want to do this. My brother like, okay, so then while we were there, the Hyatt charlotte was shutting down and they're like, hey, we need you guys to send CMT s over here because all the managers are just jumping chip Because they weren't, they weren't like locating, relocating them, right? The ones that they did relocate, they did already, they were already done and the rest were just quitting. So they're like reading some help. So then they sent like 15 of us to go stay at this hotel for a month and
just shut it down. So like we're all like in their early 20's, never have managed to property, don't know what we're doing, right? So it was an interesting time to say the least, but we got it done. And then um well that was there, the director of rooms, he was getting transferred to Minneapolis and we got along really well. So when my program was up in Long Beach, basically, once you're done with the CMT program, you're supposed to have an open position for you, right? Like generally people leave, the hotel managers leave and then you get that job. No one was leaving Long Beach. It's a beautiful property. It's right up. It's like, like it's really chill. Like the rooms director was freaking awesome. So was the Gm nobody was going to leave. So I was like, I need to, you know, put my degree into, into work. So I'm like, I called the guy in um, in Minneapolis and I was like, hey, do you remember me? So I kind of need a job and I see that you have an assistant front office manager position open. He's like, yeah, come on. So I interviewed with him on monday and then my husband blowing me a kiss and like some banana on Wednesday interviewed with his front office manager and I moved there on sunday. So they don't know if you ever heard high it stands for, but it's have your ass there tomorrow. That's what it stands for. And that's basically what it was. So I was like, packed up my bags and left. So I made it over there. I spent two years. I did um the front desk for how long for like eight months. And then they promoted me to upstairs for housekeeping. And I was there for like a year and two months and then my Gm hated me. I mean like we get along. All right. So it was like, uh my room's director was like, it's mean, I love you and we need to get you out of here because I don't want you to get fired, basically. Came down to, so I was like, okay. So I left and you know, I left and I went down to Louisville and I worked at the height there. Uh and then I did a front office manager for three years and like the manager that was that the Gm loved me. Like clay Clay Spencer was named wonderful guy willing to teach you whatever you wanted. But then you freaking quit. When I went to go to south, I went to go to south to go open up a higher there. And when I came back there was this new lady who, oh my God, did not like me at all. She lived down property. I think she actually in Atlanta one time in her life. Um
No, her name is Donna. Yeah,
kelly. What? You're trying to make sure
I don't
know
that.
So you see, you know how, how, how difficult it is right? Because yeah,
you're like the Gm bad name will follow you wherever you are, So but you know, so it was just kind of like it was a learning experience and then I, once I was finally ready to get married, settle down and have a child. I was like, yeah, I can't do this in hospitality, you know, not the hours that I was working, So I started working in the sales department for a small Hilton garden inn and
I liked it, I enjoyed it. But oh my God, the director of sales was a trip, like she would make people cry on a, on a daily basis, like she loved it and I'm like, yeah, I don't need this kind of responsibility. Well they bought two more hotels within the area and they expected me to do the same amount of sales for each hotel, but they were going to pay me the same, so it was like my quota just went up by three, right, three times the amount. And they're like, yeah, but you don't get a race and like what? So I
called
my uncle and I was like, hey, I understand that you're you have a job opening at your company, can I get it? And he was like, sure I got it. So my left a hospitality world for payroll
world and I've been there ever since. So Yeah.
Yeah. So I think, I think once, you know, hopefully Covid goes away, you'll get, you know, called back in. But for
and it's kind of hard because being furloughed, you can't really go and find another job because technically you're still working right? Like they pay your benefits I guess unless you have them
with your Yeah.
Seven.
thanks. You're like, they're just done.
Well, I am.
I
can just imagine
your pages uh
awful.
I can imagine on like receiving days, everything is like everywhere.
Just
They're just there
and
you
I'm
surprised I still have a mom, honestly.
Open.
They're able to justify their paycheck if they do have some stuff coming in, you know,
it's like
nothing for them to do
now and that's how it is in Louisville, like the front desk basically is being run by um the conventions director and the restaurant, one of the convention services managers is like a bartender because you know what, she's full time and she's salaried, Right, so they just pay her salary and she does everything like. So the thing is I think she gets to keep the tips so that works out for her, right? But I feel bad because how many hours is she there? I don't know. You know, like where do they cut it off? So Yeah. Well, it was awesome talking to you though. I'm you know, hopefully they get you know back in there so you can go back and clean up all your space because I can just imagine everyone to walk into a nightmare. No, nothing is where it's supposed to be. Right.
Well, that was very nice of you.
I'm
Yes. Me nice to meet you. Hunter it
up. Another one. They might put us together again. So I look forward to it.
You too. Take care. Bye.