Yeah. Hi. Oh, mm right, okay. Right. Mhm.
Hello? So okay.
All
right. Yes I can. Can you hear me? Okay, perfect. How are you?
Pretty much same now. It's nine, wow.
Oh, that's so nice like here, but that's okay.
wow. I heard the school of my clothes though. I'm from massachusetts so our cases are going. Yeah.
that's true. Yeah, I'm afraid of we like start going out. It's gonna start going up again though.
Oh yeah, florida's unfortunate touch.
No, that's like that's really bad because they're all older now.
that's so cool. Are you originally from California?
Okay. How
do you like? No? Yeah,
Yeah,
I like that because I moved from Connecticut originally from Connecticut.
I
like
the car.
Yes. Yeah. So I had the car area or I had a car and then I moved here and I love not having a car. Yeah,
it's not that bad. So I was in like more of the suburb area or the rural area so better. But if we drove up to the capital or like one of the city's it was pretty stressful.
It's not too too exciting. There's a lot of history there.
Honey
history and then we have heart bread city. So that's kind of exciting. There's a Children's museum. That's a bad. Uh huh.
Would we have like submarines and I can acquire interesting.
of Connecticut where I'm from.
We have
a lot of that stuff. Yeah.
To work
for
college, like the state college. So nothing exciting.
That's true. Yeah we had that. It's good. It's easy to go back home I guess. That's nice form. And then I just moved here for a job over in boston one
september of last year.
I look at a lot. I moved here because I wanted to experience the city Connecticut right? Group is nothing like the city. So
yeah it's nice. It's definitely really nice but now about home all the time. So
I
don't know.
Yeah I like I do like working from home and honestly like not having that morning commute. That's a because my community used to be an hour or so.
now I get an extra hour of sleep and I'm really happy.
Oh gosh yes. So it's rough. I feel like they make here in California. It's like they make the prices up but like the parking
I
was still
It's still 90 actually. Yeah
that's
not.
And yeah. Yeah not 100 yet, Parking is that bad if you were to like park in the city without like a monthly fast. It's so scary because it's like $40 a day.
Yeah. So then I like never driving, I just take the training.
I did it. So I live with my boyfriend. My boyfriend has his car. Okay.
And
left
our idea. Yeah. Do you drive in California?
and no, I felt I feel like California shit. But yeah, no I don't care people using the public transportation system but it's like a city. So I thought you guys
Okay.
Okay so you need a car in California then? Yeah.
No I haven't. I want to go
and
well I like the san Francisco L. A. No we'll
explain.
I've been to Vancouver those that's part of the west coast. Yeah.
Why definitely.
I feel like I should do that. I think it's a mistake couple days.
I definitely want to visit. I'm so scared to like book a plane ticket. I was looking at that today.
Like
I have
so many days off that I don't get to use
just like, you know, like how did you
say it? Like,
but then I was afraid to book the tickets just looked on dating
this morning.
Yeah, it's, I hope so.
It's definitely interesting. I feel like I hear so many mixed news and I'm like, okay,
like,
well, trump is always like so positive
and that's then the health officials are like, no, no, we're not done yet. This is worse than ever. I was like, okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
And
if,
Uh
and then, and
I say
that,
no, you know, what were you saying?
Oh, not to say that. Like the stimulus package, everything so confusing.
No,
I don't know actually because I'm going to mail in absentee for Connecticut. Mm It's so odd. I'm not like
officially registered in massachusetts or something because whenever
I apply for like any official things, I have to use my old address. Wow.
And
so we're,
you
know, you do have to give up your old States license because I don't think you can hold two state licenses or like driver license. They never thought about like the official, Huh? That makes sense though because I didn't move my driver's license. Silver.
And then I'm also like, I guess I'm ranching here. So I was like, I'm not even sure I'm going to stay here
for like that long. I think it's not worth it. Everything gets like routed back home now. And so funny. Yeah,
I talked and so I actually talked about how to use like a cell phone. So let's just take a picture of my mail and I like
try
to deal
with
virtually.
It's pretty interesting. Yeah. And then like I applied for a credit card but I don't have it like physically I just have it on like Apple Pay. Because I
yeah, so we made it work.
So I can get it handed off to me. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
not
not California or anything.
Yeah. I definitely I just wish and you went it would be over. Whoa,
that's it.
Other countries have it. Okay.
Uh huh. That part's really sad.
I wouldn't I don't even know what happened. I'm so comfy. Is everything just happened so fast in March?
Well
Started, remember? It was like March, maybe March 20, something like the late March. It was when we announced like our state emergency. And then the day after our jobs were like okay go home and work for home for the next two weeks.
Yeah. And I'm like thinking back like what in the world just like happened? Yeah.
Bye.
Yeah. You guys got better at one point, right?
God, when was it? Oh man. Was it just like too fast or
maybe
this
into my, okay.
Well
mm, he's unlucky massachusetts. It's like at least meyer is pretty good
mask. Yeah. I didn't know California was not about the mass too. I thought they were pretty.
That
may
be
Oh yes, I have.
It's interesting. That might be hot. I wonder if the massacre. Big thing because maybe that's not like the other countries got under control. I don't know.
Man. Even in the other countries shut down, We shut down. I feel like we also like shut down semi, I don't know. I don't know what happened to us.
Good. That's really true. And schools are opening soon. This is all like
look physically or virtually.
No social interesting. That's not good.
That's a big big population.
Well maybe there's hope it goes virtual. I think L. A. Went virtual.
Interesting. Huh? We're still
like as of now we're still ready to go in. Um But we obviously have to look at like what's going to be like in like a couple of weeks. Yeah. But you know
that's a rising to that. We are currently scheduled for in person. Yeah.
Uh
All
That's what I'm scared about. Yeah. Because that's such a big population moving around now. I feel like we actually do have to stay put now. That's what I'm thinking. Until something comes out
your home. I'm surprised it's
august because I haven't
done
any.
It was
fast.
okay. Oh Be scary, you know like it's 2021.
Oh I just like lock my house down it. I don't even noticing, I feel like I want to make my house or like apartment a lot better because I'm spending so much time
like more comfortable cleaner
so lazy.
Yeah, I had like when the lockdown first started I had really good intentions, it looked all nice and then then I
just
Whatever, No 1's visiting, I'm not going anywhere.
mean, well yeah, I haven't been like, I haven't had like a social life since March
and
yeah, video calls but nothing like I guess restaurants and
are they open in your area
the same and
remember.
Yeah, it's true, it's tough at all. That's true. Let's go using actually. Yeah
I've seen that we've had outside eating set up and everything but I just haven't gone. Yeah
mhm.
What?
Yeah no I haven't, I envision in my mind but I haven't seen like an official
go
that makes sense yeah that's what I was thinking like like the wind picks it up and moves it around interesting and
you
know
I was like I think that works better actually having things outside.
Mhm Uh huh Oh my oh wait winter winter in the northeast is
California
basically I don't think we can do it in the winter mm
For
curry
mhm wow, that's actually so sad and we're about to like miss summer and then winter, wow.
I'm true, I wonder if it's gonna get better worse than the fall
well.
That's
that's what I was thinking because I recall getting really sick to falls ago, I was like you think yeah,
I don't even know actually, I was a teacher, I was studying to be a teacher at that time and I got it from like a student I think.
that could have been it actually just rough. But yeah, that's like a time where people get sick the fall. Uh huh.
I so I used to teach, I studied elementary ed and then uh I didn't want to do it anymore. Um At least like I guess I had a type of idea about teaching but it was definitely not the same. Then I tried to find alternative job, so now I'm like an admin assistant. Uh huh.
maybe I can sleep and I don't know, having more control I guess. I do like teaching a lot and kids, but I felt like I didn't have control of the classroom.
that could maybe.
that's good. Huh? I do want to let go back. I'm just trying to figure it out.
News
crap.
I want to I want to do more traveling that was like on the bucket list. Like just got a job. All that travel.
It's so cheap now.
I
was like uh yeah it is kind of scary. You're staying in the hotels. I don't want to do that.
It's really not good.
Oh that's nice. Okay. I guess we can excel. Okay.