Hello?
Can you hear
me all right?
I think. Okay. It's been a long day. How about you?
Oh, are you like on the east coast? I remember last coast was only six,
Yeah. So I'm from California. So yeah, you have a lot of covid cases. So scary.
But you're like state, like you guys got over like the worst part of in the beginning like, right?
Yeah, probably like florida.
And they have like a lot of retired people in retirement too. So it's like really importunate,
So yeah, I actually went to school in massachusetts. I went to college and up to, yeah. Oh
yeah. So I just like went for college. Yeah.
Yeah.
I, I like not driving because because it's like you can just take the train everywhere and like, yeah. Um, Oh yeah, I lived in boston so it's not like the suburb, but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, dominating. So you're
so you're
still
in the new England area?
Is driving in like Connecticut like play stressful like, you know like and we will do something.
Oh yeah, I could imagine that. I've never been the Connecticut. What would you recommend there if someone were to visit?
That's
true.
Oh wait so. Okay. But do you guys have like, you know how long mane has like lighthouses? This Connecticut has something similar?
you guys, someone's Connecticut like a naval base or something. Well,
okay. That makes sense then. Thank
you.
Wait, so did you move for college or ledges or were acrylic
your family?
I'm
that's exciting. It's just like, yeah. Because like I imagine the classes are smaller so you get like more like time with your teachers and office hours and stuff.
when did you move?
So you've only been there for like, hello? That's the cool. How do you like it?
Yeah. Because you said it was like girl and there's like over me. Okay.
Oh yeah. COVID 19. Yeah.
But
hopefully. Yeah. Also go back to normal and then he could be living life in the city.
Oh dang. So like, did you like take like subway and the bus and I Okay.
Yeah. And you don't have, you don't have to pay for like a, the month long, like charlie cards and me.
Oh yeah. How much is it? Yeah, went back when I won, I think it was like around like $90 a month, maybe less.
Which
is it now?
Yeah.
If no
one, Maybe it was like 80 or something. But I remember it was like not 100 but sort of pie.
Oh, dan. Yeah. It is expensive because there's like no space.
Yeah. Wait, did you bring your foot your car from Connecticut to boston? Okay.
Don't make sense.
Do not
have too far.
Yes. Unfortunately. I live in southern California so we don't have like the bar which is in, that's when Cisco I guess Ole has like a subway system, but no one really uses it. And I mean like people do, but not like, okay, I want to get into like the intricacies of the public transit here anyway.
Yeah, but it's not like bill in a way that sufficient. So instead of like going like straight to where you're going, you have to like stop and then get on something else and then get out of us. Yeah,
I didn't think it through.
We. Have you been in California?
Which part? Oh, California
deal.
team
was possibly
Did you find there like drive there?
Okay. Okay. Because if you have, if you drove, you could like drive down and see the pacific northwest. It's really nice.
Yeah. And of course like you want to like stop at different like cities along the way to like Portland and like Seattle and everything.
Uh, I mean not any time to
no,
I
two
and
this.
Yeah. Because you never know
about like, yeah. But next year I think we should have a vaccine like that or I hope.
Yeah. Still what?
Yeah. Wait, so like what kind of,
there's like so much news.
I know.
Yeah.
So
I apologize
for like depressing to me like, uh huh.
Because,
They
were
weeping.
I didn't say anything.
Oh yeah. Right. Larry. It's like so sad to think about wait
a massachusetts. Do you guys feel like a mail in ballot?
Well
two
yeah. I don't make me like, I don't know the same where you live, but in California, if you move somewhere else and get like a driver's license and register to vote, you have to give up your California presidency thingy. So if you come back athletes, that's like reapply for like a little things. The big California.
No.
Okay. That not all
along.
Yeah. It'll be like a lot of paperwork. Yeah. Yeah.
It's
Your parents like male, like your mail to in boston.
I
can't
take
them.
That makes sense.
that's so funny,
wow. But yeah, yeah, like Apple pay and like all those other like digital wallets make it so you don't need a credit card. We have a core.
Right. So,
so you've never been to the west coast besides when I remember that heart
And
Yeah. You should visit when the pandemic is over.
next year. Yeah.
But yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. When we banned us because yeah. You don't have to. Okay. Mhm.
What?
Yeah. Wait, so when
did you guys have your lockdown in massachusetts or in boston?
But it became one.
The California had it around like, yeah, mid smart. And I think like we're along the first state. So like,
yeah, been a while. I've been inside my house.
Yeah. And then they reopened and then I go they got really bad when they when it reopened. It felt like worse than before. Yeah.
I
think
also like people were like getting antsy staying in fried so they wanted to go outside and like then there's like anti maskers. Well
yeah like yeah there's like that's like, like the beach cities around here for some reason they think they're immune to the two of us because I don't wear their masks or like care about like infecting other people.
It's kind of sad.
That's good.
I guess it depends on the area
and
I don't
know if you've ever heard of Orange County.
Yeah. It's like more like conservative than like L. A. So naturally they don't want to do what like democrats recommend which is to wear my.
Yeah. Because they just lore it's like just wear your mask like. Yeah.
I feel like our shutdown with more extreme than like some like european countries, but other european countries, they liked it so much testing. Whereas we like took like so long as you're testing and we're still not like doing it like as fast as we need to. Yeah,
I know alone but I think they're staying. No, actually in my county the school board wants all the students to go to school.
Yeah. No, physically with no social distancing
Wall mall.
Yeah. So we're going to have it for a while here.
Yeah. But they have like they're not a right they're not a like right like conservative as this area.
What?
Thanks.
Mhm Yeah.
Yeah. I hope you guys like you
guys don't turn into California.
Oh yeah. That I mean that would be safer but people are getting very antsy inside their houses.
No,
I
know
it's so fast Break
mark.
Yeah. This year. Can't wait for it to be over.
Yeah. It be Saturday 2021 were worth 21. I don't know like if there's like another like pandemic like looks like one way or whatever other like virus they're talking about. Like if there was to I would be unfortunate.
wait, like better in what way
I mean you after this call you can you could
our little region
And
then you live there like 24 7. It got my year.
Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah.
Oh, you you don't like you like, like
video calls with your family, your family himself.
I know. I miss restaurants too.
Um Only for takeout.
they were a little open for a bit for diamonds. But then yeah, it was only like for like two weeks ago. Really sad. Really sad because
people don't worry, they're not okay.
Yeah. Well at restaurants they had to like distance the tables more. So it's like less occupancy as well. All right. Yeah. Uh There's a lot of changes, but like outside feeding was like more popular,
We have you seen like those videos about how like right
be inside versus outside
and like how the like what during surprise? Like the difference is like how it's been.
okay. There's actually a really good video on Youtube by box that like,
yeah, like feel like basically like illustrated it and like it was very like informative. But basically the gist of it is that being outside is better than being inside because it has more than two spread out when people like talk or sneeze or something.
And
also
there was, I'm sorry, what?
Yeah, it's summer. So it's like so hard. But
Oh yeah, that was that was unfortunate
of her evening every lot about that. Yeah.
It'll only take out in like two or 3. I mean for you guys, we could do
with
them.
Well, I mean they fall to, oh
I think
in my get I mean I don't want to like sound like a negative person. I think it's gonna get worse because it's not like he usually likes to getting a flu season and like well
that's it.
did you get the flu?
Okay. And like yeah I mean and I feel cold. Those are pretty common.
Wait so it's like elementary school kids?
So what what would you say like your dream job is
over the case. Oh maybe you need to teach like high schoolers because they like listen to you.
Yeah because my cousin is actually a teacher and she really enjoys it. She teaches 9th grade.
Yeah. Well I hope you do figure it out in that way
that you
say like face and like you got like an opportunity to clean up your apartment and get to visit the West Coast because it's so it's I think you'd really like it.
Well when the pandemic over it's gonna be like so crazy because everyone's going to travel and it's gonna be so hard. Mhm. Our tickets and like hotels himself for all.
Yeah. But I mean like your life saving
some money.
You don't have to stay clean.
Yeah. So it was really great talking to you.