Yeah I can hear you can hear me
so you don't have to set a timer than the other page already sets it up for us but
it's
up to you feel
free.
That's fair. Mhm.
All
Yeah that's fine.
I'm thomas nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you Katie. Um So where are you exactly are you like on the east coast or west coast? He
said
tonight?
Now
I'm on the west Coast. I'm by like L. A. Ish area California. Okay.
Is it cold over in Minnesota?
Yeah.
that's awesome. Well san Diego doesn't see um snow and so does L. A. Like all of California just generally just doesn't see like the bay Area doesn't see snow. Um Was it the only time I've ever really seen snow is going towards like Tahoe um like the northern part of California. Then um going in Nevada some of that so like our cold is like it's like a cold 40 or something. It's like oh I gotta put on jacket, oh it's gonna be cold out and it's kind of nuts to because I talk to people about this is like if there's ever any rainfall, California has become the worst drivers ever, were, already the worst drivers ever. But like there's like a mist like a hint of droplets, get this market through how to drive.
Oh that's crazy.
Well
other other under the spectrum is like L. A. So like being in so cal it's kind of weird because what was that if you are driving like so the speed limit in California on the highways this is about 65 generally where like where you go is burying plus or minus 10 10 MPH. But anyway it's about 65. If you are driving below 80 at any given highway in California. So cal you will get run off the road. It's just a matter of fact, like you're on the right hand lane and people honk at you because you're in the right hand lane, even though you might be going like 75. And it's nuts because like I drive moderately fast, I drive about 80 like highway. But if I know that it's like later towards the night, I will never be in the left hand lane because people drive 100 in the left hand lane or they drive in the middle lane and they go 100 zipping past people and they do use their blinkers every once in a while, but they already are in your lane when they already switched their blinker on. So they're like, I am in your lane, I turned left, so let me show you that I turned left or moved left. Like they after their fact they would turn on their blinkers or it's just like in California we have like a lot of people that drive BMWs and luxury cars and they just don't want to use any of the blinkers or any safety features. So I don't know.
No. That sounds awful.
But
back.
No, I don't I don't I don't know.
I
agree.
I agree with that. And then also in the fine print like oh do you want to buy blinkers? Like signals? Because if not then like who cares, this is optional for them.
those are California. It's completely optional for California though, it's a rolling stop. You once you tap the brake, you're indicating that you did at one point how to break in your car, so
therefore I'm done. You know, I am guilty of doing that every once in a while. Like if I know for a fact is no one's around, there's literally no cars, I can't see them for miles and I'm not going super fast, I will like kind of time, my brakes kind of slow down a little, then I'll cruise there like like If I see that there is a car, it's near me, then I will stop and that's fine, but like, like usually when I'm driving like maybe like 11 or something at night, I'm coming back, I'm tired or something, but and there's no car anywhere to be found, there's not a person anywhere to be found and you're like, okay, I could stop and this could make my night longer and I always make the decision. Uh
That's fair.
One
that's true.
that
is true.
that's true.
I mean, what the flip side of that, I feel like at least in this area that I'm in, a lot of people don't really necessarily cross at the crosswalk. So to say you're a crackhead that just wants to jump out into the street, you wouldn't necessarily obey just like, oh, I have to go to the cross, walked across and then that guy will definitely stop for me and not run me over. Their mentality would be I'm just gonna cross regardless. So I mean like I agree with you. Yes, there is definitely a paranoia and definitely a sense of safety. But if the crack is gonna do it, they're going to do it. And the
same with like a person like,
I don't know, like, I don't know, it's just like this area or whatever, but like I want to say that like most of the areas of California I've seen have been about the same word. Most people just look to see if there's a car and there is a car. They don't necessarily, unless I have seen some areas of calvary, like L. A. who they will walk in front of a car regardless and they act like they own the road and cars have stopped going from like 40 all the way to zero in front of a person because of that. And it's understandable that like that person deserves to get run over, but they're gonna do it regardless. You know, like whether you stopped or didn't stop, they were going across the street.
That's so, that's so awesome and so cool, California does not do that. We are like the, like, we're like the land of the assholes that like we see someone on the side of the street or something like that were like sucks to be you
or like and it really is like I I definitely have had moments like that and then you call obviously the tow company and stuff like that. But like I guess for areas that are more rural, more isolated it makes more sense. Like I can see definitely in the midwest being like, okay, well you definitely need to help out your neighbor because if, when it comes time to you definitely need the help too.
Okay, well I can say for a fact that California definitely has different bubbles and like I'm only really from like the city areas of suburban areas like more urbanized um what was it? The northern California, me and my girlfriend drove past uh like the area, it's like we didn't trip up uh pacific north like one on one we just drove up so beautiful. I highly recommend it. Just fly over, rent a car, drive up and throw your car like give the car back and fly back so worth it. Um Anyway so we were driving through up to northern California, you see like cities and then as you go in more and more north it gets more and more isolated, more desolate. And that's why like I can understand it being more like at that point yeah I would make more sense that like a lot of people would but even then there was some areas are so sketch so like for for more urbanized areas um And more like populated metropolitan areas. They've seen asian people, they've seen their diversity. Like they may not have seen anything other than Panda Express but
but they
have
thanks but like but seeing me doesn't necessarily mean that they like you immediately think Jackie chan. So uh it's like it's interesting because like when I went up north um we went out essentially further further north we got it was like more and more like the boonies. Like the areas where like small small towns where like the wrote the central highway is like in all the gas stations are the livelihood of the city. Like they definitely have like acquaintance to them and stuff like that. Sure. But like straight up like their backyards lead into the highway or like their house is like looking out to see people and their neighbors are like right next door like super far away or whatever. But anyways, those are the areas that like when I stop at, I'm like I don't know if someone's gonna take me home and not me on a wall
is that
an arbor
is that an arbor for?
No,
no
no no we're sorry that's wrong city, sorry, I
think I know what you're talking about. University of Michigan is a very good school, it's a
Oh that's also great.
True true.
now
that's fair,
I mean
that happens in Asia too, I mean I'm sure if you went to china and stuff like that it would be completely different because you'd be the other non asian population, it just it happens, I completed a degree, it's like even different cultures have different personal space and I don't know if you've been to like a chinatown but uh essentially, uh if you ever go to china or even chinatown, um personal space does not exist. So social distancing is not a real thing. It's like if you're gonna, if you are in between a grandma and cashier, she'll bow does you like, you might be in quote unquote line but like in asia and in china, like that doesn't exist. Let's be real like flea markets are close enough to that. But I'm kind of like, I could say that that's like adjacent, but let's just say like if you are standing between like to grandma's, you are probably gonna stamp either, it's just gonna not gonna happen. Just gonna flatten out and these grandmas, it will hold their own unique. They're like, they're like 60 or 80 and they're like frail no dog, they're going to run you over there scary,
I'm
afraid of now.
Oh yeah 100%. No by the way all day for the like dang. It's scary. Especially you're trying to get like oh I'm trying to buy like this one thing this grandma has like a shopping cart, she'll run over your foot and then she'll like go over to the cashier. Just lucky and meanwhile yelling street, put it onto the cashier table, next one, run you over just same thing. No
line,
no mercy.
that's awesome.
That's
so
You
need to go find a book like Tibetan Culture 101 and then just fucking call them out like no dude that's not here. Get out of here.
Well that's
fair. That's
Yeah that's fine.
nearly.
Uh huh Yeah. Those are good friends though, like um actually one of my good friends uh so she she was always lying to us but not like in a like a bad way, but more like I'm a fuck with you in so many ways. So like um for her, she was actually fucking my girlfriend and she was like talking about essentially getting with this guy and she was like, oh yeah, we totally have never done anything. I'm a virgin. Like the next day. She was like, oh I went down on evolve on all these graphic details and then she's just like, wait, I thought you said I'm your version. She's like, oh I totally am, I don't know where you got that from. Like I was just like because she like she's such a good um speaker and she is so charismatic that like even though she said like literally five seconds ago, what she did to with this guy and like as her husband you're like wait oh I guess you are a virgin. Oh
I'm sorry, I thought that I might have missed her.
Yeah, that's fair. Yeah.
Unleashes.
Yeah. That's
awesome. I'm just saving it all up and then just unleashing on you. That's so awesome.
That's awesome. I mean having those personal relationships at that level, it's just like that's goals right there.
You
can take it. That's what
you're saying,
you're not like necessarily too sensitive about that. Yeah. Like if we understand yet, I mean like there's definitely uh friends, I feel like I don't even know if it's like a thing like like to categorize them as different people in different parts of my life. Like they buy with certain things. Like I have friends, I go surfing with friends that like I hang out with my friends I go walking with and like some sort of mix all don't stuff like that. So like I have a group of friends that like also fuck with me too much too. So I completely understand. But then you also have like school friends are like people that you're serious with and you're like okay like we have a common cause like conservation or social rights or social justice and it's like these are like but you wouldn't necessarily mix those two like professional and like like a happy life or whatever. Well too much at least not now.
Sorry,
I think there was a pause. You're in the something community.
Yeah. That's
a I mean but that's the thing though, I was actually talking to one of my friends about that like um some of those intense conversations or even like some of the humor to help you get through it is how you make those connections and how you get those bonds. Because I don't know. I think I for me uh I feel like I was having a hard time for a long time um figuring out people in a way that like I didn't know how to connect to people. And I think that um burning college and everything like that and my studies, I think it was like a personal journey to like actually understand and try to build those bonds and learning that like sharing isn't necessarily like to revealing it's like opening up and learning more about people than also they're sharing. So I totally understand where you're coming from. Yeah.
that's awesome.
I think I see a therapist, so like um a lot of the things, not a lot of those things, sorry, I'm not super familiar with everything you just said, but like but like she helps me essentially understand how to build bonds and try to understand how to like think about friendship categorizing things. Um as well as like I feel like for a while I was pretty dark in my life. Um and a lot of things happen to me like changed my outlook, like you said, like dramatic things can um your death experiences, um illnesses, family deaths and so like that really dark things could essentially change your outlook on life. So I feel like the exact same way you're talking about. Mhm.
it's
interesting.
Yeah, it's interesting you say that because like a lot of my friends feel like they've never faced adversity, but then when you learn a lot about them, they just really kind of buried deep.
Yeah. I think that like um my therapist said that that's like minimal izing, like essentially like comparing
yourself against other people in like life and like different events and trauma or even like just like how far and how successful you are and how you measure things. It's like the only thing you can measure against is yourself and that's the only healthy way to do is like, do you feel like you're happier from yesterday? Do you feel you're happier other day before and here we go. So and so forth. I don't mean to interrupt or anything like that, but Just like if you did want to leave it is 25 minutes past, so I mean you're
I think he did sell alarm or timer
or something,
but
I just wanted to let you know, so that like, you don't take up your whole night, so
thank
you.
I like her too. She's awesome.
I was gonna say I highly recommend a lost lost conversation on the night. I highly recommend you making your own pizza. So my girlfriend makes pizza and she, there's a baker and stuff like that
is worth it. It's not that hard as you think and it's super worth it. You just like, you make the dough there. It's like recipes online and then what we found works best because we use like these baker sheets and something that you put a little slow down. You can put cornmeal down if you want. We put the dough down and then you bake it par bake it for like 10 minutes across legacy tree And then you put sauce on it, whatever you want to do, toppings don't layer too big and then throw in the oven 10 minutes again done. So it's like actually if you prep Like early and you do other things, it's not too long without it being like 20 minutes to bake a pizza. That's pretty good. Answer. You
the
Yeah, I just,
I highly recommend it. It's delicious. It's fantastic that way and it's a lot healthier in my opinion because
No,
I mean you all that kind of stuff to do, so I understand.
it's awesome working you too.
he was well enjoy
the