Hi, Can you see me? Okay? And he'll be okay.
Yeah, I can hear you fine. I'm going to set a timer. Sorry if you were waiting.
I know.
I'm,
I'm
going to do it anyway because I like to know.
uh also like have ended up getting really intrigued in the conversations and like letting them take
up a lot of my night. So like I need to make sure like boundaries.
I'm Katie, by the way,
to meet you.
I'm
in
the middle. So I live in Minnesota. Are
you on the east?
Got it.
I was gonna say so you're in California. Fuck you. Well, it's cold as balls here. It is below for today. Um,
and it's, we got our first snowfall a few days ago.
We've got you beat, we've got you beat statistically like some car insurance company did like, and statistically Minnesota worst drivers in the country. So
not necessarily, we don't use blinkers here. Uh, we're extremely passive, like to the point of being dangerous. Like, like you know how like in L. A. And florida and the east coast like people drive like really aggressively. Like they're just like all right. I put my blinker on that means to move it. And like Minnesota, like not only do we not use blinkers, but we do not like we're just we're bad. We don't know what that emerge. We do not know how to step emerge. I swear to fact that it makes me insane. Like you're going to get off the highway and there's like literally two months cars in the right lane leading up to the exit and no one will let anybody in or out. It's like the most passive aggressive bullshit you've ever seen life. It's so stupid
attract
I think that that is like just kind of a trait of any, I used to work uh for a towing company and so I would interact with people who had had their BMWs toad or their Lexuses of their bodies. Yeah,
pretty much everybody, like if you came in to get your Honda back, like I could count on probably being able to find some common ground with you, but literally every BMW driver I've ever has been a complete prick.
You
pretty well. I think that being an actual is I hope that you don't own a BMW because
well like, I think being an asshole is a prerequisite for purchasing a BMW, like
they must
make find somewhere like I will drive this car like a dick, like.
We just want with our stuff. Stop signs or stop optional. Okay.
But
Your people, you're giving people more the benefit of the doubt than I would because like I've
had For two years, I'm 35 years old and I've had a driver's license for 24 months. Um But because like I'm always worried that like some
random crackhead is gonna sprint across the road or like some dumb ass doesn't have their headlights on and I don't see them like the worst,
the worst nightmare of my life
would
be carried a robust personal liability policy because I'm kind of paranoid, but like I would feel so bad. It's like some dumb ass like left in a traffic in front of me or something, like I was just like, you just,
you just never know.
that's
that's a good point,
right. But I like I know that I would definitely be like, plus like I'm kind of a bleeding heart and I'm I'm that annoying asshole who will like see somebody on the side of the road like with their hazards on or something. But like, this is the standard like midwestern thing, like you pull over and you're like, you all right, I need some help, You drive this gas station, come on. You know, like that's just what we do.
What folks?
And I live in Minneapolis and I think like most, I think it's, it is like a product of rural culture though, I think like for people to, you know, you have one neighbor and there's like 10 square miles, you know, like you like, you depend on each other and I think that's just part of like, yeah, our culture, I guess that and passive aggression.
You
see,
they're not being like, like,
yeah. That's like I'm from michigan originally, I'm from a super super tiny town and there's an engineering school there and we have a lot of chinese students that come, it's like one of the top engineering schools in the country
mission.
Sorry?
No,
no
it's
but
it's it is, but the school I'm talking about is michigan tech. Uh huh. It's that and University of Vermont are like the top two engineering schools in the country. So the folks in town that I'm from like they're familiar with seeing chinese students,
but if you're black then there's an issue and like I didn't you know growing up there like I didn't know, you know I was ignorant, like my parents tried their best to like teach us or whatever but we grew up in like white bread but fuck. Egypt so we didn't know um But we we lived in Mexico for a minute when I was nine, we live down there for about half a year and we lived in a Damasio which is like not necessarily a super touristy area. Um and they weren't very used to seeing white people and they were definitely not used to seeing white girls with long red hair and it was very eye opening for me because and like the concept of personal space in latin America is very different.
People would come up and like touch my hair and like, like grab it and like, you know, like, like you know, it was just there was nothing wrong with it or anything. It was just so surprising as a kid and I realized, I realized like wow, they think that I'm like novel and it was, it was very, it taught me that like it taught me what it was like to be like other third.
And like made me realize like, man, I don't ever want to like make a big deal about somebody being you know, not looking like me. You're not looking like the rest of us in the town or whatever. I mean,
it was just
because
Well,
that
you know, you you are younger than me, you are supporting you will respect me. I don't give a fuck if I'm not your grandma, I am a grandma and you better get the hell out of my way.
how do
I tested my space?
My buddy, one of my best friends is from Tibet and so he has family like Minnesota. Like there's there's kind of there's the lutherans set up this like whole system to make the state very refugee friendly. So there's
among people here and a lot of Tibetans and people from Burma, people from Somalia. Um
And
so my buddy, like most of his family is over here and he absolutely loves because he knows that like I try to be respectful. So he'll tell me like massive terrible lies and then be like that's just that's tibetan culture so that I won't I feel like I can't like call him out on shit. We'll help you some like extreme like gender role like sexist bullshit. And then like that's just my culture man. It's just my culture. You're not allowed to say anything about it. And I'm just like I'm like I'm caught like, am I a feminist or like am
I? You know,
he lets he lets me in on the joke after he's had his fun.
Like
last time he was having dinner with him and his family and we were outside like during the summer like we're outside like keeping apart because of Covid and
his mom was in the house And we all started eating and I was like 10cent, where's your mom? Like, isn't she going to come eat with us? And his brother is like, oh yeah, no, tibetan women don't eat with the men. That's not what we do. And tens and like without missing a beat, like he jumps on it too, is like, oh yeah, she needs to wait until two hours after we finished eating. Until she that's that's that's the rule in our culture. Like that's just how we do it back home. And I'm like, I was like, I wanted to defend his mom and like
advocate for her right to fucking eat, but also like be respectful. And I'm just like, but by now, like, I'm also used to him like blowing smoke up my ass so I'm like is this real? And they both just started laughing their asses off at me. I was like you fucking dicks. Like
it's totally
I have another friend uh Emma bet she's she's super like christian like not in like an asshole way but like she has like really she was like pretty rigid morals.
She never lies like ever except on april Fools. That's like the one day when she like has permission to lie. So she like saves all her lies all year long. And then on april like she goes fucking ham. She's like this she's this sweet little christian lady, she's like she's 45 old, she's Ethiopia and she's like five ft tall. She's this sweet, tiny little adorable and she will tell you the most fucked up shit like she'll tell you that your friend just got diagnosed with AIDS. She'll tell you like I mean she she just go she saves her life 64 days a year and then she like has
permit on because it's a joke on april fool's Day and it doesn't matter like who you tell that you know your best friend is pregnant or whatever like so then like and people that don't know her like she's so sweet and she's so like she has this reputation for also being like a super honest person so I'll tell you this shit with the straight face like oh yeah did you hear about Justin yeah he has the AIDS and she'll be like be like super you know and oh my God that's terrible for Justin that's so awful like I want I'm going to send him a get well card then she's just like like so fucking evil, I love it. She's so twisted and select
and
right. And he considers Halloween to be like a massive like sacrilege and she thinks that it's like, you know, but on april fool's she'll tell you, you know that she's dying of cancer and shit like like it's like way too far and she'll still go there. It's hilarious.
Oh yeah, 100%. I know that like someone is a good friend if they will just like mercilessly fuck with me because they know that like I'm not gonna like hold
it against
I have
sense.
that's true. Like I'm in the community here like we're and so I have a bunch of friends that are sober
it
recovery. So I have a lot of friends like myself included who have come like really close to dying. So I think that that does something to one sense of humor like maybe you might laugh at stuff that some people wouldn't or like you know trying to like find ways to cope with like really dark stuff and and like being Like being in like 12 step groups and stuff like that. Like sometimes you hear shit and say shit that is like really like you know like it's it's a really weird connection to have with people where it's like yeah, you know an hour ago you were just telling me how you know, telling me in a room full of strangers, how your parents didn't love you enough and that caused you to use ivy heroin for five years. And now here we are at this diner like cracking jokes about overdosing and shit like
the
And it's I for work, I am a counselor so
well thank you and it's like you know that's one of the first things they teach you is like you know transference like you you know within reason like just close things about yourself and build report with people and that's that's how those like connections are formed like that's how trust is formed and
it's true and I think that like I think that most people have like you know defining things in their lives and lots of for lots of people, those things are traumatic, you know like loss um like deprivation or like if you you know have a childhood that's really chaotic like it can continue to affect you into adulthood and stuff like that and yeah you're right, it really can affect like one's outlook and it's you know, I think for most folks like I think most people have a memory of like acute suffering that continues to affect them for all of their lives like whether that's like drug use or trauma or violence or loss or whatever like but that's the thing like and that's one thing that I love about counseling and connecting with other people is that like we're not alone in that like everybody has something that has like fuck them up and like it's just what's what's your thing that fucked you up like you know everybody's got something.
I
think once we once we realized that we feel less alone
or they don't or they don't categorize it as that you know or they minimize like their own shit like oh other people have it worse, you know like how can this stuff really affect me that badly when there's kids starving in Ghana or whatever, you know? Pick something a reason why we should invalidate our own feelings and it's kind of wild to me like no you're allowed to categorize that as adversity.
Fish
is it it?
I
did.
It's 26 minutes.
I appreciate that. I like your therapist. They're good.
Keep
seeing them.
Yeah. That kind of shit is important. Well I am gonna go eat my pizza so it's gonna be delicious. It's some garbage like all the bullshit. That's probably not very good for me but all right
like from scratch with the dough and everything.
And it would probably cause like
whenever I buy like frozen pizza like I always alter it like I'm always putting more cheese on it or like more veggies or whatever. So I'm already doing labor on this like shitty frozen pizza. So I'm like well just like start from scratch and do all the labor and like you know put the eggplant and the anchovies on it if I fucking want to. Like
that's good.
I was gonna say like when I start to value like take my own advice and like value my health
like I I will begin doing that but for now like I'm lazy shit so
it's true. Well it was awesome talking to you.
I hope that you have a wonderful night.
I'll
be thanks. Well by.