SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah, that's right, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: morning? How are you
SPEAKER_L: good morning, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: doing? Well,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm john,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Ashleigh
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you, Ashley.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you, so where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, so it's what like seven or 8:00 AM?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, just turned a, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I am right outside of Pittsburgh pennsylvania. Yes, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's about 11 o'clock here. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So you've had a little little more,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit more of your Wednesday? How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Oh it's good about halfway through the day with the kiddos online and uh um
SPEAKER_R: How many kids you have?
SPEAKER_L: I have to, I have one that's nine, she is in third grade and then I have a little one that is in kindergarten, she's six, so they go in school two days a week
SPEAKER_R: It's easy
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: get,
SPEAKER_L: Wednesday thursday friday their online, so
SPEAKER_R: how's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: that working out?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. Um My older one seems to take to it a lot better than my younger, my youngest one, I mean they don't have long attention spans, so trying to keep them focused is a little bit of a challenge, but my oldest, she goes in her room and does her thing, and I don't see her until school is over, do you have kids, you
SPEAKER_R: I do, yeah, almost the same age is, I've got my daughter's in fifth grade, she's 10.5 and then my son is six and he's in kindergarten as well, but we are all all online. I'm a school teachers while I teach third grade. Um so we're completely online. Um and I mean, the kids haven't been in a, well, I mean, my son was in preschool last year, but I mean they haven't been in the classroom since March
SPEAKER_L: it's uh
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: last
SPEAKER_L: that's got to be tough
SPEAKER_R: year. Yeah, on, on so many levels.
SPEAKER_L: does it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's really tough. It's, it's taken a toll on, on a lot of people like I've seen
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: just even like in my family and in in my circle, um you know, a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: lot of mental health issues then um in some people that have, you know, historically had mental health issues, it's obviously like really made those worse. Uh and then, oh, that's my alarm to hop on here. Um and then people that
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I haven't had mental health issues,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you know, people are really struggling and It was a big topic of conversation last night with my wife and I um my grandparents are still alive, my grandpa is 90 and My Grandma's 88 and um thanksgiving is like her day, that's the bill cooks every year and was planning on cooking this year. And
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: the reality of, you know her, I mean, not, I guess she's still able to cook, but people not being able to come over and enjoy a meal at her house and
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: we've got a huge extended
SPEAKER_L: well?
SPEAKER_R: family and It's really taken a toll on her. And yesterday was their their 69th wedding anniversary. So yeah, I call them to wish him a happy anniversary and you could just hear the sorrow
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: in her voice and um you know, you wonder like how many more of these does she have left and to think it's possibly her last thanksgiving and she doesn't even get to enjoy it the way that she wants to.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Its fab.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, how do you hold up as a teacher? I mean, I'm
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: assuming you teach all online, you know, I see it from the parent's perspective,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: as you know, how I'm trying to juggle with my kids, it's got to be tough on you as a teacher. I I can only imagine the stress that it is to try to get the kids engaged in in learning, because I'm sure it's not the same that they would get in a classroom.
SPEAKER_R: Here. No, not at all. I mean, and that's that's one of the problems that I don't think a lot of people realize is that teaching is just so nuanced and so much more than just presenting material. It's you know, reading the kids and their level of understanding, But then
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: also a really big part of it is just being a social worker and seeing you know what's going on in their lives. And um the neighborhood that I teach in is has a lot of immigrant families and um a lot of people that you know parents are working
SPEAKER_L: Hold
SPEAKER_R: multiple jobs. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: on one second, I'm so sorry, what did she dress up as a bear today? Both bears. Oh. Oh my goodness, you have like a head piece on. Oh okay. Can you go back? You need to go back and do your work though? Okay, her um her kindergarten teacher, this is absolutely amazing what she does. Every Wednesday, they have a different color day, you know, she dresses up depending on the color
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: dedication.
SPEAKER_L: uh today is brown day, so apparently they're brown bears. So at 11 o'clock she comes on and I mean she goes all out like the one for Pink Day. She was, you know those inflatable costumes? She was an inflatable pink pig, Like a giant
SPEAKER_R: Is she she older
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: teacher? Younger.
SPEAKER_L: Um I probably say around our age, upper 30s or so. Um she has two young boys that are still in preschool, so I would have jim. Would you open it? Quiet my bird?
SPEAKER_R: Yesterday I had one of these yesterday and my son is just so starved for outside connections and like people new faces and new new conversation partners that like he tried to like take over the last 10 minutes of my conversation talking to the guy about like you play video games and uh it was
SPEAKER_L: It's no sad though. I mean to see that like and that's why we chose to do the hybrid. Um We had a choice, it was full time hybrid or strictly online and my husband and I were talking, we're like, you know, we don't know if we want them to go full time, but the fact that these kids are starving for that socialization, like they needed something. Um Plus we moved to a new district, so my third grader was going into completely new school in the middle of a pandemic. Has no, you know, all new friends, My Kindergartner, it was a little bit easier because she knew she was transitioning, but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that's why we
SPEAKER_R: mean that identical to us. We bought a house Um The end of september, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: end of september and moved in in the middle of october um new district and we had we had moved the kids back as soon as we got the accepted offer on the house and move them to their new districts so that they could start interacting with friends online and start building those connections and relationships. But yeah, it's basically non existent. I mean it's really hard to connect with people and a new friendship over Webcam, especially when you're, you know, five or 10. So.
SPEAKER_L: it's it's a shame. Um, I feel so bad for the kids and there's one district in particular that we had moved from uh locally here, that started out as hybrid and then the kids went back full time for maybe a week and then they said, oh well due to the rising cases, you're going to go online for two weeks. So they went from hybrids the full time to all online for two weeks and then they just started back full time again on monday. And I'm like mentally decide what does that do to a child, but you know, you can't bounce back and forth, there has to be some sort of routine, some sort of consistency, you know, this is crazy enough as it is. Um, you know, and it's, it's hard enough on us parents, do, you know, helping our kids and then having to do juggle whether or not they're going to school or not going to school is even more difficult. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that was a big part of it um in the spring, I mean last spring and just caught some and get caught everybody off guard. And it took from a teacher's perspective, it took something that's not meant, especially at the elementary school level, it's not meant to be online, like for a high schooler that's really motivated and responsible. Sure. Um, college classes. Sure. But you know, I took online college classes When I was in my early 20s and I wasn't dedicated enough to be successful at them. Like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's asking a lot of kids and in turn asking a lot of parents. Um, so in the spring everybody was just kind of flying by the seat of their pants and we had no idea really what we were doing and we were just trying to keep our heads above water and parents had no idea what they were doing. And um, I had a lot of parents that were really concerned and sending me emails saying like, yeah, is my
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: kid going to pass? And
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: was brutally honest with them and said like, you know, this isn't something I'm advertising, but how your kid is being rated for the rest of the year is, do they participate? So if they're making an effort it will show up as a pass on the report card. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: It's changed now for this school year, the state um put a lot more, they did a lot more, uh I don't even know what you would call, they put a lot more restrictions and rules on. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So like the curriculum minutes taught, um Live teaching, there's a live teaching requirement. Um And yeah, so I've actually been on on leave since
SPEAKER_L: Course.
SPEAKER_R: september, my daughter was having some health issues, so I took uh FMLA And I'm going back to work on the 30th, so I haven't really been exposed to this year yet, but I'm not not looking forward to it at all um for numerous reasons. Um you know, we we moved recently and we downsize a little bit, so I don't, there's not an extra space in the house, so okay, I don't have a room where I can just go and be like teaching. I'm in my son's bedroom right now and you know, they're going to be downstairs doing their school thing. My wife was working from home before the pandemic. She's a legal assistant, but I mean she's going to be trying to be a legal assistant, a mom, a teacher, all of that at once. And, and I, you know, I feel bad that I'm going to just be walking
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: out the door and I'm like, okay, I'm going to do my thing for what, six hours, 6.5 hours and I'll be back to help pick up the pieces later. But yeah, it's, I guess what you got to do. Um I was initially I was really very cautious and like, you know, I I don't feel safe, I don't feel comfortable going back into a classroom until this is under control. Um I had told myself, you know, I'm not going to take some vaccine that's been rushed through
SPEAKER_L: I didn't call,
SPEAKER_R: but now I'm to the point where I'm ready to just go back into the classroom without the vaccine, roll the dice and say, you know what, I'm 40 year old that's in relatively decent health. If I get it, maybe I'll come out the other side, I'll probably come out the other side. I'm, you know, almost willing to take that chance just to be done with all of this.
SPEAKER_L: I'll tell you what the schools, um, our school has done a really, really good job at, you know, making sure that things are clean. You know, every child has their own separate set of supplies. Um, the hybrid kids don't interact with the full time kids. So like my kids that go monday Tuesday, the only other kids that they interact with are the ones that are in their class, which reduces, you know, transmission rates and this and that um the lunch in their classroom, they go out to recess, everybody separate. They've done a really good job and actually they haven't, they've maybe had three cases or four cases totalled in the entire district, which you figure high school, junior high and then three elementary. So you know, that's that's a pretty, I'd say that's pretty successful.
SPEAKER_R: Were they were the student cases or adult cases or a mix
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: was a mix. There was, I think like 22 adults and then there was one in the high school, but they said that the child was online only, so they never even they
SPEAKER_R: We're
SPEAKER_L: were never even in the school. Uh And then the other one was a child at the middle school from. So they've been, I mean they've been doing a really, really good job, it's sanitizing everything like Wednesdays, all the kids are home. Um you know, they clean and they get everything ready for the thursday friday kids and Mhm. You know, it's so far has been working out, they encouraged everybody, you know, to drive their Children, pick them up, drop them off instead of taking the bus, so that's what we do. So that also limit the exposure that they have, you know, to germs and stuff,
SPEAKER_R: We're not.
SPEAKER_L: but you know, they have to wear a mask all day, that's, they don't really like it, but that's kind of another reason why we did hybrid, because I didn't want my kids sitting in a classroom for eight hours, five days a week wearing a mask, they're not comfortable, you know, you want to be able to see people smile and especially Children when they're socializing with each other. So they, you know, they really enjoy the days that they go to school. But um, it kind of gives them something to look forward to to. But if we would go back to all online, they're used to it because we do it three days a week. So it's kind of like a nice little mix of both. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean like I said, we we had talked that same thing was offered here in Oregon um as early as july and august and we had kind of talked about pros and cons of all the different models and just decided to keep everyone safe, we would just do strictly online that ended up just being the only option. Um Our district said that they were going to reassess. Um I think it was actually supposed to be this monday, so back in july or august, they said well we'll get to November 16 and we'll we'll take a look at things and possibly go back on the 23rd
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and like a week after that, they're like okay now we're just gonna push it out to january 13th or 14th or whatever it is. So I think currently that's where it is out here, but the numbers are really rising in, in Oregon and Portland area as well. But
SPEAKER_L: No. What's like your account for the state? How many are you averaging daily now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: had been down in the like three and 4 years and over the last week. Um It really spiked and I forget what the average was, but we broke the record like three consecutive days up at like 1100 and 1200 um cases per state, which, you know, probably doesn't sound super high, but Oregon's fairly rural outside of the Portland, like I five corridor, north and south. The west side of the state has, I would say probably 75% of the population. Um So you know, there's just, there's not as many people as pennsylvania, other east coast states.
SPEAKER_L: Aren't as really small? Okay. What are you supposed to be doing? Oh well, thank you. But are you supposed to be doing your worksheets? Okay. Well is this a worksheet honey? Is this a worksheet? Okay then why don't you go? Okay. They're one of the dogs, lovely. Yeah. Here, mommy, here's a llama paper, There's poop in the hallway. The joys of online teaching right here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, and that's a prime example of like why I think I'm just gonna need to leave and go into my building to, to work, you know, it's not ideal. I love to teach from home in sweatpants, but yeah, I just I don't think it would be best for anybody,
SPEAKER_L: No, it's um it's interesting like even the days that the kids are all him on that Wednesday, the teachers are still in the classroom
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: My dogs are jumping on each other. Guys. Come on, That's enough shit. Yeah, I have four dogs.
SPEAKER_R: they seem to listen better than my kids breath.
SPEAKER_L: you know what they listen better than my kids. Mm Oh it's something I'll tell you what and I have a feeling that it's just gonna get worse from here. Um But my nine year old, she's actually doing a lot better. She was she had a behavior, she has a behavioral disorder. Um But with therapy and medication it's been, you know, we're much better than where we were. Um But I was thankful that she really only had anger outbursts at home and not at school. She was like two different people at school. I go into a parent teacher conferences and they're like, oh your kids great. You know, she gets along with everybody. She listens like, are we talking about the same kid here? Because here I am struggling with medications and therapy sessions and this and that, and these people were telling me how great how wonderful she is and how much she behaves, but they always seem to act different at school.
SPEAKER_R: if you don't if you don't mind me asking what, what's her diagnosis,
SPEAKER_L: Um D. M. D. D. I don't know if you've ever heard of it, It's from this uh disruptive mood dis regulation disorder. There were a lot of Ds and I had to figure out how to put them on again, disruptive mood dis regulation disorder. And basically um she gets very angry and has aggressive tendencies and aggressive outbursts. Um and we've come to find out that a lot of it is anxiety driven. So she is on any anti anxiety medication and it's done amazing things for her. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's great to hear.
SPEAKER_L: You know and she's like her teacher will tell me, you know, she's wonderful, she said she's welcoming, she's inclusive to all the other kids. I haven't had one behavioral issue with her. Um but it seems to be like when her routine is upset, okay that's it triggers it and she doesn't sit and cry and get nervous and worry. It comes out as anger. That's
SPEAKER_R: that's what
SPEAKER_L: my oldest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, I mean, I get like, that's just one more thing that we have in common, like we've been going through, I mean, still, I think we're still trying to get it figured out with my daughter. Um but she's always been a very anxious kid um and we started seeing depression pop up in over the summer and um took her to the pediatrician, tried some medications um The first one that we tried was uh antidepressant PROzac. Um and she had a horrible reaction to it, like it made all the symptoms worse. Uh and she was you know, it would picketer at her arm. Um self harm, thoughts of suicide, talk of suicide and ended up in the in the hospital for almost a week. Um and tried a different medication, seems to be working for a little bit now, just kind of spiraling out again and yeah, it's the therapy sessions and you know, but the downside of that is we just recently got her um got a new therapist, she had been working with this lady and when Emma ended up in the hospital the lady was like, yeah this is outside of my realm of care, you know, she was just a licensed social worker, so
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: we found a psychiatrist
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but m has only been able to have online appointments, weather and hasn't connected with her and so you know, and that's such a piece of it. And you know, she just kind of shuts down during the during the appointments and doesn't want to participate and you know, I don't really blame her. She doesn't know this lady and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that that makes a big difference. Um We're on Lexapro in 10 X. Guan foreseen um which Guan foreseen is a, it's used to treat 80 HD but it's actually a blood pressure pill and it's a non stimulant. And it's used for like impulsive behaviors basically calms them down, lowers the blood pressure. Um The Lexapro that's the antidepressant anti anxiety. But there are a ton of medications out there and I'll tell you what, we have tried a lot of them because my daughter would have severe physical side effects. Um Like once the medication would build up in her system after a couple of months she developed tics like like she would have Tourette's in the one time. It was so bad. My husband and I rushed her to the emergency room and they did um I don't know on your brain. Is it called a cat scan or an MRI they need that to make sure there were like no um us or anything in her brain. Like we were terrified. Here it was the medication. So they did a A. D. N. A. Test. I don't know if you're familiar
SPEAKER_R: That fight in the squad. Yeah. We yeah, we've been talking about that. We're we've brought it up to the psychiatrist multiple times and she said, you know, the insurance company probably won't pay for it unless we have um evidence of like multiple failed um
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: medications. So, I think we're getting closer to it, but I'm intrigued what was your experience with that?
SPEAKER_L: Um I wish it would have provided me more information. You have to remember. It only looks at how the medication is going to affect her D. N. A. So all everything came back and her psychiatrist said that this group of medications and I forget what it was called. But um oh it was anti they're used to treat seizures, the one that she was on because they thought that this these anger outbursts are like seizure activity within the brain. They give an anti seizure medication an anticonvulsant and it comes that part of the brain down which was wonderful until she developed the ticks. We'll we were expecting to see something on these test results saying hey you know, these aren't going to work well for her. And it said that she shouldn't experience any side effects with these medications, remind you. We knew, okay, that's something is not right here and it's not mixing well with her. So it's a good place to start. But it doesn't explain all of the side effects or all of the symptoms, but it gives you kind of a guidance as to, hey, it might be better to try this med over this med in this class of, you know, antidepressants. It might be better to try medicine A versus Medicine B, but it's not going to say, hey, these are gonna be the medicines that are going to change your life. That uh, it's not that, you know, particular or do you tonight?
SPEAKER_R: And you know, that's the thing, you know, like you said, there are so many medications, but I guess that's kind of a double edged sword in the fact of like that's the frustration. It's almost like where do you start, what do you try? It feels like everything is just a shot in the dark and the other downside of the medications is that so many of them take so long to get into your system, so you're waiting for to six weeks just for a glimmer of hope and like maybe this is the one and then if it's not, you have to wait, You know, 4-6 weeks some time for it to get out of your system and Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: don't give up, I'm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: telling you from experience, um, having the right combination of medication and the therapy and the good therapist. It makes a world of difference. Um, you know, I was in a position where my daughter would come after me and be aggressive towards me almost every day, multiple times a day sometimes. And I would be physically exhausted From trying to fight her off and stuff. You know, she's 70, I'm only five ft tall. No. Um, it was, it was mentally draining, but it was physically draining for me too. Okay. I can't tell you the last time she's been aggressive, wow, it's been at least six months and yeah, it's you just, it's so much trial and error. I mean, it took us a couple of years to find the right meds. Yeah. So it will happen. It just, it is, it's a lot of experimenting. It's a lot of, Hey, let's try this for a month. Hey, let's try that for a month. But you'll get there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean six months just sounds like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: a paradise right now. Like we could get six months of not like the daily just drain because like you said it is it's draining and um puts a strain on every, every relationship, her relationship with her brother, our relationship with her, our relationship with him, our relationship with each other and yeah, it's just yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I have been there, believe me. I know. And she, even though she, I consider her to be somewhat stable, she still sees a therapist every other week and I sit in with the appointment in the appointment with her. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My wife.
SPEAKER_L: because I think that's important too. Because just as much as we expect them to change, we also have to be there to support that change. So if you don't know what goes on in those therapy appointments, you can enforce that at home and you can't, you know, use what they say. But yeah, you, you just got to keep going and you will find that, you know, right medication for her. It just takes time. It really does. Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's, I don't know, it's one of those things where like 10 years ago leaving the hospital like I never would have thought like this is where we would be and um and you know it's another part of it too is that there's such a stigma around mental health and you know you just feel, I mean I guess I won't speak for you but like I just felt so isolated like I was going through this alone. This was something that you know we had to pull the shades and deal with and you know once you start talking to people it's something that so many people
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: are experiencing and so many people have gone through and so many people are going through even just a outside of COVID restrictions and 20 like
SPEAKER_L: Anyway.
SPEAKER_R: it has been a thing is a thing and it will continue to be a thing, but there's not that like awareness and the ability to just have open discussions like this and to connect with somebody and to hear their experience and you know, that's, that's all I wanted in the beginning was that light at the end of the tunnel because it felt like it was just in a cave and I didn't even know which way was the way back to where we had come from. It was just spending around in darkness and just yeah, somebody with a flashlight. But like, hey, we we survived this, we got through this was all all I wanted And those, those stories slowly started to to come out and you know, I found a co worker, somebody had worked with for 13 years, almost identical situation with her daughter and yeah, and I had no idea like she had problems with her. I knew that. But you know, I I just wrote it off as you know, well she's 12 now and it's hormones and you know, that's it will go away. It will regulate. That will work
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: itself
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: for you. What? Then then go honey. Mhm. Yeah. She comes out shortly. I need to pope.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah, think think think. Uh huh. Let me check the flow chart here. Yeah. It
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: looks like the next box is the bathroom?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. Well I hate to cut you off but I better get going and keep her on task.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is there anything like my house? The next one is I'm ready for a wipe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, she she does pretty good. She waits by herself. But then it's mommy, it's brown. I need help like oh my God. Like you're
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: supposed to be watching your teacher not playing in the bath. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: well best of luck to you.
SPEAKER_L: Ah You too.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: last year Wednesday it was great to connect and
SPEAKER_L: it was. I enjoyed our conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was kind of that we have so much comment
SPEAKER_L: I know. I know, but just just keep it in the back of your mind that it will get better when you find that you know good mix. You will it will get better for her. Okay?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It will.
SPEAKER_R: Hang
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: in there.
SPEAKER_L: too. Bye.