Yeah. Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah, that's right, yeah.
Hi,
good morning, how are you?
What?
I'm Ashleigh
nice to meet you, so where are you from?
Oh my goodness, so it's what like seven or 8:00 AM?
I am right outside of Pittsburgh pennsylvania. Yes, so
it's about 11 o'clock here. Okay.
What?
Right. Oh it's good about halfway through the day with the kiddos online and uh um
I have to, I have one that's nine, she is in third grade and then I have a little one that is in kindergarten, she's six, so they go in school two days a week
and
then
Wednesday thursday friday their online, so
it
pretty good. Um My older one seems to take to it a lot better than my younger, my youngest one, I mean they don't have long attention spans, so trying to keep them focused is a little bit of a challenge, but my oldest, she goes in her room and does her thing, and I don't see her until school is over, do you have kids, you
it's uh
that's
that's got to be tough
does it? Yeah.
Well,
huh.
No,
no.
Well,
What
well?
Who?
What?
Yeah, how do you hold up as a teacher? I mean, I'm
assuming you teach all online, you know, I see it from the parent's perspective,
as you know, how I'm trying to juggle with my kids, it's got to be tough on you as a teacher. I I can only imagine the stress that it is to try to get the kids engaged in in learning, because I'm sure it's not the same that they would get in a classroom.
For
Hold
on one second, I'm so sorry, what did she dress up as a bear today? Both bears. Oh. Oh my goodness, you have like a head piece on. Oh okay. Can you go back? You need to go back and do your work though? Okay, her um her kindergarten teacher, this is absolutely amazing what she does. Every Wednesday, they have a different color day, you know, she dresses up depending on the color
and
uh today is brown day, so apparently they're brown bears. So at 11 o'clock she comes on and I mean she goes all out like the one for Pink Day. She was, you know those inflatable costumes? She was an inflatable pink pig, Like a giant
what?
Um I probably say around our age, upper 30s or so. Um she has two young boys that are still in preschool, so I would have jim. Would you open it? Quiet my bird?
It's no sad though. I mean to see that like and that's why we chose to do the hybrid. Um We had a choice, it was full time hybrid or strictly online and my husband and I were talking, we're like, you know, we don't know if we want them to go full time, but the fact that these kids are starving for that socialization, like they needed something. Um Plus we moved to a new district, so my third grader was going into completely new school in the middle of a pandemic. Has no, you know, all new friends, My Kindergartner, it was a little bit easier because she knew she was transitioning, but
that's why we
yeah,
it's it's a shame. Um, I feel so bad for the kids and there's one district in particular that we had moved from uh locally here, that started out as hybrid and then the kids went back full time for maybe a week and then they said, oh well due to the rising cases, you're going to go online for two weeks. So they went from hybrids the full time to all online for two weeks and then they just started back full time again on monday. And I'm like mentally decide what does that do to a child, but you know, you can't bounce back and forth, there has to be some sort of routine, some sort of consistency, you know, this is crazy enough as it is. Um, you know, and it's, it's hard enough on us parents, do, you know, helping our kids and then having to do juggle whether or not they're going to school or not going to school is even more difficult. Yeah.
No.
All
You
know?
Right.
Yeah,
Course.
No.
I didn't call,
I'll tell you what the schools, um, our school has done a really, really good job at, you know, making sure that things are clean. You know, every child has their own separate set of supplies. Um, the hybrid kids don't interact with the full time kids. So like my kids that go monday Tuesday, the only other kids that they interact with are the ones that are in their class, which reduces, you know, transmission rates and this and that um the lunch in their classroom, they go out to recess, everybody separate. They've done a really good job and actually they haven't, they've maybe had three cases or four cases totalled in the entire district, which you figure high school, junior high and then three elementary. So you know, that's that's a pretty, I'd say that's pretty successful.
it
was a mix. There was, I think like 22 adults and then there was one in the high school, but they said that the child was online only, so they never even they
were never even in the school. Uh And then the other one was a child at the middle school from. So they've been, I mean they've been doing a really, really good job, it's sanitizing everything like Wednesdays, all the kids are home. Um you know, they clean and they get everything ready for the thursday friday kids and Mhm. You know, it's so far has been working out, they encouraged everybody, you know, to drive their Children, pick them up, drop them off instead of taking the bus, so that's what we do. So that also limit the exposure that they have, you know, to germs and stuff,
but you know, they have to wear a mask all day, that's, they don't really like it, but that's kind of another reason why we did hybrid, because I didn't want my kids sitting in a classroom for eight hours, five days a week wearing a mask, they're not comfortable, you know, you want to be able to see people smile and especially Children when they're socializing with each other. So they, you know, they really enjoy the days that they go to school. But um, it kind of gives them something to look forward to to. But if we would go back to all online, they're used to it because we do it three days a week. So it's kind of like a nice little mix of both. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
No. What's like your account for the state? How many are you averaging daily now? Yeah.
Aren't as really small? Okay. What are you supposed to be doing? Oh well, thank you. But are you supposed to be doing your worksheets? Okay. Well is this a worksheet honey? Is this a worksheet? Okay then why don't you go? Okay. They're one of the dogs, lovely. Yeah. Here, mommy, here's a llama paper, There's poop in the hallway. The joys of online teaching right here. Yeah.
No, it's um it's interesting like even the days that the kids are all him on that Wednesday, the teachers are still in the classroom
now.
My dogs are jumping on each other. Guys. Come on, That's enough shit. Yeah, I have four dogs.
you know what they listen better than my kids. Mm Oh it's something I'll tell you what and I have a feeling that it's just gonna get worse from here. Um But my nine year old, she's actually doing a lot better. She was she had a behavior, she has a behavioral disorder. Um But with therapy and medication it's been, you know, we're much better than where we were. Um But I was thankful that she really only had anger outbursts at home and not at school. She was like two different people at school. I go into a parent teacher conferences and they're like, oh your kids great. You know, she gets along with everybody. She listens like, are we talking about the same kid here? Because here I am struggling with medications and therapy sessions and this and that, and these people were telling me how great how wonderful she is and how much she behaves, but they always seem to act different at school.
Um D. M. D. D. I don't know if you've ever heard of it, It's from this uh disruptive mood dis regulation disorder. There were a lot of Ds and I had to figure out how to put them on again, disruptive mood dis regulation disorder. And basically um she gets very angry and has aggressive tendencies and aggressive outbursts. Um and we've come to find out that a lot of it is anxiety driven. So she is on any anti anxiety medication and it's done amazing things for her. Um
You know and she's like her teacher will tell me, you know, she's wonderful, she said she's welcoming, she's inclusive to all the other kids. I haven't had one behavioral issue with her. Um but it seems to be like when her routine is upset, okay that's it triggers it and she doesn't sit and cry and get nervous and worry. It comes out as anger. That's
my oldest. Yeah.
No
Yeah.
Yeah that that makes a big difference. Um We're on Lexapro in 10 X. Guan foreseen um which Guan foreseen is a, it's used to treat 80 HD but it's actually a blood pressure pill and it's a non stimulant. And it's used for like impulsive behaviors basically calms them down, lowers the blood pressure. Um The Lexapro that's the antidepressant anti anxiety. But there are a ton of medications out there and I'll tell you what, we have tried a lot of them because my daughter would have severe physical side effects. Um Like once the medication would build up in her system after a couple of months she developed tics like like she would have Tourette's in the one time. It was so bad. My husband and I rushed her to the emergency room and they did um I don't know on your brain. Is it called a cat scan or an MRI they need that to make sure there were like no um us or anything in her brain. Like we were terrified. Here it was the medication. So they did a A. D. N. A. Test. I don't know if you're familiar
Two.
Um I wish it would have provided me more information. You have to remember. It only looks at how the medication is going to affect her D. N. A. So all everything came back and her psychiatrist said that this group of medications and I forget what it was called. But um oh it was anti they're used to treat seizures, the one that she was on because they thought that this these anger outbursts are like seizure activity within the brain. They give an anti seizure medication an anticonvulsant and it comes that part of the brain down which was wonderful until she developed the ticks. We'll we were expecting to see something on these test results saying hey you know, these aren't going to work well for her. And it said that she shouldn't experience any side effects with these medications, remind you. We knew, okay, that's something is not right here and it's not mixing well with her. So it's a good place to start. But it doesn't explain all of the side effects or all of the symptoms, but it gives you kind of a guidance as to, hey, it might be better to try this med over this med in this class of, you know, antidepressants. It might be better to try medicine A versus Medicine B, but it's not going to say, hey, these are gonna be the medicines that are going to change your life. That uh, it's not that, you know, particular or do you tonight?
Well,
don't give up, I'm
telling you from experience, um, having the right combination of medication and the therapy and the good therapist. It makes a world of difference. Um, you know, I was in a position where my daughter would come after me and be aggressive towards me almost every day, multiple times a day sometimes. And I would be physically exhausted From trying to fight her off and stuff. You know, she's 70, I'm only five ft tall. No. Um, it was, it was mentally draining, but it was physically draining for me too. Okay. I can't tell you the last time she's been aggressive, wow, it's been at least six months and yeah, it's you just, it's so much trial and error. I mean, it took us a couple of years to find the right meds. Yeah. So it will happen. It just, it is, it's a lot of experimenting. It's a lot of, Hey, let's try this for a month. Hey, let's try that for a month. But you'll get there. Yeah.
And
I know. I have been there, believe me. I know. And she, even though she, I consider her to be somewhat stable, she still sees a therapist every other week and I sit in with the appointment in the appointment with her. Um
because I think that's important too. Because just as much as we expect them to change, we also have to be there to support that change. So if you don't know what goes on in those therapy appointments, you can enforce that at home and you can't, you know, use what they say. But yeah, you, you just got to keep going and you will find that, you know, right medication for her. It just takes time. It really does. Oh
yeah,
Thanks.
Anyway.
one
more
for you. What? Then then go honey. Mhm. Yeah. She comes out shortly. I need to pope.
Right.
Oh my goodness. Well I hate to cut you off but I better get going and keep her on task.
Yeah. Well, she she does pretty good. She waits by herself. But then it's mommy, it's brown. I need help like oh my God. Like you're
supposed to be watching your teacher not playing in the bath. Mhm.
Ah You too.
But
it was. I enjoyed our conversation.
I know. I know, but just just keep it in the back of your mind that it will get better when you find that you know good mix. You will it will get better for her. Okay?
It will.
You
too. Bye.