Why
morning? How are you
doing? Well,
I'm john,
nice to meet you, Ashley.
I'm in Portland Oregon.
Hey, just turned a, yeah,
Okay.
So you've had a little little more,
a little bit more of your Wednesday? How's it going?
How many kids you have?
It's easy
to
get,
how's
that working out?
I do, yeah, almost the same age is, I've got my daughter's in fifth grade, she's 10.5 and then my son is six and he's in kindergarten as well, but we are all all online. I'm a school teachers while I teach third grade. Um so we're completely online. Um and I mean, the kids haven't been in a, well, I mean, my son was in preschool last year, but I mean they haven't been in the classroom since March
of
last
year. Yeah, on, on so many levels.
it's, it's really tough. It's, it's taken a toll on, on a lot of people like I've seen
just even like in my family and in in my circle, um you know, a
lot of mental health issues then um in some people that have, you know, historically had mental health issues, it's obviously like really made those worse. Uh and then, oh, that's my alarm to hop on here. Um and then people that
I haven't had mental health issues,
you know, people are really struggling and It was a big topic of conversation last night with my wife and I um my grandparents are still alive, my grandpa is 90 and My Grandma's 88 and um thanksgiving is like her day, that's the bill cooks every year and was planning on cooking this year. And
the reality of, you know her, I mean, not, I guess she's still able to cook, but people not being able to come over and enjoy a meal at her house and
we've got a huge extended
family and It's really taken a toll on her. And yesterday was their their 69th wedding anniversary. So yeah, I call them to wish him a happy anniversary and you could just hear the sorrow
in her voice and um you know, you wonder like how many more of these does she have left and to think it's possibly her last thanksgiving and she doesn't even get to enjoy it the way that she wants to.
Its fab.
All
No.
Here. No, not at all. I mean, and that's that's one of the problems that I don't think a lot of people realize is that teaching is just so nuanced and so much more than just presenting material. It's you know, reading the kids and their level of understanding, But then
also a really big part of it is just being a social worker and seeing you know what's going on in their lives. And um the neighborhood that I teach in is has a lot of immigrant families and um a lot of people that you know parents are working
multiple jobs. Mhm.
That's
dedication.
Is she she older
teacher? Younger.
Yesterday I had one of these yesterday and my son is just so starved for outside connections and like people new faces and new new conversation partners that like he tried to like take over the last 10 minutes of my conversation talking to the guy about like you play video games and uh it was
I
mean that identical to us. We bought a house Um The end of september, yeah,
end of september and moved in in the middle of october um new district and we had we had moved the kids back as soon as we got the accepted offer on the house and move them to their new districts so that they could start interacting with friends online and start building those connections and relationships. But yeah, it's basically non existent. I mean it's really hard to connect with people and a new friendship over Webcam, especially when you're, you know, five or 10. So.
that was a big part of it um in the spring, I mean last spring and just caught some and get caught everybody off guard. And it took from a teacher's perspective, it took something that's not meant, especially at the elementary school level, it's not meant to be online, like for a high schooler that's really motivated and responsible. Sure. Um, college classes. Sure. But you know, I took online college classes When I was in my early 20s and I wasn't dedicated enough to be successful at them. Like
it's asking a lot of kids and in turn asking a lot of parents. Um, so in the spring everybody was just kind of flying by the seat of their pants and we had no idea really what we were doing and we were just trying to keep our heads above water and parents had no idea what they were doing. And um, I had a lot of parents that were really concerned and sending me emails saying like, yeah, is my
kid going to pass? And
I just
was brutally honest with them and said like, you know, this isn't something I'm advertising, but how your kid is being rated for the rest of the year is, do they participate? So if they're making an effort it will show up as a pass on the report card. Um
It's changed now for this school year, the state um put a lot more, they did a lot more, uh I don't even know what you would call, they put a lot more restrictions and rules on. Um
So like the curriculum minutes taught, um Live teaching, there's a live teaching requirement. Um And yeah, so I've actually been on on leave since
september, my daughter was having some health issues, so I took uh FMLA And I'm going back to work on the 30th, so I haven't really been exposed to this year yet, but I'm not not looking forward to it at all um for numerous reasons. Um you know, we we moved recently and we downsize a little bit, so I don't, there's not an extra space in the house, so okay, I don't have a room where I can just go and be like teaching. I'm in my son's bedroom right now and you know, they're going to be downstairs doing their school thing. My wife was working from home before the pandemic. She's a legal assistant, but I mean she's going to be trying to be a legal assistant, a mom, a teacher, all of that at once. And, and I, you know, I feel bad that I'm going to just be walking
out the door and I'm like, okay, I'm going to do my thing for what, six hours, 6.5 hours and I'll be back to help pick up the pieces later. But yeah, it's, I guess what you got to do. Um I was initially I was really very cautious and like, you know, I I don't feel safe, I don't feel comfortable going back into a classroom until this is under control. Um I had told myself, you know, I'm not going to take some vaccine that's been rushed through
but now I'm to the point where I'm ready to just go back into the classroom without the vaccine, roll the dice and say, you know what, I'm 40 year old that's in relatively decent health. If I get it, maybe I'll come out the other side, I'll probably come out the other side. I'm, you know, almost willing to take that chance just to be done with all of this.
Were they were the student cases or adult cases or a mix
or
We're
We're not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean like I said, we we had talked that same thing was offered here in Oregon um as early as july and august and we had kind of talked about pros and cons of all the different models and just decided to keep everyone safe, we would just do strictly online that ended up just being the only option. Um Our district said that they were going to reassess. Um I think it was actually supposed to be this monday, so back in july or august, they said well we'll get to November 16 and we'll we'll take a look at things and possibly go back on the 23rd
and like a week after that, they're like okay now we're just gonna push it out to january 13th or 14th or whatever it is. So I think currently that's where it is out here, but the numbers are really rising in, in Oregon and Portland area as well. But
had been down in the like three and 4 years and over the last week. Um It really spiked and I forget what the average was, but we broke the record like three consecutive days up at like 1100 and 1200 um cases per state, which, you know, probably doesn't sound super high, but Oregon's fairly rural outside of the Portland, like I five corridor, north and south. The west side of the state has, I would say probably 75% of the population. Um So you know, there's just, there's not as many people as pennsylvania, other east coast states.
Yeah, I mean, and that's a prime example of like why I think I'm just gonna need to leave and go into my building to, to work, you know, it's not ideal. I love to teach from home in sweatpants, but yeah, I just I don't think it would be best for anybody,
You
know,
they seem to listen better than my kids breath.
if you don't if you don't mind me asking what, what's her diagnosis,
That's great to hear.
that's what
and yeah, I mean, I get like, that's just one more thing that we have in common, like we've been going through, I mean, still, I think we're still trying to get it figured out with my daughter. Um but she's always been a very anxious kid um and we started seeing depression pop up in over the summer and um took her to the pediatrician, tried some medications um The first one that we tried was uh antidepressant PROzac. Um and she had a horrible reaction to it, like it made all the symptoms worse. Uh and she was you know, it would picketer at her arm. Um self harm, thoughts of suicide, talk of suicide and ended up in the in the hospital for almost a week. Um and tried a different medication, seems to be working for a little bit now, just kind of spiraling out again and yeah, it's the therapy sessions and you know, but the downside of that is we just recently got her um got a new therapist, she had been working with this lady and when Emma ended up in the hospital the lady was like, yeah this is outside of my realm of care, you know, she was just a licensed social worker, so
we found a psychiatrist
but m has only been able to have online appointments, weather and hasn't connected with her and so you know, and that's such a piece of it. And you know, she just kind of shuts down during the during the appointments and doesn't want to participate and you know, I don't really blame her. She doesn't know this lady and
That fight in the squad. Yeah. We yeah, we've been talking about that. We're we've brought it up to the psychiatrist multiple times and she said, you know, the insurance company probably won't pay for it unless we have um evidence of like multiple failed um
medications. So, I think we're getting closer to it, but I'm intrigued what was your experience with that?
And you know, that's the thing, you know, like you said, there are so many medications, but I guess that's kind of a double edged sword in the fact of like that's the frustration. It's almost like where do you start, what do you try? It feels like everything is just a shot in the dark and the other downside of the medications is that so many of them take so long to get into your system, so you're waiting for to six weeks just for a glimmer of hope and like maybe this is the one and then if it's not, you have to wait, You know, 4-6 weeks some time for it to get out of your system and Yeah,
it's
No.
I mean six months just sounds like
a paradise right now. Like we could get six months of not like the daily just drain because like you said it is it's draining and um puts a strain on every, every relationship, her relationship with her brother, our relationship with her, our relationship with him, our relationship with each other and yeah, it's just yeah.
Yeah. My wife.
yeah,
it's, I don't know, it's one of those things where like 10 years ago leaving the hospital like I never would have thought like this is where we would be and um and you know it's another part of it too is that there's such a stigma around mental health and you know you just feel, I mean I guess I won't speak for you but like I just felt so isolated like I was going through this alone. This was something that you know we had to pull the shades and deal with and you know once you start talking to people it's something that so many people
are experiencing and so many people have gone through and so many people are going through even just a outside of COVID restrictions and 20 like
it has been a thing is a thing and it will continue to be a thing, but there's not that like awareness and the ability to just have open discussions like this and to connect with somebody and to hear their experience and you know, that's, that's all I wanted in the beginning was that light at the end of the tunnel because it felt like it was just in a cave and I didn't even know which way was the way back to where we had come from. It was just spending around in darkness and just yeah, somebody with a flashlight. But like, hey, we we survived this, we got through this was all all I wanted And those, those stories slowly started to to come out and you know, I found a co worker, somebody had worked with for 13 years, almost identical situation with her daughter and yeah, and I had no idea like she had problems with her. I knew that. But you know, I I just wrote it off as you know, well she's 12 now and it's hormones and you know, that's it will go away. It will regulate. That will work
itself
out.
What? Yeah, think think think. Uh huh. Let me check the flow chart here. Yeah. It
looks like the next box is the bathroom?
Yeah. Is there anything like my house? The next one is I'm ready for a wipe.
The
well best of luck to you.
And
last year Wednesday it was great to connect and
Yeah, it was kind of that we have so much comment
Yeah.
Hang
in there.