SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hey how you doing? What's up?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I can't complain. Just got that running some errands. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: me too. Yeah I've actually been living in Portland for like a week now. I moved from Atlanta so I'm enjoying things like legal weed you know?
SPEAKER_L: Got you, got you interesting. You say you just moved to it uh to Portland? I'm actually in Stone Mountain.
SPEAKER_R: Stone mountain Georgia. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yes yes. So what
SPEAKER_R: So. No I was gonna say we would have only been like 30 minutes away from each other.
SPEAKER_L: that's a gotcha. What's what up neighborhood where you in?
SPEAKER_R: Sandy Springs right inside the perimeter.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So uh how close were you to the motor station?
SPEAKER_R: I think the one on Peachtree Dunwoody was like a couple blocks down like four blocks down.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's awesome. I know. Right where? Right where that is? So what what made you move to Portland?
SPEAKER_R: um Kind of kind of just wanted a change. My fiance and I had been living in Atlanta for five years. We moved there right after college. He does sound for film and tv and I'm an actor so we weren't interested in L. A. We weren't interested in new york. We thought Atlanta was the best of both worlds, we could still have a car. Um It still be in the south you know? But it didn't end up working out like we had hoped uh we didn't uh
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to stardom or anything like that. He has actually made a career of it and can work from home, but I have not had any success. So we started getting a little stagnant and uh rather than just sort of stay in the rut, we were like let's there's something crazy, let's move across the country. Um And then the coronavirus hit. Uh we were going to get married in april and that we had to cancel that because we weren't trying to get people sick or get sick ourselves,
SPEAKER_L: can't you?
SPEAKER_R: so we had to cancel that. So we are still only fiancees for now. Um But then we thought we don't have to let this affect our move if we're smart about it, If we stay distance, if we were masks uh we think we can do it. And with the help of my almost
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: father in law we drove a U haul and my car from Atlanta to here.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Better. Cool awesome.
SPEAKER_R: it was a great trip. I'll never forget it.
SPEAKER_L: I can only imagine how many days did it take?
SPEAKER_R: 6, 5 nights, six days.
SPEAKER_L: Okay where did you spend the night?
SPEAKER_R: Um first night was in ST louis, that was the longest day. That was like almost nine hours. And then the next day was Omaha Nebraska and then uh fort Collins colorado, Salt lake city, Utah
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Boise Idaho. And then here.
SPEAKER_L: wow that's awesome. There is
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: once we got past Tennessee, I had never been in any of those states before, so it was really cool.
SPEAKER_L: I can only imagine. Yeah um at one point in my life I used to be a flight attendant and so I've had the opportunity to travel to 35 states in the U. S. A. We
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: so cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and you mentioned traveling to get to a Portland. I just recently purchased a touring bicycle. And so yeah, I'm gonna brag on her. She's her name
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: is, her name is, Oh Sheila. You know the song? Okay, let me, let me see the Morning camps. So the song is ohh, but her name is oh just the letter O and Sheila, but
SPEAKER_R: So she's irish.
SPEAKER_L: I never thought about it that way. But yeah, I guess I guess you could say she's irish. Um so she's a she's a touring bike and basically um She can hold up to £60 of a gear.
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: It's and so this bike is known as a global touring by people, write it all over the world. And so my goal is basically, I'm kind of burned out on Atlanta and the goal is for maybe a year to just tour and do a literacy campaign.
SPEAKER_R: That is so freaking cool.
SPEAKER_L: But just, I mean talking to you, I mean you're talking about getting out of a rut, that's what I'm trying to do.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: Just get Yeah, but I just bought the bike back in october and I always having some tire problems actually, it wasn't the tires, it was the tubes. And so I was told by my bicycle shop there in the Grant, you know Grant Park, right where the zoo is loose net cycles. And so they were like, hey, what we'll do uh this coming up week, we'll upgrade your tires to touring tires that get between 15 to 20,000 miles
SPEAKER_R: Whoa,
SPEAKER_L: and are known for not going flat and then
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: gonna I'm gonna get the racks that I need for my bike and then the pen years of the bags and it's just it's amazing. Thank you Mr trump For the 1200 because he upgraded my bike.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, that's how I got here. The money of those, of our checks together paid for our move.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, that's awful.
SPEAKER_R: That's the only good thing he's ever done
SPEAKER_L: Hey my my thing is thank you. I'm uh you know, as they say down here, bless his heart, thank you, thank
SPEAKER_R: lot.
SPEAKER_L: you. You
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: know and this, you know, so for me, okay um kind of like what I figured out like what I said with literacy, there's so much that people don't know, like I coupon I've been couponing for like 56 years, I'm in a group on facebook, mostly white women and um but I'm in there uh and then there's all sorts of other groups that I belong to, where it just deals with people doing things like dumpster diving, where they'll go to Cbs and they'll take all of the cosmetics and flip it on Ebay or
SPEAKER_R: dang,
SPEAKER_L: go go to Kroger and find all the frozen turkeys that they need to get rid of. And again, put him in there, Deep Freezer, 50 60 frozen turkeys. So I mean the, the game just doesn't stop. And so um, oh online, if you have a degree, you can teach Uh students, I used to teach in China and Taiwan, but you can teach students English now on your laptop, just like what we're doing right now, 2,000 3000 a month.
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: a couple of friends who do that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, so like I'm just looking at everything and what I've noticed is that a lot of the things that I do, even with me bicycling, um there are other non white people that bicycle, but in my neighborhood I live in the stereotype is that's just what white people do. And so, and so what I, what I discovered is that, you know what just bring literacy to people and like one of the things that I'm going to do, because I'm not trying to over talk, this
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: please talk away. I find it very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Um, what I just, what I discovered, I grew up in predominantly white environments most of my life, my father is an O B G Y N. My mother works in physical therapy and so, so my neighborhood, primarily white growing up, but I never really had that quote unquote black experience and so part of what I've always wanted my whole life was that experience. But what I've discovered is that in the experience there's a lot of people that just don't believe that I've done the things that I've done, the only way they believe it is when they see it in action. So, um part of me writing the bike is I noticed that there are a lot of black american women, I don't know if you know this, but about 70 to 80% of black women or raise Children by themselves,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: but it's very, very high. And so what I discovered is what, what I'm gonna be doing, I can be like a virtual father and have an opportunity because the first thing I'm going to be doing is just reading books but have an opportunity just to travel the country, reading books, going to community centers, going to churches, even though I'm not religious, I will never tell them that. Uh, just
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: there, You're in good company.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Thank you. But just going to the different places that need um, people to read to them and then eventually getting into a level where it's like, hey look, I want to find people in the neighborhood, Can I record you and put you on line reading no matter what your background is? And because at the end of the day, like um wow, you got to be going, um,
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm glad,
SPEAKER_L: there's like the average person in, in lower class America Only speaks about 1500 words a day. That's it. But then, but then someone like me with a master's degree, I'm speaking between 10, 15, words a day. So when it comes time for those types of folks, no matter what color they are to be able, like if they get pulled over by the police, they don't have the vocabulary to be able to get out of it. And so like me, I got pulled over by the police about six months ago. But as soon as I got pulled over on my bike, I was able to let the officer know, hey, I get paid with this app to take pictures and I was like, okay, no problem, have a way out of this out against the law. But I've been in situations where people are like, hey man, you know, fuck 12, like that's how they speak and it's like no, no no. And so the goal is it's not to change anyone, it's just to give them access to knowledge the information. Because I feel like I've also taught at universities in the past And I feel like our K through 12 system and our college system doesn't do a good job teaching just the basic skills that people need to survive and I'm done.
SPEAKER_R: No I I agree wholeheartedly. I mean I was fortunate enough that I got a full ride scholarship to college because of my my grades and you know I was raised by a single mother, so our very low income put me up for this scholarship that was offered at my college. I went to the University of north Carolina School of the Arts. Uh I got a B. F. A. In um in theater there um and that's where I met my fiance and he was in the film division. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: He was not so fortunate and his student debt is just in increasing because of all the interest and you have to defer it and you have to consolidate it and it's like you can't see the surface, it's like you'll be, you know, you hear like Michelle Obama paid off her student loans only when she was the first lady, that was the only time she had enough money to be able to pay it off. Like why do we have to be presidents to be able to afford and why am I being punished for wanting to educate myself? And the thing that like you got me on my side, I'm still your soapbox, you got me go
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: enough.
SPEAKER_L: go hard, go hard.
SPEAKER_R: Um but it's like why am I being punished for wanting to educate myself and then you don't create opportunities for me to be able to actually apply the degree to then be able to earn the money back to pay because everybody wants fresh faces, but nobody wants to give green people opportunities because they're like, you're inexperienced, we want someone more experienced, but how am I going to get experience if you don't give me the experience. And the only way you want to give me experiences to essentially be an intern
SPEAKER_L: Be free
SPEAKER_R: and not get paid. And,
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: and he and he learned in one of his classes from a, from a professor that said,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: if they are not willing to pay you at an internship within two weeks leave, they'll never pay you.
SPEAKER_L: amen. Amen.
SPEAKER_R: You can't prove your worth to stick around in two weeks and they're not willing to pay you get out of there because they're never paying you
SPEAKER_L: And then we're gonna pay you. I'm gonna tell you when I was working on my masters in Kentucky,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: what a lady did, she worked at Fruit of the Loom, That's where um um in bowling green Kentucky, that's where they're based. And
SPEAKER_R: Oh, massacre at rest in peace.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes, yes, I I was there when it happened, but basically
SPEAKER_R: look,
SPEAKER_L: what she did, her husband was a farmer, but in her little small town she discovered that there was a guy with the office who let her work for free. So she worked for free for like a year or two as a secretary and then she came to our program and was able to get the job. So that's what she did to get in. But then let me give you a quick other story. There was there was a young lady that I knew when I was working as a I was working as a basic skills for college teaching coordinator at the university, basically teaching graduate students have to teach and no matter what your background was in. And so this girl, she was a student worker from India and I told her exactly what you were saying, you don't have the experience, but I need experience. I said this is what you do Venkata. I need you to go to them and tell them that you're willing to volunteer. Once she got there they found out that she had a pharmacy degree from India and all this other stuff that she had going on and that her background right now was public health Within six months she had a job.
SPEAKER_R: that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Ah but the thing is you got to play them at their game. And the other thing, like I said earlier, my father's O B G Y N. And he always told me what you do is this work for somebody for a year or two or even three years, suck all the knowledge from them and then create your own even if you have to get a shitty job and you know to pay your bills on on the side creates something for yourself because they can't take that away from you. The average person realizes in America the way that the society is set up, it's set up to keep you, grab it at the crumbs, they don't want you to get the food, they want you to go for the crumbs when you're in school, they don't teach you to be an entrepreneur or an employer, they teach you to be an employee because that's what the system wants, even the degrees that they put out and say, we'll get this degree, get this degree to get this degree, Certain industries will tell the universities we want you to pump this up knowing that the more people that are in something the less money than it pays. So I'll tell you this, wow, this is amazing, There is a concept called false scarcity. They already know that there's too many doctors, there's too many lawyers. There's too many, there's too many that. So the reason why it's really difficult to get like in the law school and grant and and and certain medical programs in certain graduate programs is because it's protecting their bottom line. They want to protect the money and they already know to, I hate to say this, but in this country I wouldn't have known this unless I lived in a predominantly white, upper middle class neighborhood. But it's a closed system. If mommy and daddy knows somebody, they can easily get you a job easily, easily, easily. And it's not really, and I say this as a black man. Yes, it is race, but at the same time it is class. I'm not saying which one is greater than the other. I would never do that because I don't get off into the oppression olympics. But what I am saying is that um this the game is rigged in a lot of ways and when I went overseas to teach english in china, The average professor over there only makes $500 a month. The average,
SPEAKER_R: jeez.
SPEAKER_L: The average doctor in China only makes $500 a month. But because I'm an American, they were paying me 2500 a month. I knew a lady who had a certificate in teaching which I don't have. They were paying her 5000 a month. Because again you have to you have to know where to go. You have to know how to play the game. And the average person. Unfortunately your high school counselor isn't going to tell you this because they don't really know either. And in college they're not going to tell you either. They're just going to give you the information on a sheet. It's the same thing with a doctor. They just tell you what the pharmacy, what the pharmaceutical company wants them to say. But if you get a real doctor, they'll be like, uh don't take that. They'll give you the game. But we live in a country where unfortunately people are told that a it's it's wide open. You can do anything you want. You can but you're going to kill yourself doing it. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: No, you're fine.
SPEAKER_L: When I say you're going to kill yourself doing it. I'm saying like what I want to do with my bike, you wouldn't believe how many people who only believe in the way the system tells them to live. They think that I'm an idiot. And I have to remind myself, jeremy, you're just visiting this environment for right now. The average person doesn't know anything about my background, doesn't know anything about what I've done. Me just looking at you. I don't know that you went to the north carol Unc I would never know that. So what we have to do, there's a book that I want you to look at and you need to read it just because I'm recommending it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. It down.
SPEAKER_L: The name of the book is why should white guy, why should why should white guys have all the fun
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Already like the sound of it Because why should they?
SPEAKER_L: and it's written exactly. Hold on them. I should like it's by Reginald Lewis and what most people don't know. Back in the 80s, he was the first black man to create a billion dollar empire, but
SPEAKER_R: Damn.
SPEAKER_L: nobody, nobody knows about them. And he came from very humble beginnings and one of the things that he said is this what we should be doing every single day of our lives, letting people know who we are so be I let people know I'm gonna be riding my bike soon on a bicycle tour in the US for a year or two after that. I'm definitely taking it internationally. But I also know that if I don't say it, nobody's going to know it. And so for you again, I wouldn't tell anybody what to do because that's not what my role is in life. But Spike lee came to my university when I was working on my masters and this is just a real quick aside to that story, one of the professors was like jeremy, I need you to stand by the stage and I got to shake his hand and hand him the microphone.
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so he said something that really stuck with me, This is like in 2009 he said we all have put on, we all have these things and he said, you, somebody asked him how could they get the capital to be able to film and do this and do that. He's like, you've got a smartphone, he's like, if you can use a smartphone, you can edit that stuff, you can put it on Youtube, you can put it wherever you need to put it and keep it moving. And if they don't see the beauty in what you have, keep doing what you do and keep doing your auditions as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's very inspiring.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this I just that's a big part of who I am as a human being. I love finding information and then just sharing it, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's great.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. But but just real quick with Reginald Lewis like that man, he came from very humble beginnings, he wound up going to a hbcu I do believe in Baltimore. And you know, he he came from the bottom he granted to the top. And you know, there's another book I'll tell you about just because we're talking about books. Um, I mean I read, I read books all across the, you know, the spectrum, but it's written by a black male and his name is Lawrence Otis Graham and the name of the book is called our kind of people. Okay. What it does is it gives you insight into the black elite upper class that exists in America, but nobody ever talks about and he breaks it down by families, the businesses that they own where they summer at. I mean, it's just amazing. I tried to share this book back in the late 90's with and I come from Chicago. So I went to school at something on the university for my undergrad and a lot of the students that I went to school with, they came from the hood and they were proud of it. There's nothing wrong with that.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And I shared the book with them, oh my God, they didn't want to read it, They were pissed because again, this is the kind of information that just really isn't shared, you know, And uh, it is what it is at the end of the day, I kind of feel like part of me will be doing that as well, Sharing that information. But the number one thing is first working with K through 4th graders just to kind of help them out because I know you don't have Children yet. But one of the things that they discovered with people that have kids, you can talk to your Children and say, is your mom a democrat and Republican. They already know and they can do exit polls, they can already figure out who's going to win the election based on talking to the kids
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy,
SPEAKER_L: they, you know, they get, and so my thought is work with the kids because the kids are already influencing their parents more than the parents could ever imagine.
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so how are you, how are you, have you been feeling since you've been in Portland?
SPEAKER_R: Honestly, like this is like one of the best decisions I've ever made everywhere, everywhere I go, we don't live in Portland proper. We live in Hillsboro, which is like 15 minutes away, so we live technically outside of the city. Whereas in Atlanta, my address was Atlanta, even though we were in Sandy Springs, it's just, it's so much nicer. There's a sense of community here and like the only disappointing thing is like because of the virus, we can't really like get in and explore. Like we want to kind of have to be at a safe distance or we have to get our food to go. Uh people who are sitting inside again like eating at a restaurant, I do not understand
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it, like freaks me out. Like like on the way back from our errands there were three people sitting outside with a beer at a bar and I'm like and I and then I opened my phone and find out that the Los Angeles governor has just ordered seven counties to close all their bars and nightclubs because it spiked again.
SPEAKER_L: yep, yep, it's spiking in florida spiking here in Georgia again, it's spiking all over the country, but see the thing is common sense isn't so common and and uh cbs I just read a poll that cbs did with you gov it was amazing is split down ideological lines. Republicans feel like they can do whatever they want. For the most part, it's personal choice and democrats and independents and I'm an independent believe that it's a public health and we should be doing it for public health reasons. So at the end of the day, it's split. Um, I can do what I want with my body or I want to take care of my fellow human being,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah republicans don't like it when they get told what to do with their bodies, do they?
SPEAKER_L: but I'm gonna tell you something when they go into the hospital. And my friend showed me, and I got a friend in Indonesia. Uh, he showed me the picture of what the respirator actually looks like inside the body. They have to uh, make you unconscious and shove a tube down your throat to keep you alive. This thing ain't is real. And I've seen stories of people like, uh, it ain't real. And there were three pastors, they said it wasn't real, they're all dead now. And this this is this is this is anecdotal. And then there was a guy, I never forget, hardcore Republican had a facebook page said it wasn't real. And about a week or two later, he's dead now too. And his wife trying to clean it up like, oh, he didn't mean it the way that he said it, Well his facebook page says something completely different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and he's dead now
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: from it.
SPEAKER_L: did.
SPEAKER_R: It's real
SPEAKER_L: He it's real, it's real, but I'll tell you this um, what's your name again
SPEAKER_R: it's Ashley. I
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: don't think we ever actually I only knew your name because you were referring to yourself as bear me,
SPEAKER_L: Ashley nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you jeremy.
SPEAKER_L: Um I interviewed at Alaska Airlines. Oh man, Back in like 2003, I was, I was trying to move on to another airline. It didn't work out for me, but I wound up going to Portland and uh, I'll never forget going to pike's fish market and seeing them throw the fish, somebody had a fresh peach blew my mind. I mean the guy sliced it and just passed it to me. It was amazing. I got there is a mountain I'll never forget. I could always, no matter where I would drive, I can see this mountain snow
SPEAKER_R: Mount
SPEAKER_L: capped Mount heard oh my gosh. There was a pirate hip hop radio station that somebody had going on that played unfiltered hip hop. And
SPEAKER_R: Do you remember what it is? I have to look into that
SPEAKER_L: it was it was just me just going through the stations and it popped up. It
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: I don't listen to the radio. I listen to my phone when I get in the car so
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna need to was it AM thing or was
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: FM
SPEAKER_L: it was F. M. It was FM. But uh it was just the culture just being out there. But I knew that I kind of didn't fit in the corporate culture because uh I showed up to the interview wearing all brown and everybody else wore black. It is what it is.
SPEAKER_R: I love that imagery though. I love that. Why not? I don't think I would wear something traditional. I don't like wearing traditional stuff. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean I wasn't doing it to like stand out. I just figured you know what dress clothes and dress clothes. But I'll never forget when they told me Ashley, uh the people that were interviewed and they were like, hey man we just want you to know something. It's been sunny for the past 34 days you've been here, but normally it's overcast. I was like with my depression, I can't, I gotta go but uh it was just so great being up there. Uh The only thing I didn't like uh they upgraded my rental car to an suv and the downtown which is so hilly in Portland. I didn't like that because my wheels would kind of turn before they would grab hold. But it was great being out there for like four days. I wound up staying at a motel six and just I made the best of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. We uh, we went downtown um last week for a voodoo doughnuts. Have you heard of them? Yeah so we were able to and it was so cool because there was a line like around the block to go inside because people want to be on instagram and take pictures of the inside. We ordered we ordered online, walked up the dude walked up to us and said are you here to pick up? And we said yeah he walked inside and handed it to us and it took everything in me not to like at the
SPEAKER_L: Hell
SPEAKER_R: people in line like order online, idiot, take a picture of the outside, take a picture of your doughnuts. Why do you need to go in there? So stupid.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: stupid.
SPEAKER_R: that yeah, so then we found out that you know the big stag sign that says Portland Oregon with the stag on it? We were like we want to see it and we found out it was really close by. So we walked because we had found a good parking spot and I was instantly shocked bye. The homeless people literally living among everyone because Atlanta is so gentrified. They have they have whittled the homeless population to one area where if you don't go to that area, you essentially don't see homeless people unless they're busting on the side of the road. Well, I was that's my favorite thing about Portland because I had no issues with homeless people at all. Human beings and everything coexists here. Like I I live across the street from the forest with like pine trees, not whereas in Atlanta, I was in concrete everywhere. It looks like it's the city of trees but not really
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: like cuts in the skyline is gone,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna say this and get back to the point just like it's just like it's the city that's too busy to hate. You're right, get
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: out, get out of here, you know, I'll get on like I ride my bike all over so there's a path system mess out here and so I'm able to ride my bike from here to um the Murder, the king center or the carter center. I can also get to the belt line and you know, it is what it is. You know, I view it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: never actually ever went on the beltline once, like
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: never.
SPEAKER_L: well you know there's the beltline where pops market is and that one is finished and it's made out of you know concrete, but then I've also read the actually rode the beltline on the southern part and it's nothing but gravel and I mean, but it's amazing because you wind up coming out by like this Glenwood neighborhood, but you but literally by the time it's all said and done, it's going to be, you know, circle the city. But at the same time, are you familiar with the come on jeremy? The Super Comet Trail.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds familiar. That sounds very familiar.
SPEAKER_L: The Silver Comet Trail. That's why I'm missing these teeth last. Not this april that passed, but the previous april that past went over the handlebars, the teeth uh, busted open the eye over here up here. Black eye abrasions all over face.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's all good. It's all good wound up um, going down, hitting my head of course, like this shoulder hands, what was crazy about everything actually. They all kept telling me the doctors and the nurses, you should have broken wrists and broken arms, but I didn't remember even doing this. All I remember was the bike going over and I went over the handlebars and I went down And then I was knocked out for about 90 seconds. I got up and tried to continue to ride. But leaving it alone, the civil comment goes from from smarter to anniston Alabama. So from Sreyrna to the state line is about a 60, 70 mile ride and then it turned and that's the silver comic and then once it crosses over to Alabama, it becomes the chief Fadiga trail and then you can go there. Well I had rented uh oh my gosh, he was amazing. This, this, this couple from Atlanta, they now live in Atlanta in Alabama Aniston and they had a Airbnb, A farm with goats and chickens and everything. I was supposed to stay there but 22 miles into the journey and that happened. Uh but the beautiful thing about everything is that I learned so much from it, happening about myself, my resilience, my strength. Um you know about how life can just change because at one point in time I would tell people, oh I can sympathize with you but I couldn't necessarily empathize with them, but I've had a lot of life experiences including that where I can say well you know what, I have empathy now, I really know what it means. And so it was really difficult walking around Atlanta after it happened with you know all the stuff going on
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: in my face, people thought that I had cheated on somebody and
SPEAKER_R: And they
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: beat
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: you up.
SPEAKER_L: and I got beat up but I couldn't, I was just was like I'm gonna leave it alone. But real talk like for me it led to you know me destroying that bike and then it led to me getting the bike that I have now. So for me, I'm like, you know what? Everything works out for a purpose and for a reason, at least for me, and I'm so excited that you and your fiance made it out there, because
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: at the end of the day, I'm not preaching, but I'm gonna say this if you're not happy, who gives a damn if anybody else is happy, and I don't mean it that way, You know how I mean it,
SPEAKER_R: No, of course.
SPEAKER_L: I know people who are like, you know what, you don't deserve to be happy. Well what do you mean? I don't deserve to be happy? Like, I'm the kind of person wherever, like look in my life, we don't know if we're gonna breathe another breath. So why not be where you want to be with the forest across the street and with everything that you want? And so for me, you've inspired me. I just want you to know that because I mean, and I know that I'm making the right decision by getting the hell out of Atlanta. Soon. Soon is that going to be soon? Soon? But it's coming and
SPEAKER_R: Good. I'm excited for you. I know that you're going to do it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um The for me the main thing is just getting my stuff in storage, which I already got the money for that and just getting the hell out of Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: There are, there are lots of other places to see that aren't the location of rigged elections and and you know, just like not even coded racism and gentrification. And I mean I just got so sick of like priorities that where are, where are your priorities? You only care about tourism. You and you only care about the same as people who come from here and the people who come here and give you money to see the famous people.
SPEAKER_L: there you go.
SPEAKER_R: And, and that's what I got sick of. It's just like there's no substance here. It's all about surface. What do you look like? What do you drive? What do you drive poorly at 100 miles down 85 almost sideswiping me and like the last year that we lived there, it was like lanes were a suggestion. People were just weaving and bobbing and then, you know, the racers are taken over where, uh, Mayor Bottoms is saying, we're about to open up a stretch of highway south of the city. no cops, y'all can go off if you die, you die like just stay out of the city. Stay off the streets, you guys
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: can go race down there.
SPEAKER_L: well, you know um wow, I'm going to touch on something real quick and I'm going to touch on what you just said. So we're yeah, we're still in june. We had a guy, I feel so sorry, but we had a guy, he killed three homeless people in Atlanta. Um and I do believe they discovered him in Sandy Springs. Um but it just happened. Three homeless people were killed this month, and at first they didn't know if it was connected or not, and then, um they were able to find pictures and he's now, you know, of course Nobel and I'm happy they got him. Um moving on to the next thing,
SPEAKER_R: No, wait, wait, what was he doing? Like murdering them? I thought you were going to say he was like hitting like he, he was going too fast and like came up on the curb and killed some homeless people with his car.
SPEAKER_L: oh, okay, sorry, Ashley, He had a gun and he was murdering them. He had a gun and he was murdering the last murder that took place. A lady was an attempt. He went into the tent, he shot and killed the lady. There was a Latina latino guy across the street doing some kind of work, he heard it. He then waited a couple minutes, went into the tent and saw splatter everywhere. Okay, And moving on to the next thing. If when you mentioned something, wow, you don't realize it's amazing how these conversations come together. This is the second time I've done this. The last lady I talked
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: to, okay, the last lady I talked to, she um was from Oklahoma. She looked like a white woman, but she was a Latina and she dealt with people saying stuff to her, thinking that she was white. I mean the conversations that we had,
SPEAKER_R: man,
SPEAKER_L: it was just just amazing. But we but she she was like uh kind of like home studying and working from home and her and her husband were doing pretty well. I mean she was making money online. Okay. So the next thing before I forget, so Atlanta, way before the movie industry came, I'll never forget. I asked this girl on a flight to L. A. From Atlanta. I was like in 2005 I said tell me uh you know what I really like? And this was in 2005, she said L. A. It's just like Atlanta, it's the plastic city and um you're so right like that's the thing that really bothers me. Um It's just a phony phony is um that I'm going to make up a word, the phoniness
SPEAKER_R: that's fine. I like it,
SPEAKER_L: with the phony phony is um that I like it, that's here in Atlanta and you have like the people who are from here and they don't really like the fact that the outsiders are here. And then on the flip side you have the people who are moving in, you know, they're building condos, you know martyrs are part of this. I don't know if you know this, but marta they're doing the transit oriented development Todd. So where the martyr station, where you were at, they built the um what's that thing, The state farm building, that's all transit oriented development, what that's all about is this you build a work eat play, that's what it's called. Work eat play. You build their jobs and their work and the uh businesses right near the train station and it gives them an opportunity to be able to do what they need to do. And a lot of these workers, they need to get to Hartsfield, they can hop on the market and get where they need to go and so that's what they're doing in Atlanta near all the trains, not all but a lot of the train stations, they're gentrifying the neighborhoods now by building these new developments, what's Avondale station, they're building, the public's across the street from it and then there's all these condos that they're building up, if you go down to martin Luther King station they're doing the same thing, they're building all these condos and we already know who's not going to be able to afford it. And so and so Atlanta knows what it's doing. The previous mayor of the previous mayor of the previous mayor, I took a picture with Mayor bottoms because I used to go to the W. N. B. A. Games and I met her and she's doing what the elite of Atlanta want her to do. They wanna flush the toilet, that's my language, that's not her language, but they want to flush the toilet and then you have the people who are like you know, they'll do anything just to be able to have what they think is luxury. And the beautiful thing for me, I can't speak for anyone else is that I grew up in a house where at first my family was on welfare, then my dad decided to go to med school and then my dad finally, we went from welfare to my dad having money, so I know what it means to live on welfare and, but a lot of people who know me now, they're like, oh, you know, it's just money, money, money, no, no, no, no, no. And so the thing is I can see how this Atlanta creates this system where people think they have to chase after something and it's not even real,
SPEAKER_R: you'll never get there.
SPEAKER_L: we'll never get to it. And so I figured that out a long time ago when I was a child, you know, I told my father, I said, dad, you grew up on welfare, you grew up in poverty, I said, and you think just because you got that Lexus now with your name on it, that it means something I said, as soon as that Lexus left the car dealership, it dropped in price, you'll never get the money back from it. I was like, so what you shop at? Um uh whatever the name of the, whatever the name I can't think of it, but it's a really fancy Department store. And he was like, my underwear cost $20 a pair. Uh huh. And I was like dad, who cares that your underwear costs $20 a pair. And then he bought the coochie sweaters, $150 each. I mean he had over 50 60 of them. We've come to Atlanta from Chicago and we go to the strip clubs When I was 18, 19 and he dropped $1,000 on me tonight.
SPEAKER_R: Damn
SPEAKER_L: But but you gotta understand something, Ashley. He was only doing it. This approval lesson to me That it means nothing. He tell me the only reason that you go to the Bulls Games. I went to the last three NBA finals for Michael Jordan
SPEAKER_R: hell.
SPEAKER_L: is it? He said the only reason you can do this because I got the money. So I learned it from a young age and my father wasn't being mean. He was just giving it to me straight because I learned something whenever I wasn't in my dad's car or with him, the same people who kissed his ass, never kissed my ass. So my dad could come to Atlanta right now. We can go over, uh, to the Atlanta fish market where they change their menus three times a week and they put them out. You know, I've been all that. But at the end of the day, I'm gonna tell you something actually it don't mean shit. It means nothing. But there's more people in this country that are willing to chase an illusion or not. Um, the final thing I'll say on this because I can go forever and ever and ever and I know we don't have a time limit, but please tell me when you got to go um because the last lady I talked to, I'm not gonna lie. Well we were doing this for about an hour, I was like I don't care. But the last thing I say on this is living in Taiwan, living in china, visiting Japan, visiting South Asia, a Southeast Asia, going to Thailand where we can live for a dollar, a meal. I can get a Apartment for 190 a month Taiwan to in Thailand but I'll just focus on Thailand then we can go to cambodia and the price cuts in half for everything. And I can still be on my computer like I am right now with you making money online, which I already do and at the end of the day, do what I gotta do minus the garbage minus and nonsense. And I'll be honest, Atlanta for me has been very by opening because I needed the experience to know what it really was, but I'll know, but I'll always be thankful. I'll never put Atlanta down, I'll always be thankful. But at the same time for those people who I've noticed a trend and this is a trend that I've noticed. There are a lot of people leaving. A meteorologist, she's famous on television uh, down here in Atlanta. She just moved with her two Children and her husband who's also on tv to charlotte a guy he wrote as a food columnist. He just moved to, I do believe cambodia. Um I've seen so many people uh, that have the means to do so that have been soon, they're gon they're leaving and when they leave, they always say the same thing. It was a great experience. It was a great time. But now it's time for me to go and people who are going to remain here always say the same thing. Here's my number. I'll keep in touch with you. But come on. You know, when you move to the next place, you know, it's kind of difficult to keep up with this lifestyle and this, this reality if you want to call it that I'm sorry. I could go on and on and on. But
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: no, I, I love listening to you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: if.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that was, that was our experience. I mean as soon as we got there, we hit the ground running, we were like, you know, we're professionals now, we're going to go pursue this. I got, I got picked up by an agency in like six months. It was like one of the biggest agencies in the city. They never did Jack shit for me. I never booked a single fucking thing from them because they wanted to typecast me. They and they refused to to let me try things because I knew I knew I was gonna have to grind and do the, you know, the two liner in the soap opera or the north Carolina lottery commercial or you know, whatever
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't expecting to get, you know, steven Spielberg scripts in my hands for for years, but there was no variation like the first audition I ever got from them and I'm gonna be crashed here because it was a crass audition.
SPEAKER_L: Speak.
SPEAKER_R: They had the audacity to send me this. I had been on their under their clientele for All of two days and it was an audition for an indie movie that was filming there And I was going to be in two scenes. My character did not have a name. I think the character was listed as like fat ugly gas station worker and her character description was that she was fat, that she was
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: pitifully like specifically pitifully.
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that the lead guy was like an action movie. So the lead guy is like looking for someone and he bursts into my gas station and he's repulsed by me. So in the first scene I'm just like a bitch to him and then later in the movie he comes back and I don't know why I think I blackmail him into performing cunnilingus on me and being disgusted by it during and I'm like they were like feel free to turn this one down. We understand it's a little you know? And I was like yeah, I will not be doing that because God forbid I book that and it's like, I'm trying to imagine like that, that audition tape, like, okay honey, can you help me film this while I pretend to be eaten out and sent to strangers?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I was like, no, thank you. And then after a year and a half of not booking anything, they dropped me with no forewarning. They just, they dropped me and you know, his experience was, you know, he was going to businesses and meeting people and saying like, here's my face here, I am, I'm willing to work whatever you need, I'll work for free for for a little bit. And it would, we instantly saw the fakeness to his face. They would they would sell him up, they would pull him into offices and introduce him to higher up people and use language that was very leading. Like you've really got a promising thing here and then he would never hear from them again. The moment that he stepped out of their office calls, texts, emails, nothing.
SPEAKER_L: disappeared.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And there was a similar experience for me. So like I'm not just gonna let my agent book everything for me, I'm going to go out and find my own stuff and they only represented me for film, tv and commercial. They, there are no theater agents in Atlanta. I don't know if you know that
SPEAKER_L: Did not
SPEAKER_R: zero
SPEAKER_L: know that.
SPEAKER_R: theatre agents in Atlanta. So the only things I booked were plays because I'm more comfortable with theater
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: got a lot of classic classical training are going to say.
SPEAKER_L: what venues? Because I used to use an app called in we go. And for $29 a month I could go to as many braves NBA Games. Uh Atlanta United plays Symphony Orchestra. I mean on and on and on if it was a venue I was there.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: So what venues where you at?
SPEAKER_R: Well they were all like in the underground theatre companies that were like independently started. Um, one of which is no longer together, it was an awful experience. I hated working for them, but I worked for them three times and made money doing it. Um And then the other company we actually was started by. So funny, you were like go there figure it out, start your own thing. It was started by two girls who left the first company that I worked for because it was awful to work for them. They had um they were called the Jewel Family. I don't know if you if you are uh no the Strohmeyer's the Children were jewels from their first father but then the mother remarried and she's a Strohmeyer. Their house literally looks like a plantation house. It's it's crazy. And I find
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: I found out after working for them that the reason why they got all of their money is her second husband passed away from cancer. They owned Bell, the phone company. They owned a Bell. So he was very rich
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: and as he was dying of cancer she convinced him to change in his will to give all of the money to her and none of it to his biological Children. They did not have Children together and he did and she gave none of it to them after none of it and took them to court because she could afford the nicest lawyers and they never got any of their father's money.
SPEAKER_L: Welcome to Atlanta.
SPEAKER_R: I mean just scum scum of the earth and it made everything makes sense of like you people have no idea what you're doing. You know most most people get a pair of shoes for christmas. Some people are lucky enough to get a car. You gifted your daughter a theater company and said here you go sweetheart and watched it crash and burn and now you know what? She works for her mommy again because she got she's a master carpenter and she got an offer at what's the big theater in midtown, I can't Alliance.
SPEAKER_L: I've been there a couple times.
SPEAKER_R: She got an offer to be their resident carpenter. The set maker at Alliance came to her mother and said this is like the dream job, but I'm gonna be moving out, I'll be living downtown now, not in in boujee uh where where was it Duluth not mbuji to lose, I'll be living downtown. And her mother took her to their cabin that weekend, essentially liquored her up through her party as like a congratulations. And then at the end of the weekend, sat her down and went, you're not doing this, you don't actually want to do this, what do you really want to do? And essentially led her into saying, well I've always wanted, I knew eventually I'd like to own a theater company and to keep her from taking that job. She went well why not do it now? No time like the present. Right. And gave her made her this theater company called mogari Theater Company because they're italian and McGary is italian for like gift or family or something. Um and it was awful. No one had any idea what they were doing except the two girls who ended up breaking off and starting that other company, they were friends of hers from college, they all went to to Zap Piedmont College, the christian tech college of North, I don't remember
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: anyway,
SPEAKER_L: not for sure.
SPEAKER_R: they want, they all went there and so they were like start a theater company with our, our friend absolutely will work for you well stage managed well do your set because one of them had her degree and stage management and the other one had her degree in set making and painting. So they were a match made in heaven and she was miserable to work for because she never stood up for to her mother and chose her every time while they're trying to be like listen to us, we're professionals like you are, we know what we're doing and she would pick her mother every single time. So they learned what they needed to learn about the behind the scenes, broke off and started their own and so I ended up doing a play with them and that's where I found out all the all the dirt on them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got you. I mean it's it's crazy. That's just that's just crazy. Just I'll stay that way. It's just crazy that that had to happen that way. But at the end of the day it's like you have that knowledge, you have that information, you have that insight that you wouldn't have had. And now when they're successful, the last thing that McGary needs to be doing is saying, well I was there start? No, you weren't. You weren't there start. They could have taken you along right with them. You could have set sail with them and get gotten right where you needed to be as well. Um, it's a shame. It's a shame. I'll tell you, I used to go to these, what, what do you call them when you do improv.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I used to do improv at village theater downtown.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I've never Village theater, Village theater. I've never been the village theater that the
SPEAKER_R: They're not
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: very good. Don't waste your time.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, the, the improv that actually hold on. Aren't they kind of over by the martyr station?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hold on. Let me let me double check something because I think, I think I've been to that theater. Village theater.
SPEAKER_R: And it's theater ari because they're posh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've been there. I've been there. Um, I forgot the guy's name, but he walks around. He has glasses any,
SPEAKER_R: which one? I mean they're all they're all chubby, bearded white guys, so it's kind of hard. One of them's got glasses, one of them's got a hat, one of them wears a scarf, but they're all chubby white guys.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Let me see your right. I'm trying to remember the guy's name. I'm looking for him. Okay. I remember Ivan airs down Twain.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I love Ivan is I
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: hope that Ivan is ends up starting his own thing.
SPEAKER_L: he was he was cool john McCluskey. He was good too.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, he's he's crazy and he loves red wine.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: He was on he was on my team, my sketch team. He's a trip.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I like, let me see. I'm just looking at some of the folks because I didn't realize they had so many people. I think Mark Mooney is in a wheelchair. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yes, he is. He Yeah, he was my sketch director,
SPEAKER_L: Even.
SPEAKER_R: I really like Mark. Mark is super funny. Yeah, he's it's so strange. He ended up getting an infection that went into his spinal cord and that's what caused him to be, but he's only temporarily paralyzed. He's actually like earning, earning, That's not the word I meant working toward and gaining was the word I meant gaining his his mobility back again. So he walks around in a walker from time to time.
SPEAKER_L: Got you, Got you um The other person. I mean there's another guy um Mike King. I'm going to tell you a little bit about my
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: pink
SPEAKER_R: he owns village, he's the owner.
SPEAKER_L: Now. Mike King. Like I said, I used to use that app when we go to go to all the events for a couple of years. I was averaging like the Hawks, all the NBA teams played 41 home games and 41 away games And I was averaging right around like 32 33 home games. And so mike king at one point in time was the host also of the uh the games. So he beyond so it's kind of like strange because of course he has to be very like professional, but crazy when he's at the NBA games. But then when I found him at Village theater, Every other word was a four letter word. I'm like, I'm
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: loves to say uh craft phrases about women's vaginas on stage, love that, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so so I went and I went to a whole bunch of their stuff and it was good sometimes, but at the same time they would say things and I'll be like, you know what, I got to get up and go and I'm not going to allow me. And I went like 10 or 15 times, but maybe three times. I got up and went, there was a guy um I forgot what exactly what joke he said, but it was in the smaller room right by the bar well and he says something. I said man I gotta get up, I gotta go because I mean it's not that it's not funny but I went to predominantly white high school. I was one of the eight blacks in my high school, 4000 White Students. And most of the folks that we're going to village theater happened to be uh millennial age white kids. And and and the way that they would laugh at some of the racial humor was How they were laughing back when I was going to school between 92 and 96 for high school. So I said man let me just get up because if I say something now I'm the bad guy and it's a show going on. So let me just get up. So I had maybe, and I'm not looking for validation but I had maybe like five or six black american friends that are also using the app and they told me they were like man I had to get up and leave the other theater. They said because some of the shit that they were saying, they said they would never say that you know in the west on the west end, you know and and and and and they were like you know what if they said it's not the fact that they can't say it, it's just the way in which it was said, you know make me laugh, make me laugh about it, make it don't just mm
SPEAKER_R: No, you're you're right, common people talking about how comedy is dead and you can't oh I can't make jokes about this. It's never it's never been okay to to make the joke at someone's expense. Make them the butt of the joke observations about everyday life. We're all humans like the like that's funny. That's exactly what you're saying. It's the way that you say it.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes. So for example there's a comedian, his name is paul Mooney and he remembered a guy from Seinfield. He's making the he he snapped. Cramer snapped. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and and drop the bomb. Yeah, like ended his career. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so Cramer Cramer snapped so paul Mooney went on CNN and he's like you know there's a way that you can do this. So he talked about how this white kid wanted to become black and how every single time he like within five minutes he talked like his grandmother, he talked to his mom, he talked to his dad And then finally gets to his grandfather after five minutes of being black and he basically was like you know what like it was the joke was and I'm not saying it right but it was like um and something on the rise of I've been only black for five minutes and and I can see why black people be tired of this shit or something like that. But if you go on CNN if you type CNN and paul Mooney on Youtube you'll see the joke. It will be a lot better
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: I thought.
SPEAKER_R: gonna do it.
SPEAKER_L: But paul Mooney basically was making the example that you just made which was you can make the joke and it's funny as hell when he made it. Not at the expense of others. And so the other place that I will go to Oh my God, you got me thinking all these places, Dad, dad's garage
SPEAKER_R: Fuck dad's garage, I'll say
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: it sorry. People who watch this video, Fuck dad's garage.
SPEAKER_L: me too. I'm going to tell you they were the only improv theater that I knew of in Atlanta that would beg you for a donation every single time I went there they would beg and then they weren't even funny at
SPEAKER_R: They're so
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: they're so do she. And the fact that the owner is friends with Colin mockery from whose line Colin mockery performs their like four times a year or something with them. It sells out every time. And the popularity of calling being there in that show keeps them going until call in shows up again. So that's how they stay open. Yeah. I only went once as a performer. A lot of people would go there because they would do like jams on Tuesday where anybody from any theater can come in. But I had heard about dad's garage that unlike village where you could actually work your way up and end up being part of the main cast at dad's garage. It was all an illusion. They were only going to keep their buddies and their friends in the main cast, none of them will ever leave and if they do, they'll replace him with another one of their buddies before you can even audition for their spot. There was no way you were ever going to be part of main cast their
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: So I went because um the sketch show that I did at village, the sketch team we were called 4th Ward sketch comedy and there was a scene that we did that I was in that was really popular and they wanted us to submit it for one of their like open mics and I'm at a cat suit, not not furry, but like, like a Halloween cat suit. And this girl wrote a song about how she loves her cat, so much of her cat hates her. And so she's playing piano and singing off stage, you know, with a spot on her and then a girl pretending to be the girl singing and me the cat are doing this ballet that I like choreographed where I light reel her in and then kick her in the face and then at the end I like scratch or whatever. So
SPEAKER_L: dr
SPEAKER_R: they were like, well you do this for this open thing and maybe we'll get more people to come to our shows. And I was like, sure they were like, it starts really late and I'm like, it's comedy, it always does. And they were like, no, but these things go really late and I think we're last
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: 3:00 in the more Minga. I have pounded like three jack and cokes just get through this bullshit because it's a ton of circle jerking some of some of its entertaining. I thought it had to be, I thought comedy was like, it had to be. But then I watched two girls from Village Theater who I don't like very much do a dramatic scene about a break up. It's like the air just left the room. It was insane. So I'm like half drunk, Like 3:00 AM, like, okay, let's finally do the shit. The stage is half the size that we had been working on because of course they didn't let it, let us do it upstairs on the big stage. We had to do it downstairs, the triangle corner stage, that's barely three ft across at the widest point.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: And I'm not even a ballet and there's a p a keyboard up there because she has to play the damn keyboard and the eye holes in this cat mask are this big. So I'm like, just hope I don't fall off. Just hope I don't fall off. It was a blur. We got through it at the very end. I couldn't help myself. I ripped the cat head off and was like, it was me under their time to go home,
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna go time to go, wow. You know what's crazy? I've never actually at dad's garage, I've never seen a small stage, I've only been on the shouldn't have been on. But seeing the big stage, They've had opportunities where they're like, Hey, anybody want to get up here and perform. And I'm like, no, I'm good, I'm just gonna watch it. Like I said with the app, the app was only $29 a month. And so like the way I figure, Let me do it all for 29 and it was unlimited. But and so yeah, so I did the Alliance Theatre, anything that they did in the Alliance, there was another place that was on the West Side, It was a theater, everything that they did. I would, I would go sometimes if I wanted to go to two plays in a, you know, two of the same production in a row and it's great because I could see like, oh, he made a mistake that he didn't make the night before. Um I was able to see the Whitney Houston documentary a week before it premiered on Showtime
SPEAKER_R: whoa.
SPEAKER_L: Alliance. I don't know how, but Alliance theater at the same time, they do um movie, what do you call it? Uh where you, where you play the movies, what do you call that film festival? I'm sorry. I'm
SPEAKER_R: I was like netflix. No, I know what you mean.
SPEAKER_L: but they would do film festivals and like, I mean I got to see that. It
SPEAKER_R: Nothing
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: of note, nothing. Winning Oscars.
SPEAKER_L: but but no, no, but at the same time they did uh the secret lives of trees. That was pretty dope.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've heard that, that movie is really good, I haven't seen it.
SPEAKER_L: Secret lives of trees is amazing. You come to find out that trees, their world is not above the ground. Like humans believe that it is, the world of trees is beneath the ground. Trees can actually touch each other's roots. And so the baby trees, they're trained by the bigger trees how to grow straight. If they don't grow straight they can send them through the root system. Less nutrients, they can also give them less sunlight to kill them off. Um And they send
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: in from they send information each other. So for example like this guy he wanted to chop down the tree. So again human beings think the tree is just the top, it's above the ground, the trunk. So they they chop the tree down and the scientists there like this tree is still alive, it just doesn't have the trunk or the branches and it's still teaching the other trees in its root system how to live trees
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: have,
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: they are the most socialist, they have a socialist living system. Um Then the other film I tell you about that I also saw during that film festival uh It was like uh the coldest town in the world. I mean really? There was, I mean, don't get me wrong, the people at homes, but I don't know how you could live in this environment. Um but it was a pretty cool documentary. A lot of folks, you know, of course they work from home. I mean they still had the church and everything like that. But for the most part, I mean just imagine just living in a cold place all year long. I didn't, I didn't understand it.
SPEAKER_R: No thanks.
SPEAKER_L: But uh again, one of the great things that I liked about the alliance that are at the very least was that, um, they would do that. But I started going to so many of their film festivals. Finally they were like, you do realize that we have a theater as well. And I was like, I played it off like, Nah, he's like, well the screen and he showed me, I'm like, Okay, cool, great, you know, whatever. But I didn't want to tell him, look, dude, I use this app for $29 a month and they pay for everything. I'm not giving you nothing. But what people don't understand who created the app. The app was created by cox. So you know, cox, basically they run Atlanta um just like the Nalley family runs Atlanta too. Um, but cox, they have a whole bunch of um, subsidiary companies. So in addition to them owning all the newspapers and their own radio stations and blah blah blah blah. They will create apps. So for example, in Portland, the Portland Trail Blazers. They created their app where the fans can get access to being able to get tickets for cheap by paying month to month. Then they also, for the university's, they'll put an act together for like uh what's the name of the university? Uh that Georgia but Georgia tech, they had an app for like their sports for the students. Then the Atlanta hawks headed up as well. The falcons had an app to, so it looked like they were just doing one thing with the app, know what they figured out was that hey in one city we can create one app even though we have all the other apps too and charge people of price and it will work. And so they spread out to maybe like 10 cities by the time it was all said and done. But last april mhm. They got greedy. I mean I'm telling you, Ashley, I was going to all, you can eat real cheese festivals Or you can eat chili festivals where there were 150 vendors, both professional and un professionals. Nonprofessionals with chili festivals. I mean this thing was crazy. Um but they ruined it. They said well you know what Now it's gonna not be unlimited, we're gonna start charging you for for three events, it'll be 30 bucks, but if you want to go to five events it'll be $50. And uh they ruined it. But oh that's what I was going to tell you. There was and they still exist. There's a company called
SPEAKER_R: Best of Atlanta.
SPEAKER_L: Best of Atlanta Tour. Uh hold on, I'm so sorry, the Best of Atlanta. You you touched tour? You touched on so many things. So Atlanta movie course dot com. Have you ever heard of them?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Check them out Atlanta movie tours dot com. What they do? They have a van and they take people down to where the, I don't watch television but the mm what's the tv? Walking Dead? There were two
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: or just,
SPEAKER_R: been down there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but they have a tour just for Walking Dead. They have a tour for marvel. They have the best of Atlanta tour, which I believe is the best tour because you get a little bit of everything. They have a tour for black movies and uh you know, you can see the house that Tyler Perry always uses for hitting hidden figures. They show you how, I think it was more house that they used as Nasa. So what they
SPEAKER_R: fine,
SPEAKER_L: do, they drive you all over Atlanta for like 2-3 hours and they'll say, you know, watch the screen in the van and then you get to see like what's going on. They take you to Jackson Street Bridge, but they have like maybe five or 6 different tours. But this is what I wanted to tell you about that. This is hilarious because you mentioned you were here into the art, most of the people doing the tours. We're all trying to get into the industry
SPEAKER_R: I believe that 100%.
SPEAKER_L: and they and a lot of them, they had bit parts on the Walking Dead where the guys like here I am as this, this one guy, all his, all of his acting was just him as an extra and he put together like a tape for us and we got to watch it. He wasn't bragging about it. He realized he's an older guy. He's like, hey look, this is what I'm doing. But most of the folks that work there all claim that uh that they were going to get into the industry and everything was gonna work out for him. This one girl, she didn't cause play, she could look like the girl from. What's the what's the movie where they kill everybody. The kids kill each other.
SPEAKER_R: Is it a live action or animated
SPEAKER_L: It's a real movie. Uh huh. And they pick people from different parts of their country.
SPEAKER_R: hunger games?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so we got this one of the girls dressed up as hunger games and she dressed up as other stuff. She could ride a horse and she claimed that she was a stunt woman and that in order for her to get a job that she'd have to actually like uh walk on set and pretend like she belonged and have her you know her her information basically her resume and that's how she got her jobs but slowly but surely like as I would go to Atlanta movie tours over the years. Within we go I'd be like hey what happened to such and such? Oh they're gone, they moved on to greener pastures and uh you know it is what it is but they're the one guy I never forget um he kind of had like a famous role on Walking Dead and people knew who he was, but to be honest, let's be honest with these people were they did tours for the movies and they would act like they were in the movie industry because they would say, hey look, that says that that code means this, so that means it's this movie. After a while, I figured out how to figure out what the movies were. Um But I just really like, like I always do, I wish the best for the people, but I was just like, you guys really are in the movie industry, You make a killing. I mean, don't get me wrong, I mean they charge like $50, for these tours per person. I never paid a dime, but now they're doing virtual tours, I don't know how much they're charging for them, but it's like you said your your your fiancee will go into the places and the people would just, you know, glad hand them and tell them that everything was gonna work out and they work with them and then yeah, doesn't work that way. Same, same. And uh you know, for me, my mom told me something a long time ago when I was a kid, she said you can either get mad or you can just walk away with your head held high and do what you want to do and and she said you don't owe someone an explanation when you walk away. So what you, what you mentioned earlier about Portland, you just did what you had to do and you did you made it, you made it work for you. I mean that's really what I think what life is about, you know, and the two girls that you mentioned, they made it work for them as well. You know, I really you could you could stay, wow. Final thought on this. I was thinking that a lot of people just love being bodies. So it's like, here's my id. I'm a body at this company. But with COVID-19, what it's kind of done is showing people nothing is guaranteed. There's a lot of people being laid off, a lot of people being furloughed. And you know, if if you get your ego and if you if who you are is based on the fact that you have a job or you live in, you know, a particular neighborhood. Good luck, good luck. But Atlanta unfortunately is a place. Uh and it's been this way since the nineties, I can only speak for black americans, but it is a place it's seen as like a mecca, a black And and and it's people come down here with little to nothing like the average person comes down here with less than $1,000 and they think that they'll be able to make do in like five months or six months. And uh it doesn't work out that way. I'm in a group called, I forgot the name of the group. It's not important but there are facebook group and they're all old black people that grew up for the most part in Atlanta. And uh all they do is talk about old Atlanta but at the same time they talk about how people come here with a wish and a prayer and they they said that they couldn't believe like the amount of people that come here with that with that mentality. But it is, you know my my thought is, hey that's their life, it's their choice and you can always do what you gotta do. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I just remembered really quickly before I before I go um that I sold myself short a little bit, I didn't just work with those two theater companies, there's another company and if you've heard them Shakespeare on draft.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard about them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean obviously you're your own person do what you want, I would encourage you not to give them your money because they're assholes. Um but you should do what you want, the whole premises, they do this at Orpheus brewing. Um and it's always outside, so it doesn't matter if it's cold, if it's raining, it's outside, they always way over sell tickets. So it's, we do it in the parking lot, not indoors because the place to like the people could hang out inside to drink a beer is actually pretty small. Most of the building is the brewery.
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: So uh I'm sure you've been there. My bad for
SPEAKER_L: No, no
SPEAKER_R: assuming
SPEAKER_L: no no no no
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: you had.
SPEAKER_L: no no no no no no there's a there's a website that I go to, this is the final thing I'll share with you because I just realized how long we've been on here, which is, which is which is dope. I don't I don't have an issue with that as soon as soon as I get off of here on prolific, I have another study that I'm gonna be doing. Uh yeah, just one second I want to find this for you. Um Of course there's living social and then uh of course we got what's the name of it, Jeremy find it basically when I um well I didn't know anything about how to go to things. I would use this website. There's one of the websites is a half price a website. Um, just 1/2. Come on jeremy. Where is it at? Okay. Okay. Mm. It's funny when I want to find something, I can't find it. What I want to find it. Oh, it might be under promotions. I hate how well google
SPEAKER_R: Gmail.
SPEAKER_L: gmail. Yeah. How they do this now? Because you
SPEAKER_R: me too.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, So we got LivingSocial Atlanta, which I use. And then the other one, because I have so many different websites. Oh Groupon is another one. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got my first Costco layer, Costco membership free off a group on
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Deal. News is another one. Mm Gold Star. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: gold star. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So the people that you're talking about, I used to always see their tickets complimentary on gold star. And the way that it works is you
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: should,
SPEAKER_R: might be how they have the crowds then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because what you do is they still get paid because there's the ticket feet and then there's the processing fee. So there's a lot of folks in order to get to build a crowd, they'll use Gold Star and then they'll have the tickets complimentary. So I'll give you one other example uh W. N. B. A. Games. I used to go to them for complementary and I'd only pay six bucks a ticket like four years
SPEAKER_R: Hell
SPEAKER_L: ago. And then they figured out like I was using it and then they were like, hey, you know, it's really cheap to come to our games, how much? $100 for the season for the cheapest tickets? Okay, I'll go, yeah, there are
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: people that people sitting down, They're paying like $100 a game. But me, I tell them I'm like, look just give me the tickets. The cheapest ones, lady said 100 bucks, and then you already know how the game works. Once you get to the game, you sit wherever the hell you really want to sit. And then there's the other thing with it. When I use in we go I went to so many events at the w at the NBA games. The ushers all knew me. I used to have to tip them like $5, to go down to the court to get my pictures and then come back up. They started telling me by the second quarter, don't worry about it. We know you we see you all around Atlanta, we'll give you, we'll
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: we'll hook you up. So why not happening? Is second quarter I go down there and sit wherever I want it. People all thought that I was a season ticket holder and then I was going to so many events. Uh ushers would see me and other events and they say hey hey man give me $5 give me $10 I'll let you in the V. I. P. Section. So
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: so it is what it is and uh two more things I know I said that the final thing but two
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: more things um I listen to all kind of music, but within we go they put on the app, the Eagles at the and uh Philips Arena which is now um
SPEAKER_R: This State Farm
SPEAKER_L: State
SPEAKER_R: Arena.
SPEAKER_L: Farm Arena, I was able to see the Eagles, they were the opening act, they were the closing act, Okay?
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: And also one year there was a Crock festival up in near near Duluth, uh whatever the Verizon Amphitheater, it's got a new name now, but anyway I was able to see Toby keith and then but the opening but he was the closing act, but who came in before him and there was a couple of other acts, Zz Top then the next, then the next year with the app at the uh Chastain Park, I've seen uh I can't remember the guy's name is, okay, but you know who I'm talking about, Creedence, Clearwater revival, Whoever whoever the lead singer is, I got to,
SPEAKER_R: uh is it Jon fogarty?
SPEAKER_L: I got to see Jon Fogarty, he opened and then Zz Top came out last uh
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: by you, by you and Blues tour. And then this is the, the icing on the cake, the app, I was no longer using the app by then, But I was able to find 50th anniversary tickets for ZZ Top. They had cheap Trick opening forum And I got to see Zz top last year for the 50th anniversary concert. So the app paid for the 48th and 49th and then I paid for the 50th and I'm telling you, there's nothing like seeing Zz Top live, it's nothing like seeing john Fogerty live or the Eagles good music and it hits you. And there's a, there's a reason that, you know, people listen to that stuff and I'm like, okay, thank you, but
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: it's lasted.
SPEAKER_L: It's lasted. But fogarty, I come to find out with him. You hear his music in the 90s, it was everywhere, but in the music game, they don't usually own their publishing because they sell it. And so that's why that's why you heard him, you know, and all the commercials and everything, he's like, I didn't know in the music, But he's still tours, he looks like a 30 year old on the stage and he's in his seventies now. But
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I just wanted to close with that uh great conversation with you, great time.
SPEAKER_R: What? It's been fantastic meeting you jeremy.
SPEAKER_L: But athletes, please, please please continue to enjoy your life. I won't
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: be, I will be. I wish you nothing but the best with married life.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you
SPEAKER_L: And uh, just just, just be happy.
SPEAKER_R: thank you so much and I'm so excited for what you've got going on. You are you seen I'm telling you just from talking to you you're one of the most determined people I've ever met in my life and I know whatever you say you're gonna do, you're gonna do and I'm so excited for you to see the country in the world and and spread your knowledge and your your good shining cheer and light to other people who need it.
SPEAKER_L: best to go. Thank you. Thank you. You got you got to do I think you got to do your part and you do your part whatever that is. But but Atlanta was just a, I don't even want to call it a right for you. It was a speed bump on your way to your next chapter. And uh, I don't even want to call your next chapter. This is the final thing. I'm gonna say, this is your new book, because I know people always talk about the next chapter. Uh, this is your new book and,
SPEAKER_R: it feels that way. It
SPEAKER_L: and, and, and it has unlimited potential. And, and you'll you'll see it. You'll know it.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: and and and know this. You're living it right now. And I can't wait to get to that point where I know I'm and I'm like, yes, I'm living it.
SPEAKER_R: this is it right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes, yes, but have a beautiful, beautiful rest of the day.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Take care,
SPEAKER_R: Why?