Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
me too. Yeah I've actually been living in Portland for like a week now. I moved from Atlanta so I'm enjoying things like legal weed you know?
Stone mountain Georgia. That's crazy.
So. No I was gonna say we would have only been like 30 minutes away from each other.
Sandy Springs right inside the perimeter.
I think the one on Peachtree Dunwoody was like a couple blocks down like four blocks down.
um Kind of kind of just wanted a change. My fiance and I had been living in Atlanta for five years. We moved there right after college. He does sound for film and tv and I'm an actor so we weren't interested in L. A. We weren't interested in new york. We thought Atlanta was the best of both worlds, we could still have a car. Um It still be in the south you know? But it didn't end up working out like we had hoped uh we didn't uh
go
to stardom or anything like that. He has actually made a career of it and can work from home, but I have not had any success. So we started getting a little stagnant and uh rather than just sort of stay in the rut, we were like let's there's something crazy, let's move across the country. Um And then the coronavirus hit. Uh we were going to get married in april and that we had to cancel that because we weren't trying to get people sick or get sick ourselves,
so we had to cancel that. So we are still only fiancees for now. Um But then we thought we don't have to let this affect our move if we're smart about it, If we stay distance, if we were masks uh we think we can do it. And with the help of my almost
father in law we drove a U haul and my car from Atlanta to here.
it was a great trip. I'll never forget it.
6, 5 nights, six days.
Um first night was in ST louis, that was the longest day. That was like almost nine hours. And then the next day was Omaha Nebraska and then uh fort Collins colorado, Salt lake city, Utah
Boise Idaho. And then here.
And
once we got past Tennessee, I had never been in any of those states before, so it was really cool.
That's
so cool.
good.
So she's irish.
Who?
That is so freaking cool.
That's
Whoa,
that's
great.
Hey, that's how I got here. The money of those, of our checks together paid for our move.
That's the only good thing he's ever done
lot.
but
dang,
I have
a couple of friends who do that.
No
please talk away. I find it very interesting.
I didn't know that.
Hey
me
there, You're in good company.
No, I'm glad,
No I I agree wholeheartedly. I mean I was fortunate enough that I got a full ride scholarship to college because of my my grades and you know I was raised by a single mother, so our very low income put me up for this scholarship that was offered at my college. I went to the University of north Carolina School of the Arts. Uh I got a B. F. A. In um in theater there um and that's where I met my fiance and he was in the film division. Um
He was not so fortunate and his student debt is just in increasing because of all the interest and you have to defer it and you have to consolidate it and it's like you can't see the surface, it's like you'll be, you know, you hear like Michelle Obama paid off her student loans only when she was the first lady, that was the only time she had enough money to be able to pay it off. Like why do we have to be presidents to be able to afford and why am I being punished for wanting to educate myself? And the thing that like you got me on my side, I'm still your soapbox, you got me go
enough.
Um but it's like why am I being punished for wanting to educate myself and then you don't create opportunities for me to be able to actually apply the degree to then be able to earn the money back to pay because everybody wants fresh faces, but nobody wants to give green people opportunities because they're like, you're inexperienced, we want someone more experienced, but how am I going to get experience if you don't give me the experience. And the only way you want to give me experiences to essentially be an intern
and not get paid. And,
and he and he learned in one of his classes from a, from a professor that said,
if they are not willing to pay you at an internship within two weeks leave, they'll never pay you.
You can't prove your worth to stick around in two weeks and they're not willing to pay you get out of there because they're never paying you
what?
Oh, massacre at rest in peace.
look,
that's amazing.
jeez.
No, you're fine.
Okay. All right. It down.
Okay. Already like the sound of it Because why should they?
Damn.
That's so cool.
Yeah, that's that's very inspiring.
that's great.
No.
That's
crazy.
That's crazy,
totally.
Honestly, like this is like one of the best decisions I've ever made everywhere, everywhere I go, we don't live in Portland proper. We live in Hillsboro, which is like 15 minutes away, so we live technically outside of the city. Whereas in Atlanta, my address was Atlanta, even though we were in Sandy Springs, it's just, it's so much nicer. There's a sense of community here and like the only disappointing thing is like because of the virus, we can't really like get in and explore. Like we want to kind of have to be at a safe distance or we have to get our food to go. Uh people who are sitting inside again like eating at a restaurant, I do not understand
it, like freaks me out. Like like on the way back from our errands there were three people sitting outside with a beer at a bar and I'm like and I and then I opened my phone and find out that the Los Angeles governor has just ordered seven counties to close all their bars and nightclubs because it spiked again.
Yeah republicans don't like it when they get told what to do with their bodies, do they?
Yeah and he's dead now
from it.
It's real
it's Ashley. I
don't think we ever actually I only knew your name because you were referring to yourself as bear me,
nice to meet you jeremy.
Mount
Do you remember what it is? I have to look into that
because
I don't listen to the radio. I listen to my phone when I get in the car so
I'm gonna need to was it AM thing or was
FM
I love that imagery though. I love that. Why not? I don't think I would wear something traditional. I don't like wearing traditional stuff. That's awesome.
Yeah. Yeah. We uh, we went downtown um last week for a voodoo doughnuts. Have you heard of them? Yeah so we were able to and it was so cool because there was a line like around the block to go inside because people want to be on instagram and take pictures of the inside. We ordered we ordered online, walked up the dude walked up to us and said are you here to pick up? And we said yeah he walked inside and handed it to us and it took everything in me not to like at the
people in line like order online, idiot, take a picture of the outside, take a picture of your doughnuts. Why do you need to go in there? So stupid.
So
that yeah, so then we found out that you know the big stag sign that says Portland Oregon with the stag on it? We were like we want to see it and we found out it was really close by. So we walked because we had found a good parking spot and I was instantly shocked bye. The homeless people literally living among everyone because Atlanta is so gentrified. They have they have whittled the homeless population to one area where if you don't go to that area, you essentially don't see homeless people unless they're busting on the side of the road. Well, I was that's my favorite thing about Portland because I had no issues with homeless people at all. Human beings and everything coexists here. Like I I live across the street from the forest with like pine trees, not whereas in Atlanta, I was in concrete everywhere. It looks like it's the city of trees but not really
like cuts in the skyline is gone,
you
know?
Yeah.
I
never actually ever went on the beltline once, like
never.
That sounds familiar. That sounds very familiar.
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
I'm
And they
beat
you up.
Thank
you.
No, of course.
Good. I'm excited for you. I know that you're going to do it.
There are, there are lots of other places to see that aren't the location of rigged elections and and you know, just like not even coded racism and gentrification. And I mean I just got so sick of like priorities that where are, where are your priorities? You only care about tourism. You and you only care about the same as people who come from here and the people who come here and give you money to see the famous people.
And, and that's what I got sick of. It's just like there's no substance here. It's all about surface. What do you look like? What do you drive? What do you drive poorly at 100 miles down 85 almost sideswiping me and like the last year that we lived there, it was like lanes were a suggestion. People were just weaving and bobbing and then, you know, the racers are taken over where, uh, Mayor Bottoms is saying, we're about to open up a stretch of highway south of the city. no cops, y'all can go off if you die, you die like just stay out of the city. Stay off the streets, you guys
can go race down there.
No, wait, wait, what was he doing? Like murdering them? I thought you were going to say he was like hitting like he, he was going too fast and like came up on the curb and killed some homeless people with his car.
me
man,
that's fine. I like it,
you'll never get there.
Damn
hell.
No,
no, I, I love listening to you. Yeah,
I mean that was, that was our experience. I mean as soon as we got there, we hit the ground running, we were like, you know, we're professionals now, we're going to go pursue this. I got, I got picked up by an agency in like six months. It was like one of the biggest agencies in the city. They never did Jack shit for me. I never booked a single fucking thing from them because they wanted to typecast me. They and they refused to to let me try things because I knew I knew I was gonna have to grind and do the, you know, the two liner in the soap opera or the north Carolina lottery commercial or you know, whatever
I wasn't expecting to get, you know, steven Spielberg scripts in my hands for for years, but there was no variation like the first audition I ever got from them and I'm gonna be crashed here because it was a crass audition.
They had the audacity to send me this. I had been on their under their clientele for All of two days and it was an audition for an indie movie that was filming there And I was going to be in two scenes. My character did not have a name. I think the character was listed as like fat ugly gas station worker and her character description was that she was fat, that she was
pitifully like specifically pitifully.
And
that the lead guy was like an action movie. So the lead guy is like looking for someone and he bursts into my gas station and he's repulsed by me. So in the first scene I'm just like a bitch to him and then later in the movie he comes back and I don't know why I think I blackmail him into performing cunnilingus on me and being disgusted by it during and I'm like they were like feel free to turn this one down. We understand it's a little you know? And I was like yeah, I will not be doing that because God forbid I book that and it's like, I'm trying to imagine like that, that audition tape, like, okay honey, can you help me film this while I pretend to be eaten out and sent to strangers?
I was like, no, thank you. And then after a year and a half of not booking anything, they dropped me with no forewarning. They just, they dropped me and you know, his experience was, you know, he was going to businesses and meeting people and saying like, here's my face here, I am, I'm willing to work whatever you need, I'll work for free for for a little bit. And it would, we instantly saw the fakeness to his face. They would they would sell him up, they would pull him into offices and introduce him to higher up people and use language that was very leading. Like you've really got a promising thing here and then he would never hear from them again. The moment that he stepped out of their office calls, texts, emails, nothing.
Yeah. And there was a similar experience for me. So like I'm not just gonna let my agent book everything for me, I'm going to go out and find my own stuff and they only represented me for film, tv and commercial. They, there are no theater agents in Atlanta. I don't know if you know that
zero
theatre agents in Atlanta. So the only things I booked were plays because I'm more comfortable with theater
got a lot of classic classical training are going to say.
That's awesome.
Well they were all like in the underground theatre companies that were like independently started. Um, one of which is no longer together, it was an awful experience. I hated working for them, but I worked for them three times and made money doing it. Um And then the other company we actually was started by. So funny, you were like go there figure it out, start your own thing. It was started by two girls who left the first company that I worked for because it was awful to work for them. They had um they were called the Jewel Family. I don't know if you if you are uh no the Strohmeyer's the Children were jewels from their first father but then the mother remarried and she's a Strohmeyer. Their house literally looks like a plantation house. It's it's crazy. And I find
I found out after working for them that the reason why they got all of their money is her second husband passed away from cancer. They owned Bell, the phone company. They owned a Bell. So he was very rich
and as he was dying of cancer she convinced him to change in his will to give all of the money to her and none of it to his biological Children. They did not have Children together and he did and she gave none of it to them after none of it and took them to court because she could afford the nicest lawyers and they never got any of their father's money.
I mean just scum scum of the earth and it made everything makes sense of like you people have no idea what you're doing. You know most most people get a pair of shoes for christmas. Some people are lucky enough to get a car. You gifted your daughter a theater company and said here you go sweetheart and watched it crash and burn and now you know what? She works for her mommy again because she got she's a master carpenter and she got an offer at what's the big theater in midtown, I can't Alliance.
She got an offer to be their resident carpenter. The set maker at Alliance came to her mother and said this is like the dream job, but I'm gonna be moving out, I'll be living downtown now, not in in boujee uh where where was it Duluth not mbuji to lose, I'll be living downtown. And her mother took her to their cabin that weekend, essentially liquored her up through her party as like a congratulations. And then at the end of the weekend, sat her down and went, you're not doing this, you don't actually want to do this, what do you really want to do? And essentially led her into saying, well I've always wanted, I knew eventually I'd like to own a theater company and to keep her from taking that job. She went well why not do it now? No time like the present. Right. And gave her made her this theater company called mogari Theater Company because they're italian and McGary is italian for like gift or family or something. Um and it was awful. No one had any idea what they were doing except the two girls who ended up breaking off and starting that other company, they were friends of hers from college, they all went to to Zap Piedmont College, the christian tech college of North, I don't remember
anyway,
they want, they all went there and so they were like start a theater company with our, our friend absolutely will work for you well stage managed well do your set because one of them had her degree and stage management and the other one had her degree in set making and painting. So they were a match made in heaven and she was miserable to work for because she never stood up for to her mother and chose her every time while they're trying to be like listen to us, we're professionals like you are, we know what we're doing and she would pick her mother every single time. So they learned what they needed to learn about the behind the scenes, broke off and started their own and so I ended up doing a play with them and that's where I found out all the all the dirt on them.
Yeah, I used to do improv at village theater downtown.
They're not
very good. Don't waste your time.
I think so. Yeah.
And it's theater ari because they're posh,
which one? I mean they're all they're all chubby, bearded white guys, so it's kind of hard. One of them's got glasses, one of them's got a hat, one of them wears a scarf, but they're all chubby white guys.
Oh, I love Ivan is I
hope that Ivan is ends up starting his own thing.
Yes, he's he's crazy and he loves red wine.
He was on he was on my team, my sketch team. He's a trip.
yes, he is. He Yeah, he was my sketch director,
I really like Mark. Mark is super funny. Yeah, he's it's so strange. He ended up getting an infection that went into his spinal cord and that's what caused him to be, but he's only temporarily paralyzed. He's actually like earning, earning, That's not the word I meant working toward and gaining was the word I meant gaining his his mobility back again. So he walks around in a walker from time to time.
He
he owns village, he's the owner.
he
loves to say uh craft phrases about women's vaginas on stage, love that, yep.
No, you're you're right, common people talking about how comedy is dead and you can't oh I can't make jokes about this. It's never it's never been okay to to make the joke at someone's expense. Make them the butt of the joke observations about everyday life. We're all humans like the like that's funny. That's exactly what you're saying. It's the way that you say it.
yeah and and drop the bomb. Yeah, like ended his career. Yeah,
I'm
not
gonna do it.
Fuck dad's garage, I'll say
it sorry. People who watch this video, Fuck dad's garage.
They're so
they're so do she. And the fact that the owner is friends with Colin mockery from whose line Colin mockery performs their like four times a year or something with them. It sells out every time. And the popularity of calling being there in that show keeps them going until call in shows up again. So that's how they stay open. Yeah. I only went once as a performer. A lot of people would go there because they would do like jams on Tuesday where anybody from any theater can come in. But I had heard about dad's garage that unlike village where you could actually work your way up and end up being part of the main cast at dad's garage. It was all an illusion. They were only going to keep their buddies and their friends in the main cast, none of them will ever leave and if they do, they'll replace him with another one of their buddies before you can even audition for their spot. There was no way you were ever going to be part of main cast their
So I went because um the sketch show that I did at village, the sketch team we were called 4th Ward sketch comedy and there was a scene that we did that I was in that was really popular and they wanted us to submit it for one of their like open mics and I'm at a cat suit, not not furry, but like, like a Halloween cat suit. And this girl wrote a song about how she loves her cat, so much of her cat hates her. And so she's playing piano and singing off stage, you know, with a spot on her and then a girl pretending to be the girl singing and me the cat are doing this ballet that I like choreographed where I light reel her in and then kick her in the face and then at the end I like scratch or whatever. So
they were like, well you do this for this open thing and maybe we'll get more people to come to our shows. And I was like, sure they were like, it starts really late and I'm like, it's comedy, it always does. And they were like, no, but these things go really late and I think we're last
3:00 in the more Minga. I have pounded like three jack and cokes just get through this bullshit because it's a ton of circle jerking some of some of its entertaining. I thought it had to be, I thought comedy was like, it had to be. But then I watched two girls from Village Theater who I don't like very much do a dramatic scene about a break up. It's like the air just left the room. It was insane. So I'm like half drunk, Like 3:00 AM, like, okay, let's finally do the shit. The stage is half the size that we had been working on because of course they didn't let it, let us do it upstairs on the big stage. We had to do it downstairs, the triangle corner stage, that's barely three ft across at the widest point.
And I'm not even a ballet and there's a p a keyboard up there because she has to play the damn keyboard and the eye holes in this cat mask are this big. So I'm like, just hope I don't fall off. Just hope I don't fall off. It was a blur. We got through it at the very end. I couldn't help myself. I ripped the cat head off and was like, it was me under their time to go home,
whoa.
I was like netflix. No, I know what you mean.
Nothing
of note, nothing. Winning Oscars.
yeah, I've heard that, that movie is really good, I haven't seen it.
Whoa.
that's
crazy.
No thanks.
Best of Atlanta.
No,
I've
been down there. Yeah,
fine,
I believe that 100%.
Is it a live action or animated
hunger games?
Oh yeah, I just remembered really quickly before I before I go um that I sold myself short a little bit, I didn't just work with those two theater companies, there's another company and if you've heard them Shakespeare on draft.
Yeah, I mean obviously you're your own person do what you want, I would encourage you not to give them your money because they're assholes. Um but you should do what you want, the whole premises, they do this at Orpheus brewing. Um and it's always outside, so it doesn't matter if it's cold, if it's raining, it's outside, they always way over sell tickets. So it's, we do it in the parking lot, not indoors because the place to like the people could hang out inside to drink a beer is actually pretty small. Most of the building is the brewery.
So uh I'm sure you've been there. My bad for
assuming
that
you had.
Gmail.
me too.
Yeah, I got my first Costco layer, Costco membership free off a group on
gold star. Yeah.
That
might be how they have the crowds then.
Hell
Whoa.
But
that's awesome.
That's
This State Farm
Arena.
That's awesome.
uh is it Jon fogarty?
That's so cool.
and
it's lasted.
That's awesome.
What? It's been fantastic meeting you jeremy.
Thank you.
Thank you
thank you so much and I'm so excited for what you've got going on. You are you seen I'm telling you just from talking to you you're one of the most determined people I've ever met in my life and I know whatever you say you're gonna do, you're gonna do and I'm so excited for you to see the country in the world and and spread your knowledge and your your good shining cheer and light to other people who need it.
it feels that way. It
Thank you so much.
this is it right now.
You too.
Why?