how are you doing? Yeah,
I'm only on day two.
So
no, I had warning. I was staying with friends who got sick. I thought I escaped it, but I didn't
Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
I am
good.
don't know. I'm ready for summer.
Yeah, that's the way it works. Yeah, I had this great vacation plan to go visit friends in Japan, get there three days into it. We all get sick.
I thought I escaped and I was watching the kids while the parents were sick. I get home and I go back to work for one day that I have to take off the next.
almost two weeks. Well,
one time unfortunately we were all sick so we couldn't go out much.
Yes. And there were kids involved. So the days we were feeling better instead of, you know, actually going to see Japan like let's go to Tokyo Disney. Oh,
But yes, the seven elevens are everything you see online.
Oh, neat. I want to go, but now is not the time.
I will tell you anyone who says japanese people are polite and orderly and mannerly and like to line up has never been to Tokyo. Have you ever been to one of those concerts where everybody lets out at one time and you're pushing and shoving and losing everyone?
Yeah, that is what the lines are like to get on. Small world, wow. Mhm.
It is that crazy.
They have no other personal space. Well, Mhm.
I've got my blanket
sitting
right here. I don't actually need it right now, but I will in about 10 minutes. What?
Yeah, give it time. Hi.
My boss actually dropped off a care package on my doorstep.
that.
my
boss
does
not
want
me to come in.
Yeah, I can understand that because you go in and everybody will have their seats already and everybody will know who they're talking to. I guess if you're in your senior year, it's not as big.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, those are awful.
No.
that's awful.
like
murder.
I am so
army
because Uh huh.
Oh, that sounds awful. No,
I got home from vacation so I've got no food in the house anywhere. So come home like I don't want to go grocery shopping. I feel like crap, luckily I have a very nice boss who left me a care package.
Yeah. My best friends and nurse, she's like, oh, go to urgent care so I'm not going to urgent care. I don't want to go to the bathroom. What?
Yeah. It's like, Oh, they'll give you Tamiflu no, mom, you're 65 years old. They'll give you Tamiflu.
basically
thanks. I got that by myself. Yeah.
Sinus infections from october to april.
Right okay. There's nothing I can do. I've lived with these sinuses all my life. It's like oh well have you tried taking this? No I'm not taking cold medicine. I don't have a cold, it doesn't do anything. Well what about this allergy medicine? That doesn't work either. I don't have allergies. Well
did you go to the doctor? What are they gonna do? I can't live on steroids.
I'm above my baseline of feeling bad.
Maybe I can go to work today. Uh Better not.
thank
you.
Yeah that sounds about right.
Yeah I wanted to work monday which is when it was hitting so I started coughing and woman in the next cubicle started spraying her Lysol spray everywhere. Which set me off coughing because the chemical smell this gets right
like I get you don't want to get sick but please don't make me worse.
I'm an attorney who
I do contracts for an oil and gas company. What do you start? Well
fun. That's pretty much exactly what my sister does. Yeah.
I get
that.
I've got a little brother who did that
playing around with
my
son. But yeah my sister got an accounting degree and she does computer development now. Their software development wow.
Yeah she's the point person between the
people
and
I get that completely.
Yeah I was basically looking at my bank account. I can afford to stay home today. I'm not going in. Mhm.
That was me yesterday. Normally you know it's great. I can stay home. I can read stuff for fun. I don't have to think about contracts. I put Youtube on and basically zoned out all day. I don't have a television because I don't watch tv. I cannot stand to just sit and watch something. And
I
basically
what
with Youtube videos all day.
Well I won't even do that. I'll put them on his background noise. Well I do something else and now is recommending the strangest things to me because I have no idea what I watched yesterday.
What?
I really want to know who did their algorithms.
Well yeah, that's what gives people's into them. What? That's why click bait works.
Are they as bonkers as they were? Okay. So you basically have to be a child
or high to watch them. Okay.
Yeah. I've got my recliner. I've been here pretty much constantly for three days. I didn't make it to bed last night, night before I slept in the chair.
Yeah, it's less than I intended to sleep in my chair and more than I was watching Youtube and I fell asleep and then it was two in the morning and I wasn't getting up.
I had the shot. I shouldn't be getting this
for
with you.
Well this is the first year in years that I have gotten it. Yeah. I don't know. I blame my friends.
Whose fault is that?
Well, well, yeah.
especially at noon on a work day.
it is.
no, she a good conversationalist because google is not
oh well I looked at my bedroom window and there are road crews so I really hope they didn't mess up another water line Because I spent two days. I have no idea. This past weekend without water, wow.
No, there was nothing coming out of the faucets. I had
to drive the truck
here
in town. Yeah.
Well
let me tell you.
that was fun. Yeah, I got off Playing right. I spent about 20 hours on planes. I come home. All I want to do is take a shower. I turn on the tap and nothing comes out. It's 11 o'clock at night. So I have a choice between sleeping in airplane filth or driving 40 minutes to my parents house.
Yeah. That was fun. Let me tell you.
I
did. Yeah. My best friend had a baby in october and this is the first time I got to meet her.
They're in the navy when they're stationed more. So I paid for flights and then I sleep on their couch.
Yeah. See Japan for the cost of plane ticket.
Um, american and Japan Airlines.
Yeah, I understand that completely.
I broke mine and I thought I might go into work between the heating pad. It's going to be a rat's nest in about an hour or two.
I only want to die.
yeah, pretty much.
It's noon on a weekday. What do they expect?
all right.
Melatonin is wonderful. Mm hmm. What?
Well, I only take it when I am bone deep exhausted. Well by that point I'm ready to just write it. Shoot.
Yeah, I am a severe insomniac.
Yeah. My boss is actually want me to show up in the office before nine am. Like what the heck I work
late one of some good worker.
That's actually pretty nice. Yeah.
But yeah, I get that.
No, I can do that. Some days I will quite happily stay in bed till dinnertime.
Yeah. I don't either in that completely screwed me up. And that's well what stuff as I am. Mhm.
Right, mm. Oh, I acknowledge that I have terrible sleep hygiene. But
yeah, it is what it is
because you've got three hours of sleep last night. Dummy.
Well
yeah, I'm the opposite of my father. He will go to bed at nine or 10 o'clock and wake up at five a.m. On a saturday. Uh huh.
Her
body.
Yeah.
Did we?
Well, yeah,
we're
seven The Great 27 minutes.
Well, it's been nice talking to you.
You're too
one closing cop for the survey. People.