wow, how are you? Mhm.
I'm quite sick. I got the flu. So I've been home for three days now.
You got to, yeah it's it's up, it
came up, it hit me like a train. It was awful.
Okay. Yeah I had I had no warning, I was walking around and then it just hit me And I have been Bedridden since I was up to like 5:00 AM with chills. It's really not pleasant.
Yeah. What are you in the States I'm assuming?
Nice. Yeah. Yeah it's
gotten cold which definitely isn't helping. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. No it was it was awful. Was sitting around doing nothing for like a week and then classes start last semester of college and I get sick one day into it, so. Yeah.
It's awful.
Yeah. How long were you in Japan for?
Did you did you spend a lot of time, did you go to any seven? 11 there?
That's awful, that's rough.
mm.
Yes. Well I went to, I was in Hong kong last year and it's pretty, pretty similar as far as the, the fast food and uh it was exciting.
Yeah, now it's definitely not a good time to go to Hong kong, wow, mm,
the floodgates. Yeah.
Yeah, I saw the, I saw the clips, at least people getting onto the trains in the morning and they have like a designated shove the people on the person who works for the train. Uh
it's so surreal to think about, I don't know.
I know, I know the feeling. I just, I spent probably the entire night just constantly getting up, going between putting a sweatshirt on, taking a sweatshirt off, opening the window, putting another sweatshirt on.
It's
awful.
I'm like not cold for the first time today, but I really don't know how long that will last.
Yeah, I also like misplaced all of my like Ibuprofen and Advil and whatnot. I just don't have the energy to like go to CVS and get more and I'm too lazy to go look through my house.
That's so nice. The good
thing is I work remote, so I didn't have any risk of getting anyone sick, but then
at the
same
time
and
then
yeah, yeah, I got a note and I've been out of class for a while. But I mean I guess it's a good thing that I'm missing, like the earlier classes because they're not as important, but at the same time I feel bad just all of a sudden like skipping classes on the second day.
Yeah, the good thing was I had, well I met I had all my classes meet at least once before I got sick, right?
Yeah, actually I first got sick on Tuesday and this is the first semester that I've had a class at night because it was the only thing that would fit my schedule to graduate. So I had a lecture from 6-9. p.m.
And even worse there was something wrong with the room we're having it in
And it was 80° and
we actually we actually ended up getting out a full hour early because it was so unbearably hot that like no one could deal with it, but I was also like sick at the same time, so I was just like trying not to puke sitting in that room. Yeah and
I had I had ended
up, yeah, I had ended up biking to class that day And I live in a pretty populated city and I didn't want to leave my bike on some random street overnight because it was like 100% like, things would get stolen from it no matter like what I locked up like. So I just sucked it up and I biked home With the flu at like 9:30.
It was
like, it was like 27° with the wind and my gloves are horrible. It was awful.
Mm.
That was
I'm inclined to. Yeah. The good thing is I live right across the street from a grocery store, but I'm like, so sick right now that it might as well be like miles away.
my, my mom, well, she was a nurse, um and my dad's a doctor and I called them yesterday and they go to urgent care. So what they say, But it's one of those things that like when it's flu symptoms like, what do you do if they're like, drink water? Because they say, you know, if you're otherwise healthy and are able to handle fluids, they won't prescribe you anything, which I mean makes sense, but it's definitely pretty miserable.
That's, that's exactly what they said. They're like, yeah, we're not going to give you 10 were like, why would we, like, you're able to drink water? You're young, you're healthy. I'm like, thanks. Go.
Yeah. It's like when I was, when I was younger, it's pretty accident prone and I got a bunch of concussions from just, you know, like running into things. And that's another one of those injuries where there's like literally nothing you can do other than like, don't turn on the lights, like. Yeah.
Uh huh.
No.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. It's funny, as I said, urgent care and they're like, oh, do you have a runny stuff? You know? No more than usual. And they're like, what's that supposed to mean? I'm like basically always do. And they're like, okay.
Yeah. I think the worst thing it comes in waves every couple hours. I'm like, am I feeling better? And then I like stand up and I'm like, oh, no, not at all.
I know. I was looking at my emails from a couple of days ago when I was like telling my professor and I was like, I'll see how I feel in the morning, like I should be okay. And I'm like, I was so wrong. Yeah. Uh and the worst part is, it was one of those things where, so I go to college, like near where I live. Um, so we had winter break and everyone left and it was super boring and I was just, you know, sitting looking at the wall for like a week and I was like oh finally everyone's coming back like life will go back to normal, I'll see people like I'm not going to be
watching
the paint dry in my room, this will be great, like I'm not a huge fan of class but like it's it's better than what I'm dealing with right now. And then I have one day a class on the second day I just get violently ill.
All my friends are like stay away, like my roommates are like don't leave your room sorry mm.
yeah that stuff is strong,
what do you do for work?
what kind of flaw?
Uh Computer science and accountant.
know people always think it's weird, they're like oh that's such a strange combination, I don't think it's super weird because accounting is very logical and pretty straightforward. It's one of those things where like it balances or it doesn't like there's some degree of it being more than an art than a science when it comes to like you can do things different ways but it's pretty straightforward, which is which is nice. I think my big thing was I just didn't want to have like computer science classes, you know all day long for four years and be around CS majors all day long for four years.
So
it's
is
change
of
That's cool.
there.
Okay. Yeah I think it's I think it's pretty fun mm so hot again now, I've just
been like constantly going from my room to like sitting in the bathroom with like the steam on. Yeah.
Yeah, I think at this point I've just resigned to the fact that I'm probably not going to class either just calling at the weekend.
Yeah. Even though I've been, since I work from home, I've still been calling into some of my meetings and just sitting there quietly. But my attempts of doing work have been pretty futile. It's one of those things like being sick isn't that bad until you're so sick that you can't like do things when you're sitting around at home. I was like, oh, I don't have the energy to play computer games and like it's so miserable like.
Thank
you.
I get
that.
I know I'm kind of the same way. I've always found it weird. I'm like, I don't want to watch a one hour tv show, but I will watch like 6, 10 minutes long Youtube videos. No problem.
every time
I'm sick that happens especially more so on facebook than Youtube because every time there's one of those facebook videos I'll click it and then I'll scroll down and I end up watching the weirdest things. So now it now it recommends to me like a ton of british sitcoms and clips from like dr fail and like divorce court and like judge judy, I'm like okay cool
okay. Yeah I remember at one point there was some controversy a couple of years ago about how the Youtube algorithm favored controversial content and it would like heavily recommend like really weird conspiracy theory level kind of nonsense to people.
very, I'm not, I'm not huge in the tv but recently the only thing I've been watching was they rebooted all the old Scooby doo episodes on netflix. Yeah, so I watched, I watched a couple of those the other day,
so,
you mm Yeah mm yeah, yeah I tried to try to get some reading done for the last couple of days, but it's basically most of what I can do is just like sit on my phone so I don't want to sit up. I've been doing the thing where I'm like I'm like laying in bed like right on the edge just like dangling down and holding my phone down just like letting the blood rushed to my head, it's miserable.
Yeah, I don't blame you, I was just like I was a shivering mess yesterday, I was just like curled up in a ball. Yeah
yeah and the flu is like serious, it's one of those things you just get hit with them, people die from it.
It's funny because I'm inclined to think I'm not 100% sure. But I do think this is the first year I didn't get a flu shot. I might
have gotten
it, I might have gotten it, but I'm not 100% sure if I did.
Yeah. Actually, same because I, uh, one of my friends had come back on saturday and we hung out and I was just talking to him yesterday and he's like, I also went to urgent care and I'm violently ill and I'm like,
yeah, yeah, can't win. I wonder, I wonder that matched us up based off of us. I don't know about you, but I said I was very low energy and very,
I'm I'm pretty sure that's probably the criteria used them. But then again, in the middle of january, the odds of two assorted strangers being sick is probably pretty high. Okay.
Yeah. Well, funny you say that because I called my dad yesterday at like 11 and he's like, yeah, I've taken like 46 like patients with flu symptoms so far only. Yeah, sounds about right. Yeah. Uh so miserable.
The, like, the brunt of what I've been doing is just having conversations with my Alexa on the table. Yeah,
and then it it briefly started snowing yesterday, I looked out the window for like an hour.
did you just have to boil tap water?
jeez,
Like
no
Oh, that's that's not
good.
Yeah, I'm sure it's just one of these weeks. What a what a start to the new year?
Neither of which are particularly compelling options.
Hi, I'm sure. So did you spend
christmas in Japan?
Okay. And why Japan, was this just kind of a long term thing you wanted to do? Do you go regularly or what was
solid.
Yeah, that's not bad at all. What, what airline did you fly?
Mhm Oh my good Lord, my hair today. I've just given up over the past. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I was like trying to comb it yesterday and then I'm like, what's the point? Uh huh. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I've ever had like this aggressive a case of bedhead. Yeah, I'll live. Uh huh
Yeah. No. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh It's recording is going to be like half us coughing.
What do they expect?
Yeah, basically their entire demographic is either not working or sick so it is. Uh huh mm Sure.
It just, it doesn't help that I've been sleeping so badly too, so.
mhm Yes. Mhm Yeah. Although I feel like with melatonin like it makes me tired for a little bit and if I like fight it anything longer than like 10 minutes. I've just completely wrote it out and then I'm like no longer tired.
have this, it's whenever I'm like exhausted, I'll either immediately fall asleep or attempt to fall asleep and it won't happen and I'll just end up being a path tonight.
Same. You know, it also doesn't help that I typically feel more productive at night, but like most of the planet is not like equipped For me to be like doing work at 10 pm,
the one.
Mm The good, the good thing about working remote though is I'm the only one of my company right now who isn't on the west Coast so like they have to get up at nine for our meetings, But I'm just like chilling at one. p.m.
Except one time I did manage to sleep through.
It was because I was sick though I'm one of those types of people that like even if I'm horrifically exhausted I would much rather like wake up at 10 than like Serene. I just can't do the whole like wake up in the middle of the afternoon thing.
Oh I just can't do it, I just like feel like shit about myself for doing it. And I also just like it screws up my whole like I mean I already like barely sleep as is so then if I'm like waking up at six p.m. then I just don't want to go back to sleep at night.
Fair fair
same.
Yeah. It's one of those things where like I'm like why am I so tired and I'm like oh that's why.
Yeah yep. It was definitely a learned learned habit from my father though. I started,
I think the doctor sleep schedule when I was, you know, in middle school, except I'm not on call and he is,
don't get people who
do that.
I don't know, I don't get it. Okay. Yeah. Also
I think we, I think we hit the 25 minute mark or something close to it.
Yeah, I think so. I
think it was like 20
past.
Oh wow. What do we do? Do we just close this window or something
you as well feel better.
Thank you.
have a good one.