Hey.
Hello.
Good, how are you?
I am ever nice to meet you.
my second time doing it. Um Yeah, first time I'm pretty smoothly so I was like yeah it seems pretty fun.
Yeah. Where are you based from?
Okay cool. I'm in
Iowa
actually.
Yeah.
Yeah. There's not much to do here to be honest. Not not much reason to come here if you like.
I'm actually working. So before uh quarantine or lockdown I was in California, northern California working
no way. Yeah, so I was actually just moved out of college, graduated from college last year and then we're working in uh like South Bay, living in the city. I was living in the Mission district and then um
since life down here I've gone toward remote so I just came back to Iowa with my heart to live with my parents. Yeah.
I don't
know.
I was a New Jersey life. I've only I think been to New Jersey on when I was on route to like new york through like lots of and
stuff.
Art
what
it's pretty hard to tell. Yeah.
My life so this restriction. Okay
Okay question.
Okay
what?
it's
been much different I think back when I was in san Francisco had a lot more human contact, got to see my friends a lot more. I was actually dancing on college dance team. I was
doing a book.
was uh outside of work I think I do a lot of dancing at least before the pandemic size with a competitive team of irreparably um
Yeah
so missing a lot of cases I met there and a lot of friends I met. Yeah.
Yeah.
actually yeah because I'm living with my parents now, so there are a little bit I think maybe considered at risk just because of their age, so I really don't want to like expose them to anything, so as a result, haven't really been outside the house in the last month. What? Yeah.
Well.
Yeah. Any uh dishes that you've had fun cooking or that turned out well,
yeah,
I do not.
for sure. I think a lot of my friends have just picked up random hobbies that they like always never had
time to before the time bar. Right. Yeah.
Not really, I did like cooking before. Um never had that much time, but like I'm back home. So my mom's while they're cooking, I don't I don't like to cook with her because she tends
to be a little bit of micromanaging bossy. So like I've tried the cooking at home in the past and she'll come over and be like you're doing this wrong, let me show you how to do it and
it's
like it's
nice. Yeah.
you're
not
stopping
it.
for sure. I don't think it works super well with my mom so I just kind of gave up. Yeah.
Yeah I actually get next week off from work as well so probably gonna whip the extra time probably actually gonna try cooking maybe because my mom still have to work some of the days. So I think she'll be gone from the house since you can't nag me
Mr Brown.
Um Not really, I think I'm just gonna try making stuff that I've been creating a lot.
So
my mom usually um cooks like
chinese food which is kind of where she learned to cook but because of that I've been missing a lot of the other types of food so probably gonna make some guac next week um and maybe some mexican like tacos or something uh school.
so
I agree. I still wish I yeah I mean I'll probably be going back there anyway once all this resume so I have a lot more chance. But yeah had some great cuisine so far in san Francisco and like pretty affordable as well.
Course.
if you have that, are you close to the city or use pretty farmhouse? Mm hmm.
it's
Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Brown.
that's
one
thing yeah I think that's the one thing that I've missed a lot is like compared to san Francisco is like the weather here actually changes. So I'm a big fan of like snow and rain. I guess rain. We still get somewhat in san Francisco with snow. Yeah.
Yeah
what else do I like to do? I've been playing a lot of video games since quarantine started uh
safe
activity.
I play like online O. M. Or P. G. S. If you know what those are. Um But also just like some of the party games I've you've heard of among us.
camara's
it's a pretty fun game. It's like mafia. Um If you ever played that but like in video game form it's uh it's like you like everybody, it's I usually just play with my friends online, but it's basically everybody is there like two evil guys, one or two
evil guys, and then everybody else is good guys, you know like this spaceship and the good guys just try to finish all the tasks. They have random tasks scattered across the spaceship and the bad guys tried to kill them. And so I'm brian like the good guys can call meetings if they find people suspicious and they can hold the vote in the majority, if anybody gets a majority, they can kick them off the ship. So like the good guys try to win either by finishing all the tasks before they get killed or kicking the two bad guys off the bad guys, try to run around and kill everybody else.
no,
they're all they're all the same. They're cute little like uh like astronauts, really cute pictures of astronauts, everybody like learned with a different color. Yeah.
Yeah, there was
I was going
It sounds kind of therapeutic as well.
that sounds fine. I feel like at some point in the past I definitely wanted to get a little bit into an interior design or like just no more because it seems like a very interesting concept.
I still
I don't
know.
okay. I'll put it away so I'll give it a little later.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm not
too
much
about
it.
I'm
not
making
a mobile person. Barbara
come
to
work with them. Okay.
What?
All
makes sense. Mm hmm. Yeah, I can't imagine anything. Their computer. I feel like it's uh I grew up with that one at least until I was like in middle school. But I like from then on it was like I was, it's hard to imagine, especially in the president mike day Children now. It's like, like it's pretty hard for them to imagine you've been living without like either a cell phone or like a
Yeah. This is a random tangents. But this is something I thought about a lot and just like I was curious about. So like I was trying to imagine college um for like maybe even like 50 years ago or maybe a further back is like, because I feel like one of the things that happened while in college is like people would make plans and then sometimes I get frustrated with my people show up wait even if they like latex or something like I'm running late. Like I'm trying to imagine how that work without cell phones. Like how would you know if you may plan and like
well
like not get frustrated that people if they didn't show up at all or like we're running two hours late, who knows?
But the interesting. Right.
Okay that makes sense. Yeah because like half the time when we just like trying to hang around hang out around campus, like we change spots often so we just be like texting okay where you were you right now maybe reply like X. Y. Z. And when we go they're waiting out there for the day. But like it's hard to imagine that without cell phones.
True.
Yeah I guess I'm in that generation or like I'm kind of in the middle where I can still remember, not quite maybe nine when the last generations, right,
bit. I like definitely
remember map quest before google mass wizard thing and like a O L uh stuff like that
wearing
I mean it's hard to be positive, I feel like in the modern, in modern America
yeah,
I've been looking at for a share like moving places to move potentially in the future, I don't know, give them how the last a couple of months of blowing over I feel like maybe another country might be better. Uh huh
Well
which country? Yeah.
Uh huh Uh huh
I
don't know
much,
I thought about Canada and
new Zealand just because of english, you know like an english speaking country and I already noticed down kind of um have not visited Britain at all so I would I definitely want to go at some point but I'm not sure.
Yeah. Uh I've had some friends actually exchanged and England for like a quarter or term base. That was pretty nice so I'm definitely interested but so far I think I feel like Canada is kind of close to home for me like I feel like I'm pretty attached to America still even if I don't like everything about it so like Canada's nice middle grounds and also
I
And that. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Sorry kurt Yeah Canada seems like nicer neighbor of us,
like they don't really get into international conflicts, everything is pretty peaceful domestically. Like we will just make
jokes about themselves or as you actually like we got a cop, tell you mike here. Yeah.
Yeah, I think I have the same impression, definitely Australia seems like you versus the wild kind of, I don't know
how about that.
yeah, that's valid point. Yeah, I didn't even think about that. Yeah.
yep. I've actually spent a couple of months of my life in Toronto enjoyed a lot, a couple of days in Vancouver as well, so yeah. Mm
What?
Great.
It.
Actually
high school
sweet.
Well,
Yeah, from what I've heard in spain is probably the opposite,
like
everything
is
open
until
like six a.m. Everybody doesn't get home until like seven and that's working like two PM or something.
Yeah, that's fair. It's kind of crazy. I think all I know really becomes about Spain is from spanish class back in like high school. Yeah. Yeah. There.
Yeah.
No.
I'm not. Mhm.
Yeah, that would be cool. Yeah, I'll put in my guts as well. Yeah, I was at some point I was like started picking up a little bit of photography just for fun. I think I wanted to do architectural photography. Um but
yeah, I didn't really pan out to much relies, especially the architectural lenses that you need, like the lenses that you need to shoot or like the most expensive.
A couple of $1000
age.
Yeah. Very excellence.
What? Uh huh. Do
you have anything
any plans for thanksgiving for like the next week? Ish?
Trouble.
supports
Uh Not too much going to be doing a little cooking as I mentioned. Probably a
lot of that excited to just take the week off and relax little bit more. I
yeah, this is the first time I think that this happens. Um So yeah, I think a lot of stress has been piling up just because of like all the work that's been piling up for me and then especially like exacerbated by like remote and like the situation that's happening. So be nice to be able to take full, cannot think about work. Uh huh
Or
yeah, I'm hoping sent to you. Yeah. Oh yes true.
Beautiful. Oh, is that a sign? You know? Mhm.
huh.
Vice president.
Yeah, I think I might finish the survey now. Two. Uh
huh. Yeah, it
was nice meeting you
and I hope you have a good week.
Well to