Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. 10 o'clock. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. She mm. Shit. Yeah.
Hello?
Hi, how are you?
And I can only see half of your face. Yeah. There you go. And now I can't see your mouth. But that's yeah, there you guys can see. Yeah. Hi, I'm sunny.
Uh huh. Nice to meet you. Have you ever done this before? Mhm.
I know. That's the way I felt, it was like, you know, I talked to this nice man in florida or something and uh we had a nice chat and yeah it was cool.
I'm in New Jersey right now.
It
was
Iowa. Okay. Okay.
I don't know that I've ever really been to Iowa, I've been most States but I can't remember if I've ever been there.
What do you, what do you do?
That's where I used to live. I lived in san Francisco for a long time.
Okay.
Yeah. Well it makes sense. I bet it's it's tough there right now in san Francisco so
I
mean I miss it a lot obviously, but yeah, things things happened, so I ended up here for a while.
Well,
like Iowa, there's really not much reason to come, so
I hate New Jersey. I've always hated
it. I grew up here and uh yeah, I just I can't stay in the place, but you know, it's all right, I'm dealing with it and uh hopefully when these days I'll figure out what comes next and move somewhere else. Probably not back to san Francisco. It's a little pricey for me there, but who knows, who knows what the world is gonna look like in another year. Right. So
All right. You're you're blocking again, you're you're behind my little window, you know where where I where I can see me? So, if you could just move to your left.
Now you're full in the screen. Okay, great.
Yeah.
All right. So
are you you managing through the pandemic and all you guys
feeling
You're
dancing, mm.
wow.
I didn't know there was such a thing as competitive dancing. I think. That's so awesome, wow.
Period. Yeah.
It's been difficult. Mhm.
Well, I mean there's never much of a outdoor person anyway. I mean, you know when you're in the city, obviously you go out more just because it's so easy and because whatever, it's everything
is right there, But but yeah, being in the suburbs is like the worst. I mean, there's just nothing to do and you know, there's nowhere to go anyway. So I've sort of become one of those cooking covid people, you know, I like cook and I'm learning to bake and make bread and stuff and so I've become one of those people which is good, you know, it's good to learn new things, right, It doesn't matter. So. Yeah,
well I finally, so over the years I've tried to bake bread many times and several times let's say, and it's always been a disaster like for me like yeast, I always had this thing like yeast hates me and we'll just not do what's supposed to do. So I finally big successful loaf of bread, so that was good and I made a Gillette,
do you know what that is?
Okay. It's like sort of like a freeform pie or tart, you know, you have the dough and it's like, it's like tart pastry dough and then you put all the feeling in the middle and you sort of fold up the edges and um anyway, I made this mushroom. Glad that's really good. And I've made some other sense. Yeah, it's just fun to try things that are like a little hard because you're like, well what the fuck else do I have to do so, you know?
easy.
All right. How about you, have you started anything new?
Cash.
I
hate
that. Yeah.
Like, you know, I did live on my own and cook my own food for how this how many years? So please back off. Yeah. You
have to kind
of like
sit them
down and be like okay, when I'm in the kitchen, you need to go somewhere else and read a book or something, you know? Just get them to believe you me.
you'll be out again at some point. I mean this can't go on forever I assume. Oh.
Is
there anything particular you like to cook
you
want?
How
It's amazing you know New Jersey does not have good mexican food like out here like what they think of as a taco is
like you totally roll your eyes but you probably know so yeah you just have to like create those things you can't find from from where there is decent food like sandwiches have such good food you know and I'm sport. I'm definitely spoiled. Yeah.
I know I know I was I'm surprised
it you know because san Francisco is expensive I mean everything is but food wise where I am now is probably more expensive which is crazy to think about it. I mean the New Jersey suburb has food and it's of course like not even nearly as good, you know, like you go to a restaurant and it's like everything is just blind, boring and not very well prepared and it costs a fortune. So I don't even want to eat out here, you know? Okay.
I don't know, like an hour on the train. It's not, it's not too, but it's not, it's not close enough to wear
like I'm going to just go in on a especially right now. So
I am unfortunately in that susceptible category that you know at risk category because I have cancer and chemo and all that. So you know, I have to sort of be a little more careful. So my big outing is like, oh the grocery store, you know,
that's a, but I, I've been walking a lot too, which is, is not bad because there's a lot of, especially in the fall, you know, a lot of nice treaties to look at and stuff I fall here I would say is better than in san Francisco but
have
season.
it's different than the rain. There is totally, it's like misty and drizzly and not like out and out right here. I still have shocked by it. I've even, I've been here for now like three years um you
know it pours it just like deluge level rain and I'm like yeah, I should remember this, I grew up with this but it seems so and if mockingly outrageous, you know, it's like there's a good word for it, but it's not coming to me right now. I don't know. So what else do you like to do?
I've been doing
some of that
too. What what do you play?
What is it?
Oh I don't know that one.
First.
And are the bad guys um are they non player characters? Are they real characters
I mean?
That sounds like a very bizarre but interesting game. So
I've been playing,
I've been playing this game, it's basically you're like an interior decorator and you create these rooms and that's all it is. All you're doing is creating rooms and then people vote on your rooms if you like if you like, you know if you like that sort of thing, it's actually really fun to do. So yeah
it is it is it's like coloring book only it's with furniture and and fabrics and things like that so yeah it's nice.
Yeah. Yeah I actually went to I started to go back to school to study interior design and then life happened and I had to stop but
and I'm not sure that was really like it was more, you know, there's a lot of architecture and stuff like that.
It probably
wasn't really going to work for me. I'm more into the decorating part and you know then let's take that wall and figure out the structure of everything kind of. But anyway, if you're into this game it's called it's an iphone game because I'm like I don't really have the big game console, it's called Redick or if you want to check it out. So
it's phrase oh yeah,
well
you
know it's
free
except the gender get
you
to buy
stuff.
No,
you're
not
I didn't even have a computer until, I
don't know six months ago because when I moved I had a desktop and I didn't want to bring it with me because it was too much hassle and so you know I had my iphone, I'm like well I don't really need for what I do in life, you know, that
was enough to have a keyboard and I was stand so I kind of like like a real person, you know? But now I've been working online a little bit so it helped to have a natural computer. Yeah.
I know, I know, I mean for me, you know I'm quite a bit older than you, uh you know, I never had a computer until, I don't even know until I was out in san Francisco so well after college, you know, so but yeah, now it's hard to imagine without having some sort of computing device, whether it's a mobile Warner, just life requires it. I mean I guess maybe if you're like a farmer and you know, you don't do a lot of spreadsheets here being fine. Yeah.
thank
you,
you got frustrated or you left and they just didn't show up. Yeah.
it was definitely annoying but you know, I think maybe people were a little more, I don't know, I mean I'm not sure, but maybe people were a little little less likely to blow something off or do you think this is my friend and I have no option other than show up or not show up, then you're going to show up and even if you show up and say look I'm really tired and I have to go back home and go to bed, you're going to do it anyway because you don't want your friend to be that pissed at you, you know?
Oh, I know. It's hard to imagine. So anything I mean think about like driving on lonely roads, you know in an old car, everything about how that happens if you break down you're totally screwed. How do people live? I did live through it and I still, I can barely imagine,
I mean not being able to look things up on google, I didn't forget it. I just could not function anymore if I couldn't do that. Yeah.
must be because I can't even I don't even think you can remember, can you remember before cell phones and all were ubiquitous.
I love it.
Well that was, that was back there but still there, that was the beginning of it,
you know? Yeah. Yeah. Well who knows what it'll be like in another 20 years if we make it that far. I'm feeling kind of pessimistic about the world these days but I'm trying to change that, I'm trying to be more positive. Mhm.
Yeah. It really is, it really is.
Yeah.
I've wanted to get out of this country for like 10 years or 20 years or something, I mean if I could go live in europe I was so happy. That's partly just because I really like europe and I've always wanted to live there for an extended period of time, I've lived there for short parents but um
uh I don't think it's likely to happen right now especially
lived in England and I really like England but with Brexit I'm sort of mad at them right now,
I've always wanted to live in Spain even though I've never actually been to spain, I think I would love to live in spain. I don't know, I just maybe it's a fantasy, maybe it's unrealistic, but I just think I'd really like Barcelona just seems like a great city. Mhm. Yeah.
How
about
you? Where have you thought about
Canada?
it's great.
It is,
it's true. It's true. Yeah.
I mean Canada seems like the practical choice. You know, it's close, it's and there the most like us of anywhere, you know, so but and of course new Zealand is where all the tech guys are going, right, they all have compounds in New Zealand now to go when the shit hits the fan.
of Australia. Yeah.
that's
I've never been there or Australia, but someday I'd like to go, Australia seems intense that were like weather wise, I had this online friend who lives in Australia and you know, it just seemed like it was either desert or, or crazy. You know, cold and I don't know, maybe a little too intense for me.
Since
I expect like climate disaster, you know, I don't know that Australia is going to be the best place because I think it's going to dry out even more than it is.
I mean that's why Canada also I think is a good place because you know, if it gets hotter, it'll be better to go north.
I've been, but you know, it's funny. It was
like family trips years ago
and that was probably the last time. So I don't have a really great, like I
can't really specifically remember. It just didn't seem like it didn't make a big impression on me the way other travel to other places is made. Maybe
that's why it's not what comes to mind first.
Most
recently I was in just for a day or just for an evening really was in victoria which is look very english, you know, it has that sort of english vibe. But I was just there. I was I went on a trip with my parents because it was like their anniversary and they did a cruise to Alaska. So that was where are cruise ship docked I think was
victoria for one night. So I looked around a little bit but like the place like literally closes down at like six o'clock. I mean very mellow town, you know. Really Not really my scene so much.
Right. It's
very
late
night
kind
of thing.
They like start dinner at nine o'clock. I'm like, yes, that is my world, that's where I want to live because I'm a night person, you know like like doing this as well for me it's 10 o'clock, right? Um This to me is like mid afternoon for most people.
Right. Well
I I also like, you know there's there's this
architect Gaudi, do you ever hear of him?
well he did this really crazy beautiful architecture and and a lot of it's in Spain. So I've always wanted to go see his buildings like there's this cathedral, I think they're still building this church or cathedral that he started, you know, and look it up online. G. A. U. D. I. It's just really interesting stuff if you like that sort of thing. Yeah.
Yeah.
They're really expensive. Yeah.
Well I think
photography is like anything like that. You know, you start where you are and you learn you buy the more expensive equipment or rent it when you get better and stuff.
I would think so. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Well,
let's see what
uh no, we're getting take out now. It's, I'm
not a big holiday person, you know, I don't really like, I find it to be all like, I like the cooking part sort of, but
um, family holiday stuff to me feels very stressful. So I would rather it all just went away frankly. But how about you? Anything?
Good.
I wish you get the whole week off. That's good.
Cool.
Well, hopefully it will be a nice relaxing one for you.
And talk this much and weak a
timer actually, I I just want to make sure
we got 25 minutes, so I set a timer so
we can either keep talking or or hang up whatever. It doesn't matter to me.
Okay.
Good,
nice meeting you, too.
Thanks. Have a good thanksgiving.
Goodbye.