SPEAKER_R: it's not right. Uh huh. It's so hard.
SPEAKER_L: hello.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I don't see my camera uh
SPEAKER_L: It seems to be the camera isn't turned on.
SPEAKER_R: as I said it's coming on or do you think?
SPEAKER_L: No, all I see is a like a camera icon with a slash through it. Like your camera isn't on.
SPEAKER_R: Okay lets the problem is that I have allowed I'll come back out I'll go out and try to come back in
SPEAKER_L: Okay. No problem. No. Yeah. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Today
SPEAKER_L: Same thing. Bill.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I see two. No this is going to be some sort of technical area here continue allowing better up to access your camera microphone. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah sorry I'll check and see if I can fix it at my aunt and then folly it's just gonna be one of those technical errors on the website. I will see what I do
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Cooper. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Right.
SPEAKER_R: at the other computer. It works on the
SPEAKER_L: Here we go.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It.
SPEAKER_R: was like oh it has to be my computer, I have a chrome and I have a uh I would say the Noble and Noble is not working, I don't know what I have to figure out what's going on with that keep here Yeah
SPEAKER_L: are you? I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Just working.
SPEAKER_R: and he said
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was gonna, are you setting a timer? Yeah, awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: Then I won't step mind, but I will flip my phone over. And how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: it's going okay. Uh So you're here on, was it political
SPEAKER_L: prolific.
SPEAKER_R: all? Yeah, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I've been doing it since since March since Covid. I was like, oh, you know, things are so uncertain. It wouldn't hurt to have a little little extra income. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I had it for a while, but I just started using it again probably like a month and a half ago.
SPEAKER_L: night?
SPEAKER_R: It's probably one of the best kind of websites for surveys, in my opinion. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think so. Like a long time ago I used to do the, I think it's called Swag Box Site and that's got to be really frustrating because it was so little and just, I don't know. Yeah, it's been a much better experience I think. Have you done one of these before where you chat with a partner?
SPEAKER_R: No. Have you?
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: is my
SPEAKER_L: I've done several actually. I think you're my fifth. I need to count in my head. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: okay, this is the first, the first time I've ever seen something like this. They said have a conversation and talk to whoever. I'm like what type of conversation?
SPEAKER_L: I know that's the thing. And the
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: first time I did it, I thought that they said that they would have like a topic for you, but then wouldn't, neither of us ever got anything.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: So we were just like, okay. But I mean now I think I'm just used to like just making chit chat for 25 minutes and in the age of Covid, I feel like there's always something to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you're a pro at it. I told him I don't not used to on the type of when he asked those questions like are you kind of like an outgoing person or you uh kind of like an introvert? And I'm like I'm an introvert, I don't know what to say, so you can pick whatever topic.
SPEAKER_L: Back. Well, so where are you from? If you don't mind sharing,
SPEAKER_R: I'm from where I live in ST paul Minnesota,
SPEAKER_L: you do, We're so close to each other,
SPEAKER_R: Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Sioux Falls South Dakota, so close fish. Like I go to the cities all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I moved here in March because I was in a car accident and I need to be closer to family while I'm healing, so that's why I'm here. So are you from too far or born their race?
SPEAKER_L: No, I was born and raised in North Dakota um like the middle of North Dakota, but that was actually just because of my dad's shop, so my family is not from the midwest and they actually have all gone and left and live out in Washington and Oregon, and I'm the only one who's who stuck around, so people are always like, why are you still here? And I'm like, I don't know, he grew on me,
SPEAKER_R: So you have it there, do you have water family that you that's out there with? You're just alone out there
SPEAKER_L: I'm alone,
SPEAKER_R: and.
SPEAKER_L: but I've been in Sioux falls for 15 years since Yes, and so five, so like I've, I know a lot of people and it's really kind of become home. No, where did you move from, to Saint paul?
SPEAKER_R: Um well I'm originally from Wisconsin at the walkie and then I um I had moved to Arizona and I got sick and I need to be closer to family, so I moved to florida Orlando florida and I stayed there for about a year and a half and I was ready to go back to Arizona and then that's when my accident happened. And so now I moved here to be closer to family just because, you know, I have a lot of broken bones in my body and stuff like that. So, uh and I've been working, you know, doing self employed work too, but before Covid, so it's nothing different. It's, I've been working from home for about three years. And so, so it kind of fits in with, you know, my sister with my current situation. So that's a blessing. But you know, I
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: haven't really been impact impacted by Covid at all. Oh, yeah, How about you?
SPEAKER_L: What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I have, I'm self employed and things I do, I do label making for oils. I put together like earrings and necklaces. Um and I'm also self published. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What do you write?
SPEAKER_R: I write erotica.
SPEAKER_L: Oh very cool. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: But actually I'm trying to branch out into like, fantasy sci fi. So yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: is so cool.
SPEAKER_R: what about you? What do you do,
SPEAKER_L: Um So I'm a social media manager for a regional telecom. Um and we actually, our corporate headquarters are in, in a dina there in the cities, but we're like our services are more greater Minnesota and then like North Dakota, South Dakota, little bit in Kansas. Um And then we also have a sports network, kind of like a Fox Sports North, so I have to overseas social for all of that. And then yeah, I do some writing on the side too, but I have not gotten up the courage to try to put it out there or published, so that is so amazing, I'm so impressed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's it's something new that I've been trying some, I have all this extra time, so I write under a pen name and I don't put my facebook there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I totally get that. Have you had good results like have you done like e books on amazon or?
SPEAKER_R: I have a book, a book on amazon. Um and there's one book that I'm writing now which is more of a sci fi and out of erotica, but it kind of branches off of the erotica that wrote. And there's a website that you can actually post your writing on, that you can get rated. So I have already been rated with that particular story and it did well in the ratings. That's why I decided to go ahead and publish it. Oh, it's yeah, a unique experience.
SPEAKER_L: You ever like with that website because I do poetry and other things
SPEAKER_R: Onion.
SPEAKER_L: but like I know I read it there's like there's a subreddit where people post their poems for faith feedback and I like it but I'm also like and this is kind of arrogant but please don't take it that way. But I'm afraid someone will like steal something. You know like I do you have that fear at all?
SPEAKER_R: Um if I feel like for as far as copyright goes, it's already on your computer that you it's already copy written, you just have to get it registered. That's that's what my understanding what copyright is. So if you create the files on your computer and you share it with somebody else that leaves kind of like a trail that, you know, it's your work. Um Also to begin, like for writing stories when I sent him out there, that's usually the, it's the drafted uh work. It's not going to actually end up being, you know, it's not going to be the full story. I'm going to have to do a lot of editing. So, so I don't have that fear that someone's going to steal it. But I do copyright my work I do in a registering it, just to make sure. And you can, if you really that concerned about it, like if you want to put it out like your work of poetry out eventually you can copyright your work before it's published. So yeah, I would do that. And yeah, go for if you put right. I think poetry is doing pretty well now. For some reason a lot of people are getting back into poetry. Yeah. Yeah. I would if you have a lot of port you're just laying around just make it make it into a book and
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: we'll even have to
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: happens. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's doing pretty good. There's important work they just do one line of page like one line of page poetry. And for some reason that story so well online. But
SPEAKER_L: That's really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that about Reddit having that uh port that poetry. It's like a you can post your port
SPEAKER_L: like feedback.
SPEAKER_R: if he back. That's pretty cool. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I mean I'm sure they have it for other genres too, but that was just the one that I thought and of course them are like I'm like I'm just not going to comment on this one.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. Uh You have to learn how to give like constructed being
SPEAKER_L: construction.
SPEAKER_R: bad but it has to be it's got to be constructed for one. But then after that it has to it can't have a bite on the end. Like you just can't be attacking the person. I see a lot of people who give feedback, they'll be like you know one star uh you shouldn't be a writer, don't give up your day job.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awful. And like I know for myself so I do sometimes some writing workshops with friends or because I'm in marketing, like I work with a lot of writers and like my biggest frustrations, I want feedback. Like I don't want people to just be like, this is good because that doesn't help me. But yeah, in like a space with strangers, I'd be a lot more afraid of people just being jerks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They're out there, they're out there right? Yeah. I still feel like uh if you if it's a safe space, I know some subreddit are safe. I mean it's okay to put it out there and get the feedback. But that he said sometimes people they will read your stuff and they won't even give you any type of feedback because they're scared they might make it make you feel upset about what you've worked on. But yeah, but I don't know, it's kind of fun writing, even if you don't like eventually post your stuff, it's good to have some stuff out there or, you know, for yourself because it's there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. It's just like ultimately you should be doing it for the love of it, right? Because
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: because you can't not so
SPEAKER_R: sometimes frustrated, like, right now, like, I have set a goal, I'm like, I'm gonna write 1000 words a day and it's so simple, 1000 words. But there's days where those words don't even come out and it's just frustrating and it's like, I don't want to continue writing and then I just give up. But some days the story, I'm so immersed in it and I'm writing like, oh my God, I'm a panther, So, you know, I just right at the top of my head, so I really
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: I don't plot or anything like that. So, when the story comes out it surprised me, I'm like oh this is interesting but then like I'm out a roadblock on the story that I'm ready now because I'm kind of stuck on one scene so I'm like okay forget it, I give up, but uh eventually I'll come back to it, so do you have any Children or?
SPEAKER_L: I have one little boy who's for, so it's just me and him. So that, I mean that's the other thing. It's hard to work on the writing and stuff with, you know, imbalance him and work. But how about you?
SPEAKER_R: no I don't, I have a niece that's five. Um that is in florida and another niece that uh she's about to be one next month and then A nephew who's three, I don't know how he is but uh and then I have another nephew underway in december but I don't have any Children of my own but I know that my niece when she was four, oh my gosh, one, she became extremely talkative two, it's like where did you get this language from? And then She just came a lot more interesting. I like four.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's fun. But like it's just funny that you said that because just last weekend I texted my mom and was like, he has talked at me all weekend, like not even to me just at me all weekend long and I can't take it anymore. And she was like, that's motherhood
SPEAKER_R: Uh for that's my nice age so
SPEAKER_L: spin
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I yeah, when
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: is he,
SPEAKER_L: still so sweet.
SPEAKER_R: when is he? So he's not really going to your like being school until next year sometime? Right. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hubert with that. Hopefully Covid, hopefully that will die down by the time he goes back to go to school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's, I mean he's a summer birthday to like he'll turn five in june so I feel like if it's still crazy with Covid because our stay is not doing anything what nothing like our governor is like becoming famous because she's doing nothing and the numbers are really awful. So if it's bad still next summer involved and I may just hold him back for another year and have them start kindergarten when he's just turned six. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense. Or you go home school them to you know get that foot up
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: and I feel like he learned so much at daycare and then just with me like we're readers. So we read every day and like, you know, we talk about things and we go on nature hikes and so I don't know. I guess I'm not too worried about him being too far behind.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah that's true. That's good stay. Some day cares are really good with and some aren't but some are really good with giving them a head start up when you go to school. Yeah. So I don't check the name are here, it should go off, It's 10, we have 10 minutes in 30. Uh
SPEAKER_L: But I'm honestly interested to know of out of all the states are the places that you've lived in. Like what has, what was your favorite
SPEAKER_R: Arizona Arizona Arizona
SPEAKER_L: Even with the heat
SPEAKER_R: even with the heat.
SPEAKER_L: and your Wisconsin girl, how are you? Are you going with that heat?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, my goal was, I have a lot of weight to lose back in 2000 or still do now, but back in 2000 and 6, 17 and I was in college and I was ready to branch out and go down south. I was like, okay, then I'm ready. I'm, I'm done with this winter. I just want to move there before winter starts. And so 2017 I moved there and the skies were blue, there's mountains. And this guy, there's a in Milwaukee, their diversity is not there. Whereas in Arizona more diverse, you can get, it's like, like in Milwaukee, it's kind of the most segregated city in the United States, you know? And so you don't really get that diversity. So moving to Arizona was different for me and I was able to get the diversity and experience new people. uh new foods, just a new environment. Then I had a herniated disc, my spine went out and I couldn't walk. And so I decided, okay, I need to be closer to family because I'm not getting help here in Arizona family moved to Orlando and the heat was worse. Like it was more humid and it's sticky and like I can't stand the heat in Orlando. It's worth there. Like I lived in Tempe and it was worse than Tempe. I'm like, and and people in Orlando had the audacity asked me like, how old because you stand that heat in Arizona? I'm like, are you serious? It's hot here. Orlando way hot. Um, and congested.
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: It's a
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: lot of
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: people were there.
SPEAKER_L: gripping hot where you're just like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, I can't. So Arizona is definitely the best. I don't think I'll ever move back to Wisconsin. Um the goal really is to heal myself here and then move back. Or technically I'm probably gonna move culture to family and my sisters. Um thinking about moving to texas, so I'm not in a movement of texas and I don't like jumping all around. Uh but this is what I've been doing for the last three years is jumping mm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I feel like now is the time to, you know, before you get too settled in one place or like you have kids in school to think about or you know like it just becomes more complicated later on
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll figure it out. We'll see. I have a lot like a long healing process and a long weight loss journey to go through before I even decided to leave Minnesota. But I just can't, I just I thought I have to spend another winter anywhere. Are you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: prepared for it?
SPEAKER_L: no, especially not with like Covid, I am not prepared, but I've been kind of thinking about going west and being closer to my family too. But yeah, egg would it would be great to get away from the winter here. Like, even though I grew up with it, I'm just sick of it, like I'm just done.
SPEAKER_R: Cleaning off the car. It's like the worst just cleaning the car.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're just like, I love doing stuff outdoors, but I don't love being cold, so I don't really do outdoorsy stuff in the winter, like I'm not a skier, I'm not a I don't know, ice fishing, what else do you do? And you're like ice skate? I don't do any of that stuff. So I would yeah, rather be somewhere where that it's a little more moderate we
SPEAKER_R: it's not easy the moving, I mean it's not easy, it's the relocating, it's costly for one and then it's uh it's for me mentally. There's a shift in my brain when I move that just cannot accept that I've moved to another location, even though I I prepare myself, my brain is just, it freaks out, like, oh my god, you're somewhere else, what are we going to do? And I'm just like that's just taking our environment calm down.
SPEAKER_L: with. Yeah, that's I mean that's definitely something I've been thinking about is just like it is a huge effort just finding new housing and oh stresses me out a little bit to think about that. I think it's but your dad do if you want to try something new, I would rather do that than just settle, you know, everyone settle in life. So.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's good phrase I should keep that, don't want to settle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just, I don't know about ST paul for you, but do falls has gotten really comfortable for me, so I could see staying just because like I have made a good group of friends and have settled in and I know the city and like I know the problems in South Dakota but it's like the devil you know, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's good that you found a place that you are comfortable and like living in and meeting people is not easy for me. But uh if you can find people that you can trust that's kind of close to you, like family and it would be kind of hard to leave that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, for sure, especially with my son, like I have friends now that I would trust to pick him up and you know, come from daycare or you know, so it'll be hard to leave that for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I can understand that. Uh or
SPEAKER_L: So what do you, what are you up to for the rest of the day?
SPEAKER_R: uh I told myself I'm not gonna write, but I probably should write uh because I'm just stuck on this one scene where I I don't know how to transition from there, so and like my brain tells me one thing, and then then it says, no, you want to transition the story here, and I'm like, I don't know, because originally I went in thinking I'm going to make my character split up, but with the situation going out, and it will be it won't be logical for a reader would be like, why would they split up during that situation? You know, So I'm not really think about who's going to be reading the story. And so that's why I'm like, okay, I have to wait and see what my brain is going to do. As far as transitioning the story out to the next segment. Uh If I'm not doing that, I have to work on a contract with uh physical at their trainer. So I'll be doing that. It's not a lot of stuff that I can do, or I can read being home bone and having broken bones. It's not really much you can do. I had to keep up.
SPEAKER_L: I bet. Yeah I was
SPEAKER_R: girl.
SPEAKER_L: just gonna say like I've heard that sometimes walking and not thinking about the story but just letting your brain like ruminate through it or do what it does can help with like figure out plot like that. But you probably can't do that with here. So
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: he like great tip. Thanks. Thanks for
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I have some weight too though. Like some dumbbells, I might just do a little bit of working out. So it is to get my mind off to another place was away from the story. So I can do that. But this is going to be a better story than the one I self published before because self publishing is very difficult. I didn't realize all the stuff you have to go through if you want to self publish on your own. But I mean, if you have, if you have the financial, uh stability or you have a financial, you know, you can you can pay for it, you can get your yourself an editor, you can get yourself a book designer, you can get yourself a to want to uh to design the interior of your book and that is thousands upon thousands of dollars. So instead of spending thousands of dollars, I ended up uh teaching myself through skill share and Youtube learn how to do it myself and that was a lot of hours to figure out like. And there's some stuff that I probably missed um as far as marketing the book, so it can actually, people will be interested in purchasing and stuff like that. So but you know it's a trial and error thing for me, you know,
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: we'll see
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing though that you're able to teach yourself that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: good. Yeah, you have to have time even though it seems like I have time, there is still the business that I that I've been working on with my family and helping them. Um Well I do all the labelling and all the the photo shopping and stuff like that. And they go out and they make the cells. But I've been trying to convince my mom to move her business online, but everything is local. So so it's like, you know, we need to be moving his business online now. It's winter time. You just can't keep everything local people. They buy things online. It's covid they don't want to to approach people anymore. And so but and
SPEAKER_L: now now it's time to hit it ahead of the holidays too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're about to hit 25. 25. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad you got things figured out with your webcam.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's just a new computer or a different computer, so I'm glad I got to figure it out too. So what actually happens after it is do we just hang up on here or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so we hang up on here and then you click over to that other, you should still have the other tab open for the where you went through and then you can click the next button. It's gonna ask you a bunch of questions about like your perception of how this went and like our perceptions of each other and yeah and then I think like usually they're like if you want to do another like here's a link to the sign up so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Cool. Thank you for speaking with me these 25 minutes. And
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: We need you.
SPEAKER_L: Have a good one. But.