it's not right. Uh huh. It's so hard.
Yeah. Yeah I don't see my camera uh
as I said it's coming on or do you think?
Okay lets the problem is that I have allowed I'll come back out I'll go out and try to come back in
Okay. Yeah. Today
yeah I see two. No this is going to be some sort of technical area here continue allowing better up to access your camera microphone. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah sorry I'll check and see if I can fix it at my aunt and then folly it's just gonna be one of those technical errors on the website. I will see what I do
at the other computer. It works on the
I
was like oh it has to be my computer, I have a chrome and I have a uh I would say the Noble and Noble is not working, I don't know what I have to figure out what's going on with that keep here Yeah
I'm good. Yeah
and he said
yeah
it's going okay. Uh So you're here on, was it political
all? Yeah, thank you.
Um I had it for a while, but I just started using it again probably like a month and a half ago.
It's probably one of the best kind of websites for surveys, in my opinion. Yeah.
No. Have you?
is my
okay, this is the first, the first time I've ever seen something like this. They said have a conversation and talk to whoever. I'm like what type of conversation?
It
it's
Yeah. Well you're a pro at it. I told him I don't not used to on the type of when he asked those questions like are you kind of like an outgoing person or you uh kind of like an introvert? And I'm like I'm an introvert, I don't know what to say, so you can pick whatever topic.
I'm from where I live in ST paul Minnesota,
Where are you from?
Okay. Yeah, I moved here in March because I was in a car accident and I need to be closer to family while I'm healing, so that's why I'm here. So are you from too far or born their race?
So you have it there, do you have water family that you that's out there with? You're just alone out there
and.
Um well I'm originally from Wisconsin at the walkie and then I um I had moved to Arizona and I got sick and I need to be closer to family, so I moved to florida Orlando florida and I stayed there for about a year and a half and I was ready to go back to Arizona and then that's when my accident happened. And so now I moved here to be closer to family just because, you know, I have a lot of broken bones in my body and stuff like that. So, uh and I've been working, you know, doing self employed work too, but before Covid, so it's nothing different. It's, I've been working from home for about three years. And so, so it kind of fits in with, you know, my sister with my current situation. So that's a blessing. But you know, I
haven't really been impact impacted by Covid at all. Oh, yeah, How about you?
Well, I have, I'm self employed and things I do, I do label making for oils. I put together like earrings and necklaces. Um and I'm also self published. So yeah,
I write erotica.
But actually I'm trying to branch out into like, fantasy sci fi. So yeah, that's
well,
what about you? What do you do,
Yeah. It's it's something new that I've been trying some, I have all this extra time, so I write under a pen name and I don't put my facebook there.
I have a book, a book on amazon. Um and there's one book that I'm writing now which is more of a sci fi and out of erotica, but it kind of branches off of the erotica that wrote. And there's a website that you can actually post your writing on, that you can get rated. So I have already been rated with that particular story and it did well in the ratings. That's why I decided to go ahead and publish it. Oh, it's yeah, a unique experience.
Onion.
Um if I feel like for as far as copyright goes, it's already on your computer that you it's already copy written, you just have to get it registered. That's that's what my understanding what copyright is. So if you create the files on your computer and you share it with somebody else that leaves kind of like a trail that, you know, it's your work. Um Also to begin, like for writing stories when I sent him out there, that's usually the, it's the drafted uh work. It's not going to actually end up being, you know, it's not going to be the full story. I'm going to have to do a lot of editing. So, so I don't have that fear that someone's going to steal it. But I do copyright my work I do in a registering it, just to make sure. And you can, if you really that concerned about it, like if you want to put it out like your work of poetry out eventually you can copyright your work before it's published. So yeah, I would do that. And yeah, go for if you put right. I think poetry is doing pretty well now. For some reason a lot of people are getting back into poetry. Yeah. Yeah. I would if you have a lot of port you're just laying around just make it make it into a book and
we'll even have to
say
it's doing pretty good. There's important work they just do one line of page like one line of page poetry. And for some reason that story so well online. But
I didn't know that about Reddit having that uh port that poetry. It's like a you can post your port
if he back. That's pretty cool. Oh
Yes. Yes. Uh You have to learn how to give like constructed being
bad but it has to be it's got to be constructed for one. But then after that it has to it can't have a bite on the end. Like you just can't be attacking the person. I see a lot of people who give feedback, they'll be like you know one star uh you shouldn't be a writer, don't give up your day job.
Yeah. They're out there, they're out there right? Yeah. I still feel like uh if you if it's a safe space, I know some subreddit are safe. I mean it's okay to put it out there and get the feedback. But that he said sometimes people they will read your stuff and they won't even give you any type of feedback because they're scared they might make it make you feel upset about what you've worked on. But yeah, but I don't know, it's kind of fun writing, even if you don't like eventually post your stuff, it's good to have some stuff out there or, you know, for yourself because it's there. Yeah,
Okay.
All right,
sometimes frustrated, like, right now, like, I have set a goal, I'm like, I'm gonna write 1000 words a day and it's so simple, 1000 words. But there's days where those words don't even come out and it's just frustrating and it's like, I don't want to continue writing and then I just give up. But some days the story, I'm so immersed in it and I'm writing like, oh my God, I'm a panther, So, you know, I just right at the top of my head, so I really
don't
I don't plot or anything like that. So, when the story comes out it surprised me, I'm like oh this is interesting but then like I'm out a roadblock on the story that I'm ready now because I'm kind of stuck on one scene so I'm like okay forget it, I give up, but uh eventually I'll come back to it, so do you have any Children or?
no I don't, I have a niece that's five. Um that is in florida and another niece that uh she's about to be one next month and then A nephew who's three, I don't know how he is but uh and then I have another nephew underway in december but I don't have any Children of my own but I know that my niece when she was four, oh my gosh, one, she became extremely talkative two, it's like where did you get this language from? And then She just came a lot more interesting. I like four.
Uh for that's my nice age so
And
I yeah, when
is he,
when is he? So he's not really going to your like being school until next year sometime? Right. Yeah. Yeah,
hubert with that. Hopefully Covid, hopefully that will die down by the time he goes back to go to school.
that makes sense. Or you go home school them to you know get that foot up
because
okay. Yeah that's true. That's good stay. Some day cares are really good with and some aren't but some are really good with giving them a head start up when you go to school. Yeah. So I don't check the name are here, it should go off, It's 10, we have 10 minutes in 30. Uh
Arizona Arizona Arizona
even with the heat.
Uh, my goal was, I have a lot of weight to lose back in 2000 or still do now, but back in 2000 and 6, 17 and I was in college and I was ready to branch out and go down south. I was like, okay, then I'm ready. I'm, I'm done with this winter. I just want to move there before winter starts. And so 2017 I moved there and the skies were blue, there's mountains. And this guy, there's a in Milwaukee, their diversity is not there. Whereas in Arizona more diverse, you can get, it's like, like in Milwaukee, it's kind of the most segregated city in the United States, you know? And so you don't really get that diversity. So moving to Arizona was different for me and I was able to get the diversity and experience new people. uh new foods, just a new environment. Then I had a herniated disc, my spine went out and I couldn't walk. And so I decided, okay, I need to be closer to family because I'm not getting help here in Arizona family moved to Orlando and the heat was worse. Like it was more humid and it's sticky and like I can't stand the heat in Orlando. It's worth there. Like I lived in Tempe and it was worse than Tempe. I'm like, and and people in Orlando had the audacity asked me like, how old because you stand that heat in Arizona? I'm like, are you serious? It's hot here. Orlando way hot. Um, and congested.
It's a
lot of
people were there.
No, I can't. So Arizona is definitely the best. I don't think I'll ever move back to Wisconsin. Um the goal really is to heal myself here and then move back. Or technically I'm probably gonna move culture to family and my sisters. Um thinking about moving to texas, so I'm not in a movement of texas and I don't like jumping all around. Uh but this is what I've been doing for the last three years is jumping mm. Mhm.
Yeah, I'll figure it out. We'll see. I have a lot like a long healing process and a long weight loss journey to go through before I even decided to leave Minnesota. But I just can't, I just I thought I have to spend another winter anywhere. Are you
prepared for it?
Cleaning off the car. It's like the worst just cleaning the car.
it's not easy the moving, I mean it's not easy, it's the relocating, it's costly for one and then it's uh it's for me mentally. There's a shift in my brain when I move that just cannot accept that I've moved to another location, even though I I prepare myself, my brain is just, it freaks out, like, oh my god, you're somewhere else, what are we going to do? And I'm just like that's just taking our environment calm down.
yeah, that's good phrase I should keep that, don't want to settle.
Yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's good that you found a place that you are comfortable and like living in and meeting people is not easy for me. But uh if you can find people that you can trust that's kind of close to you, like family and it would be kind of hard to leave that.
Yeah, no, I can understand that. Uh or
uh I told myself I'm not gonna write, but I probably should write uh because I'm just stuck on this one scene where I I don't know how to transition from there, so and like my brain tells me one thing, and then then it says, no, you want to transition the story here, and I'm like, I don't know, because originally I went in thinking I'm going to make my character split up, but with the situation going out, and it will be it won't be logical for a reader would be like, why would they split up during that situation? You know, So I'm not really think about who's going to be reading the story. And so that's why I'm like, okay, I have to wait and see what my brain is going to do. As far as transitioning the story out to the next segment. Uh If I'm not doing that, I have to work on a contract with uh physical at their trainer. So I'll be doing that. It's not a lot of stuff that I can do, or I can read being home bone and having broken bones. It's not really much you can do. I had to keep up.
girl.
It
yeah, I have some weight too though. Like some dumbbells, I might just do a little bit of working out. So it is to get my mind off to another place was away from the story. So I can do that. But this is going to be a better story than the one I self published before because self publishing is very difficult. I didn't realize all the stuff you have to go through if you want to self publish on your own. But I mean, if you have, if you have the financial, uh stability or you have a financial, you know, you can you can pay for it, you can get your yourself an editor, you can get yourself a book designer, you can get yourself a to want to uh to design the interior of your book and that is thousands upon thousands of dollars. So instead of spending thousands of dollars, I ended up uh teaching myself through skill share and Youtube learn how to do it myself and that was a lot of hours to figure out like. And there's some stuff that I probably missed um as far as marketing the book, so it can actually, people will be interested in purchasing and stuff like that. So but you know it's a trial and error thing for me, you know,
we'll see
good. Yeah, you have to have time even though it seems like I have time, there is still the business that I that I've been working on with my family and helping them. Um Well I do all the labelling and all the the photo shopping and stuff like that. And they go out and they make the cells. But I've been trying to convince my mom to move her business online, but everything is local. So so it's like, you know, we need to be moving his business online now. It's winter time. You just can't keep everything local people. They buy things online. It's covid they don't want to to approach people anymore. And so but and
Yeah, we're about to hit 25. 25. All right.
So
Yeah. Yeah, it's just a new computer or a different computer, so I'm glad I got to figure it out too. So what actually happens after it is do we just hang up on here or?
Okay. Cool. Thank you for speaking with me these 25 minutes. And
We need you.