hello.
It seems to be the camera isn't turned on.
No, all I see is a like a camera icon with a slash through it. Like your camera isn't on.
Okay. No problem. No. Yeah. Mm.
Same thing. Bill.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Cooper. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Right.
Here we go.
It.
are you? I'm good.
Just working.
Yeah, I was gonna, are you setting a timer? Yeah, awesome.
Then I won't step mind, but I will flip my phone over. And how's it going?
prolific.
I've been doing it since since March since Covid. I was like, oh, you know, things are so uncertain. It wouldn't hurt to have a little little extra income. How about you?
night?
I think so. Like a long time ago I used to do the, I think it's called Swag Box Site and that's got to be really frustrating because it was so little and just, I don't know. Yeah, it's been a much better experience I think. Have you done one of these before where you chat with a partner?
No. Yeah,
I've done several actually. I think you're my fifth. I need to count in my head. So yeah,
I know that's the thing. And the
first time I did it, I thought that they said that they would have like a topic for you, but then wouldn't, neither of us ever got anything.
So we were just like, okay. But I mean now I think I'm just used to like just making chit chat for 25 minutes and in the age of Covid, I feel like there's always something to talk about.
Back. Well, so where are you from? If you don't mind sharing,
you do, We're so close to each other,
I'm in Sioux Falls South Dakota, so close fish. Like I go to the cities all the time.
No, I was born and raised in North Dakota um like the middle of North Dakota, but that was actually just because of my dad's shop, so my family is not from the midwest and they actually have all gone and left and live out in Washington and Oregon, and I'm the only one who's who stuck around, so people are always like, why are you still here? And I'm like, I don't know, he grew on me,
I'm alone,
but I've been in Sioux falls for 15 years since Yes, and so five, so like I've, I know a lot of people and it's really kind of become home. No, where did you move from, to Saint paul?
Great.
What do you do?
What do you write?
Oh very cool. That's awesome.
That
is so cool.
Um So I'm a social media manager for a regional telecom. Um and we actually, our corporate headquarters are in, in a dina there in the cities, but we're like our services are more greater Minnesota and then like North Dakota, South Dakota, little bit in Kansas. Um And then we also have a sports network, kind of like a Fox Sports North, so I have to overseas social for all of that. And then yeah, I do some writing on the side too, but I have not gotten up the courage to try to put it out there or published, so that is so amazing, I'm so impressed.
Yeah, I totally get that. Have you had good results like have you done like e books on amazon or?
You ever like with that website because I do poetry and other things
but like I know I read it there's like there's a subreddit where people post their poems for faith feedback and I like it but I'm also like and this is kind of arrogant but please don't take it that way. But I'm afraid someone will like steal something. You know like I do you have that fear at all?
See
what
happens. Okay.
That's really interesting.
like feedback.
I mean I'm sure they have it for other genres too, but that was just the one that I thought and of course them are like I'm like I'm just not going to comment on this one.
construction.
Yeah. That's awful. And like I know for myself so I do sometimes some writing workshops with friends or because I'm in marketing, like I work with a lot of writers and like my biggest frustrations, I want feedback. Like I don't want people to just be like, this is good because that doesn't help me. But yeah, in like a space with strangers, I'd be a lot more afraid of people just being jerks.
Yes,
Absolutely. It's just like ultimately you should be doing it for the love of it, right? Because
because you can't not so
got
you.
I have one little boy who's for, so it's just me and him. So that, I mean that's the other thing. It's hard to work on the writing and stuff with, you know, imbalance him and work. But how about you?
Yeah. It's fun. But like it's just funny that you said that because just last weekend I texted my mom and was like, he has talked at me all weekend, like not even to me just at me all weekend long and I can't take it anymore. And she was like, that's motherhood
spin
it.
There's
still so sweet.
Yeah.
Yeah. And that's, I mean he's a summer birthday to like he'll turn five in june so I feel like if it's still crazy with Covid because our stay is not doing anything what nothing like our governor is like becoming famous because she's doing nothing and the numbers are really awful. So if it's bad still next summer involved and I may just hold him back for another year and have them start kindergarten when he's just turned six. Uh huh.
Well
and I feel like he learned so much at daycare and then just with me like we're readers. So we read every day and like, you know, we talk about things and we go on nature hikes and so I don't know. I guess I'm not too worried about him being too far behind.
But I'm honestly interested to know of out of all the states are the places that you've lived in. Like what has, what was your favorite
Even with the heat
and your Wisconsin girl, how are you? Are you going with that heat?
It's just
that
like
gripping hot where you're just like Yeah.
I mean, I feel like now is the time to, you know, before you get too settled in one place or like you have kids in school to think about or you know like it just becomes more complicated later on
and
no, especially not with like Covid, I am not prepared, but I've been kind of thinking about going west and being closer to my family too. But yeah, egg would it would be great to get away from the winter here. Like, even though I grew up with it, I'm just sick of it, like I'm just done.
Yeah, we're just like, I love doing stuff outdoors, but I don't love being cold, so I don't really do outdoorsy stuff in the winter, like I'm not a skier, I'm not a I don't know, ice fishing, what else do you do? And you're like ice skate? I don't do any of that stuff. So I would yeah, rather be somewhere where that it's a little more moderate we
with. Yeah, that's I mean that's definitely something I've been thinking about is just like it is a huge effort just finding new housing and oh stresses me out a little bit to think about that. I think it's but your dad do if you want to try something new, I would rather do that than just settle, you know, everyone settle in life. So.
Yeah, I just, I don't know about ST paul for you, but do falls has gotten really comfortable for me, so I could see staying just because like I have made a good group of friends and have settled in and I know the city and like I know the problems in South Dakota but it's like the devil you know, you know?
yeah, for sure, especially with my son, like I have friends now that I would trust to pick him up and you know, come from daycare or you know, so it'll be hard to leave that for sure.
So what do you, what are you up to for the rest of the day?
I bet. Yeah I was
just gonna say like I've heard that sometimes walking and not thinking about the story but just letting your brain like ruminate through it or do what it does can help with like figure out plot like that. But you probably can't do that with here. So
he like great tip. Thanks. Thanks for
interesting.
That's amazing though that you're able to teach yourself that stuff.
now now it's time to hit it ahead of the holidays too.
Well
I'm glad you got things figured out with your webcam.
Yeah so we hang up on here and then you click over to that other, you should still have the other tab open for the where you went through and then you can click the next button. It's gonna ask you a bunch of questions about like your perception of how this went and like our perceptions of each other and yeah and then I think like usually they're like if you want to do another like here's a link to the sign up so
it is
Have a good one. But.