Hello, how are you?
So we're supposed to talk for
25 minutes. Do you want me to set my timer
is not All right. I um I set a timer. You're getting your hair done? You're doing your hair
is it still wet?
I know I have the same problem. I mean probably not. I don't have the same problem, but I have to get um I have to get keratin treatments every three months where they put um I don't really know what keratin is. Some sort of a protein and they put it in my hair and then they blow it out to make it straight because my hair is very very frizzy and very puffy and really crazy.
Do you do it yourself?
Does
it
hurt?
I heard I saw the documentary the documentary is called Good Hair and it's um narrated by chris rock
and he talks about how much money it costs to get your hair done. How the um when you get it done you can hurt your scalp, it can burn like you can burn your scalp. And I didn't know that, I didn't know that. So that was like really educational for me.
heard
it's a really different thing and it costs a lot of money and it's but it's also kind of important because you want to look good.
it's
it's
What do you think, What do you think about just being natural?
You don't
have
the head
shape
for
it,
but your head you have like a perfectly fine shaped head. Your head is nice and round.
I think you're being too hard on yourself and I think you're a beautiful girl. So let me ask you a question um where are you going to school?
I went to, I actually got into a doctoral program in Mississippi and I was there for only like a few months and then hurricane Katrina happened. And I left.
I
couldn't I couldn't.
I was I was in Hattiesburg.
The University of Southern Mississippi. What
about your
work?
That's where
you
are. That's where you go. Yeah, it's a good school.
So you're a sophomore. How did you even hear about this? Um this study?
Do
you do
you are important? Your your opinion matters and it feels good. Right. It feels good to like give your opinion. Um Let me ask you a question. Did you are you doing any other things for extra money at home? Like
do you know of any other opportunities?
So you do that for extra money? You babysit? Yeah, I do. I do studies. I do prolific. Um There's this other one called user interviews. If you want to look that up, it's called user interviews. And some of them don't really seem like they would fit because they need you to be like a professional and I'm not really a professional so I don't really um But you can you have to fill out like a, what is it called? Like an opening. It's like like in other words you have to answer questions to see if you qualify for the
survey, but they'll pay like $60. You know what I mean? Like they'll pay real money, they'll pay real money if you qualify.
So look so just try to remember remember it's called user interviews
interviews.
It's worth I think it's I think it's worth trying. You know what I mean? I think it's like it's worth it. And you can look you know, every few days look up see what the new studies are. Answer questions and I haven't gotten chosen yet. But I'm looking forward to the day when I do. And you know, you make real money at once.
So what year are you your sophomore? How do you like, how do you like school?
And um do you go to parties or you, are you a good girl or a bad girl?
Whatever that whatever that means. I don't even know
what that
means.
You're just
yourself. You're just being yourself.
That's
got to be, that's got to be challenging
because people expect you to behave a certain way or be a certain way and you know, you are who you are and everybody is unique. Everybody is different.
Well, God bless you.
It's good to
be different.
It's good to be different. You don't have to be like everybody else. You don't have
to be
a certain way.
is he?
You like him because he's cool and he's a good person. Speaking of which, what is, what is your name?
Cameron? I'm gina.
Right. It's nice to meet you, Cameron. So where you, are you in your home or are you at the dorm?
Did they?
So what is that, what is that like? What is it like going to school at home?
Why?
Tell
me.
So, is it passed out?
Wow. And what do you, what do you think the difference is? What do you think the differences between going to school in school and going to school online? Which one is more difficult?
What courses did you take this semester
at the same time?
All
Pop one pump 1 and two.
Computer
programs,
So what is your major now? What do you think you'd like to do with it?
I think that that's a
fantastic idea. I think that that's great.
Did mural,
so
how do you, how
do you know,
how do you navigate it? Like how do you know where to look?
Sometimes
you just like search, you go down the rabbit hole and you keep looking
Right. That's interesting. My, my niece, she's like 13 years old and she's on Tiktok all the time and I feel like maybe I'm too old. I might be too old for tick tock.
I heard it's very cool.
Does she?
That's interesting. That's interesting. I mean, I, I um, I'm on Youtube a lot because um, I don't know how have you, how have you been handling the pandemic?
You
cheer?
Did
you
did you get Covid?
So you
have the one,
do you remember, do you remember how you were like, what was it like?
That doesn't sound that bad.
What do you mean
So how how what is it like in Mississippi? Is it are things opened up now?
How old is your grandmother?
So she's she's still she's young. She's not in the high risk group, is she healthy?
Well
that's not good.
You feel you feel really, really guilty if you gave it to her you
got it. You
have
to be careful.
Me too.
Right. But you have you don't feel like you've been upset because of the quarantine?
Like what in what way if you don't mind if you don't mind sharing? I'm just curious.
you are
what
did you
your
mom's
on Earth
you're by yourself a lot. I'll get to tell you I've been feeling a lot of anxiety and I don't I don't really know why, but it's been like constant since the pandemic and I'm doing everything I can to sort of just calm myself down. Like I'm drinking camomile tea and I don't even know if that's um what is it called, A placebo effect. I don't know if it's a placebo. I don't know if it's helping. I don't know if it's not helping, but I'm willing to try it. Um You know, and I hope this is over soon.
So
wait,
wait, wait. So you're so you're saying in september you're gonna go back,
you go back in august.
So you missed. So that means that once thanksgiving happens, you're going to be working at home or the semester's over.
What
do you think
the benefits, what do you think the benefit is of doing it that way?
So
you're saying other other states are not stripped,
You haven't
been to a restaurant since March,
You're saying other people really, they don't even care.
Right. Right. So what are the numbers, like what are the, what are the cases and what is it getting worse in Mississippi now that everything is open
city
because everyone's out in the restaurants,
Wow. Well we have like 13,000 deaths in New Jersey. Do you believe that
it's a big state? It's a big state? Well, the thing is it's a very small state but it's very densely populated, so because of that everyone's on top of each other and the cases are just rampant and it's like I was able to finally go to a restaurant we ate outside and it felt so good, I felt like I was being released from jail, you know
what I mean?
wow. So let me let me ask you a question. Um I think the time is about up how do I how do you do this so that you get paid and that like what do you do? I've got like I've got two tabs open
so I can
just quote.
So
do
I do
I
they've been what?
Say this again.
So do I just so in other words there's a tab there's a tab on the top and it says better up conversation, better up C. O. N. V. Do you see that? Do I just close that or do I keep it open while I go to the online survey tab.
Wait a minute. Don't go anywhere. Don't go anywhere. You're going
to stick
around stick
around. You're still there. Right. What happened when I closed out? Did you see me or you did you not see me?
I was still there. All right, hold on. Just a second. One shouldn't. Oh okay. All right.
So we if you want if you want can log off now and it says you can close the window when you're done with your conversation. All right. So Cameron, it was really nice talking to you. Thank you for sharing with me your life.
I
appreciated learning.
I appreciated like learning about your life. So thank you very much. You have a great day.
They