I mean the first song. Right? I just missed it. The first song that the encore look at the computers for the footage. As long as we're here. If you look for evidence of drugs okay with the drawers. Okay. Got it. Yeah. Okay. So put it this afternoon. A little bit angles. We need to actually get the parents out there is clear. Is that we really? Yes, we ran over that job. There are a little thin, aren't they 19? What are you doing everything? Did you find drugs? No explosion? I'm addicted to. Right, wow. Never mind. I'll take care of this. Okay. Delete, Delete. Delete. Delete empty trash. Yes. Who? Oh, what a weight off me. I wish I could do that in my own life. Just erase things that happened at a restaurant. Junior Prom six. Great. Okay. Great. Let's get either. Wait, wait, wait. It just occurred to me if she's doing anything illegal. All of these changes in the job. I really don't like a cot. Look, I know this is dangerous and I know how we feel about josh innocent. Then they turn into a drug deal. Yeah. God only knows what's sticking in his racked up. What? So he never nothing. Yeah. I mean this woman she actually got a little boy. Okay. So why have you never seen a water? Oh my God. I'm soldiers if you're right now. Yeah. I've been trouble thing in two days and we were bob says we talked like a bonus for your bill for a solid month. We're talking about Paula. I hate her right now. Okay. Festival. Let's see. She's fucking she's fucking she fucking There is. She's handing on the books of trust class. This is insane. She's given on multiple drugs to people have brought down. It's the reason this is important work. We're going to look like you could get a peabody for this. Look, look, she's taking a powder out of the envelope and then she's putting it on the table, She's showing us how to do drugs. Oh she's gonna shoot up the drugs just like in breaking down, breaking bad, How do you live your life? I go outside. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Oh she's getting high off the road, you know? No, no, no, no, no, it's going up her nose. No, no, no, it's going on. Her eyebrows. She got her eyebrows. I said, I think what I hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. She's saying something like, give me a second, I can breathe pretty well. My semester abroad, I took a dip for over, uh, okay, Put this on your eyebrows two times a day for a month and you will see a significant change in your eyebrow growth. You make sure extra order brilliant winning. But yeah, because that means it means that josh is dating this superfly entrepreneur who's probably just using products that that was cleared by the federal food drug consultation. Right? Look, I said I was sorry, not sorry, I heard the last note and it was beautiful. Okay, okay, a messed up and this is all my fault, you know how much the problem is going to me, but I do care, I just, I should have said in the world or something, I got caught up in something I think, oh yeah, and I, you know what it's wrong and I know that now I have been so supportive and I think what you're doing is great, but I feel left out. You're so distracted lately. I know, I know, but look, I will try to do better. That was great out there, Paula nailed up a hank's wife said. I sounded like lou Rawls telling you from shipping about six cds for her care packages for the troops, wow, fair. They're horrible time for john scott. I am so sorry. Okay. This is all. This is 100% my fault. I don't care whose fault of this. I just feel bad right now. Uh uh huh. Ah, well, I guess we should go crazy. No, wait, look at that. Oh, josh. Give her flowers, wow. That's a big flowers. Jae chan. The only time you got me flowers was prompted blue carnations from the gas station. From a bucket. He tried to think of my virginity. This was a rebound relationship. No, no, no, no, no. It it is. He just needs to end the blond out of what? What? Okay. Okay. He's saying. And you are so cool. I get served. Still put a chill every deal. But I think I speak all the time. He gets stuff as well. These people like, I just had to tell you that I've never felt this way about anyone else. Uh huh. Uh huh. Never, ever. Mhm. Like ever. Yeah. Yeah. I told you guys curiosity killed the cat. It didn't kill the cat. It just ripped off the cat's tail, which has now been reattached. But I guess you were right. We shouldn't have gone down the rabbit hole. The only thing down there is regret. They don't read. We'll start well, I'm just glad you guys are for it. He never loved us and he's obviously over us. So done. We should be done to talking a lot. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Too tall. Too airy. Too bold to karate. We'll do way, but we're going to go binge watch something. I've been saving a friend of my wife's for something special. Sorry hon maybe another time. And I really do love all your girl bonding stuff. But right now I really need to get laid way. Are you serious about your jacket? Come on. But don't were you going? Don't leave. Please just stay the fuck this holiday. I need a minute. I need to cool off. Oh Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Hey Sunil, it's me. What do you Oh you're the kid Just Oh, move yourself. That was fine. I'll never mind. It was nothing. Yeah, I will talk to you tomorrow. We used to be every second and I really I tell you that I just I I wait 1st. I mean this is almost entirely what you got. It's just a time of it. This is so but still trying to have to agree. I'm so sorry. But you go. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Now That'll be $300. I'll see you again tomorrow. Bye. Head on down next lunch. Yeah, It's just half of the salami scott. Hey, busy around here. I put slices of cheese in there and some loose bread. Get yourself a night when you're in a sandwich. Making business buddy. Great. Now I have to steal the keys from the teacher's lounge again. You should say thank you to your dad. Mhm. Seriously, honey. I just I couldn't do this without you. It's something and it means a lot to me. You're the best. Yes you are. You know, I was just telling someone the other day how lucky I am to have sex with Tanya. Yeah. I had sex with nancy, arrogant. Oh you're serious. It was an accident. I swear. We went drinking after work with some other people and then I had too much and she was driving home and then we got in her car and she was too drunk to drive so we decided to wait it out and it started raining. It sounds so romantic. It's just like a night that you'll remember forever happened one time. I promise it will never happen again. It was a complete accident. Right? Yeah. I have to get ready for work. Well, let's talk about this. Yeah. Okay. We'll talk about it when we get home home. What? You don't live here anymore? Way? What? Right. Oh, hi. Sorry. I really think that's okay. I'm just making my smoke. Uh Thank you. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Who did this? Who wants an empty ice cream back? What, man? Yeah, that's Mhm. Uh I'm not good at telling them. Back up. It's hard. the water splashes around. And how about yourself at the door while I'm holding a shaky train of water? Besides, somebody else always does. It hits him with me. I am someone else. You know, it's okay. Don't even eldest tray and then right after the freeze for like three hours for the kids that I get from my smoking. I don't I something Panama. No, you're right, you're right. I just need to take a breath. Oh no, I are crying. It's because of me. And I get it. I miss friendship too. So let's stop all this foolishness and just go back to the way things were okay and I'm willing to overlook all of the things on your end that you did wrong. The apology tears in your eyes. You don't have to say it. I'll say you're sorry. Didn't that feel good? And you know what I'm sorry to I'll say if you just shut up, right welcome. It's just such a selfish, whiny entitled brat. Just stop you talk. But I took all the time. You're too busy staring at the Narcissus pond of your bewitching self. Even know, wow, you're mean click okay, correct. It's not about trust. What's wrong? Mhm scott. I knew it. I knew it. I always do it. I didn't say anything for me. He had sex with tom uniform work, but at the time of his gang. God really a piece of work sister. So this is our dynamic now. Great. I'm so sorry, assistance. What? My father always don't mean that if I ever tried to make something of myself and my body and so let me just like the minute that I try to pursue my dreams, my husband accidentally falls into another woman to china. I mean I threw him out so I find myself and and she just got used to do stuff from the house city. The morning rush used to be like an olympic event and now it's just it's going to be like the 100 it's like distorting their Children. That's for third. You can tell each other. It makes you have the weekend. I need this weekend. I was supposed to go on a class trip to sacramento for the Supreme Court. But I mean you know I'm definitely not going now. Like I said I can't go, I can't I can't do this anymore. I just want to go back to work. Uh huh. So what we're going to give me some energy. Oh no, we're back to this. So what do you think? It's like he knew hang out in the city of Gabriel Valley. Is that I call this? The Inland Empire got a mistake. But now that's a sack of south based believe it took about the data to get me to go out there and visit you. Are you sick? I hope not. Big thing coming up. Those are Super Bowl audience fighters doing a party where they have all these advertisers getting a little something special. It's just involved and resolving your truck. I would, but I'm working. It's the team sports awards this weekend. So I'm gonna have a high school with 13 year old celebrity and browse okay Promise you. Oh, if you're coming down something, I probably shouldn't smoke check. Oh no. Where's my volcano? I need a live volcano today. I don't have time for that. You need to ask Brendan to help you? He laughed again. There's no tape to the man that came under the sheets off the ground. Across country. Be back when I run out of the money I took for months first. As soon as you can to school, you know how to do it with this? I volunteer his trip district nine take Tommy to the capital. How are you doing the hunger games? You said your life is going to be like the hunger games. I read the first book last night. Just for this. Okay. And your help. Yeah, sell uh, toys where you go. You go buddy, enjoy. I know that your your heart is in the right place. I just I'm sorry, coming. I'm sorry. Okay. I'll see it because I should I was going on and I was the lower number one. That's horrible grammar. Do not emulate that grammar. Look, you said to me, was that I support you. You're right. Every time we talk really just thinking about myself thinking about the next piece of buying staff and I never think about you so be it. Think about how okay I love you and I'm here to help me do something. I'll be like mr mom okay you're on the first of all keep then you can go on a field trip. Oh no no no no no I can't do that. I mean Tommy needs me and you know so it's Brendan theoretically wherever it is. Yeah. So first of all I'll tell that Brendan this guy. Yeah and second of all you can't not go on a field trip Paula. If I escaped presidential classroom in Washington D. C. I would still be a virgin who knew nothing about the Electoral College. You gotta go you can't miss something like this because someone else this time. Are you sure you know what you're standing up for? Because this is just so much harder than it looks. I mean parenting turns you into me. Uh huh. Uh Huh. You can go on your weird grown up field trips. Oh yeah. You don't understand what you're taking on. Okay. Look, it's going to be weekend and time is not going to be in school, which means he will be with you. Well, we'll try polar. It's okay. We reschedule. What are your plans for this? You'll all be fine. I swear I can do it. Okay. So emergency numbers. All right. Uh, big. All we gotta do is keep you up to 48 hours. Really? That first on the car? Yeah. 50 yes. Oh No, I got to say, I think this whole mom thing is going to be really easily. Do you even have kids? Yeah, but I do have a lot of things that are more important like smart, my seven intuition and this amazing podcast called longtime daily when I started listening to him car and we don't really on today's episode. We're talking allergies, peanuts, very eggs. How do we get kids but still keep them safe heralding demanding from that face back. I'll say that when they're not good at it, give your baby's the only hard part of it is how it is in your hands. You expect your Children. I'm gonna raise unnatural. Fantastical. Damn. I'm sorry. They're so honored to have super mom Rebecca bunch here on our podcast today. You want one of the most incredible lumps I have ever seen even though you don't have any Children and they've always been baby sitting for less than an hour. How do you do it? First of all, I want to say what an honor it is for you to have me on your podcast. You know, instinctively get how to be a mom and that's what sets me apart from other mothers grade. The other mothers are losers. Yes, I'm going to keep that home, get wholesome meal. He's a cake here. Energy. Let's bring it up before you DJ bring it up. Bring it up your Children. You're living. Bring him up to it when it's parenting is the most rewarding experience. If you follow some content guidelines, you are found. Shut up. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, so what's the electoral call? My phone? All my family. Mhm. Mhm. Hello? Hey. Mhm. Okay. What you wanna do? I woke up early to turn on the cartoons, but they slept for three more hours. So you didn't make any plans for us. Know your place. Like you don't have anything to do baseball or soccer or improv. Don't you need to start padding that resume for college? College? Who needs college? When you got this briefcase? Wow! Precocious. Uh You know what? You're so just tell me what you want to do. Anything, anything at all. Mr mom. Which means I'm a death, which means fun stuff. Great. I'd like to start smoking and peter. Oh and I'd like to see more pictures. They don't have to be yourself. Yes. You know that's legal. So why don't we just binge watch a tv show? I'm thinking toward the explorers. You really don't know how old I'm older than eight, younger than me. Hey, tell you what? Why don't we just go get a bunch of popcorn and watch whatever we want? Sounds good. Okay, someone else puts. So that's why I really just sexy like that. Not the whole session now. When does your mom keep your car seat? Mhm. Yeah, wow. Why is your federal side for the thing? My mom calls my dad. Oh, um, First tell me, you know, the dishes aren't okay? Great opportunity. Some wisdom from a lady who understands something called the patriarchy. So solutions are a product by corporation to exploit. Oh, because this is because the last time I saw him, I paid for all this stuff down. Thanks. Yeah, josh in. Who cares? But I feel nothing quick. Emotional skin. Nothing. I'm in remission. Yeah. I mean to say hi, watch. I can say hi, Hi. Hi josh. Hi, how to look up. Uh, have you been? I've seen you since you'll be on your stuff. Um Sorry. This is Paula's son, Tommy. He's my, my ward, my protege, my charge the day and maybe. Sure. Oh, cool. Hey Tommy. Why don't you go get yourself? Candy, my man. This is $100 bill. I'm sorry, kids. Um So, hey, I've been meaning to apologize to about. That's Tommy. Said the the peeing. I have no excuse other than I felt primal that day. But I hope it didn't print out any of the expensive equipment. It's fine. What happens? Listen, josh. I'm glad we ran into each other honestly, because I hope that after everything that has happened, but we can still be friends. Yeah, me too. I thought you would still be mad because of the weather broke up. No, I made mistakes. He made mistakes. He makes some other more mistakes or human. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. You have a new lady in your life? Is your name? Hannah, Hannah, Hannah? All right. And I saw you posted about it online. And not all the posts. A normal amount of posts, let's say 33 posts. Anyway. She's who? She's breathtaking. Gosh. So yeah, sir. Thank you. Yeah, wow. I mean, I'm relieved we could just be normal about this. Why would I do? Yeah. Right. Exactly. Well, yeah, Thank you for me to see him. Good. Yeah. Uh Hey here I'm actually a little sick. That's these tissues are for But a little case of the sniffles. Oh, come on. Don't care for. I'm sure they were born pathogens, right? You know Tommy? You are one lucky little dude. Rebecca as a babysitter. She's not bad. Oh, she's more than not bad. She's Rebecca bunch. She's the greatest. Greatest. That's so nice of you. But this is not nice being overblown. Yes. Just a quarter chicken soup. And sorry to be clear. You do not have matzo balls, correct? No, it's ok. I've just never heard of chicken soup without them, but okay. Yes. So send to josh chan at Aloha Tech. Alright, now for the note, grab a pen. Hey, tell me, what do you think I should say? I wanted to convey, I still really care about you, but on a night anyway, just in a friend way because I'm not drink. Okay. Hi. Yes. Ready for the note. Great. Mm Dear josh chan. Actually, you know what decision? Just josh. I don't write, just josh. Just yeah. Okay. Just josh. Don't write the word just okay. Never meant. Let's start over. You ready? Yeah. Dear josh, enclosed in this humble plastic container defined an invitation to a healing slumber to sleep. Okay. Just to drink. Always in friendship Rebecca and bunch Okay. Uh yeah. Uh huh. Okay, take up but always great note. Dave do that also changed at the end to formal. I agree. Okay. Yes. Just like, you know, I would have done that for anything front not doing it because it's josh. Really sink though. Do you think I was taking care of him? Because here's this guy green at the gills, getting his own tissues while she's busy with eyebrows. Clearly there's an I in eyebrows. What I'm saying? If it away in some me up. Tell me boy. Oh my God, can you just stop talking? I'm trying to look at boobs. Uh huh thomas. No idea what your real name is. Proctor is this adult themed publication. You gave me five months allowance and no government. Okay. So Tommy, you're not in trouble. But I think it's important that, you know, pornography does not accurately reflect adult sexual behavior. Do I always make these big speeches? Yes, I do. So let's put it this way pornography is to sex as superheroes. People are so desperate to get what I'm saying. Yeah. You're saying that celebrate is going to be awesome. Hey delivery for you. Chicken and silk. So nice of you. Thank you. Uh, not for me. There's something in the bottom until when you know. No, thank you. Now it's crazy longer but noted that delivery must be a shopping list or something. Does she have an anonymous superferry? No, I know who it is. A girlfriend. Anna. She is the best. That's exactly what I love about her. Who else would take the time out of their day to take care of me? I got to get himself a super tagger. Can you take it? I mean I can't, but then it's not something the picture with myself. So it's a selfie. I'm not cheated. We're going to grow chicken too. So you're on Instagram, but I think you have to be at least 13. Oh, I hope your account is private. What my family and friends, men like birdwatching, identify drones and build basements. Okay, time. Let some, Let's have a talk. It's another little lecture. So you need to understand how preteen boys are viewed by some men with, let's take personal issues that it's not just men. Female exam teachers can also be a problem, but you have to be vigilant over that. What's wrong josh posted a selfie himself. That's not a selfie. Someone else shot that photo from elsewhere. No. Uh, sorry. He said thank you at anna. The brown berry in the best girlfriend ever from my school. He thinks. And I gave him the suit. I can't have it. I've got to find him and tell him, I mean, I mean anna take credit for my nurturing. It's big still. I got to find it. Let's see. Okay. Okay. His instagram says right now. He's inspired downtown, confusing punctuation. You know what? I have an idea. You go to the club, leave me with some more of those hon does and also ordered myself some sushi. So my neck is no no no no no you didn't. Okay not falling for that. Okay. I made a promise to your wrong but I would take care of you and I take that responsibility very seriously. So I'm not leaving them alone. Oh come on let's go. Okay. I think I need to go clubbing. What to get famous. Um What is it as for whiskey on the rocks? All they have are branded cocktails. You're so two pizza teams. What is that? It's the most popular alcoholic beverage in Korea. It won't. That is not property. Well whatever. Why not? Hey What's the big surprise? Yeah bro. Well let's just say 10. I could change everything for me. Real career. Yeah, what's he talking about? I have no idea actually. Yeah, I love it. Home to my mom. Okay, Alright, so your name is Manuel, you're 27 better on it. I don't care about this job anyway. I want to be a stunt man. Sorry about that. Did you excuse me? Don't you? Soju. Okay, I'll bitch. All right. Tommy this what's going to happen? We're going to go and find josh tells about stupidly. Oh besides your magazine, correct? Fighters. No, actually Mr Spider has been in the business with his brother. Dr Spider. So it's actually Spider says is actually that's a common misconception about how nice try okay, stuff can you do? Oh what are you doing here? I got an early, he said you were doing something special. So I am God so much that you're here. Oh, okay. All right. Rebecca and child belong in a place like this. It's fine. We're just running an errand. I'm looking for protection. Yeah. Let's girlfriend. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Stupid. So stupid. Okay, listen, she can't know that I'm here. Why not? Okay. I accidentally almost killed her cat and she thinks my name is matched by limits over like, so you like him? I didn't lie, assess the context and the rule of speaking. Okay. Mhm. Donnie Tommy? Can you hear me? Hi, can you see that diet? Sorry. So I'm not a doctor, so I cannot diagnose your situation. But thank you for all of your details. As I hear, ehstuhs. But that's supposed to be something. Maybe stop. Do shame. That's probably the process of what's going on down there. Whatever. I'll just take another three dish that suit. Okay? Stop it. You shouldn't drive. Okay. Okay. Okay, grab because I said, well, okay, calm down. What's happening? Why are you bringing those ironic from speakers? They're not ironic and I really need your help right now. Yeah, I lost all the sun in this club. Okay, Just take a deep breath. We will find him. This place is not that big, it's just dark and creepy. Adult crap. Let's okay, let's call me. But but he did put some instagram. Thank God. Doesn't know he has an account, bathroom, bathroom, bathroom. Huh? Die. Die. Die. She was here two minutes ago. Well, great, great paul and I are done. Yeah, because I was making it up to her then. I'll ruin it so she'll never forget me totally. I think you meant to say you're upsetting kid is let's say oh my oh come here, come here, come here, you guys Tommy! You should be the lady. Exactly. They're practically begging for us. Okay, cool. Oh yeah, no, no, no. This is not What how many times was they sent him back to the josh chan had sex with another morning? Okay. Oh yeah, I totally get it girl. Good for you. Our love is not your back in the suburbs. For starters, the parking lot is huge. You know, beatbox. It's not bad. Maybe he's a now this is going to be a big career brought to you by premium destination. That's right, europe are sex tonight? Were counted from local businesses? Oh, uh history. Uh huh. What models are going to be hilarious. I mean this is going to be the stupidest thing I've ever seen. Oh my God, look at that guy. He's so shiny. Where's josh, wow, that's good. A adult aunt routine, terrible Derek Canyon hangers. Uh, I'm talking over this room right now. Okay. Okay. That's over. That's gonna happen. Okay. He's coming here it comes. This is good. We can get a better look at my boy, looking fresh look to get, yeah. Uh, so just, you know, I saw in the club, I looked everywhere. I want to, all I have to do is keep in mind a few hours instead of no established. Wow. I will be waiting for me to disagree with you. That's how it happened there. You are. So has phillipe is sleeping with a model? Oh yeah. I'm not feeling very well. I think I'm coming down with that cold. Don't worry. It's just a couple of days of post nasal drip on a light color. I think I'm going to need from time to recover. Great. Okay. You go home and later and bring you some cough drops. Maybe we could take a hot bath together. Um, You know what? Here's the thing. I really wasn't to you. I know. Remember the bathroom you miss sexy, but now my feelings changed Since 30 minutes ago. I'm sorry. It's a thing that happens Sometimes. You really like someone and then switch gets flipped and then something you kind of feel like you want. So sorry. When did this happen? It might be when the sleeves zipped off. I'm not sure. Okan. I feel really bad. What do you say? I'm saying? We're over over, but we're a couple. If you just let me chicken soup. A big tub of chicken soup, you sent me what? No, that wasn't. That wasn't me. I didn't do that well. Um, you take care of josh. It's been fun. How did I get here? Wait, she didn't see me that suit. So someone else I don't know how will I find that we should be hits too. Yeah, I'm so wrong about Hannah, I got a nice person. She's not, she's poopers, wow, josh. Watch your mouth. Okay but embarrassed. Come on. That's your fault with my modeling. You know modeling, you know? Very good. Super. Is the thing that made me feel like she was right now. That's what I want in a person. Somebody was more ownership. Okay, pattern. I thought I wouldn't remember one supporter but apparently the person who called it in a fighting depression, Shakespeare and stuff, you know, Shakespeare Rebecca that makes perfect sense. It's her, she knew I'm sick and she called me for now I was contagious. Oh my God, it's amazing. Well uh the other issue back, of course, it's always a vacation with every turn. Everything points back to you. Thank you, wow. Oh, I never really that I could have been so wrong. Just like God, just stupid looking back on all the last times a little more time. Uh she was like that. I was still trying to see. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what they can do something now do or say like you're sweating. Okay. I gotta thank God. Wait, I gotta go get her. I gotta get her like, right this sick, I'm coming for you. Brandon. Wait, I don't have my keys, right? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. So people on monster looks like, huh? Okay. Uh huh. Your, Hey, I thought you were supposed to be back until tomorrow. Well I wasn't, but wow. Really fond of Yeah. For all that volcano stuff. Mhm Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. And I told my mom felt that boy that destroyed our volcano right or not? We made yes. Right. And and then he sat on it and it just exploded. Right at this point. Okay. The kid is fine. The lava was just the approval basic sort of a film. But I was just at that child's house talking to his parents very friendly and so is there any further bullying would result in legal action? A TP his house. That is exactly what I would have done. The truth. Truth. It's all about context break. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, so why did you come from with everything? Okay. It's just so bad people right now that is tall and I just started feeling kind of okay, well I'm here. So it's it's sad together. Sure, true friends. You have been so great. I am so sorry that I have retarded too. I trust you more than anyone in the world. Remember that trump good. Yeah. Happy. Thank you, josh. What you're doing here? I had confidence in you. It's you, you whore myself very. How did you find out the truth now? That's two shows, ignore the one who really cares about me. Yeah. Only how sad. Forget when you're sticking. Mm. Okay. Okay. I'm going to be good for 2nd. Uh huh. I'm an idiot. I realized how and all this time and speak with you. Uh huh. You want to spend their what your girlfriend over? She's a cruel person. Oh my God, hey you wanna go somewhere and talk. Just we can get around to see where if you go from here. I can just say, hey, I'm sorry to interrupt but I wasn't listening. I just, I just want to say you can go. I am fine. I promise. It's a big moment. So gosh, it's amazing. And you need to go, Yeah, What, What? I have to hear. My family time. Amanda and I have other priorities. Okay. Okay. Okay. I guess I'll go well, but I'm going to give up with Rebecca and I'm not gonna give up on us, but I'm going to get my car out of that parking lot closest I'm all round, which just happened or I have some truth. None of what Tanya I said earlier happened was all the way. Okay. What actually happened tonight was I went to spiders to josh to tell him that I'm the one who gave her super. And I got to be a big idea that I lost to the club. I mean, I really lost him. How I instead. So I got a shot at risk, our family at risk and I completely understand if you don't want to be friends with me anymore. I don't know this every day. You gave it to me and I look at it a lot, especially in the us has worked so good between us but I don't deserve the statutory. Did that even happen to have a clip? Did anyone interfere with him in the bathroom? Did he do any drugs? No. So he just ran with a club and took it over home? Okay. I I lost him for an entire weekend at the mall. Once he was living in the Barnes and noble happiness. I have been a really faced with my kids. I mean he's fine. Clearly. Bye. This is okay. Are you sure Rebecca you were here for me and right now you get sailed right out the door of the josh when you didn't take decades decided to stay and on up to your mistakes. Right? That is my brave little. Okay. I love you. I need to. Okay. Yeah. You can't afford the local yeah. Just to clarify, you have never given her. Oh, no, no, no. Without a good idea. Mental illness runs granted or both sides of my family. That is amazing. All right. Let's take a quick break to hear a word from our podcast sponsor truly butter when you're trying to make things right with your best friend Paula, you've been kind of a bitch to lately. We'll take a break in the butter together. Well, that is weirdly specific to my own life is short pitch length. Mr gentle. Here we go, using. I have really enjoyed having a life. I totally understand, but you really have to figure out what you're thinking. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hello?
Great. How are you?
25 minutes.
Oh, I think there's one at the bottom. Maybe. No, actually there's not
um Yeah just washed it and it's a really long process. So I was just trying to, you know.
Yeah. No, I gotta drive but it gets really puffy, you know, frizzy and whatnot.
Uh huh. I mean my hair is like that too, but you know, I put all those chemicals in my hair to make it straight to try to make it more manageable.
Um Sometimes yeah, other times my mom does it, but then if neither of us are able to I'll just go to like a friend of mine that does hair and she
would do
it.
Um Sometimes I mean you can't um it's like if you like scratch your scalp or something before you do it, it'll um like the chemicals and the open wound, it will create like a scab on your scalp. It's real.
Eat
Oh yeah. Being um black and happen to do your hair, it's awful. I
was like,
Uh huh. Like my roommate um at school, she um I've been wanting to get a black roommate so we could like, you know, help each other out with our hair. What? It hasn't, it hasn't really happened yet. So I'm going into my second year of college and my roommate is white and I mean last year she'd always come to my room and we get ready together and she she had always questioned me about my hair, like why do you have to do that? What's going on? And I'm like, well, you know, I can't just wake up and throw my hair up, like y'all do, it's a process,
I have to do
all this. I mean it's I mean it's awful, but I mean, you know, but it's also you can't go without it.
Um It's good. I'd like to go natural maybe, but I also don't feel like I have the head shape for it.
Like
I feel
like I
feel
like
I wouldn't, I feel like I wouldn't look good if I just went natural.
That's what people say. But I don't, I don't see it. I just feel like I'll just look weird.
Yeah. Um in Mississippi, that's where I'm from.
Oh, so that
was
back.
Oh, were you at um Southern Miss what?
that's
wrap
before
I
go.
I love it. I've been in love with Southern minutes since I was in middle school. Mhm.
Um I actually, you know how kids are always on Tiktok these days and there's a profile that I follow and he was like, here's how to make money, um, here's how to make money while you're just sitting at home. And I was like, well, I'd like to do that. And so he was like, he was like, make an account on prolific and all you do is you do studies and they'll reward you. And I was like, cool. So I've been doing it for a while now, Maybe 2, 3 months. And it's, I mean, I love doing these surveys and whatnot
makes
me feel like I'm important.
or
not necessarily. I do babysit from time to time because my, um, my cousins often have their grandkids over and you know, I don't want to keep, you know, older people with such young kids, they can't, they can't keep up really, since I'm basically in my prime, I'm like, I can run around with them, no problem.
It
I probably need to get into that.
Okay. You, where's my phone? Oh yeah, user and
okay. It's in my search for for later.
You have. Uh Yeah.
Um It's, I mean, I love college. My mom says she's so jealous that she didn't get to experience it because um she had me in high school, she didn't, she couldn't really get the full experience of be living on campus and everything, but I, I love it the whole feel of just having a bunch of people going through the same thing you're doing. I mean you're going through Like if I'm stressed about a test, there's like 50 other people that stressed about the same test, so we're all helping each other out.
Um I don't really party. Um I just I just stay with my friends. I did go to one party. It was my first semester and the first big party of the year. I was like, you know what it's college why not? So I I'm walking in and I've seen some some people that are in the class with me and I'm like hi. And then I just, I don't feel comfortable anymore. I don't know the whole atmosphere of parties just aren't for me because I have a bunch of people saying I'm not the typical black girl and that I act white. And I'm
I
don't
know what it means either. I'm just like ok.
But
yeah. And so I'm just like I okay I just shrugged and walked off. And
then
it
yeah. And I and that's that wasn't the first time I've gotten that I got it all through high school. It's just cause I'm just different, I guess. Mm
Look,
thank
you.
I
mean,
he also said I have, my boyfriend is white and
I think that's, that's partial part of where they get it from. Yeah, I mean he's a, he's a cool dude. That's why I like him. I don't like him because he's white.
Cameron.
Hello Gina. I mean, we've been talking for a while, but Hello?
I'm at home. They cancelled school in March because of Covid.
So I've been home ever since.
Um, online classes were really bad. I
mean, it's
just
the way they started doing the grading scale. It's like nobody was gonna make an A, They did it to where if you had like a 92 and 80 average, it was just like you gotta complete, like you didn't get an actual grade
around basically.
Um definitely being online because when I'm in class, you know, we have our lecture, we have our tests. I mean, that's basically it. But being online, it's like they're trying to fill up the entire day that we have with stuff. There is stuff that we had never even done in class. All we did was lectured and test with the occasional worksheet every now and then, but I mean it was just busy work. It seemed like we did, they're just trying to make us do as much work as they possibly could. Oh,
um comp comp one and two.
They are. Well, no, I'm I'm doing like my whole year, like the first
semester to compromise. Second semester to come to. I'm just merging them together.
Biology wanted to um what's that class? I did college study skills because I needed to feel some hours and I really sucked that studying. It really helped me out. Um Study skills. I took Oh World series of, I took World Civ one in high school and so I had to take worship to when I got um when I got here I took um it was some computer class. I don't remember the name of it, but they it was it wasn't computer programming,
but it was
it was something like that. Yeah, I was really and I was really interested in doing it, but then I took it and I was like, I don't think this is for me. And so then I changed my major Biology.
major in biology and go to physician's assistant school.
All
And I got the idea of a tick tock, Everything
is our Tiktok. It's like, it's like just another social media platform, but it's there's a lot of informative things on there. Like there's a lot of doctors and O B G Y N S and other just professionals that make accounts and they're just spreading information
and
therefore
it
just, it just falls into your lap. Sometimes
there's,
um, there's two different sides of it. There's one for the people that you actually follow. And then there's another site called just a four you page. And I guess it, um, the algorithm with the post that you like and the, um, the accounts that you follow based on that, it will, um, suggest other videos that you might like. And so since I do follow a few doctors and what not, I get like a lot of medical videos pop up. And that's how that one video for physicians assistant came up what
my,
My cousin, she's about 50 for. And she just got Tiktok and she loves it.
It's just like a lot of like relatable videos that pop up on hers. Nothing really informative because she just started using it. So they just want to, since they just wanted for the new users. It's just a bunch of Funny videos that they pull at 1st. But the more you start actually navigating the algorithm kicks in and starts actually giving you videos that you would actually be interested in.
Um I actually, I um Mhm. I cheer at Southern
and
so um there is one basketball game that we were all going um we were all cheering at and all of us were sick. Like really sick. My
roommate
was
um like a couple of weeks ago I got like tested for anybody's and they said that I had and I never really get sick. But that's the only time I've gotten sick was in february at the basketball game. That was the only time I've been sick.
So
I have the antibodies. So I've I've had it and I'm most likely won't get it again since you know, I have the antibodies fighting.
Mhm. Um I had to skip about three days of class.
It didn't it didn't hit me hard. But I mean my boy I got my boyfriend said because you know we're always around each other and he just had a little sore throat, took something for it and he was fine. I was out for a few days but it's nothing like I've heard on people are experiencing now
um like on twitter people, people who have had it, they'll go and report their experience. And some people are saying that like they couldn't even get out of bed and if they had to like use the bathroom, they had to literally crawl, it was awful.
Yeah, because there's a bunch of republicans down here and they don't believe that it's real. Oh, so then as soon as the cases started going up in the state, they were like, oh, well maybe we should wear a mask or something. I mean there people are wearing masks and even though I've had it and I know I probably won't get it again, I'm, you know, worried about having something, like touching something and then touching like my grandmother and her getting it. So I'm like mass sanitizer hand washing always.
she's 59. Uh huh.
Oh yeah, definitely. But she has um she has rheumatoid arthritis
and
Yeah, and the medicine she takes four weakens her immune system because everything that's like fighting everything else goes to fighting her arthritis, it's like she gets sick then she just gets sick, you know?
So
I'm
glad
she was supposed to come to that basketball game that I was really sick and I'm I'm really glad that she didn't I
don't remember what happened, but something happened and she called me and said she wouldn't be able to make it and I was like, that's fine. I don't feel that well anyway. But I mean the whole team was sick. I think our our coach, she went to Mexico, not Mexico. She would too Puerto rico. She went somewhere, I don't know, I think it was Puerto rico, she went to Puerto rico and she was stuck in the airport and um and she came back and she was like, guys I think I have to flu I don't I don't think I'll be able to come to the game. And um we were like, okay, but this was after she came back and felt fine, she's like, I think I have to flu my roommates. She um she went to the doctor, they thought she had a sinus infection. Um My other teammates, she went to the doctor, they said that she had bronchitis or something. I never went to the doctor, well I went to the doctor, but it wasn't like a real doctor because it was in Hattiesburg and I don't really know Hattiesburg that well. So I just searched up a doctor and it turned out I went to a nurse practitioner and all she could really do is treat like my symptoms. And so I I was taking stuff for my cough and my fever and that, that was really it, I felt fine after a couple of days.
Oh, definitely. Mental health has very much been on the down.
I am, I'm a people person so I get most of all my energy and happiness from being around people. I don't do very well being by myself. So whenever um whenever it hit and everyone was like stay in your houses, I was like okay, cool, I would do that. But I mean I'm not happy about it. I did whenever we had like that's a really big stay at home order. I am like they were, they were like um they were saying that their officers like monitoring the highways and they were only allowing like medical professionals or essential workers to actually be out in the, in the, you know in the world and whatnot. Mhm And um you know, I would always face time my friends and it makes me really sad that I couldn't be with them because it's just been awful and I hate being by myself and I'm an only child too, so it's not like I have a
it's not like I have a sibling here to talk to or anything and
my mom's
a nurse, so
she
was
just always at the hospital. Yeah.
Um I do I was to the point where I was thinking we wouldn't go back to school and that was that was really like hitting me hard that I wouldn't be able to see my friends like almost ever again because you know, being out of big university, there's people from different states there and I made friends with someone from like Idaho and I have no idea what they were doing in Mississippi but I love this but I was like I might not ever get to see her again. Yeah, but they announced all public universities in Mississippi are going back but we're just um they're taking away fall break and we're getting out um and taking finals before thanksgiving and then that's it,
thank
you.
and uh we go back in august
uh huh. And we normally have fall break somewhere between august and october and it's it's just it's just two days. I don't know what the purpose of fall break really is but they're taking that away and we're getting out before thanksgiving.
This semester is over. Um they're trying to um because
everyone
goes
um everyone travels for thanksgiving so they're trying to um diminish or I think that's the word, I'm looking forward diminish that the amount of travel and then coming back because they don't have as strict stay at home um Regulations
because
yeah I mean Mississippi is not very strict at all. I mean I see people restaurants are packed. I haven't been to a restaurant since March,
I've
been getting to go orders ordering out. Um I've even had the people inside bring the food to my car like it'll be me and my mom and we'll just eat in the car and act like we're inside just to you know, not house.
republicans mostly old old, older white people that love trump, they're all in the red cross.
Um Yeah cases are constantly hard. Covid cases in Mississippi. I
haven't actually checked the numbers in a while but um Oh yeah, they're spiking.
27,000 cases confirmed and 1,073 deaths.
Mhm. New Jersey is a big city, I mean it's a big city state, you know?
No.
Yeah, recently um we've been able to go back to doing to practice and cheer and it just feels so nice to just go back to campus and see everything and see all my friends and see my coach. That made me so sick. I told her that um that what we had was actually Covid and she couldn't believe it. She was like, I told you that you had it and I'm like yeah, we all got it from you. Well,
so you you close this tab and then go back to the other one and press continue or it's
something
I did I did it the other day because um the person I was supposed to be with didn't show up. So um you press continue and they'd ask you how the call was and what um like if you had any issues and then you just continue on
and
they
they've
been recording at them. What are you saying?
They've been
like monitor, they've been monitoring and recording this the entire time. So um they don't, they'll like see themselves that we were talking for 25 minutes.
What? Um I believe you close it.
I'm
not,
no.
You were still there.
Oh
oh it's no problem. It
was
to you.
youtube
by