So what are we, what are we supposed to talk about?
You say? Wendy,
lindy.
Okay. I'm kevin.
It's me. But where are you from?
Where are you from? Hey, I am too, yeah.
central. Okay. I'm, I'm in curia. Yeah.
My brother actually lives in Champagne, so. Yeah.
Yeah. He goes there. I'm accurate Bradley. I don't know if you're familiar
Of course. What, what, what the green. Okay. Okay.
So what are you doing now?
what's his name?
I'm in engineering. Industrial Engineering.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm having a
lot of fun.
Um, I didn't really know what I, I was getting into. I was kind of undecided coming in but certainly starting to enjoy it. Yeah.
Okay.
No,
not
really. It's, it's one of the easier is your kind of engineering. I suppose
my,
yeah, one of my brothers were in electrical also. And the other ones in aerospace engineering, which are both pretty, pretty tough, comparatively.
I was my is my first year freshman year.
Well actually in in high school they have all these all these options now so you can like advance placement
and stuff through the community,
local
community college. So it's it's pretty nice. Yeah.
Yeah, I can hear.
So you grew up in in Champagne too.
Okay. Yeah I went there a few times and it does not it seems
like
a pretty nice place to place to be.
um I actually grew up in morton. I don't know if you're familiar, it's pretty
close
to Syria but yeah it's a it's a different experience because
it's like 15,015,000 people. But then coming to Peoria it's like there's actually stuff to do here which is interesting.
Pretty much everything. Um I mean I'm in band
I actually played for the basketball team. Well
basketball band. That's a that's a lot
of fun. We we were supposed to go to the N. C. Double A. Tournament this year. Um
Probably ST louis or something. Um But then everything got canceled
But that's but you can at least still run. Right
come on
man.
Like I played I play a lot of frisbee golf. I don't know if
you're familiar with that.
Yeah I play it pretty like competitively and no more tournaments or anything. It's it's it's not quite the same just by yourself I guess.
Something.
uh A little bit yeah this like I've done a lot of trying out a bunch of different sites like this is This is the most consistent one I found. Um And
like,
Yeah
finally
that's right then
Yeah I've tried quite a few sites. I I started with a few of those like swag books and that sort of thing but I found the amount of time you have to put in versus how much you're getting
out of them wasn't really worth it for me.
Yeah because it's it's like university research, they're not they're not trying to scam you or anything.
What kind of research did you do when you were in sight?
some interesting ones. One of my favorite ones was it was a Yale study um They had you record a video of yourself and then they said they're recording like your voice and everything and then they give you a score ranking your masculinity against everyone else.
The whole thing was made
up but
But but it really like they never tell you the truth upfront about what
you're
doing
but
What
what sort of work did you do there?
What
no.
So did you ever um work
after school or did you just go straight to?
No
no did you enjoy that?
well hopefully I had
and I got an internship for the summer about a couple weeks before everything started shutting down and I was like oh this is great, I got a I got a whole job for the summer full time, everything I worked for a week and then
by
their like yeah but apparently they're supposed to have me back in the next couple of weeks.
I was mostly in data analytics um spreadsheets sort of stuff,
which sounds incredibly boring to most people, but it was actually really really fun for me.
Yeah, but my my favorite part about it was I was kind of on my own, it's like a smaller company, something like 25, 30 people there
about.
So it's basically just me working with somebody else and I got to just do
my work
on my own and I would kind of just come up with my own projects, I'd be like, hey you want me to do this? And he's like sure, so and that.
me too.
I've
been I've
been trying to break into the game a little bit. I've been looking into some like product testing sites that pay like 100 bucks for an hour session or something, which sounds
a lot better than a quarter for a while.
But yeah this is my 1st 1st actual talking to somebody one. Uh huh.
Have you
done me?
Yeah well I I definitely agree like
interviews
and stuff I guess this is good practice because yeah I don't go out
and really talk to people that much so.
So so how different as like uh quarantine Ben for you then?
Yeah.
Yeah.
like
like we
we went online for all our classes which is quite a bit different.
There's
a lot less work, I'll
do that.
But but but now it's kind of just um they throw a test every
couple of weeks and then nothing else you really have to do which is
it's
fine but I'm not really learning anything. Mhm.
but they're
they're
talking um Like I'm at 18 credit hours,
but really
not that many classes. Mhm.
But they're um they're talking about other schools are talking about putting it online for fall of next next semester, which is kind of scary to think of that.
I've always been of the opinion that um I don't really like so many people are saying so many different things. You don't know
what's true. So I I just don't really make an opinion anymore.
it seems like some people are just don't want to be bored
anymore. So they're saying to open things up, but then other people are have science saying we should do that, so I really don't know.
Uh huh.
Yeah, the whole situation almost sounds like a some sort of science fiction movie. There's a giant pandemic around the world. Everyone has to stay inside, but it's really
not been that bad, I haven't thought.
hmm.
Mhm.
supposedly my brother had it, but we never tested or anything,
but, but
all
the,
all the symptoms and everything regions
you go
ahead.
Family.
Yeah. I, I bet you
like 20 years down the road, all people are going to figure more and more things out. We're going to be like, oh, okay, that's what actually happened.
But it's, it's been interesting because it's something
everybody,
you're frozen
there.
It is.
Well, given that I saw a news article saying they're testing it, usually when you see a news article that says something like that, you don't see anything for four years. Mhm.
Yeah. And is this like the most, the most modern, like pandemic of this scale we've
had?
I guess I wouldn't really know, I'm not that old, Don't live through very much yet,
19. Yeah.
that's that's still not very old.
and and it's interesting how aging feels because it's like the classic when you're an elementary school a day
seems like it takes forever, but now oh month went by? Really?
And how everyone's projecting their old their wisdom and everything and you're
looking inside and you're like I don't I don't feel old. Yeah. Yeah.
Um that
are So it's 25 minutes,
there's a little timer thing on the This other screen says 53,
Mine says 53 mm. Yeah,
well it's just since the
amount of time since you opened up this uh conversation window and I think that was a little before
three, so I think that that's 25.
luck with your home schooling,