you're kidding me. Right. Right. Yes it is just mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm that's what he's doing. Mhm. Children you don't have to use. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay okay. Everyone thinks oh well I don't feel I'm back, you can have this thank you. So Right. Uh huh wow. Let me turn me up here.
I don't think they gave us anything to specifically talk about. So I'm lindy nice to meet you.
lindy with
an L yeah,
nice to meet you.
I'm sorry
part? I'm a
wow. Very close. Very good.
Really going to the movie or? Yeah. Nice engineering or? Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah I actually went to you by myself so.
Yeah
I am a stay at home mom. I have a six year old son. Yeah.
leo yeah. What are you studying?
Oh very cool. My husband actually studied engineering. Electrical. Yeah.
Yeah.
Very cool. Do you like it?
Thank
you.
Nice.
My husband ended up doing most of it but dropped out to join the military but it was pretty intense at the oh my like and he's a pretty smart guy and it was yeah so is it pretty intense there as well or or
pretty easy for you?
Well
That's
good.
Yeah. Yeah. What year are you in?
doing a lot of genocides and that kind of thing then I assume.
Come on. Nice
lot of
that.
Absolutely I did I did a few of those myself um to get help. We lost you. I don't know if you can hear me or not.
I lost visual sure what's going on. Okay anyway um I can't see you but um yeah I did some of the advanced placement myself and didn't have to do some of the, you know, really simple psychology classes because of that, so it's pretty awesome that way. Yeah.
Oh, pretty much. Um I'm originally from Quincy, which is like by the Mississippi River, I don't know if you've curved about it, but um most of my life I've lived either in Havana or Champagne.
Come
on.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean I feel like we probably wouldn't have as much stuff if the university wasn't here, but we have a decent amount of things to do and concerts and shopping malls there you are, you're back um Just because of the university. Mhm.
Thanks
up.
Is a small town or
All right. All right, I can see that with being a small town and everything, you know, I do a bigger town. Yeah. So what do you like to do for fun outside of school?
Hello?
mommy,
nothing.
cool.
Yes, I totally get where you're coming from. I actually do 5Ks in my screen, my spare time with my mom and some family members and we've had a lot of them get closed. You know, obviously we can't be doing them with the covid stuff going on, but
right, well, yeah, it's just, it's like I enjoy running by myself, but I feel like the camaraderie together
kind
of, you know, it motivates me more to, you know, want to do better with my times and all that. Yeah.
Often
um I've heard it, but I don't I don't really know much about it enough.
Yeah. I actually used to play basketball when I was younger. I would do some of the I don't know if you ever heard a guest smacker?
Like a really it's in Quincy. They used to have where you basically it's um you play against it's a tournament you play against each other and we didn't win a single but you know it was fun anyway but that was when I was gosh I was a teenager I think then. But yeah so but it was fun. I enjoyed basketball a lot. I haven't played it in years though. Yeah. All right. So do you do a lot of uh online earning things?
What are
you talking about prolific or? Yeah.
Yeah I actually
just found them. I didn't know about him until I was found Reddit. Um So I was like okay they have a beer money. Read it. Yeah
yeah I found it on so um I also do like swag bucks and lot of other stuff just it's fair time.
open.
Yeah I feel like swag bucks, the surveys can be good but sometimes you do one for like 20 minutes and then it kicks you right away and it's like come on man, that's why when I found prolific I was like that's pretty cool because they don't kick you ever you know and and they actually pay you for your come and see you for your time.
Right. And it's it gets kind of old when you're like how do you feel about this product description? How do you feel about this and like I don't really care anymore you know I just I just want my 50 cents and I'll move on you know? But it's not part of the you know as a psychology major. I was a part of a lot of uh studies and that kind of thing. So it's interesting on that level to you know be helping with you know other people's um studies and that kind of thing.
Well I helped with research. I didn't really I only have a bachelor's degree so a lot of it's just kind of main level you know psychology and then once you get into like masters and that kind of thing then you go more into your own research. But um as part of one of my um classes I had to be a part of three different um psychology studies and I couldn't even tell you what they're about so long. Um But most of it was just filling out questionnaires kind of like prolific so nothing super exciting there. They didn't you know attach anything to my head or anything like that, you know? But
It's
like
trying to, trying to gauge how you felt about what they told interesting, is that very interesting,
you
know?
No, not at all. I feel like they can't, in a sense, you know, it's a little skew results and but yeah, that's crazy. Some of
the stuff that they do, I think probably the most interesting part of my um psychology degree was um actually went into a developmental disability home, like a group home and did some volunteer work there and that was really interesting um to do that. So I think that's probably one of the more interesting things I did as an undergrad student,
so
huh basically it was mostly just socializing with them, you know just sitting down and getting to know him and um it was very eye opening though because when I first walked in there was a girl there and I had to sign in and I was trying to talk to her and she just completely ignored me and I'm like, okay, that's that's a little odd, right? And so I went in and I talked to one of the ladies that ran the group home and she's like, oh she's deaf and I'm like, oh my gosh, I feel so stupid, you know, because at the time I was, this was over 10 years ago, you know, I hadn't been around anybody that was completely death, like my mom is hard of hearing but not completely death. So it was interesting to get, you know that wow, okay, I didn't even think about that, I thought she was just being room, you know, and she was death. Oh, you know, so that was very interesting
little lesson
for me there. So
I
yeah, I was a um well I actually had two jobs. Um that was at the same place I worked for, a nature center. Um I was a receptionist there and then an animal caretaker. Um They had owls and snakes and turtles and lots of fun things and yes, that's my son. Um and then uh in the summer, so that was in the fall and winter and then in the summer I was a nature day camp counselor for kids. Yeah, so I
did that for 10 years. It's crazy.
I absolutely did, yeah, it was a lot of fun. I love kids, I love being outside, you know insects, bugs outdoors campaign all that. Yeah. So do you have a job that you do outside of? It's over?
Thank you.
Come
back here.
what was the internship, What did you do there?
natural.
It's nice. I did a lot of spreadsheets as a receptionist, so I get it,
Come
on. Okay.
That's
up.
Nice. I prefer working by myself kind of as well too, I consider myself more of an introvert. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh you two, maybe that's why they put us together? Who knows? Talk? But have you ever done anything like this
complete
stream?
Nothing.
that's cool.
I've
done
like, yeah, I've done like a panel with Like four or 5 people once and then I've also done a couple of telephone interviews, but the telephone interviews, I feel like our way different because you're not staring face to face with somebody, you know? So yeah, I definitely was a lot from, I'm a huge introvert, so this was a lot to like actually like get myself to talk to a complete stranger, but you seem very nice.
Thank
you.
only
me neither. I mean being a stay at home mom, I really don't, you know, I don't have a job per se to go and meet people, you know, so it's a little harder to interact with people other than, you know, my family and my son and the friends that I have had for years, you know? Yeah.
yeah. Um Well I feel like at first it was pretty normal because I'm at home anyway, but I guess the thing that changed was I'm homeschooling my son now, so that was a big, big change um and then I I'm not seeing anybody um So that's other than obviously my husband and my son, so um that was a change. Um I always you know go and see my mom all the time, my friends, you know, so I've kept that. Not at all because I actually am immuno compromised myself, so it's like no no um
to go out. So my husband's been doing all the grocery shopping, which I'm sure he loves has to do, and I'm like yes, I don't have to go over to you um don't tell him that, but um
but yeah, so I feel like some things have changed, but I feel like more people probably have more of a drastic change than me. Yeah. How about
you?
No one around.
Yeah. A lot of busy work I assume, or
no.
Oh well that's
nice because some of my other friends that do are in school still a lot of busy work. They're just throwing stuff at them. Yeah. Yeah.
What?
that's not
bad.
Yeah. So you're paying tuition to not really do much kind of sex.
How
many classes
they want?
good
Georgia.
I've heard that it might go longer um, with the school and like with my son and everything that it might, he might start his first grade online. You that's gonna be kind of crazy. But you know, it is what it is. I, how do you feel about and it was kind of a heated subject. So I don't know if we want to get much into it. But how do you feel about like the whole being in a lockdown and all that.
All
Yeah, I got to. Yeah. I think we should open up slowly. I get like both sides of it. I get why people would be upset with like the whole, you know, not being able to work in the economy. But I also understand the people that are like we need to stay home and not, you know, in fact, more people. So I kind of see both sides of the spectrum there. Uh huh. Uh
Department.
Yeah. I mean, I'm more of the opinion like we should listen to scientists than, you know, get get more testing available. Yeah. You
know, make sure we are. I see us can hold the capacity. Um, that will be needed, you know? Um, but we'll see, I guess how everything works out, you know, just wash my hands a ton and hoping everybody's safe.
No,
I mean, I don't personally know anybody that has it, but my, um my cousin actually just is recently graduating with a nursing degree. And she actually got exposed to somebody who had Covid, but she didn't realize that at the time. So they didn't have the full on gear that they needed. Um So she was in quarantine for a couple of weeks. Um Like self quarantine. Um But she didn't come out with it, but apparently the poor guy died. Uh huh. From it like I guess he had um COPD and uh he had already had breathing issues and then you know put that on top of it. It's sad but luckily she was okay but it was just sad to hear about about him, you know? Mhm.
Yeah.
Do you know anybody who has affected with by. Yeah.
thinks
he
had
it.
Go ahead. Sorry.
I
said my husband seems to think me and him had a few months back. I don't think we did. But we had this lingering cough for like a month or so. And he seems to think that we did. But I don't think we who
knows. You know
papa.
Right. I mean like how long it has actually been here because I feel like it's been here longer than we think it has been. Yeah.
Are
you still there?
Oh there it goes
your back.
That's my connection or what? But do you think you think we'll have a vaccine soon? Right.
True. Or longer. Yeah. Absolutely. I think we're going to end up just having to open up without one. You know, it's kind of crazy. But if you think about all the other pandemics in history though it's been it hasn't been like months long, it's been years you know so are going to be a new it's not going to be back to normal, it's going to be a new normal. I feel like when we do get things open back up.
Happy.
Yeah. I mean there was what SARS what's the last I want to say That was the was that that Yeah. Mhm. I want to say that when I was the last one before this but I don't know. But yeah it's yeah I would say yes. Yeah.
How old are you,
I'm 33 so I've been on the earth a little longer but
I don't know but I feel old sometimes mm compared to 19. That was a good age. I miss college and I miss I miss a lot at that age so live it up man. Yeah.
What?
And I feel like it just goes quicker as you get even older, like a year just goes by and you're like, Damn, I'm already 33 years old. That's crazy. You don't feel like like in some ways you do feel old, but like in other ways you're like how am I 33? Like I still feel like I'm in my twenties, you know? So you go back and forth with with it. Mhm.
How?
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
I know. I was just thinking how are we supposed to know that? Yeah.
Oh, you are. Mhm Oh, I see it. Mine says 30 48. Is that what what is your say?
Um
All
Hi.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think so. Mind says 31 and I opened mine I think About five minutes before. So I think like we're good. But it was nice talking with you. This was not not bad at all. I feel like, so it was very nice to nice to meet you. And I hope you have a good college session. And I hope that your back to school and offline soon and big, no,
thank you. All right. Goodbye.