Oh, I'm done that. I am.
I felt that right?
managed to finally throw myself in there at two o'clock.
Mountain time. Yeah.
No,
no,
no, not very far just yeah, well mm
That is the 2020 mood I think. Oh, mm
mm
So anyway, yeah,
yeah, I'm in um actually Salt Lake City, so Utah
Well I got friends in Missouri actually have a roommate who, well she just moved out again, but she was from Missouri
Uh huh. No, it was like she was kind of an odd one I guess, but like she was doing her Master's in philosophy so she was going to I can't remember which university in Missouri but like she was doing it um virtually because you know
the whole thing, they're not having in person classes right now. So she moved in and like let's say like july or august and like by october she was already gone again like
no, no, she was only here briefly. But yeah, she was kind of just end up with, I don't know, we've had a few people come through because like the place I live at, it actually used to be an Airbnb, the landlord who runs it, used to have it on there. So for a while, like I was renting here a month to month and it would be, you know, all sorts of people and all the time. We,
oh, we have some interesting stories like there was this dude who, like, we still get his mail because he listed his address is here. Yeah, I don't know what the fuck this dude is into, but like we
keep getting, you know, like court orders for him and like, hey dude, you haven't paid this or this or hey, you have to
appear, I don't know where this Daniel dude is, but like we've had folks show up to be like
move
on
it backwards, Utah looking motherfuckers. Shut up one day. Like we're looking for Daniel. I'm like, he didn't live here, man. I don't
know.
Like another day we had like the cops show up. Like I answered the door and there's just like three cops and like not
like normal get up. Like they
looked
like
they were
ready
to break down the door like that. That's how they rolled up and like I answered the door like who are you here for? Which? one of my roommates pulled some weird shit now
you
were working
today.
And
that was actually
like,
maybe
what
we
empty
bedrooms?
He's hiding in there. I don't know.
All right. It's like some of the stories that I've heard from this, like the landlord that I've got, like, just from other folks that run these places.
Airbnb s. I'm like, I would never like, it was
people like I just because he was talking to me about like even just baseline, like he had to be here almost every day just to switch out the bedrooms, which like, that sounds like enough of a pain in the ass. But
then
like,
and it was maybe if you run it in a big city, it's worth it. I just can't see it in Salt Lake.
It
looks
I mean it's compared to the rest of Utah. Yeah. But I've lived in like uh you know places like san Francisco and stuff and
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Who like, yeah. One materialized in my house earlier. You're in luck actually.
No. You also get to drive into town 15 minutes and the billion dollar per page.
Was that
like
office
max or something
like
that?
Mhm. Well they especially get if you got to do like same day printing or something like that. Because like I've I've seen that were like I think I was trying to go through Officemax or don't even know what store it was, where
they were
like
nonsense.
Uh huh I'm gonna take a pass on that one. Yeah.
You
Know What Good 1?
Yeah. Could we
could
go to
Yeah. Oh christ no thanks. Yeah.
Oh so I wouldn't do for like work? Oh.
That's what you do during the day. So
hub school. That's one of those things I would imagine like it takes some time to build up so.
I know I've seen stuff where it's like most people don't start making real money and that for like a couple of years probably.
Very
well.
I've been in that place. Uh huh
What is this doing?
I do
warm.
Yeah. Well, I feel like I didn't even get up today until about 11 so.
What?
Damn. It does sound like work. Uh
Good.
Oh fuck man, that is dedication. Uh
Yeah.
huh Uh huh
Now choose what kind of stuff do you stream?
Doing what?
Mhm,
I can see that. Yeah. Well that became such a big thing where it's like there's even shows based off that now.
weren
Oh yeah, I can absolutely see that.
As you're trying to endure whatever you're eating, I imagined so I don't know, man.
Internet outage somewhere maybe.
No, I was thinking like if they were the same region but not sure. Mm
hm.
Hopefully nothing big happened. Just
people just poppin show up, Leave. three cops come later to ask you about them.
I can only with that stuff like the Carolina reapers. The ghost peppers.
What?
I could never
and I would
be on
the floor
canyon.
Uh huh.
I'm
Don't make
my
little.
Well, I would have met like that has to be something that you like have to build yourself up to like you wouldn't
want
to
start.
Yeah.
shit.
Come on.
at that point they're just chugging a cup of hot sauce.
Mm I was like a Frankenstein shot. Uh huh.
Mm
nick.
Uh huh. So your job is basically like part time, video streamer, part time fear factor kind
of thing.
And
Yeah. Right. Like guys, my stomach has to last.
Well, at some point, you know, if they get bad enough, you may need an ambulance, so yeah.
Board
I
don't know. Mm.
But
Don't
worry.
It's not one person asking you to do Carolina, read like they walk out in the next one walks in. Yeah.
Mm.
Mhm.
Well, that is certainly an interesting way to make money
interesting, sometimes painful. Yeah, mm Yeah, there's no way I couldn't do it. Yeah.
What?
It's kinda just self sustaining the channel or whatever. Mhm.
No.
Uh huh
worsen,
I
didn't
even know
there were, So does that weird out there?
Oh,
okay.
Where
are
you?
Yeah. Do you have people that would extend you these things or do you get them somewhere?
Yeah, I both respect and fear that kind of creativity and a person,
you know?
Mhm.
whoa. Yeah,
Okay, that's the kind of dude who like those people who like come up with the like craziest shittiest alcohol cocktails you could ever not want to drink. Like that's the kind of dude who comes up with a cement mixer just like pour this into this and will be horrible. But drinking anyways. Yeah.
God.
What? What?
you for your donation. What, wow.
Right. Oh
yeah, I think
we're probably
getting off like not understanding online, like that works. No. Mm hmm. The people, yeah. Mhm
Yeah. Well hopefully shows
back up there.
Two.
Yeah, I'll be like, you know what? I think we need to get him into more chance because creek you need some money kicked his way to like recover his stomach and uh I'm gonna, he's gonna need to start taking ulcer medication at some point. Yeah.
Oh
Yeah. What
was the thing that he order
that you ordered special?
Ooh,
It sounds like it.
yes. So
they're getting here like very um raw reaction to that unfiltered.
It
looks
It sounds like that one will be fun. Oh,
word
for.
Yeah, it's fun in the sense that those cops showing up to the door that one time was fun, exciting.
Oh.
Yeah, I do. Like I said, fire fires ambulance. Uh huh.
mm hmm.
All right.
no,
Well,
we gave them some interesting things to analyze
important. Yeah.
You too.
Good luck with your chocolate bar. Yeah.