Hello? Hey, how you doing
tired? You know?
looks like you might have just gotten out of the shower. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh It's 2:00 You're talking about probably pacific time then
Mountain time. All right. Because I was like, it's like four here, so
I sort of figured you like across the world or just like a little after the
other side.
2020 Right.
Yeah, pretty much. Uh
Mhm.
I don't I don't think I've ever really spoken to someone from Mountain time. Mhm. It's been either pacific or eastern mostly.
A year from Utah. All right. I'm in the midwest Missouri.
Just moved out again. Seems like there's a story there.
all
So is the second time she is there?
That sounds like a cluster. Mhm
No.
boy.
Apparently Daniel
is not a good
name.
few
Daniels I've known have not been the best That says like sounds like I'm daniel thing
Going to bomb
not
like
normal
kid
up.
Which
room do
we need
to
guide you to? Which room? Which room do you want? Door number one. Door number two or door number three? Yeah. Hell
break
them all down. Thank you. It's
got to be bound to be
something
behind
all
of them.
Yeah. And they got tunnels, teach others just bring them all down.
that's
It doesn't sound like a good idea. Never has. Sound like a good idea.
Is
it worth
the money at that point? Yeah. Mhm.
Well
Salt Lake
City is a big city, isn't it? Yeah.
Got a phone call.
Well I don't even know why they would ask me that neighbor asked if I had a printer that works. I always go to them for a printer.
Okay. I always went over there to print and then they hadn't had ink. So I had to go pay a dollar for a page to be printed in town 15 minutes away. And now they're asking me if I have a printer like not even a month later. Mhm. My head.
Yeah. It's like that's extortion. That's extortion price. I mean the library charges 25 cents but a dollar. That's extortion.
I
mean
it's just
piece
of
paper. Just a regular piece of paper with some text on it for a dollar like. Come on.
Well
I mean
it's not even a store that gets very much business. It's a small town of like 4000. But it's like seriously they're not busy. So it's like I called them and they had in less than five minutes and they charged me a dollar. Yeah.
It's not like a big chain or anything but it's just seriously that's how you get me to go. Yeah. I don't think I'm going there again.
After you print about 40 pages you could have bought a printer. Mm. Uh huh.
It's
like jeez
Go
up to 40
times a year and you you might as well have a printer
and
that I am actually a streamer. So not not work but kind of I guess you could consider that work.
I more do it to build community and whatnot. Anyways. It's doing decently but it's it's like the financial site isn't like the total goal there but it is coming around. So
I've been at it for about going on six months so. Okay.
Well, it depends what you consider real money though too. What I consider real money, people might just scoff at somewhere else. All right well
when you're disabled
and you haven't been able to like do anything it's like almost anything seems like real money then. Mhm.
So
yeah you lose not yet. Right. That's pretty much what I've been working really really hard and long hours on mama just, yeah. Yeah. Usually
still
it's usually still end up starting late. Yeah.
Hey wow. Well I've been up since like six something this morning and by
noon when I was supposed to be live I still was about 10 1520 minutes late because I had to redo some entire back end work. Um For the stream.
and then usually
a few hours in the evening trying to improve or fix something that I found during the day or add to or so on. Yeah you can you should see the ramp up for the giveaway events. Oh yeah that's that stays a starting at six a.m. And ending about midnight leading up to it
and yeah
and then they start on weekends which start two hours earlier than normal as it is. So the I have basically a few hours to make sure everything is absolutely in place and then still hey, something's got to go wrong. Yeah
so um
um games um apparently people like having me do hot sauce shots too. So that's the thing
hot sauce shots. So that's the thing but that's not that's not all of it but yeah that's that's what it boils down to a lot.
You'd be probably not so surprised. You know how many people actually enjoy their torture. Yeah. Oh yeah
it's basically a show I
mean to play games but over like half the time I'm not even playing I'm actually just yeah, other things. It's like, let's have some nasty jelly beans. Let's let's go ahead and drink some gross soda shots. Hot sauce shot. All right. Let's go ahead and do that too.
That makes the hours longer. Yeah.
And then somebody called in a shot today for a Carolina reaper and then vanished. So I didn't actually do it. I refunded them on it. But I'm just figuring trying to figure out where they went because it's not like them to vanish like that. And I say not like them because they are one of the key ones that fire off a lot of it. Yeah. And then they just vanished all of a sudden. So I still don't know what happened to them that was like 2.5, 3 hours ago. So I messaged him but haven't heard back. They went suddenly offline in the middle of a conversation and then another person and another part of the world that was talking suddenly went off line about the same time. So I have been. So what happened?
Right well once in the United States ones in the UK. Yeah
it had me pretty confused and I still don't know what's going on.
He wasn't having a good day today but he was having fun with me being tortured but then all of a sudden he just oof. Yeah it's like what what what's going on here? So maybe I'll hear back. I don't know. Yeah. Mhm.
I don't know I guess it's like an Airbnb.
Oh yeah. That just be great. The tortured one gets asked about the torturer. Yeah. I like I know questions on that. Our answers on that I think talk up those shots half the time. I don't know what I'm saying anymore. Yeah. You'd be surprised how much that affects you?
I
have both. Those. Do them both to, Yeah.
The
ghost,
Ghost
pepper
is about one hour. The reapers are limited to once a day, right?
Yeah.
Yeah. Here it is. That's the River one. That's about 10, 15 minutes of lava, followed by a 30 minutes of sitting there regretting, followed by about another 10 15 minutes of when it hits your stomach called the afterburn of you just burning alive in instant sweat. So yeah, I tell people don't, don't do it. It don't just don't, just don't
and
sad
part is people still try to replicate. And it's like I told you not to.
Well,
I
didn't
start at that. No. Yeah. But
even at that, this same guy, that torture is a crap when we decided he would try yesterday um start doing this. Um He did one for me so that wasn't that bad. Then somebody called for it once on him Which I've done up to 20 at once. Yeah.
So he did fort once and then he was like never again. I'm not doing that ever again. As I can think I've done 20. You did four
and said never again and I've done 20. Sounds like and now you know why I tell people not to do it. I don't, it's like the flavor is fine, it was just the consistency and it was thick and I was like imagine that cranked up more in a glass about like that. Yes
And two or 3 Gulps. As few as you can. Get it down in. Yeah And that's why I stopped. Uh I told him 2020 is the record and it's never gonna be touched again. I'm not having any problems. I didn't have any problem with it but I don't want to have problems and that's a lot to put in your stomach at one go. And it was all different kinds by the way like 18 different sauces at once.
so that's what I do. It's almost like an Airbnb. Yeah. Yeah some
people come just for that. Some people come to play, they watch the game and it's like you know what and that's fine but now I've been trying to get my timer systems to work too basically prevent over usage. And it's like this guy has found a way to work around every timer system I've ever put in to
how he can pull and call in different things non stop, I get them done and he's already got the next things done mixing soda with sauce with the jelly bean dipped in it. And these are the harry potter and being Bussell jelly beans or the spicy jelly beans that include habanero, jalapeno, cayenne, sarah or Carolina reaper.
Part
time for your factor. Yeah. And it's like I'm trying to space it out so I don't get bombed at the very beginning of the very end. And apparently that didn't work today either even though I got the timers working. But I told him, I'm told him now, he's like sadly and you're probably not gonna like this. But the moment I throw up now, which happens daily, like the
moment I throw up, we're going on a cool down from now on. I was like, you may not like that announcement, but I have to think of the safety in the longevity of doing this. I was like, you'd be more upset if I wasn't able to do this anymore versus slowing it down.
It's crap. Okay. But I still know what happened to him. Yeah. I'm just hearing when some of the other ones returned for theirs. Yeah. He's been going strong for about a week or two now. Yeah. Yeah. Just great. I said almost like Airbnb. Yes, Except it's not the police knocking down the doors. It's the fire.
That was the first reaper shot almost. I did a 20 millim shot of the reaper. Never again. I don't care how much someone paid me, I will never do another 20 mil shot. I seriously almost fell out of my chair. I was almost to the point of asking to go to the hospital and I was
live while doing this and I was just like, yeah guys, I'm not, I'm not
doing
I was in the middle of playing a game with a lot of them and I was like, I just I had to stop, I was just like, I can't I can't do anything right now. So now it's been reduced by a quarter of that.
And once a day instead of the, the thing I was thinking was every few hours or so, But oh
hell
no, when I do one of those already goes on, cool down everything for an hour and a half. So, right, I said, let's let's have an Airbnb online, What can you get it?
right.
Ah
so that's what I do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, interestingly, the word for it, I guess.
I don't advise anyone to do it. That's what I keep telling people. I was like, just don't, I told them it's not worth it. I was like, if I was doing this just for the money, I would not be putting these restrictions in play. I would not be putting timers in play. I would not
be putting cool downs. I was like, I'm not doing it for the money. I am doing it for the community to have fun to meet people and so on. If the money comes with that, then that's going back into basically um try to upgrade stuff and so on.
Yeah, it's done
decently. It's just, it's a lot of people take it for think not much of people that do these things, but it's like, you know what, you've got to do something and sometimes that's just as bad as anything else. So when I tell people I'm sauced, I don't mean alcohol, I'm sauced. Sure
that when I tell people I've had a soda shot, I'm not meeting Pepsi or coca cola or something good. No, I'm talking bout sweet corn, ranch, peanut butter and jelly. I mean bacon and by the way, none of them taste like what they're supposed to. The apple pie
tastes like cough syrup.
I
like
it.
Oh, they're worse. That is worse than that. I have a whole box um stored back that I'm going to be starting to introduce two more coming this week and I don't know which ones they are yet. I had to go dig through the box and find out which ones the ranch and the uh bacon make me throw up and they know this. They know this. They've seen it enough times now that they expected. That's what I said the moment I throw up. Cool down.
Yeah. In
the and
they've
already
told the guy that's basically doing it basically. Already told me what to name the command because he thinks it's funny. Upchuck. Yeah he wants me to call it upchuck. Yeah.
I I have to get them in. Um He did however send money last night to special order a new form of torture coming later this month. So he's collaborating on what it's coming. I said this guy is a man and that is dedicated to his torture. Uh huh. And his craft of how he mixes things like the other day. It was a reaper shot actually was yesterday I think reaper shot sweet corn soda shot. And then he had me dip a uh toothpaste jelly bean in it and by the way it was toothpaste, it wasn't the berry blue and that was a double burn and it was minty and that was not good. Yeah
that's
not even I think the worst. But yeah
and now we've started naming his concoctions. Haven't kept track of the names but I had one earlier with talk about mild um rotten egg jelly bean and um I don't know sausage jelly bean and there was something else um You're gonna take it first anyways I had these mixed up uh sarah or something and he called it Talk about breakfast burrito. Yeah.
Protection.
and now his thing is sniff it, go ahead, sniff it for and he's like oh you don't you don't want to sniff it and then he throws down some more and go stiff it. Yeah.
So
yeah you take that sniff it. Yeah jeez. Where? Thanks. Thanks man. Thanks. Mhm.
man. Yeah
I don't know how or what works in a mind like that but I think I want to know either.
That's
what
so I guess they could have been worse. I could have actually had to do that reaper shot, but I still know what happened to him. Uh Yes.
Hi,
come here.
Yeah. All right. Well, I think we probably disturb the people are going to watch this video footage enough. This guy has a lot of problems. Let's not invite him to these video chats anymore.
Yeah,
I have a stockpile of stuff still to come. I'm not done yet. Yeah.
Yeah.
Great.
It's a white chocolate bar. Oh, that's that's not it. That's not it. No, No, No. It has 12 different chili peppers, crushed and basically made into a powder mixed into with the chocolate.
And it's supposed to be pure hell.
And I'm going to eat very small bits of that kind of thank you because I don't know what it's gonna be like until I do it and I don't try any of these things until live because I don't do it off air. Like I get a new sauce. I'm like, I don't even know what that one's like guys. Yeah, yeah,
yeah,
Every saturday basically introduced something now. I love you. Yeah, he
loves
you. So, yeah. You see. Okay.
Fun.
That's that's the word
we're looking for there. Yeah.
I just hope they don't show up to my back door. Yeah.
Uh huh. Okay. It happens. Well that probably the firefighters
now this guy's back door, we got lava flowing. Yeah,
sure. Mm hmm. All
Well, I said, I think we uh I think we've got enough footage for them to uh choke on. They don't really have like a time or anything. So I think they actually went about 20 minutes or so. And I guess I think we're probably disturbed them enough now with your R. And B. And B. Uh door breakdowns and
my um my backdoor breakdowns.
So.
All
it's nice talking to you and I hope you have a good one.
Bye.
right fear.