Hi. Uh
Yeah, can you hear me
Cool. Sorry I was eating,
I'm good. Sorry?
Yeah, I think so. Um Ready?
It is uh
what time is it at? 7:00?
Where are you from?
Oh cool. I'm from new york to
yeah, maybe I'm a little bit more upstate, I'm like an hour outside of new york city. So Yeah.
Do you ever go up state like?
Yeah. Yeah. What did you study?
Oh that's awesome. Very cool.
Um Still at Cornell or you went somewhere
else for your?
agreed for sure. Yeah. Uh
I am, I still live at home with my parents to um I studied music um in boston at Berkeley and I actually just graduated two months ago and I just started my first job. So yeah. So.
time.
I
can't
imagine what the city is like right
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Um Are the streets to like completely desolate or?
With
Oh my gosh.
Even like after four July
so
this,
that
is weird,
My gosh. Well I yeah, was an essential worker for a while, because before I started this new job, I was a vet tech and that was considered an essential job, so um I was still going into work every day and we did still have to see clients and their pets and um and all of that, so like right at the height of it, I was still in the middle of
everything,
pretty much. Yeah, it was it was a little bit scary. Um and it took me like because I graduated two months ago, but I started applying to jobs probably like five months ago, so it took me about five months to get a job. Um
which I mean, I can't believe I got one with this whole thing.
it's crazy. And and so now I work from home, which is nice because I don't have to go out, I don't have to see anyone um which, you know, but I just don't have to expose myself for my family, which is good and
yeah, I've just kind of been holed up in my house. Um My
whole family actually works from home besides my dad, so um And he only works like 20 minutes from our house, it's not like he actually
has to go into a big
city or anything like that. Um
So we've been kind of hold up here and we haven't
had any kind of exposure or anything, so it's it's
been kind of okay. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, we had we had some cases of cats actually at
our practice
who who got it? Yeah.
Um Yeah, no, we we had a couple of cats that had it, we never had a dog, but we did have a couple of cats. Mhm.
They
don't, yeah, but it was it was very interesting, they don't
show the same signs as humans do. Um But it was very interesting to like see them come in and and their their symptoms and all of that, so, mm.
Oh yeah, yeah, big time. Um
I have a five yard, we have a fenced in yard and all of that and we actually live like not far, not even a mile from the Appalachian trail.
so we take them on the Appalachian trail as often as we can and um they're they're trained to be off leash and all of that, so we don't really we don't walk them anywhere because we just kind of
let them go unless we're in public and they have to be on a leash. But um yeah, they're they're really fantastic and there's there's such good um you know just companions,
especially in this time like this crazy time when you can't see anyone, you can just hang out with them and they're good. Do you have
any pets?
yeah, so there's a lot of hyper allergenic dogs out there, I don't know um Yeah,
I don't know specifically which kind, but and I don't know what they would do for asthma um
so
then
you
can just
Oh man. Um you would think that since I've been in quarantine and I would just binge watching shows, but um not really
because
I remember,
not really because I've been working um Well let me think. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay like work wise.
Yeah. Yeah. So um I've made music like my whole life but I went back to school to study music and then I ended up working at a sink publishing company. So basically what that means is um we have producers that make music for us, we pay them and then we pitch that music to big companies like Sony and Warner and and they buy it and then they put it in um television and movies and
film. Yeah
I
know
for
our stuff. Right? So yeah we put music in like hulu commercials and um like the NBA and the NFL and stuff like that. So
they get it from us
so.
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. And it takes a long time to I mean I just started working there about a month ago and it's taken us, I mean longer than a month to make just one album to get delivered. So
copyrighting
and just even the payments that have to go out and everything, It's pretty crazy. So um But it's a cool job for sure. Do you do you work or you're just a student?
don't
job.
Oh my gosh. I originally went to school actually for forensic Anthropology. Um
I was like two credits away from graduating and then I dropped out because I actually went on tour with my band and uh
So
but I was in the science world for a little while and like the Med World a little bit and it was it was harsh so I can imagine what you're going through. Like you can't have a job and that realm because you need to really focus on your studies for a while. So
um basically the study of like dead bodies, like you like
the
boat.
yeah. Yeah, like um like the crime scene investigators.
Um It is, it's that too, it's kind of like whatever scene
shows
up,
you can go and you can identify the body by like the bones or um or the body or like whatever they have there.
So
this
was an
undergrad.
so they had they had an undergrad program and they had their master's program and then of course they had their doctorate to which they highly suggested that you go for. Um But yeah, it was, it was an undergrad program.
I
know.
Yeah, it was, it was cool for a little while, but then you know, music took over so it was what it was.
Do boring.
yeah.
Yeah what have you been watching?
Well my sister
would
love that.
cool
I love mac and cheese,
it is the best, it's the only thing I know how to make, so
not the craft, you have to go with
craft, yep
Ooh
the prepackaged?
um
Yeah I always stick with the craft, I think it's the best, I don't know I don't know why but it's like I never make back and she's out of the regular
pasta.
like noodles
just give me the craft and I'll eat it forever. My gosh, so good.
Something's
yeah I know um
My sister is obsessed with My Hero Academia.
she
I I catch like two or 3 episodes but I have no idea what's going on so
yeah I I would consider watching it though I mean it looks pretty good. Um The only one that I've watched all the way through his Death Note which I know is
please
shape but uh sure.
you don't remember. Yeah.
Yeah but then the they did the live action one and that
was
did
action one on Netflix.
Yeah A live action Death Note. It's not good don't
yeah. Yeah. Yeah the live action avatar
it was so bad.
I know it was so bad.
I know. Okay.
You can
always
go back and rewatch the series though luckily.
netflix
how bad.
I know it was so
bad
and then it was all downhill from there.
you're
It really does.
I haven't seen
that one.
I know
that's
that's not even,
Yeah. Right that's like oh
Oh my God. Yeah I mean thinking about that Like even having $100,000
I
didn't
think
you could do that I thought that was like
money
laundering or something I don't know. Oh that's
crazy.
I think that's
I think I would too I think you're right.
think I think I would too I haven't
seen that one though. I've been recently I've been obsessed with 90 day fiance.
Oh yeah there's
of memes
and
it's only
it's only like the one season that's that I'm obsessed with like the rest of it you can give or take because it's just stupid and you know that it's like fake and you know that it's them but the one season with like the terrible people and all the people that they're making memes about. That's the season that's like just hysterical.
Yeah it was just the one season where the one did you see the meme with the guy who has no neck? Yeah.
Mhm.
Ooh that sounds good.
I'm
gonna try it. Yeah
I'll know
it when
I see
her.
What?
I'm excited. Where can I is it on netflix? Oh it is
It's crazy.
Yeah. You'd be on a reality show for 12 you know 12 episodes and then you're
famous.
Yeah, sponsored post.
Yeah.
yeah Love is Blind. That was ridiculous. Oh gosh
that was something else. Yeah.
Yeah.
It is. Yeah.
No,
are they? Mhm.
that is
Oh, I'd be like hell yeah, I'll go on.
Yeah. Oh, that's
Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Um I think we did it. Did we do it?
Yeah, I think we just click the next button. Cool.
Well it
was
talking to you.
All
right, take care.
Bye.