All right. I mean, I guess we're starting in one minute.
Yeah, I can hear you just fine.
Yeah, no problem. I finished finished with whatever you're eating because
Yeah. Yeah. So I guess we just talk about anything. Right,
I mean is it dinner time for you?
yeah.
Okay. So we're on the same, we're on the same like coast and I'm seven for Me too.
New york city.
Okay. Well, so I guess they may maybe they just matched like as as convenient as possible in terms of like timing and everything.
I mean, I always like I always like the kind of away from the city closer to like the nature and farms and stuff.
Yeah. Well actually I went to college at Cornell, so uh Yeah, so I that's like way upstate. Yeah,
I studied um basically like pre med, so right now I'm studying to be I'm still studying in graduate school to be a physician assistant.
Um
No,
no, no. in the, in the city again, I think it's just, yeah, it just makes more sense because if you're just going to keep paying that much, I mean I might as well live at home with my parents like save a little bit on rent, you know?
How about you? What do you do or?
Yeah. I mean this time is it's a rough time right now to start anything though. Yeah.
Especially. Oh my God, in the city to it's kind
of
scary.
I mean at least is getting better.
Yeah, I mean I haven't been to the uh, so I live in Brooklyn's not the city city, but I mean still, yeah.
Um so I haven't been into like Times Square Area, but those pictures are like unbelievable how empty it is. It's like the best time to go towards today if you if you can brave it. Yeah,
we are still not as much as many people. I mean yeah, I mean I don't I don't see that many people like out and about for sure compared to before. And then we have like all these like fireworks problems too. Where Yeah, I don't I don't know if it was everywhere but it made the news several times where like throughout the night just like like hundreds of fireworks and then people were complaining because first of all is keeping them up and then second like vets were saying like how like dogs were getting too scared to even go use the bathroom. So like they were getting complaints here. Oh my God, I was so bad.
Yeah. Well after fourth of july, it died down a lot but it started like two weeks before the july too. That's
so
weird. You
understand?
It was like fourth of july okay. Like one night. Sure. Yeah. It's crazy this whole time around here. What have you been doing for like I guess this whole time? Yeah.
Own
Yeah. That's scary.
I mean
right. Yeah, like I was going to say at this time it's really nice that like you were able to get one.
Right. Yeah, of course.
Mhm.
great.
That's
Uh
ridiculous.
Thanks.
Yeah. It's crazy that like I heard like dogs can apparently get the virus to, which is insane. Like
for
real.
Oh wow. I actually never actually thought I read like like they never saw a like actually studied a cat with one, so I guess they did since then.
okay. Cool. I mean
not
interesting.
you'd rather your like more of a dog person? Yeah.
I mean it's it's also better to have like uh it's nice to have a dog, like especially upstate where you have more space to write. Yeah.
Oh, that's so cool. Uh
that's
Your companions? Yeah.
I
know I've always really wanted one, but I have I have asthma so I can't like Yeah. So then like, I don't know, I mean did you see any patients with like, like where the owners had asthma and then like could they actually have one?
Which kind?
because I'm like, it's not like you can get one and then I'm like, oh wait, this doesn't work, and that just Yeah, but yeah, I mean it's always nice when like a friend has one, so they like to hang
out
for
like
hours where and then I could run away if anything happens. Yeah. Oh my God. Um any like any shows have you been watching?
No,
not
recently.
What do you guys do for?
Yeah, you make music for
that's
That's cool. I mean then you should definitely be watching them for your for
your
pieces
there.
wow. That's crazy. Like you never think about that. Where like where do these companies like actually get their music from and then
Yeah. That's crazy. I
mean, yeah, they must be getting from like a lot of different, but you never think about all the work that goes into it.
Yeah. I'm sure mother paperwork and like the copyright and stuff like making sure everyone
gets area.
No. Yeah. I'm just a stupid because right now what the program is is basically like you almost that's what they say that you're like you're learning four years of medical stuff like in two years. So I really don't want
to like
over, yeah, like over over push myself too much because like, yeah. So tough already and then there's just so much to learn. It's crazy.
cool.
Yeah. So music. Yeah. Yeah.
That's a good
mean what what's forensic anthropology like?
Is it
like
trying to help them help people find out like how they died or? Oh nice. Okay.
Okay. So you're actually like fresh scenes? Okay. I wasn't sure. It was like old old, like, like skeletons or okay.
Anything
you
can get into?
this
was an undergrad thing.
Like
where
you, and then you, you get out and immediately you can start doing this kind of stuff.
Oh, that's crazy. That like, just imagining Like, uh I guess what the average, like college kid undergrad graduate is like 21, like just like a 21 year old going to this like studying dead bodies.
Like,
like with the all the streets in new york. Oh my God, That's crazy. Okay. Yeah, I mean that's good that you followed your passion. That's pretty cool.
I mean, any time you have to do something for a job, I feel like eventually it, you know, for me like it's like I actually worked for a little while as a tech for gastroenterologist. So that became, that was so interesting at first, but then eventually it just became like, like one after another, just like just looking at people's colon next, next, next. Yeah. I mean
you just have to keep it, keep it fresh. Yeah. Um I
mean, what else have, I don't I don't know what else to talk about. I mean,
okay. Oh yeah, Okay, so we've been so on netflix, there's this show, it's actually like an uh it's an anime, so it's like the car. Yeah, like the japanese cartoon. Um And it's, I think in english is called Food Wars. So they're basically like making different recipes and cooking and is almost like they're and they're intending this elite school with just um just making like brand new dishes to beat everyone else.
And
then
Yeah, but it's so that's weird because like for no reason they add like these scenes where they have a character is so embarrassing like they have a character taste of food and then like like it tastes so good that all their clothes like rip off. I mean obviously the private parts are like more covered right? But by like cartoon like pieces but then they did not need to do that cooking itself was super interesting and they're like teaching you two at the same time there like you can there's like these kinds of cuts or like there's um tomato has like this kind of acid to make it taste like a little like more umami in the food so it's really cool but it's just like some scenes are kind of necessary. Um And then actually my friends um are planning to do like this like fake food war thing so so we're all like each trying to come up with a dish. Um
and we're gonna make it and I guess we're going to judge each other and see what was the best. Yeah, we're doing like mac and cheese.
Yeah. Who does it is the best.
Oh really? Any tips
crab?
Yeah. No, actually I was thinking so I looked up, I wanted to be a little uh like different. So because I mean if we have four dishes of mac and cheese, that's going to be too much, like no one's gonna finish that. So I looked it up and you can actually make um mac and cheese burgers, like buttons
out of the mac and cheese. Yeah. And a lot of surprising, A lot of them like suggests the craft like prepackaged mac
and cheese. Yeah. Like why? I was surprised because I was like, wait, you're going the length to make such a crazy burger. Like you're not going to make your own mac and cheese. But then yeah, they suggested that. Yeah, I might actually get this so much easier. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Like noodles
and like five
different cheeses.
You can't be like the big companies in some areas.
You just can't.
There's no way.
Oh yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. I was reading that before and then for some reason I think like I caught up to the end and then I just never caught back up. Yeah.
Do you want to with her?
I mean if you skip around like that Of course.
Oh, that's pretty, Yeah. That's a
classic.
I'm not actually sure how if I finished, you know how like sometimes you watch things and then it's so long ago you don't even remember how
how it happened like what happened and then and it sucks because then you? Re watching it and then you you're like shoot like I watched this already at least in my time. Yeah.
they
did. I
don't know that.
Oh wow, it's a movie or
Yeah. No we are going to say how can you, can you like oh jeez, have you did you see um do you know avatar like the air band?
Oh my God. That like I swore off live action after that. No, he did just butchered it.
I wanted to I felt so bad for it. Like everyone that had to watch it. I had to make it like oh my God.
Yeah, like they couldn't even shell out a little bit for like special effects. Like I had to literally be one piece of rock.
that man,
I
can
yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah that one my my friend actually watched all of it just because it came out recently on netflix and
he doesn't have like anything else. Yeah so yeah that was jeez I still, I think literally I'm going to remember that forever. They just
yeah there's not very many things you remember like you you think about and you're like okay I'm going to remember that for life like this, I actually am going to remember for life like oh jesus gets
me so
upset just thinking about it, like imagine how good they could have made it and then they did this.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean yeah, I mean I also I have watched other things recently. It's not so not good because I need to just be working on school. But uh but yeah so my my girlfriend actually she's watching um she liked watching, she likes watching those reality china things, which I I'm like I should have watched this because I feel like it doesn't help me at all.
Like anyway, it doesn't it doesn't feel good like watching someone's gossip and like drama and being like, oh I wonder what happens, but then it absorbs you somehow.
Yeah. So like, like some of the like whatever the reason was like selling sunset, they're
just,
oh my god, just like these like girls not girls like women in California in santa hills selling million dollar homes And they sell one like, Okay, so one home is like four million, right? They sell one of those, they get 100,000 commissions. That's I'd be done. I go on vacation.
No more work for the rest
of the year.
That's not real, right? Yeah. Oh my god, you just sell to your done for two years seriously.
And then they're like so petty about such small things like when when you have much you don't have that like you know your life is good. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. I wonder how they get paid because it's like do they go from having like 1000 in their bank account and then all of a sudden the next day they sell a house, they have 100,000 in their bank account.
That
would
be insane.
Yeah. I don't
know
I don't
even know what I would do like probably. Yeah. I mean they probably spend it all this problem, which
I mean honestly I probably would too
like all of a sudden seeing that amount, I mean like uh I'm good for a while. Yeah.
Any.
Oh okay. I saw a lot of, I see so many memes about that,
it just
seems I feel like it would be hard to get into. I feel like uh like really? Like how is this going to work? And
then
there
Oh okay. So they're not all like that was just that once,
Yes.
And then like yeah and then like the girl rejected here or something, I don't I don't even know like but that's Oh geez, wow. Yeah maybe maybe I suggest that because uh what is it she my girlfriend just finished another one. That was I didn't watch this one with her, like I watched one with one episode but that guy didn't watch all over, it was too much, but it's called India and Matchmaking.
so that's like that's like brand new, that one is actually pretty cool just because you learn a little bit about another culture, you know like the indian culture and how they do it. Um Yeah that was really cool except that wasn't they advertise it like uh what is it called? Like arranged marriages? But it wasn't really because you could choose. No and there was this like one woman that was like no no no no no everyone and uh I don't know. Uh Yeah. Do you are you do you think you're gonna watch it? I mean I'll just say a little part
like
okay well yeah this this is just one woman on the show, you your snow when
you
watch
it.
It's like yeah she
everyone's just like but then everyone is also at the same time like at least she made the show funny because people like like made fun of her which is kind of like that. But yeah, she's oh, she was another thing, she's not of this world.
It is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then the cool thing about these shows though, I do have to admit is once you're done with them, you can follow them in person to like we're real people, which actually doesn't sometimes feel real sometimes. Yeah. Because like you see it and you're like, you sometimes don't even realize that they're like actual people living lives. Yeah.
Yeah. And then how these normal normal ish people like skyrockets to fame because of this too. Yeah. You just do a show here and then you can participate on it and become famous too.
And
then yeah. And then, and then if you have like an instagram account, like I read some of the stars on the shows, they get so many followers that they make like several 1000 proposed sponsored post.
That's Oh my God.
Yeah. What an easy way to like get fame nowadays. Yeah. Like love is blind to where?
Yeah.
But they're like normal. There was supposedly like normal people like Yeah
looks crazy.
Yeah. I think they're
doing one in new york to it seems like
I read something where they like someone literally went on a dating app and was like talking to this girl and she was like by the way, I'm actually a producer, would you be interested in something like this? Like just catfish like Yeah. But yeah, that's really cool.
I'd be excited because you can actually bump into these kind of people. Yeah.
Yeah. Right. This instant fame
just go on to be a ridiculous person and then you get even more notoriety.
Yeah. And then so we just closed this and then just go onto the survey. Right,
Do
we
leave this norm?
Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah. Nice talking to you,
too.
Yeah. You have a good day,