SPEAKER_R: Mhm hang on sorry yeah Hi, can you hear me now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_R: I can no Yeah
SPEAKER_L: harry
SPEAKER_R: I'm okay, how are you
SPEAKER_L: and uh
SPEAKER_R: just disappeared?
SPEAKER_L: I do and Mhm
SPEAKER_R: my eyes uh huh
SPEAKER_L: mm. My hand. I'm not at least you see me now. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No it's like it went to a black screen with a silhouette of a body and it shows
SPEAKER_L: Telling everything
SPEAKER_R: it's just yeah it's actually a male silhouette also.
SPEAKER_L: I'm leaving. I'm gonna come back.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Okay yeah yeah. Yes. Mhm Hi can see you now, I can't hear, I can't hear you. Yes. Oh now I can. All right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that was weird but
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: now you're frozen
SPEAKER_L: little bit it's normal. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh right again,
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: are you able to see me the whole time? Mm because I see that same silhouette again
SPEAKER_L: it's never happened
SPEAKER_R: near your
SPEAKER_L: before.
SPEAKER_R: camera on?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like my end I can see the small little square with me and I can see you three
SPEAKER_R: That's weird. So maybe it's on Mayan, I don't know why That's
SPEAKER_L: cheated.
SPEAKER_R: so weird, you could see yourself, I should be able to see you. What is
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: what I see. Is this like a black screen with the silhouette and then in the corner it shows headphones but I don't know I have headphones in and I don't know if it shows that, that's why I chose that, I didn't notice which was showing that when I saw it was able to see you. No, but you can see on
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: yourself, that's so weird. Um Let me just see if it says anything to do if there are technical difficulties. No, it just doesn't make sure you're webcam has turned on and working properly. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Highest devices me. I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I feel like you can hear me just fine too because you're a little bit in and out. Um I don't know, it's funny because I'm outside and I'm on my wife and I had no idea here. Oh no, hello, can you hear me? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey I should join again. Yeah, I really tried. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You see? Okay? Can you see me now? That's
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that was weird that you were totally disappeared
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it went, my screen went completely gray so I tried my ipad. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: um because I logged out and logged back into.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No, no
SPEAKER_L: It's never happened before. I'm
SPEAKER_R: how are you? Um It's a beautiful day here.
SPEAKER_L: I can take
SPEAKER_R: Nice that where you are. So I'm looking at my dog, she's she's chilling over there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so what do you do for fun?
SPEAKER_R: What do I do for fun in the pandemic? Not much.
SPEAKER_L: Start still trying to, you know, keep your distance because a lot of people are living like it's normal.
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah, I know, I feel like more and more people are now, I'm still trying to be pretty careful. Um Where I lived in numbers have just started recently going up a bit. Um And I feel like, yeah, everyone thinks that it's nothing, but I don't know, I just had a really weird experience, my daughters in high school and I called her in sick this morning because she has a head cold, does not have Covid, we're not worried him, Covid. I mean we are because we're just paranoid, but she literally has a head cold and in normal circumstances, I would have thought twice about it, but you can't send a kid to school, like even sniffling these days. So I just got a call from the school nurse. I was like what? I've never gotten a call from the school nurse so far, I'm like important nurses they have to follow. But every single person who called in sick, I was like, it's really a cold, it's really okay. She does not have Covid. And um if we're worried she had Covid, we would have we would take her for a test blah blah and she's like, okay, you can come back to school, she can't come back until 24 hours symptom free, They only have school two days
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: a week. So she don't think about school till Monday, I'm not worried about her being 24 hours symptom free between Thursday and Monday, first of all. And then she said if you would check in with me again tomorrow, I'm like seriously, don't you have actual six people to take care of?
SPEAKER_L: I guess just to be safe. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I guess so it's just everyone so paranoid. Um So is ever do you feel like everyone you're not are you still taking it seriously too, or No, not
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: anymore,
SPEAKER_L: I'm still taking it seriously. Um I don't know if it's not worth it like I'd
SPEAKER_R: whatever?
SPEAKER_L: rather wait it out.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, just that it's going to be a long wait. Um You know, I think it could easily be another year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but people are saying like next year beginning of next year I'm like no it's way longer than that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you know it's really bad.
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: Um And now stuff here has started more stuff that started opening up. Um But I don't think, I don't know if it's going to be for long, you know, we've got an email, we've got we've got an email from the school um open open for like maybe a month and I think about 80% of the kids are going Live into two days there, you know, some kids are going to days and other kids. So like 40% on any given day. And I think we've got notified about six cases
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: already. Um, well it doesn't seem like it's trending in the right direction.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've seen pictures out here when the first day of school was and it was like they weren't even taking any precautions, it was a masks they were just like mobbed in the hallways. I was so glad it's going more.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Yeah, I'm guessing that you're in Georgia, but I won't uh huh. My sister is actually a teacher in Georgia and um, She's had a horrible time at 1st 8. She works in some really huge district and she was special ed teacher she worked with in the middle school. So she works with kids who are, you know, already need a lot of additional attention and teaching them on like teaching them and it was impossible. Um, and they had some huge fight in her school district and they won the fight. And so they were, they started school remote for everyone remotely and they were going to sort of gradually ease into some sort of, I don't know, I don't even know if they knew if it was everyone in school or hybrid or whatever. And, and then all the news started coming out about all those other districts where they wrote those pictures that I saw as well. And then, and her in her district, the um, teachers had to be in their classroom, the kids, kids were at home, but the teachers had to be in their classroom, which was also just absurd. You know, she spent like a day setting up her classroom to teach on zoom was ridiculous. And, and then a bunch of people got got, we're positive.
SPEAKER_L: There's this
SPEAKER_R: It's like a huge district. So it sounded like a really high number to me, but she said she didn't even know anyone in her building even. Um, but the whole, if you are positive and so that got in the national press at the same time as all those other pictures are coming out and somehow as there is that they were so mad about all the bad press that they made everyone come back to school. So that was their, that was their solution. So now she's teaching in the classroom. She has been for quite a while. Um, but a lot of her kids aren't there, a lot of parents have chosen not to send their kids in. So I think she has like a pretty small percentage of the kids in the classroom, but that's even harder because then she's teaching some in person, someone zoom. Um, and they're all special needs kids. So they're really, you know, just really hard to do that. Like they all need individual hands on attention. Oh, anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: sucks. I know. And my kids have, what they did here is they let the teachers are allowed to choose. So some teachers chose to be remote, so the kids are in the classroom and the teachers at home
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: teaching them on june. Yeah. So my daughter right now is supposed to be in her chemistry class and she said she supposed to be in school, but she's at home because her cold, which is not going and, and she's like, yeah, he forgot because he's not in the building,
SPEAKER_L: Well you just,
SPEAKER_R: so he's in his house. So I'm sure he's all much more lax and so he like, yeah, so, so, and I don't get any on four of the five days of school, there are kids in the classroom and I guess there's some sort of to or something, which I picture like Some 20 year old in college or something just just sitting there. Like, I think it was, she said that the first day that the people sitting there, the th in some cases to us in some classes, they didn't even introduce themselves. They just sat in the front of the classroom on the
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: computer, like, darling, like, that's
SPEAKER_L: Like a
SPEAKER_R: job.
SPEAKER_L: babysitter? Right.
SPEAKER_R: high school. And she was like the babysitter in the classroom, I guess, to make sure that the kids are sitting at their desk and not on top of each other or something, wearing their masks, I don't know. And and the teachers at home. So
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: then they all should stay at home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: whatever. And then my son just told me the other day that his art teacher is at home, How do you change? Aren't remotely like, I don't even understand that, like, like, you hold up a picture
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: that's just ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy
SPEAKER_R: I just, you know, I know, I'm sort of like you know, things aren't going very well. We're not having a lot of real education here. Maybe we could skip
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: art
SPEAKER_L: I would
SPEAKER_R: like if you're into art. Absolutely. But he's got into art at all. It's just stupid busy work that he has to do. And teachers not even there give the kid a break like
SPEAKER_L: I would think that they would just keep the core classes like the importance.
SPEAKER_R: well I think they're so they're all talking about how much, how much how were they are about all the kids social emotional health. I think having less to do with help their social emotional health. Unless if you're a kid who likes art of course, then art is an artist, how you express yourself totally great if you're not it's just busy
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: work that doesn't help your social emotional health to have more busywork. My daughter takes ceramic and she did last year too, the poor teacher. So like one day when she's in the building and she can actually, you know, decent thing. But even they gave them, I forget they have to ration the clay because they can't normally play something you recycle and you share. And I don't understand why they can't just quarantine it. But apparently each kid has a very small defined amount of play for the whole school year. So they're like using like, I don't even know what it is, like becoming a plato to model their things and once they're all completely modeled their like to make them and play, I don't even know, like by april maybe they'll be using clay. It's absurd. And last year they, when they went home, they didn't even have that. And so the poor teacher, they should have ceramics class once a week, the teacher would come on and like basically take attendance and tell them to go and she would give them like stupid busy work projects to do. Like get something you want to make or find a video online of a cool ceramics. Like it was so stupid. I felt so bad for the teacher having to make up this junk,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I guess they're keeping it around because then the teacher would be out of work, so
SPEAKER_R: But like imagine being an artist and trying to teach arts in that way. Like that would be so self defeating. Like you feel awful.
SPEAKER_L: it's like a disconnect.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I just cannot imagine there's any satisfaction from that wrong anyway, whatever. So what do you do for fun?
SPEAKER_L: Um mm I read and watch movies and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have you read anything good lately?
SPEAKER_L: Not lately. Okay. I think I've been I haven't been in the mood. I don't
SPEAKER_R: Hard to focus. Have you watched anything good?
SPEAKER_L: mm lately I've been watching a lot of Law and Order. As for you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, that'll cheer you right up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's always on.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I've been watching that family feud and the Walking Dead.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I never watched that.
SPEAKER_L: which one the walking dead or
SPEAKER_R: The Walking Dead. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because when um cold, it first started the streets, it reminded me so much of the like how the streets were in the show.
SPEAKER_R: It's like dystopian.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's a I think it's zombies. Yeah and I think it's filmed out here so.
SPEAKER_R: Mm I just watched, I started watching this new show called Tehran which is about and it's really spy who goes into Iran to hack a system so that the Israelis can shut down bombs something and shut down their nuclear power something it's pretty intense. Um She's trying to hide she's trying to hide in Tehran which is you know not the most stop that society to be a woman in. Although you can hide pretty well because you're always covered. Uh huh. Anyway it's good actually I feel like that sort of thriller sort of thing. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm watching my dog to make sure she doesn't eat rocks. She likes eat rocks.
SPEAKER_L: You only have one dog.
SPEAKER_R: Have one dog. Um Here you can see her maybe
SPEAKER_L: Oh she's pretty mm.
SPEAKER_R: she's looking at something if she doesn't like it soon she might start barking her head off. Uh And now she's probably trying to eat a fly because you know just that smart. um Pretty cute. She's pretty she can be annoying. Also her name is Penny
SPEAKER_L: Oh so you had her since she was a puppy or did you get her big?
SPEAKER_R: uh heather. She's about since she's about one she's a rescue actually think she's from I want to see she's from Georgia actually. Um She lab terrier mix we think. Um and she was we got her through some lab rescue but I think they brought her and her sister up from Georgia. Um I think they were on like a I don't know there was like a far someplace pretty rural where all the rescue dogs come from obviously and she I think she was living somewhere where she was not being treated I think she had been living outside and not being treated very well and she and her sister ran away. Um Mhm. And they were booked don't let me under she's about nine months I think. Um took about five now. Um They ran away and then they came out of the salami daughter, she was really skinny and and all I remember is the people we got it read whatever rescue organization brought her up and then you know, they they bring them up and then they transfer them between people or whatever, whoever we got them from with we went to meet them at like a gas station on the highway or something and they had there was like a Mcdonald's there and they had bought her a cheeseburger because they were worried about skinny. She was they were like these professional dog people. I'm like really? You've got a cheeseburger, She's pretty happy, she's not skinny anymore. She's fine now. Were actually worried she was getting fat because of Covid, just like everyone else because everyone's home and the kids like feed her treats all the time. But I think we've gotten her, I think she's back to her regular. Wait, but yeah, just like every all the people, she was gaining her Covid. Wait,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that kind of reminds me of uh when we moved because I'm originally from California. We were we drove the u. Haul to Georgia and I would say I don't know if it was about halfway there. We were driving on the highway and all of a sudden we've seen a puppy on the side of the highway and we were like it was too late to stop so we had to get off and come back around to get her. I don't know the boils. Yeah. Get him. It was so sad. He was
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: he was on the side of the road. We took him all the way to Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: and did you keep
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: him?
SPEAKER_L: Uh He was we didn't know what was wrong with him, he was a bit too aggressive with food and stuff because I guess he was starving. Um So we took him to a rescue and I checked the their instagram. He got adopted out. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: awesome, wow. So he just went with you,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: type,
SPEAKER_L: didn't even think about it, I hopped out the U. Haul and I was like you don't even know if this dog is going to attack you and I just bit down and he came running at me and I was like I hope you don't bite me. But he was happy. He hopped in the U. S.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Oh my God, that's so sad,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but we had to get
SPEAKER_R: he just wanted to be rescued. Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: There was no like stores around so we had to stop at the gas station and get them hot dogs. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'll see you, the
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: equivalent of the Mcdonald's cheeseburger.
SPEAKER_L: Gas station hot dogs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm That's so funny. And that was it in Georgia or somewhere
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: else?
SPEAKER_L: I think it was Was it Alabama or I think it was Alabama. Yeah. That's like I don't know why people treat their animals like that.
SPEAKER_R: I know, it's horrible. And I feel like, you know, I live in massachusetts and I feel like there's always all the rescues come from the south, like everyone rescues dogs and they always come from the south and I mean I guess if you don't get your dogs stayed um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But it seems like with that dog
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: it was not houses or anything around on that road. It seems like someone just dropped them off on the side. And it was so sad because driving on that that road it was just like dead bodies of, you know, like road killing stuff. So we were really emotional. We're like we gotta get him this time. But we look we got him.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's Oh, that's awful. Um Well there's an elderly woman in our town who who is like the cat lady and that's used to happen. People used to just drop off cats And she like, I think she has had at some point like had 20 cats living in her house because people would literally like abandon their cats and just leave them on the road and she would get
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: them like
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: so awful. I know, like I don't understand
SPEAKER_L: Like what happens.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I understand, but take them to a shelter or something. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Now we had a thing happened, we were on vacation one and our neighbors got in touch and said do you know anything about these cats? And we were like what are you talking about? And someone, I think, I think someone had, I think the cat have had kitten and they had literally dropped them off at the end of
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: my road and they and we were away and we have a tree house and they were like, sort of living under the tree house. Um and yes, and other neighbors finally took them and got a rescue organization involved or whatever. And then my kids really, really, really wanted to keep the cats. They were really cute actually. Even I'm not a cat person, but they were really, they were these tiny, little adorable kittens, but we knew, but we tried Like, have them come for one for a visit. And oh my God, the dog, she made like, noises we had never heard before or since. So even my super animal loving Children who said it was like, destined because they were born here, blah, blah, blah. And I think, I think maybe they brought her when she was, I think she was even pregnant. I can't remember if they were born here. If she brought them about the baby's here, if they literally brought her here because I knew she was about to have babies discussing and this is recently.
SPEAKER_L: that's great.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, it was really crazy, but if they would have been in my house, I don't know what would have happened and no dogs ever eat cats, maybe they would have eventually settled down, but oh my God, the noises she made, it was really really, really outrageous.
SPEAKER_L: If that's, wow, did they catch the people who left them? There are no.
SPEAKER_R: No, no. Um but it was funny because everyone wanted the cat that they were, they were this adorable little kitten, so there was no worry about them, nothing taken care of, but exactly bring them to it, a place where someone can take care of them because people want them like no they're not going to,
SPEAKER_L: especially when they're that tiny, everybody wants the kid.
SPEAKER_R: oh my God they were even, I was like falling in love with them and I'm really not a cat person, they were like this big um are you hearing me? Oh yeah, she's trying to get there's like a fly flying around, she's outside, she's going to get it and some every once a while she does
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: mm Crazy. Uh Anyway, do you have any pets or did you grow up with any pets?
SPEAKER_L: um we've had pets throughout my life, but right now I only have a cat. She was,
SPEAKER_R: You do. Look at what
SPEAKER_L: which is a
SPEAKER_R: she what what what tell me about the cat.
SPEAKER_L: so she came from the Atlanta humane society. Um we didn't know much about her. Um but once we got her kind of realize you abused um because they told us that when they brought her to her, brought her to the place um they had put her like to sleep or something, like she wasn't awake. So they were, they were kind of like they don't know what's going on, but when we got her we realized that they had her front paws declawed. Um and she's scared of a lot of stuff like she's scared of people. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: he's scared
SPEAKER_R: poor thing.
SPEAKER_L: of brooms, like if you're sweeping and she sees you with the broom she starts running and if you get real close she'll hiss and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: if they like use a broom to discipline her or something?
SPEAKER_L: and then like if she did something bad and you go towards her she thinks she's gonna hit her like she's flinching and hissing. I'm like no.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: But I think she's about nine or 10, we've had her for two years now. Yeah you see
SPEAKER_R: And I don't even know. How long did cats live is that old for? Cat? Probably
SPEAKER_L: I thought
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: it was but then I googled it, they say they lived to almost 18 or 20 years, so I guess she was like middle age, this is a picture of her. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: she's really sweet. Yeah, wow.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah I don't know, some people don't deserve animals.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's terrible. Really terrible. Um Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you. Think we've done our 25
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: minutes.
SPEAKER_L: think so. And and we went over a little bit for the difficulty.
SPEAKER_R: Um I think we're good. Yeah. Alright.
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: Very nice talking to you. Take
SPEAKER_L: You two
SPEAKER_R: care.
SPEAKER_L: stay safe.