Yeah. Can you hear me
harry
and uh
I do and Mhm
mm. My hand. I'm not at least you see me now. Yeah. Yeah.
Telling everything
I'm leaving. I'm gonna come back.
Yeah.
It's
little bit it's normal. Mhm.
Mm.
it's never happened
before.
Yeah. Like my end I can see the small little square with me and I can see you three
cheated.
It's
I don't
Highest devices me. I'm not sure.
Mhm. You see? Okay? Can you see me now? That's
yeah, it went, my screen went completely gray so I tried my ipad. Okay.
Yeah. I don't know.
It's never happened before. I'm
I can take
Oh, so what do you do for fun?
Start still trying to, you know, keep your distance because a lot of people are living like it's normal.
Well.
I guess just to be safe. Yes.
no
I'm still taking it seriously. Um I don't know if it's not worth it like I'd
rather wait it out.
Yeah but people are saying like next year beginning of next year I'm like no it's way longer than that
there.
Well
Yeah I've seen pictures out here when the first day of school was and it was like they weren't even taking any precautions, it was a masks they were just like mobbed in the hallways. I was so glad it's going more.
There's this
Crazy.
What
Well you just,
What?
Like a
babysitter? Right.
it's
then they all should stay at home. Yeah.
It
that's crazy
what
I would
I would think that they would just keep the core classes like the importance.
correct.
I don't know. I guess they're keeping it around because then the teacher would be out of work, so
it's like a disconnect.
Um mm I read and watch movies and stuff. Yeah.
Not lately. Okay. I think I've been I haven't been in the mood. I don't
mm lately I've been watching a lot of Law and Order. As for you.
Yeah, it's always on.
So yeah, I've been watching that family feud and the Walking Dead.
which one the walking dead or
Yeah.
Yeah. Because when um cold, it first started the streets, it reminded me so much of the like how the streets were in the show.
Yeah. Yeah it's a I think it's zombies. Yeah and I think it's filmed out here so.
mm.
Okay. Mhm.
You only have one dog.
Oh she's pretty mm.
Oh so you had her since she was a puppy or did you get her big?
Yeah. Yeah that kind of reminds me of uh when we moved because I'm originally from California. We were we drove the u. Haul to Georgia and I would say I don't know if it was about halfway there. We were driving on the highway and all of a sudden we've seen a puppy on the side of the highway and we were like it was too late to stop so we had to get off and come back around to get her. I don't know the boils. Yeah. Get him. It was so sad. He was
he was on the side of the road. We took him all the way to Georgia.
No.
Uh He was we didn't know what was wrong with him, he was a bit too aggressive with food and stuff because I guess he was starving. Um So we took him to a rescue and I checked the their instagram. He got adopted out. So yeah.
Like
I was
I
didn't even think about it, I hopped out the U. Haul and I was like you don't even know if this dog is going to attack you and I just bit down and he came running at me and I was like I hope you don't bite me. But he was happy. He hopped in the U. S.
Yeah, but we had to get
There was no like stores around so we had to stop at the gas station and get them hot dogs. Uh huh.
All
Gas station hot dogs. Yeah.
No,
I think it was Was it Alabama or I think it was Alabama. Yeah. That's like I don't know why people treat their animals like that.
Yeah. But it seems like with that dog
because
it was not houses or anything around on that road. It seems like someone just dropped them off on the side. And it was so sad because driving on that that road it was just like dead bodies of, you know, like road killing stuff. So we were really emotional. We're like we gotta get him this time. But we look we got him.
That's
crazy.
Like what happens.
I understand, but take them to a shelter or something. Mm hmm.
What?
that's great.
If that's, wow, did they catch the people who left them? There are no.
especially when they're that tiny, everybody wants the kid.
It
um we've had pets throughout my life, but right now I only have a cat. She was,
which is a
so she came from the Atlanta humane society. Um we didn't know much about her. Um but once we got her kind of realize you abused um because they told us that when they brought her to her, brought her to the place um they had put her like to sleep or something, like she wasn't awake. So they were, they were kind of like they don't know what's going on, but when we got her we realized that they had her front paws declawed. Um and she's scared of a lot of stuff like she's scared of people. Uh
he's scared
of brooms, like if you're sweeping and she sees you with the broom she starts running and if you get real close she'll hiss and stuff. Yeah.
and then like if she did something bad and you go towards her she thinks she's gonna hit her like she's flinching and hissing. I'm like no.
But I think she's about nine or 10, we've had her for two years now. Yeah you see
I thought
it was but then I googled it, they say they lived to almost 18 or 20 years, so I guess she was like middle age, this is a picture of her. Uh huh.
So yeah I don't know, some people don't deserve animals.
mm.
I
think so. And and we went over a little bit for the difficulty.
Well.
You two
stay safe.