Hello.
Hi, hang on, let me get my audio a little louder. Do we have the same headphones?
Yeah. Well that's awesome. How's it going? Yeah.
What
do you do if you don't mind me asking?
is that kind of how you found prolific? Just like knowing that it exists and
Tell me.
What?
Well, that's cool. How
long
ago?
Oh, I'm gonna, how long have you been using it? Let's roll with it. Yes.
Okay. I just
found out about about a month ago and it's been kind of fun. It's been kind of all over the map actually, like I'm really amazed at the range of, I don't know what I perceived to be quality of questions. Like speaking of how questions are worded and how surveys are done kind of all over
the map.
Some of the surveys, I can tell people put a lot of thought into and then others. Okay, I had one yesterday that was like, you're going to be paired up with a random person and um you know, you're gonna chat with a team of people who are real, it was so obvious that they were all thoughts. It was kind of wild. Yeah, I'm doing pretty well.
go for
it.
Oh, you go for it. We've got all of 25 minutes. I actually just so you know, I can't see like a timer or anything. I had some trouble
opening up this window, so I'm gonna let you kind of guys away with that.
All
Alright. But yeah, I feel pretty, no doubt what questions do you have for me.
Yeah, it was like, so it was supposed to be a team building exercise or some sort of team brainstorming activity to come up with like a name for pasta or something. Like a new name for pasta. And so you know, I put in my thing and then it was like a team chat and um like you're supposed to provide feedback to the other team members and we did this like three or four times and then they were like little videos in between. But like almost all the time the box were like, that's such a terrible idea. What a stupid name for pasta was so unrealistic. Like clearly no other person participating in that survey would have any incentive to be like
that rude. Yeah.
Yeah.
The
counter
offer
Hammer.
Well
I did have a survey early on when I started using prolific. That was like, I am, I'm pretty sure they were actual real people. Like, I don't know how else. I mean if it was the organ test, like the box past for sure. Um, but there was a cool game, I forget the details, but like it was a lot of coordination. It was, it was a few games where you had to tell people like, oh, you have this piece and you need to put it here and it was, it was so much fun. I like I would have done that one for free. I would have done that like in my spare time just for fun. Yeah,
that's the best one.
It was,
Well
Yeah. I've also had some really, really weird ones where it's just like two questions that are completely random and I can't imagine how anyone would use that kind of data, but I don't know. Yeah, it's
been fun. Especially working from home and having more frequent breaks. I'm I'm an engineer but I'm doing a lot of work from home and it's kind of hit or myth on how much I have going on in the day. So I've just set up an extra laptop when I, you know, and just doing some emails and stuff that doesn't take very long and I'll be a survey pop up and that's that's when I've done a lot of that kind of stuff.
Uh huh.
I saw one pop up last night that was like over an hour and I knew better than to do that one. I don't think
I can
focus
on
a survey for an hour at the time.
I did that today. I watched I'm like such a fan of The Office. Sometimes I just have it in the background like background music but the tv show but yeah.
have my
different levels like I can't listen to music that has lyrics with it when I'm really thinking but I usually have like movie soundtracks on and then there's
the stuff that's just so routine where like I could I could do this while having something on in the background and pay attention to both things so I definitely have those different levels of mental expenditure for my work.
Yeah.
yeah so I actually have a like a biochemist by training and right now I'm in an engineering role but like I do plenty of work in a lab environment with plenty of microorganisms and so sometimes I'll play the contagion soundtrack just to feel super bad ass I heading. Uh huh.
formulation science kind of thing. Um So I I work at an in vitro diagnostics company right now and so
I help support manufacturing of these devices that um you know obviously they can't be contaminated with microorganisms so that's kind of where my biology comes in um but it's like a manufacturing environment, so my title is engineer, so kind of marrying those two things in my current role and I've been there for about a year now, I still feel really new, you
know?
Yeah yeah it feels a lot better than my previous job, my previous job just didn't feel very stable, it didn't really feel meaningful um Yeah I kind of felt like pseudoscience at times so
so I got to ask you what do you think this survey is about?
Oh yeah okay so like this is like a receding survey, like
police.
Go
to a place. That's how I decide.
Like I say
so
Did
you have to take like the facial, So before this I did like the um the survey that was like what do you think this person looks like right now? Like you have to do that every time or is that like a once and done
help?
Come
on.
Or That was like a part 1 to this one for me. I felt terrible doing that. I was like I I just have the emotional intelligence of a goldfish or something.
No.
I had
trouble
distinguishing between like board and upset realize just like blank stares. Yeah.
You know what does sarcastic look like?
Yeah. There were also a couple of definitions that I just like had no idea how to distinguish like excited and enthusiastic or you know there were stuff like that where I was like I think these two things look identical, but maybe there's like another level of social awareness that I just haven't reached yet.
Mhm. I don't know. Yes.
Uh huh. Yeah. So you said that you've spoken to like three or three or I'm your fourth, So he spoke to three other people. Um My husband's also doing this kind of survey too. He had his first conversation on this survey yesterday, I want to say I asked him how it went, so I was like I'm gonna be doing this tomorrow, how did yours go? He was like the person on the other end just like
didn't really want to talk and it was kind of awkward so I was honestly
like bracing for that kind of conversation. But um yeah
I would
have your freedom like.
I guess that's true. Right.
You have.
Well that's
interesting. So I asked my husband what he thought maybe the survey was about or you know what they're trying to get to and he said that he thought maybe it was like they're pairing people of different political beliefs um that was his guests or whatever. And now like you're saying that you like had a conversation with someone much younger than you. Part of me wonders if they're looking at like generational
differences and in emotional intelligence or how people interact with I don't know. I don't
know.
no.
Yeah. My husband has like another one next week. So I guess there they're still cycling through. I don't know. I'm hoping to get like a follow up after this. I was like this is easy Fan. Exactly.
Are you there? Okay.
I
yeah um I just left the room and tried to get a little closer to the router. Let me try. It appeared sorry,
I'm just
heading
out
in the hallway. I've been having some wifi issues were kind of worried about actually, but now that I'm out of this right here, I have a two year old stuff here, blood crashing and things like that. That's probably what that.
Yeah. My first shown, yeah,
we um
we've been having issues with our daycare, not
daycare and not issues. I don't know. We finally made the big compromise to find someone who watches just a couple of kids at a time um and we sent him two days a week and that's kind of our happy compromise with everything that's going on. And just in the past 2.5 weeks we've had to like pull him because there's potential covid stuff and that's just with like
one Lady Who Watches Kids. So it just seems like a challenging time and I'm immuno suppressed. So I'm trying to be really, really cautious about it. Like I definitely don't want to risk it. Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's it's fine. I'm still very, very lucky. Like we both have jobs and all that. Still feeling pretty like, you know, this is just annoying. Trying to keep that perspective. Yeah. How about you? Yeah.
What
not
this
shit
again.
Second.
April 2021. Yeah. We're told him not until 2021, but April is like a pretty definitive months like later
I want.
Let
me help
you.
come on.
I
don't know. I'm a parent and that's been like a huge, that's a huge component of it. Is finding safe. Childcare. No. Do you live alone?
Well, congratulations.
The fighting self. Oh.
There um have you guys been together since pre covid days? In the before time? Okay.
I know.
there's like the covid talk to right? There's like where are you at? Where am I at? That would be like the most awkward. Mm And then if you live with anyone else, like you've got to have that conversation. Yeah, not fine.
yeah, here's the 2021 I guess. Uh across my fingers. Where is the way, what state are you in if you don't mind me asking
them?
No.
yeah. When I got my current job I moved to House but is only like 13 or 14 minutes from my work um I can actually bike there and there's been a really good transition. I used to drive 30 35 minutes each way and I was like that's my car's limit 35 minutes, you know, too much. So I don't know, I kind of don't have a big tolerance for a long commute if I'm working five days a week,
I'm not
All
you would have to stand for an hour sometimes. Oh
my
Yes, I've never lived in a big city.
I'm
in like the rally Durham area in north Carolina and before that I lived in Ohio like rural Ohio, so I never like Durham is the biggest city I've ever lived in.
good place,
I
love it, I love it. Absolutely, it's fantastic here, I'm really into the trees through, I mean I came from Earl Ohio, so it was like corn and soy flat and all the roads were straight like a grid and yeah it's so much more fun here and there's a lot to do. We're like in between the mountains and the ocean so that's fun.
Not like
the weather is nice, that's good place to live. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean I would be like never lock our house or our car just really
mean like Durham is my limit of like I don't think I could live in a more popular and we're on the outskirts too were like right on the fringe between like the rural and suburban part of Durham. So
I
guess I guess maybe a little bit of countries don't I don't know. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah that's understandable. Yeah we keep chickens and um
Yeah like I definitely want eventually they have like a nice little plot a land to do even more gardening chickens and that's kind of my thing, yep.
Yeah I mean we do that anyway, we live right next to a creek and you know like I said we're on we're on the fringe so. Yeah.
Yeah. You have a pest? Okay
we have two cats too.
had a continent. Oh I have been together for like a year. There are is they're they're not like the best of friends that you know they think it exists.
Work it there there.
I got plenty of other stuff I could be working on right now, honestly. So, um I hope that I just hope my survey anything works because I don't when you clicked on the link that it opened a new window or like Okay. All right. Because I all I see right now is the video and I don't have like the hope to get a completion code, I guess I'm hoping.
Well, take care. Nice
meeting you.