morning.
Uh, maybe I cowin or coherent. Nice. Yeah. I bought them at the, um, maybe a month into the pandemic when I realized it was going to be doing a lot of video chats for work.
it's going fine. I decided to take a half day from work today since I didn't have a lot of work. Um, so I
know
yeah, it was survey researcher. I do a lot of support, but I didn't have a lot to do. And so I was like, I might as well take the afternoon off and just do errands and stuff. Yeah.
Um, actually I found out from another person who uses it, but I will say that like a good portion of the reason
I use it is because I want to see how researchers asked questions. So the, it's more like I'm a consultant for other groups and especially with something like covid where else? And a lot of teams
that I worked with her, like we should probably ask questions about this. And so it's good to know how survey researchers are asking questions.
about
you?
How are you doing? Oh
Maybe a year and a half. Yeah.
How?
It's
not
that's good. I'm totally going to nerd out and ask you more about like what kind of surveys that you don't
like
or you do like,
no.
Yeah, I'm just gonna basically eyeball it from the time. Um That's
on my screen. Yeah.
Well you mentioned like it's so clearly a body which is standard um
And
Yeah,
that's interesting. I I did one this week that was it was like also clearly about, but it was more of the like um I think it's called Game Theory. I'm not an economist, but do you know what I'm talking about? Where it's like, yeah. So they had, it's like you're, you're gonna partner up with somebody, we're waiting for people to like get online blah blah blah. It's like, I know no one's actually getting online, but then it's like your partner, oh it was you were buying a laptop secondhand. And so it's like I got assigned the fire and then like the spot was like I'm selling it for this amount. And so I would like come back with a different, you know, number
and
it was like a
***. It's like, yeah, I was like this is clearly
like not fucking to a real person
so
I get
into
like stuff like that. Um Every so often there's like one where it's
like there's two different pictures and you have to choose between pictures and like those are the types of experiments that I really like. Those don't seem more like psych experiments than like public opinion survey research boring. But.
interesting.
Yeah. Really? I definitely do that of like I need a break from other survey research to do this. Uh But
I like part of it is I don't ever want to do like they like that they do like the estimate of like how long it's gonna take them. Like I'm not spending more than a few minutes was like this is just a break for me.
that's
not
for
me.
Yeah I mean I think it's like hard enough to focus on something for eight minutes. Um I mean I am probably the world's worst employee because I have a set up words like my laptop is here and they have like two screens and usually it's like workers onto and then like Now a T. V. Show is on the third or something.
Yeah. I feel like that's what I like is um If it's like music it's harder for me to tune out actually because like then I might want to start dancing or it's like I don't know it processed but if it's like conversations where I can just sort of like to now but I will say um I recently got into like true crime on like they have all these flu shows and so every so often they have to like look because there's like where it is or like they give like a little update. Um And sometimes I'm like I've watched 30 minutes of the show and I have no clue who was murdered or where
it.
No.
Yeah. Yeah I can't read something and like listen to something at the same time, but if it's like short snippets, um my
one of my grad school colleagues gave me advice that she would listen to the last mohican soundtrack because it's like very long and like motivational at parts so it like I would get her like pumped to like do stuff.
what what do you actually do? Like the only other biochem engineering? No, like made shampoos, so Yeah.
No.
Do
you like that?
that's not good.
Oh, so I've actually done this before.
Yeah, you can like
sign up like at the end of this um if they need more people, you can like put in another schedule, so this is my 4th time doing this. Yeah, I'm kind of excited because you're my first female that I've been talking to not to gender, you but also
like
Yeah. The first time I did it like I actually was like is this somebody working for the company? Like I didn't think it was like a real person. Um But like the questions they have after, it was like about your mood and energy and like listening and I think they just do like an analysis of like what we not just what we say, but like maybe
I
movement or Yeah like uh nonverbal
language.
I think I must be once and done because
I don't remember doing that before
and it could
have been just like, it was like months and months ago because the first time I did it was like the beginning of quarantine.
Yeah. Yeah. There was like one where it's like I assume they're smiling because of like how
they're like cheeks would be up and like other ones and like I can't tell if they're like what sort of just like difference between hostile and annoyed. Um There
was
like,
There was one characteristic sarcastic, I was like,
yeah, maybe a blink stater,
Oh uh so this whole like concept is really interesting to me. So before I eventually become a survey researcher, like I was a psych major and um they had like, they would refer to research that people did like around the world To denote like these are like four or 5 emotions that everybody understands and like they all do like the same face for it. So like a researcher in Papua new guinea would like show photos of people and like they'd be like, oh it's like this feeling. Um but like what might be different is like why they felt that feeling. Like they could give like stories about stuff. Um and I found it really fascinating and then I like how it's been fun a little bit. So there was like a tv show called Lie to Me Back 10, 15 years ago that I recently rewatched, but it's like this guy, like he's a psychiatrist or a psychologist and like has studied like nonverbal cues and I can tell when people are lying and he been solves crimes.
so actually it was like really into like the the I exercise because I got to pretend like I was doing so well.
Then
Bernie
well
actually
um now that you're like mantra and like cycling through the people I've talked to your actually the fit. Um the first talk was like really good and I was like, oh I like this person that I was speaking with. The second talk. Oh God it was not bad. They were hard to talk to. I just like um it felt like the first several ones is like you talk about the pandemic and you talk about trump and it was like okay, we're like yeah like that's like what everybody's like small talk is nowadays.
And so like I talked to this dude and it's like okay we're like aligned politically but I do not like you. Um and then the 3rd 1 was like a guy who is also great um maybe had a little bit different politics, but we have like a good combo. And then the fourth person was like this is me being very um he was a baby. He was like, he was 18 a senior in high school and I was like okay. So it wasn't like a bad combo, but it was like, you haven't learned how to speak to people yet because
like you're still a child.
I
interesting.
I
mean it might just be there choosing people that they think would be different from you so that they're like, how do people talk? Uh and like why do you, because I feel like it's they're trying to build a system. Um So I wonder if they're just trying to figure out like how strangers talk because that's what happens and work environments
or something. I don't know. Um I am like curious on this. I was actually kind of pumped when I saw this came up again because I was like, oh, just like they're still researching it. Does that mean they're like they've made improvements and they're testing like something else because I haven't seen it for a while. Um Yeah.
Mhm. Oh if all right you froze are you still there? Well yes. Hello? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah.
I don't know if I
should rely on my page or not.
that's fine.
Maybe that's
what it
does.
Is this your first child?
How's it going? Yeah
you need.
No.
now.
Uh huh.
This is really rough. I'm sorry.
Uh I mean I I feel like for the most part I'm doing fine during the pandemic.
Like I also I'm very lucky
to
still
have my
job. Um And I have a pretty good work life balance.
Uh I think the pandemic showed me that I may be more of an introvert than I thought I was and I cannot imagine going back to my old schedule at all because it's like super social um and very active. And so I think yeah it's like weird because um they like told us last week we don't have to go back into the office until April 2021. Yeah.
Yeah. Well so they were originally there like at
first was like we're shutting down for two weeks, three weeks a couple months, and then they sent january and now they're like reassessing a lot of stuff and they're like okay we don't expect it before. Um like no one is expected to come in before March 30 or 31st or whatever, but they are reassessing like their work from home policy because before they had a very strict no work from home policy. And so um I'm wondering what will happen? Uh they just sent out a survey which I helped write, oh But it involves like how comfortable might
you
be
coming back if you're not comfortable, you know why? And because you know, for a lot of people, like my boss is in his 60s and has asthma and you know, has um like where we're at, he takes public transportation for like an hour and a half to get to our job
or maybe an hour, but you know, it's like that's a really long time to be on public transit uh and like driving and would not be feasible, like would it be it's
not just about like workplace safety but all this other stuff outside of the office.
I actually just moved in with my boyfriend a week ago. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
but I was living alone before and it just meant that I got to spend a lot of time in the same clothes. All
It's up to four times. Um Oh goodness. I can't imagine like starting at um during Covid I have a couple
of friends who like, they were on dating on sites and one of them has just like, she's like, yeah, we like talk for a really long time and then you have to like go on a date, but it's like we can go for a walk because I'm not like I still need to be socially distanced from you because I don't know you. So I don't want to go to like a restaurant and sit down because like the tables aren't socially distanced, so.
It's been nuts. I've had a lot of younger colleagues, like a once they realized we were going to be working from home for longer, like they moved back in with their family so that, you know, they could be closer to their parents and um you know great for them. But also it's like now they're like you have been paying rent on someplace that I don't use for 6 7 months and one of the women just like moved out officially and just like there's no point in having a are met. So okay perhaps such as life it will be interesting. Oh
No
I'm in the D. C. Area so I just moved somewhere else. I was in D. C. Before that's where our offices are.
Which is also why it's like very hard to just drive in for like my boss who lives in Maryland. Um I would never wish that on somebody dealing with the beltway. Uh So. Yeah.
Yeah I when I like first became an adult, I lived way out in Brooklyn and was working in Manhattan and I had a 55 minute
commute. But it
was just at least one train. So it took the same train in which was like nice because like I would it really motivated me to get up early so that I could potentially get a seat on this train and so I could read Bye.
yeah.
Hey, quickly stopped wearing heels to work. Uh
Oh really? Where um if you don't mind my asking, where are
you at?
Mhm. Well that's like part of the research triangle. Right. So go an engineer there. Also chief. Do
you like my family? Oh
sorry.
That's
I'm from.
Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. I will say that like I love going to me. I know it's like still urban ish, but like to me that's like the country and Uh huh. I do love like the idea of like being there, but I don't drive, so I would have a hard time.
No. Uh huh
Thank
you.
I mean like, it's like interesting because like when I travel, it's like, I just want to go to the country. I had a friend from high school that lives more or less in the country and we're talking about vacationing together and we never got to a point where we could decide where dedication because she's like, I want to go to a city and I was like, I want to go to the country. Have a methodist city,
So cool.
Yeah. Or even just like letting your kids play outside.
yeah. Then I get jealous about no yard space for me.
We have two cats.
Yeah. Have they been together long because ours just met a week ago, so. Right.
Okay. I guess that's what I'm aiming for now. It's just a coincidence, just
Yeah. Um So just notice the time it's 5 30 so it's been 25 minutes and Yeah. Did you when I keep talking or get
Uh yeah, there's like another survey part of it takes like 15 minutes. No, no,
it's