SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Something how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: 2 1 man. How are you,
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Pretty good man. I'm a life about the way.
SPEAKER_R: Evan? Pleasure to meet you man. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good man. Is chilling, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Just chilling, surviving covid doing what you can do. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Let's go. Let's going, man,
SPEAKER_R: It's going
SPEAKER_L: what you been up to? Less than that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Not too much, man. I'm a teacher. Uh So I've been I've been pretty busy myself. Uh What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Um Right, well right now I'm unemployed. Just looking for work because of covid um and waiting to get my car fixed. Also I got my partisan today. So I said we're gonna work on that this saturday, get
SPEAKER_R: gossip.
SPEAKER_L: my car fixed like you know, go out there and look for work and
SPEAKER_R: Keep grinding. Right.
SPEAKER_L: you're grounded man. Well
SPEAKER_R: Certainly
SPEAKER_L: what do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: we're good. Uh So actually teach history pretty much your stereotypical. It was a football player. Football in high school and college and then right to uh teaching teaching history and then coaching football. So.
SPEAKER_L: I see your coach as well. It's the high school football awesome. Um
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: Not any of like the video ones really. I was like, you know, I've done like different like ones like this like the basic uh is like you know, what do you think about this company or what do you think about, you know this product or whatever and then but not none to the system. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I've I've done uh I found prolific. What was it? Uh Probably two weeks ago. I was like, man, a at night when I'm not doing anything, I'll take some some studies, some extra money. Because I looked and I don't know if you did this. The was it those surveys you can do like survey junkie and stuff. I was like, yeah, You put in 30 minutes you get paid a buck. I'm like uh I don't know about that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like uh like the swag bucks and all those sites, like where you were just um they'll have you like either download an app or do a survey and you get paid like 23 cents and then you can only redeem their gift cards. But when you see prolific for it looks like we'll pay you like, you
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: be pretty decent like hey yeah, here's five minutes we'll give you like, was it like a dollar, a pound or something? I was like, yeah, that's worth it to me.
SPEAKER_L: so then then it goes straight to your paypal and after you like, um well, you know how you have to wait a couple of days for your stuff to come into people If you do it? I think it's like 3-4 times after that, it becomes instant. So when you cash out, once you get a $5 threshold, er when you cash out, it goes instantly to your paypal.
SPEAKER_R: Really? I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so that like I've been doing it for two months now
SPEAKER_R: I'm cool.
SPEAKER_L: and I think I've made about Let's see if it's impact. I made about £670 so it's like a 10 like mark up because of usd select 65 to $70.
SPEAKER_R: Oh damn man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so I mean you just got to keep on with it, you know just when you're not doing anything just have the tab open or the little browser extension that notifies
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah, I got that word actually. I I think it actually works. I don't know um if you've been using it, have you noticed you get more on your phone or on your computer? I feel it may just be me because I refresh it more on my phone, but I feel like I got more on my phone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's more responsive on the phone because they said uh they said something about them not being able to like update the A. P. I. Of the extension so it's not able to get them in as fast. So like on your phone you're going to get it more because I think they're able to update that more. But I mean people swipe them up pretty fast though like once that notification heads I'll click it and it'll be like, you know, five places remaining and then I'll click it and I'll it will finally load up and I'll be like several places remaining. But yeah, I mean I like it. I mean for the price that we're getting for this just for a 25 minute, I mean it's like 1750 but $20
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: total. So I mean it's pretty good extra money. I mean it's good to do when you know, I'm on my computer most of time anyway. So.
SPEAKER_R: Gosha. What what kind of work are you looking to get into?
SPEAKER_L: Well I recently went to uh I just graduated from college. Like
SPEAKER_R: Oh, congrats, man. That's
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: huge.
SPEAKER_L: you, graduated in my associates in May and cybersecurity networking. So I'm looking to get, you know this entry level work right now just for something to start off with because I have a job opening. I live near an Air Force base and they have a bunch of cyber security stuff there that they have openings for. But they want to work on an Air force base for any government job. You need to get your security plus certification And that's a $400 certification.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that you have to pay for yourself.
SPEAKER_L: You pay for it and then you have to go take the test if you don't pass, Your
SPEAKER_R: That's just
SPEAKER_L: $400 is gone, you know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so well for you I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So like when I'm planning on doing is working and then study for down the side, get there and then you know move on to that and hopefully do that. Um Where are you from? Like state was
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I'm happy to talk about that. So I actually live right in downtown boston.
SPEAKER_L: uh my family used to live in boston. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in south Carolina. Yeah not the best state but I mean it's is there? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: you're getting out. Isn't there
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: some inclement weather in the area right. Recently?
SPEAKER_L: around Louisiana. There was so we were getting rain bands from that but a while while. Okay I think a couple months ago we had a pretty close call with a tropical storm. You know it knocked out power for a good while but nothing too bad. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Me. I am 24. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: 22
SPEAKER_R: 22 Prime and Young Man.
SPEAKER_L: man. I don't feel don't feel like it.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I trust me. I know. Covid hit me like a ton of bricks because I'm more of a social butterfly person and uh Being stuck inside all the time definitely was a change. It's like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: bringing
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: me back, brings me back to when I was like uh you know 13? I was like playing World Warcraft all the time. Like now I'm like a 13 year old, me would've been loved this. But
SPEAKER_L: What I'm saying
SPEAKER_R: now,
SPEAKER_L: like like when it's like I'm in my prime, like I'm supposed to be going out, you know parties and clubs and all that in bars.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Pop and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but no, I got to stay inside but I've I've left like a couple of times I went to like a party here and there and luckily they haven't got it yet and I'm hoping I'm hoping to keep it that way. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's good, man. Is there somewhere supposed to talk about it? We're just like freestyle. Talking.
SPEAKER_L: They they said just talk about whatever you want.
SPEAKER_R: Well shit. All right. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do Fun man with especially with everything with Covid going on, We just talked about you have to stand. But
SPEAKER_L: Video games.
SPEAKER_R: what do you play? Let's talk about that.
SPEAKER_L: Well um I play right now, I'm playing I play CS go a lot and I play Valerie obviously is the big thing right now, but I've been trying to find, I mean, it's hard to find a good MMO or something, you know, dive into right now.
SPEAKER_R: Are you a wild guy? I know,
SPEAKER_L: I was way back when and like my middle school days, but I just couldn't, you know, as high school came around, you just don't have time for, you know that anymore. Like to like, you know, go and raise every week and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Like having a job, right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. It is, it's crazy like there's, there's people that are like in like 25, years old And they're like, yeah, athlete, like 40 hours a week. I'm like, how do you work and play
SPEAKER_R: you're a
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: streamer,
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: right? But all those streams, there's only so many of them, right? You know?
SPEAKER_L: It's such a saturated market that if you can't, you're not really gonna get exposure, especially wow is not the biggest game on twitch or anything right now. What? So like if you go and try to stream that, you're not gonna get nowhere, really? At least in my opinion.
SPEAKER_R: No, I I don't I don't disagree with you whatsoever. I mean, I think like you probably wasn't like add some gold is like the one big streamer and then it's everyone after him, Right? So,
SPEAKER_L: So, and that's like, and that's the game comes out and you're able to get like hop into that game immediately and then have that flavor base follow you with that, then you're years done like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: ninja right? With Fortnite
SPEAKER_L: Uh he hopped up like, of course he had like H one Z one and all that before, but right when Fortnite come out, he hopped right onto it and
SPEAKER_R: Came
SPEAKER_L: got jim
SPEAKER_R: Good pants.
SPEAKER_L: mean? Oh, it's like you got to follow this trend like with everybody with Tiktok, like talking about this, you know, a whole new wave of creator content creators came home with that. So like unless you're, you're able to hop into that trend early and capitalize off of it. It's, the internet is crazy, man. This is so much happened so fast. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, Absolutely. Because what is it? Uh I I don't I don't know, it's your status mr beast north Carolina, South Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: I thank you some north Carolina last time I checked. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Because like kid like him who's just pretty, I think he's your age, right? And he's just does his videos while you give away an island or something like that. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Give, give him, give him my test. Let's get away $10,000 here. And I don't even know like, I
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: don't even know how he ended up. Like I don't know what he started with because like he had to get that money from somewhere and
SPEAKER_R: I always
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: throw it off doing junk. I'm sorry for interrupting man.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's fine. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I know he did uh he would do stuff like read the dictionary like front, front to back, like boring stuff. Foreign challenges.
SPEAKER_L: So then eventually sponsors followed and then that's when he was able to do. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I didn't encounter like 10,000 or something once.
SPEAKER_R: I think you did. I think you're right.
SPEAKER_L: Lord, I cannot of a sudden there's 1123
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Make it $2,000. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I can't do this somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: I can't do this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: 1000 would be a feat in itself really if you think about it. So, so you coach football, right? So do you follow any teams like college or NFL
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I'm definitely uh I'm kind of a fake Pats
SPEAKER_L: one? Oh,
SPEAKER_R: So I was I mean I was born in California, right? So I'm a raider fan myself, but I mean I kinda have to patriots fan and what? They won six titles since I've been here. So, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I mean I've always been a uh well, I mean, obviously a panthers fan because that's how it usually goes, like where your environment influences you a lot with that stuff. Like my dad was a panthers fan, so you know, I'm a panthers fan, my dad
SPEAKER_R: Mike,
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: I was a Raiders fan. Exactly the same thing.
SPEAKER_L: So my my dad's a Gamecocks fan, I'm a gamecock fan, unfortunately, we're not doing too well this year,
SPEAKER_R: Where'd you go to school, man?
SPEAKER_L: I went to a local college here in my town, I thought I wanted to go to USC Columbia. Uh Yeah, I wanted to go there, but money, money is a big factor in that.
SPEAKER_R: No, absolutely. I call it expensive. It's crazy
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of I'm kind of glad I didn't go because uh for if it would have been a four year college, so Covid would've hit right when I was in my fourth year, so that would everyone have been fun.
SPEAKER_R: and then ruined your whole experience. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean what I've got three years in But,
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah. Right. When you're supposed to having fun though, like you're finally because your your artist here is like, you're at least for me, like my heart is he was my junior year. Um and then senior, I was on Easy Street, like I just had
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: to knock out my last few credits. Right,
SPEAKER_L: and yeah that's how it is like in high school too like you got you got your three years and then fresh from your cruising to graduation pretty much which is you know but what can you do? Covid hit out of nowhere. I remember when uh remember when Covid first said china though and yeah you know I saw it on CNN and I was just looking at it I was like another another foreign virus another foreign illness whatever. You know I lived through H. One N. One an Ebola so I was like well it's just another a bullet didn't affect us too bad. H. One N. One didn't affect us to that. And the next thing I know I hear you know
SPEAKER_R: People are dying left and Right.
SPEAKER_L: new york's on lockdown, I'm like okay well that's weird and then it's a pandemic now and then everything goes on quarantine and look at us now a couple of months later, we're still in it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. I'm not seeing political, I mean, but especially like when the president got it right. I mean, I woke up a lot of people who are trying to be like
SPEAKER_L: Us
SPEAKER_R: had the blind or so on.
SPEAKER_L: yeah trying to say it's fake or something like that because I didn't affect them. Something like that then affect me, so why should I care? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Like a world Montana for example, Like, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like what if people do in rural Montana Farm and and they're all and they're only like around their family with the time so and there are conservative state probably so conservatives love to I don't know now they get political but.
SPEAKER_R: No man, you know, I, so here's things. So I, I had a, I got a political science here. You're happy to talk politics you want. I just know some people find it really, really delicate.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I mean I'm always done to all politics as long as you know I like to keep it simple with people because
SPEAKER_R: of course. Of course.
SPEAKER_L: because there's no reason to argue because the whole thing about politics is you're supposed to see the other side as well. Like if you're one sided with the whole time, you're never gonna get anything solved in my opinion. But like once, you know, once the most powerful person in the country ends up contracting the virus, Yeah, you're like, that's gonna make you up,
SPEAKER_R: No, it's absolutely going to wake you up. I mean it's, I don't know, it's frustrating. Uh, I mean I kind of had an idea was, I'm more take caution. So, I mean, I was one of those people, I didn't buy 20,000 packs of toilet paper, but
SPEAKER_L: Thousands.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely bought some extra Campbell soups and hey, man, if we're not able to get out, like I'll do
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: what I can do. But I, at first, I mean I was one of those people like, oh, this just sounds like pneumonia, but with a kill switch, if you are really bad was like, oh no, this shit serious man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's it's so crazy how it affects people so differently. Like my my sister goes to a private school down the road, right? Because because she has a peanut allergy and all that and they're like peanut free. But her school got one of their staff members got it. So they closed down the school for two weeks. So then my sister comes home and she's like, I feel nauseous, blah blah blah. You know, I don't feel good. Body shows. I'm like, okay, well, you know, let's put her in the room quarantine or let's all try to stay. I was like when I went in my room to go get like something to drink or something eat, I'd put on the mask just to make sure for like for the two weeks that she was wanting. And then one day, the next day she wakes up and she's feeling fine. We don't even know if she had because we didn't want to go get her tested and end up her actually getting it. Because like for certain people, they won't, you know, for kids, they won't let them get a free test, you have to go get diagnosed. So they're like, oh we thank you have it will get you tested. But if now we're not going to test you.
SPEAKER_R: you can't just walk in and do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, then we'll let him do it. So, so you know, you got to take her to the actual like doctor and then what if a kid has it in the waiting room? Then you got it. So who knows man? And then my mom's friend, her dad had and she had and she had not, my mom and her friend and her friend had him out favor maybe a cough and then body chose for like a week. And the next day she was our public, she was fine. Her dad felt like he was dying. So like it's so, it's so crazy. And then we got the CDC telling people it could be a blood virus that can be a respiratory virus. It could be like, you know, just like the flu or it could be a whole new thing. So crazy powers.
SPEAKER_R: No, it is. It is. I mean, I'm a huge wear a mask. I mean like our football season got canceled, right? I mean, but just like, I just don't get it man, like wear a mask, the art, like people in europe and Asia, they were wearing masks if they're sick, like it's slipping a deal. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then they're like, oh, I don't want to wear a mask. But then you tell people to like what was the example that some people said? Okay I can remember the example to be exact but it's just a mask that you just put it on walking to the store to get your things in relief.
SPEAKER_R: Those are the people who are like, oh yeah, I'm not gonna wear a seatbelt live for you and I like,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah like
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's not infringing on your freedom like it's just for the safety of others
SPEAKER_R: it's a public safety thing. Right.
SPEAKER_L: but here you won't want somebody to like uh drunk drive right? So they do you tell people not the drunk driver for the safety of others and yourself? So we're telling people to wear a mask for the safety of others and yourself it's not like it's gonna last forever. You wear a mask and you get through it like a couple months that everybody's wearing a mask.
SPEAKER_R: We could be on the decline by now. I mean how china is already on the decline, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like Canada hasn't had cases for like the last month. Well they had cases but devin had like a uptick in cases and now they're saying the U. S. Is going back up
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: because everybody is getting complicit I guess you could say.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like I, I don't know man, I so I went to U. W. Madison and oh, Like looking at Wisconsin, are they like 20% positive test straight right now? You gotta be kidding? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy because I live in a very conservative state being being on the bible though, you know north Carolina through Georgia or florida all the way to what is it like west Virginia is like the bible belt So you know they're all going to vote red when it comes November 3rd. So a lot of people here aren't wearing masks saying we're going back up what?
SPEAKER_R: don't know. I live in a very liberal state, like the commonwealth massachusetts, really liberal, but I guess, and I'll poke out a little bit. Like something that frustrates me is looking at our ginormous, not arch enormous, but the republican party is ginormous rush to fill in our BgC, right? With Amy coney Barrett. And it's like if you would care this much about stopping
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: covid, look man, I would almost be willing to like give you the court if there wasn't so many implications that came with that. Right. But I would understand where you're coming from. But to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: make
SPEAKER_L: am.
SPEAKER_R: this your focus like was it Ted Cruz recently said something on on live tv like oh yeah, the americans I talked to in texas like this is their number one concern like who are you talking to? I don't get it like this. This is my concern. It sounds like it's awards do I? I don't want to scare you, but
SPEAKER_L: We have over like 250,000 people dead and you're saying you're saying their major concern is like oh fill that seat right? No like if that can wait like I don't even care like if they if like if trump won the election right? God forbid uh
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: trump wins the election and he wants to fill a seat fine. You won the election. He can do it. It can wait until after election. The election is like what like 23 days away, 24 days away or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's on the third.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like like it couldn't wait. Like today is like the last day that she had her like court in front of the um
SPEAKER_R: Her
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: confirmation. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So like so like does she get put in like right after like you said it and take a while?
SPEAKER_R: Uh You can force it really quick. I mean it's just a matter of uh make sure the votes are there for confirmation.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So since republicans control the senate, I mean, it's going to be fast. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Now like I I consider myself like a moderate person like right in the middle. I obviously I lean democratic sometimes
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: but the whole thing that's happening today was nancy Pelosi when all CNN talking about uh trump
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: wants to push stimulus checks for like airports, hotels and he wants to give the people their stimulus checks. But nancy Pelosi will not budge Unless we get like a whole bill of like what they want. Republicans want like 2.2 trillion. And Nancy Pelosi wants like 3.5 or 2.2.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For two separate things. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And so like why won't she just let the people get their stimulus checks? But
SPEAKER_R: Everything is political. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: what I'm saying. She doesn't want she wants to make trump look worse. I mean of course he looks bad. We know that already. But she's trying to make it to where he just looks like the worst person in the world when really she's holding up people from getting food because they need a stimulus check or you know living in homeless shelters right now because they can't pay the rent. So it's just it's just crazy man. It's all political when we're in a life or death situation basically.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah. Elijah. I couldn't disagree with. I couldn't agree with you more. Excuse me. I just don't understand it. I mean, I look at so many people politically, I want to say I'm acquaintances with a lot of very strong republicans, but their desire to win at the cost. Winning is all that matters like vote red, vote red. And I've been very open be like, look like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I'm, I'm voting for joe biden. Like I'm sorry. It's just too I support and they say, oh well what do you mean we're going to lose? You can't lose. Oh, like, well I believe he's going to do what's best for the rest of the country. This idea of like, it's almost like sports for me where people are rooting on a team. Like I'm rooting on the democrats and the republicans. I just want to win like it's fun, I want to win. This has been knew that seemed like 2016 when Donald Trump got so many people involved in politics that otherwise weren't. And I'm trying to better understand because just like you articulately said The stimulus checks can help people like 1200 bucks. I mean shit, that's that's my rent, right? So I I don't understand why we're holding each other back for the sake of making each other look bad, right?
SPEAKER_L: That's what I'm saying. Like you look at trump trump was like oh I'm going to tweet it out, I'm going to wait until after election before we pushed in your face. But then now a couple of days ago he's like no we're gonna wait, we're gonna do it before the election. If you think about it, it doesn't matter like either way I mean he wants to win, right?
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: And he's a nurse, a 6th person wants everything that
SPEAKER_R: He wants his golden chair, he wants to throw. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So if you think about it honestly, if he pushes the stimulus checks and get them out before the election, you're
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: looks good.
SPEAKER_L: you're gonna flip a bunch of people. I mean not personally not me, you're not gonna flip me but that person down the road that's like oh I don't know what I want to do.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know where my next meal's coming from. Uncle Donny just wrote me a check for $1,200.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so I'm gonna vote for Uncle Donny, like um but like it's just so crazy like because if you look at the Obama may not written on a mitt Romney election, I've never seen anybody right? For lack of a better term ride. Donald trump, I ride for donald trump more like more than any other election. Like I didn't see people wearing red hats and mitt Romney hats going out and protesting, you know, I'm saying
SPEAKER_R: true
SPEAKER_L: during
SPEAKER_R: Fan
SPEAKER_L: the Obama election, of course, we had people voting for Obama and like, hey, I'm going to vote for Obama and then people were like, oh you shouldn't vote for Obama, I'm gonna vote for mitt. But people were now they're like, oh you're voting for uh down, you're voting for joe biden, he's a pedophile, you know? Or
SPEAKER_R: Isn't it like wearing a jersey man? Kind of humanist?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you weren't like if
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're going to the wrong stadium you like bro, I can't wear that, you know what I mean there?
SPEAKER_L: It's like, it's like sports teams now, It's crazy. Like I've never like I've seen more people get into fistfights over politics and I've seen people get over fist fights.
SPEAKER_R: Or sports?
SPEAKER_L: I was forced recently. Yeah. I've had people like make make friendly bets uh uh and shake hands at the end of a sports game. And
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: but then when it comes to an election making that's over election, they're willing to like kill that person basically. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Actually I'm actually looked at what that is.
SPEAKER_L: come in, wow. Right. Uh Yeah. And do anything for money or hood. You could have told me you should have a sign on your door, honey. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that was awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Is that your sibling?
SPEAKER_L: it was my little sister. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy, man. That's
SPEAKER_R: So what are you, what are your hopes? I guess we can kinda close it out. Here, we go for a minute or two. Um So what are your hopes? What do you want? 2021 to look like? So I just want to make sure like I was like I was listening to you. Uh she graduated, you have your associates now in cybersecurity, really looking to uh um take that test, so it's gonna be four in the bucks. Try to hopefully get work the air force base, but you have to pass that exam and really just that you're looking forward to the future and hoping people wise up about politics and covid does that
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: kind of,
SPEAKER_L: you Yes, that is that is my hopes for 20. I mean, I'm hoping Covid will actually will actually get a vaccine for Covid and start on that track too. You know, move that vaccine. I mean, hopefully it's a safe vaccine. But move that vaccine, get the health care workers their vaccine first. You know, get the main people that need a grocery store worker, the main people that are essentials.
SPEAKER_R: Essential workers? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Get get our central
SPEAKER_R: nurses.
SPEAKER_L: worker, Get them all vaccinated and then move on to the general public by the mid by mid 2021. Hopefully. Um, obviously get to get work. Um, yeah, I'm hoping whoever wins because we don't, you know, we can't really call for certain whoever wins that they do what's good for the people and not for themselves.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, Elijah was a pleasure to meet you man.
SPEAKER_L: We're splitting Me too, man. I had I'm glad we could have this talk.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, this was, this was straightforward. Hey, I do this every night. If uh, 17 bucks, let's go.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it was it was very enlightening to hear somebody that's, you know, a couple of states away. They're they're what they're experiencing as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely, man, we'll stay safe. Best of luck with
SPEAKER_L: sir.
SPEAKER_R: the exam if you take it. And uh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's why I continue to. Hopefully your football season has started
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: back up
SPEAKER_R: don't think next year,
SPEAKER_L: next
SPEAKER_R: man, next year, I'm
SPEAKER_L: year.
SPEAKER_R: just like, yeah, next
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: year.
SPEAKER_L: go for that state championship man.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, thanks brother. You ever going out
SPEAKER_L: All right, yes. Human
SPEAKER_R: peace?