Mhm. Something how you doing?
Pretty good. Pretty good man. I'm a life about the way.
Pretty good man. Is chilling, you know?
Let's go. Let's going, man,
what you been up to? Less than that?
Um Right, well right now I'm unemployed. Just looking for work because of covid um and waiting to get my car fixed. Also I got my partisan today. So I said we're gonna work on that this saturday, get
my car fixed like you know, go out there and look for work and
you're grounded man. Well
what do you teach?
I see your coach as well. It's the high school football awesome. Um
Not any of like the video ones really. I was like, you know, I've done like different like ones like this like the basic uh is like you know, what do you think about this company or what do you think about, you know this product or whatever and then but not none to the system. What about yourself?
Yeah. Like uh like the swag bucks and all those sites, like where you were just um they'll have you like either download an app or do a survey and you get paid like 23 cents and then you can only redeem their gift cards. But when you see prolific for it looks like we'll pay you like, you
know.
so then then it goes straight to your paypal and after you like, um well, you know how you have to wait a couple of days for your stuff to come into people If you do it? I think it's like 3-4 times after that, it becomes instant. So when you cash out, once you get a $5 threshold, er when you cash out, it goes instantly to your paypal.
Yeah, so that like I've been doing it for two months now
and I think I've made about Let's see if it's impact. I made about £670 so it's like a 10 like mark up because of usd select 65 to $70.
Yeah so I mean you just got to keep on with it, you know just when you're not doing anything just have the tab open or the little browser extension that notifies
you.
Yeah. I think it's more responsive on the phone because they said uh they said something about them not being able to like update the A. P. I. Of the extension so it's not able to get them in as fast. So like on your phone you're going to get it more because I think they're able to update that more. But I mean people swipe them up pretty fast though like once that notification heads I'll click it and it'll be like, you know, five places remaining and then I'll click it and I'll it will finally load up and I'll be like several places remaining. But yeah, I mean I like it. I mean for the price that we're getting for this just for a 25 minute, I mean it's like 1750 but $20
total. So I mean it's pretty good extra money. I mean it's good to do when you know, I'm on my computer most of time anyway. So.
Well I recently went to uh I just graduated from college. Like
thank
you, graduated in my associates in May and cybersecurity networking. So I'm looking to get, you know this entry level work right now just for something to start off with because I have a job opening. I live near an Air Force base and they have a bunch of cyber security stuff there that they have openings for. But they want to work on an Air force base for any government job. You need to get your security plus certification And that's a $400 certification.
You pay for it and then you have to go take the test if you don't pass, Your
$400 is gone, you know.
Mhm. So like when I'm planning on doing is working and then study for down the side, get there and then you know move on to that and hopefully do that. Um Where are you from? Like state was
uh my family used to live in boston. Mhm.
I'm in south Carolina. Yeah not the best state but I mean it's is there? Yeah
you
are
around Louisiana. There was so we were getting rain bands from that but a while while. Okay I think a couple months ago we had a pretty close call with a tropical storm. You know it knocked out power for a good while but nothing too bad. How are you?
22
man. I don't feel don't feel like it.
No,
no.
What I'm saying
like like when it's like I'm in my prime, like I'm supposed to be going out, you know parties and clubs and all that in bars.
Yeah but no, I got to stay inside but I've I've left like a couple of times I went to like a party here and there and luckily they haven't got it yet and I'm hoping I'm hoping to keep it that way. Uh huh.
They they said just talk about whatever you want.
No.
Video games.
Well um I play right now, I'm playing I play CS go a lot and I play Valerie obviously is the big thing right now, but I've been trying to find, I mean, it's hard to find a good MMO or something, you know, dive into right now.
I was way back when and like my middle school days, but I just couldn't, you know, as high school came around, you just don't have time for, you know that anymore. Like to like, you know, go and raise every week and yeah,
yeah. It is, it's crazy like there's, there's people that are like in like 25, years old And they're like, yeah, athlete, like 40 hours a week. I'm like, how do you work and play
for
you?
It's such a saturated market that if you can't, you're not really gonna get exposure, especially wow is not the biggest game on twitch or anything right now. What? So like if you go and try to stream that, you're not gonna get nowhere, really? At least in my opinion.
So, and that's like, and that's the game comes out and you're able to get like hop into that game immediately and then have that flavor base follow you with that, then you're years done like
there.
Uh he hopped up like, of course he had like H one Z one and all that before, but right when Fortnite come out, he hopped right onto it and
got jim
mean? Oh, it's like you got to follow this trend like with everybody with Tiktok, like talking about this, you know, a whole new wave of creator content creators came home with that. So like unless you're, you're able to hop into that trend early and capitalize off of it. It's, the internet is crazy, man. This is so much happened so fast. Mhm.
I thank you some north Carolina last time I checked. Oh.
Give, give him, give him my test. Let's get away $10,000 here. And I don't even know like, I
don't even know how he ended up. Like I don't know what he started with because like he had to get that money from somewhere and
then
no, it's fine. Right.
So then eventually sponsors followed and then that's when he was able to do. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. I didn't encounter like 10,000 or something once.
Lord, I cannot of a sudden there's 1123
I can't do this somewhere.
1000 would be a feat in itself really if you think about it. So, so you coach football, right? So do you follow any teams like college or NFL
one? Oh,
I mean, I mean I've always been a uh well, I mean, obviously a panthers fan because that's how it usually goes, like where your environment influences you a lot with that stuff. Like my dad was a panthers fan, so you know, I'm a panthers fan, my dad
would
So my my dad's a Gamecocks fan, I'm a gamecock fan, unfortunately, we're not doing too well this year,
I went to a local college here in my town, I thought I wanted to go to USC Columbia. Uh Yeah, I wanted to go there, but money, money is a big factor in that.
I'm kind of I'm kind of glad I didn't go because uh for if it would have been a four year college, so Covid would've hit right when I was in my fourth year, so that would everyone have been fun.
mean what I've got three years in But,
No
and yeah that's how it is like in high school too like you got you got your three years and then fresh from your cruising to graduation pretty much which is you know but what can you do? Covid hit out of nowhere. I remember when uh remember when Covid first said china though and yeah you know I saw it on CNN and I was just looking at it I was like another another foreign virus another foreign illness whatever. You know I lived through H. One N. One an Ebola so I was like well it's just another a bullet didn't affect us too bad. H. One N. One didn't affect us to that. And the next thing I know I hear you know
new york's on lockdown, I'm like okay well that's weird and then it's a pandemic now and then everything goes on quarantine and look at us now a couple of months later, we're still in it.
Us
yeah trying to say it's fake or something like that because I didn't affect them. Something like that then affect me, so why should I care? Okay.
Yeah like what if people do in rural Montana Farm and and they're all and they're only like around their family with the time so and there are conservative state probably so conservatives love to I don't know now they get political but.
Oh yeah I mean I'm always done to all politics as long as you know I like to keep it simple with people because
because there's no reason to argue because the whole thing about politics is you're supposed to see the other side as well. Like if you're one sided with the whole time, you're never gonna get anything solved in my opinion. But like once, you know, once the most powerful person in the country ends up contracting the virus, Yeah, you're like, that's gonna make you up,
Thousands.
What?
Yeah. And it's it's so crazy how it affects people so differently. Like my my sister goes to a private school down the road, right? Because because she has a peanut allergy and all that and they're like peanut free. But her school got one of their staff members got it. So they closed down the school for two weeks. So then my sister comes home and she's like, I feel nauseous, blah blah blah. You know, I don't feel good. Body shows. I'm like, okay, well, you know, let's put her in the room quarantine or let's all try to stay. I was like when I went in my room to go get like something to drink or something eat, I'd put on the mask just to make sure for like for the two weeks that she was wanting. And then one day, the next day she wakes up and she's feeling fine. We don't even know if she had because we didn't want to go get her tested and end up her actually getting it. Because like for certain people, they won't, you know, for kids, they won't let them get a free test, you have to go get diagnosed. So they're like, oh we thank you have it will get you tested. But if now we're not going to test you.
Yeah, then we'll let him do it. So, so you know, you got to take her to the actual like doctor and then what if a kid has it in the waiting room? Then you got it. So who knows man? And then my mom's friend, her dad had and she had and she had not, my mom and her friend and her friend had him out favor maybe a cough and then body chose for like a week. And the next day she was our public, she was fine. Her dad felt like he was dying. So like it's so, it's so crazy. And then we got the CDC telling people it could be a blood virus that can be a respiratory virus. It could be like, you know, just like the flu or it could be a whole new thing. So crazy powers.
Yeah. And then they're like, oh, I don't want to wear a mask. But then you tell people to like what was the example that some people said? Okay I can remember the example to be exact but it's just a mask that you just put it on walking to the store to get your things in relief.
Thank you. Yeah like
it's not infringing on your freedom like it's just for the safety of others
but here you won't want somebody to like uh drunk drive right? So they do you tell people not the drunk driver for the safety of others and yourself? So we're telling people to wear a mask for the safety of others and yourself it's not like it's gonna last forever. You wear a mask and you get through it like a couple months that everybody's wearing a mask.
Yeah like Canada hasn't had cases for like the last month. Well they had cases but devin had like a uptick in cases and now they're saying the U. S. Is going back up
because everybody is getting complicit I guess you could say.
it's crazy because I live in a very conservative state being being on the bible though, you know north Carolina through Georgia or florida all the way to what is it like west Virginia is like the bible belt So you know they're all going to vote red when it comes November 3rd. So a lot of people here aren't wearing masks saying we're going back up what?
No.
I
am.
We have over like 250,000 people dead and you're saying you're saying their major concern is like oh fill that seat right? No like if that can wait like I don't even care like if they if like if trump won the election right? God forbid uh
trump wins the election and he wants to fill a seat fine. You won the election. He can do it. It can wait until after election. The election is like what like 23 days away, 24 days away or something like that.
Yeah. So like like it couldn't wait. Like today is like the last day that she had her like court in front of the um
the
So like so like does she get put in like right after like you said it and take a while?
No.
Now like I I consider myself like a moderate person like right in the middle. I obviously I lean democratic sometimes
but the whole thing that's happening today was nancy Pelosi when all CNN talking about uh trump
wants to push stimulus checks for like airports, hotels and he wants to give the people their stimulus checks. But nancy Pelosi will not budge Unless we get like a whole bill of like what they want. Republicans want like 2.2 trillion. And Nancy Pelosi wants like 3.5 or 2.2.
Yeah. And so like why won't she just let the people get their stimulus checks? But
that's
what I'm saying. She doesn't want she wants to make trump look worse. I mean of course he looks bad. We know that already. But she's trying to make it to where he just looks like the worst person in the world when really she's holding up people from getting food because they need a stimulus check or you know living in homeless shelters right now because they can't pay the rent. So it's just it's just crazy man. It's all political when we're in a life or death situation basically.
No.
That's what I'm saying. Like you look at trump trump was like oh I'm going to tweet it out, I'm going to wait until after election before we pushed in your face. But then now a couple of days ago he's like no we're gonna wait, we're gonna do it before the election. If you think about it, it doesn't matter like either way I mean he wants to win, right?
And he's a nurse, a 6th person wants everything that
So if you think about it honestly, if he pushes the stimulus checks and get them out before the election, you're
gonna
you're gonna flip a bunch of people. I mean not personally not me, you're not gonna flip me but that person down the road that's like oh I don't know what I want to do.
Yeah so I'm gonna vote for Uncle Donny, like um but like it's just so crazy like because if you look at the Obama may not written on a mitt Romney election, I've never seen anybody right? For lack of a better term ride. Donald trump, I ride for donald trump more like more than any other election. Like I didn't see people wearing red hats and mitt Romney hats going out and protesting, you know, I'm saying
during
the Obama election, of course, we had people voting for Obama and like, hey, I'm going to vote for Obama and then people were like, oh you shouldn't vote for Obama, I'm gonna vote for mitt. But people were now they're like, oh you're voting for uh down, you're voting for joe biden, he's a pedophile, you know? Or
yeah, you weren't like if
It's like, it's like sports teams now, It's crazy. Like I've never like I've seen more people get into fistfights over politics and I've seen people get over fist fights.
I was forced recently. Yeah. I've had people like make make friendly bets uh uh and shake hands at the end of a sports game. And
but then when it comes to an election making that's over election, they're willing to like kill that person basically. Okay,
come in, wow. Right. Uh Yeah. And do anything for money or hood. You could have told me you should have a sign on your door, honey. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean,
it was my little sister. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy, man. That's
so
you Yes, that is that is my hopes for 20. I mean, I'm hoping Covid will actually will actually get a vaccine for Covid and start on that track too. You know, move that vaccine. I mean, hopefully it's a safe vaccine. But move that vaccine, get the health care workers their vaccine first. You know, get the main people that need a grocery store worker, the main people that are essentials.
Get get our central
worker, Get them all vaccinated and then move on to the general public by the mid by mid 2021. Hopefully. Um, obviously get to get work. Um, yeah, I'm hoping whoever wins because we don't, you know, we can't really call for certain whoever wins that they do what's good for the people and not for themselves.
We're splitting Me too, man. I had I'm glad we could have this talk.
I mean, it was it was very enlightening to hear somebody that's, you know, a couple of states away. They're they're what they're experiencing as well.
sir.
Yeah. That's why I continue to. Hopefully your football season has started
back up
next
year.
Hey,
go for that state championship man.
All right, yes. Human