2 1 man. How are you,
Evan? Pleasure to meet you man. How are you?
Just chilling, surviving covid doing what you can do. Okay.
It's going
Uh Not too much, man. I'm a teacher. Uh So I've been I've been pretty busy myself. Uh What about yourself?
gossip.
Keep grinding. Right.
Certainly
we're good. Uh So actually teach history pretty much your stereotypical. It was a football player. Football in high school and college and then right to uh teaching teaching history and then coaching football. So.
Have you ever done one of these before?
Yeah. No, I've I've done uh I found prolific. What was it? Uh Probably two weeks ago. I was like, man, a at night when I'm not doing anything, I'll take some some studies, some extra money. Because I looked and I don't know if you did this. The was it those surveys you can do like survey junkie and stuff. I was like, yeah, You put in 30 minutes you get paid a buck. I'm like uh I don't know about that.
We'll
be pretty decent like hey yeah, here's five minutes we'll give you like, was it like a dollar, a pound or something? I was like, yeah, that's worth it to me.
Really? I didn't know that.
I'm cool.
Oh damn man.
I like
that. Yeah, I got that word actually. I I think it actually works. I don't know um if you've been using it, have you noticed you get more on your phone or on your computer? I feel it may just be me because I refresh it more on my phone, but I feel like I got more on my phone.
Absolutely.
Gosha. What what kind of work are you looking to get into?
Oh, congrats, man. That's
huge.
Oh, that you have to pay for yourself.
That's just
yeah, so well for you I guess.
Yeah, no, I'm happy to talk about that. So I actually live right in downtown boston.
What about yourself?
you're getting out. Isn't there
some
some inclement weather in the area right. Recently?
Me. I am 24. What about yourself?
22 Prime and Young Man.
I know, I trust me. I know. Covid hit me like a ton of bricks because I'm more of a social butterfly person and uh Being stuck inside all the time definitely was a change. It's like
bringing
me back, brings me back to when I was like uh you know 13? I was like playing World Warcraft all the time. Like now I'm like a 13 year old, me would've been loved this. But
now,
Really? Pop and stuff. Yeah.
No, it's good, man. Is there somewhere supposed to talk about it? We're just like freestyle. Talking.
Well shit. All right. Um
So what do you do Fun man with especially with everything with Covid going on, We just talked about you have to stand. But
what do you play? Let's talk about that.
Are you a wild guy? I know,
Like having a job, right?
you're a
streamer,
right? But all those streams, there's only so many of them, right? You know?
No, I I don't I don't disagree with you whatsoever. I mean, I think like you probably wasn't like add some gold is like the one big streamer and then it's everyone after him, Right? So,
like
ninja right? With Fortnite
Came
Good pants.
Yeah. No, Absolutely. Because what is it? Uh I I don't I don't know, it's your status mr beast north Carolina, South Carolina.
Because like kid like him who's just pretty, I think he's your age, right? And he's just does his videos while you give away an island or something like that. Right?
Hey.
I always
throw it off doing junk. I'm sorry for interrupting man.
I know he did uh he would do stuff like read the dictionary like front, front to back, like boring stuff. Foreign challenges.
I think you did. I think you're right.
Yeah. Make it $2,000. Yeah,
I can't do this. Yeah.
Yeah, so I'm definitely uh I'm kind of a fake Pats
So I was I mean I was born in California, right? So I'm a raider fan myself, but I mean I kinda have to patriots fan and what? They won six titles since I've been here. So, I mean,
Mike,
I was a Raiders fan. Exactly the same thing.
Where'd you go to school, man?
No, absolutely. I call it expensive. It's crazy
and then ruined your whole experience. Right. Yeah.
Well, yeah. Right. When you're supposed to having fun though, like you're finally because your your artist here is like, you're at least for me, like my heart is he was my junior year. Um and then senior, I was on Easy Street, like I just had
to knock out my last few credits. Right,
People are dying left and Right.
Yeah, I know. I'm not seeing political, I mean, but especially like when the president got it right. I mean, I woke up a lot of people who are trying to be like
had the blind or so on.
Like a world Montana for example, Like, I mean,
No man, you know, I, so here's things. So I, I had a, I got a political science here. You're happy to talk politics you want. I just know some people find it really, really delicate.
of course. Of course.
No, it's absolutely going to wake you up. I mean it's, I don't know, it's frustrating. Uh, I mean I kind of had an idea was, I'm more take caution. So, I mean, I was one of those people, I didn't buy 20,000 packs of toilet paper, but
I definitely bought some extra Campbell soups and hey, man, if we're not able to get out, like I'll do
what I can do. But I, at first, I mean I was one of those people like, oh, this just sounds like pneumonia, but with a kill switch, if you are really bad was like, oh no, this shit serious man.
you can't just walk in and do it.
No, it is. It is. I mean, I'm a huge wear a mask. I mean like our football season got canceled, right? I mean, but just like, I just don't get it man, like wear a mask, the art, like people in europe and Asia, they were wearing masks if they're sick, like it's slipping a deal. I don't know.
Those are the people who are like, oh yeah, I'm not gonna wear a seatbelt live for you and I like,
yeah, I don't know.
it's a public safety thing. Right.
We could be on the decline by now. I mean how china is already on the decline, so
So
yeah, like I, I don't know man, I so I went to U. W. Madison and oh, Like looking at Wisconsin, are they like 20% positive test straight right now? You gotta be kidding? I don't know.
don't know. I live in a very liberal state, like the commonwealth massachusetts, really liberal, but I guess, and I'll poke out a little bit. Like something that frustrates me is looking at our ginormous, not arch enormous, but the republican party is ginormous rush to fill in our BgC, right? With Amy coney Barrett. And it's like if you would care this much about stopping
covid, look man, I would almost be willing to like give you the court if there wasn't so many implications that came with that. Right. But I would understand where you're coming from. But to
make
this your focus like was it Ted Cruz recently said something on on live tv like oh yeah, the americans I talked to in texas like this is their number one concern like who are you talking to? I don't get it like this. This is my concern. It sounds like it's awards do I? I don't want to scare you, but
know.
Yeah. It's on the third.
Her
confirmation. Yeah.
Uh You can force it really quick. I mean it's just a matter of uh make sure the votes are there for confirmation.
So since republicans control the senate, I mean, it's going to be fast. Right?
True.
No.
Yeah. For two separate things. Right?
Everything is political. I mean,
it's
No. Yeah. Elijah. I couldn't disagree with. I couldn't agree with you more. Excuse me. I just don't understand it. I mean, I look at so many people politically, I want to say I'm acquaintances with a lot of very strong republicans, but their desire to win at the cost. Winning is all that matters like vote red, vote red. And I've been very open be like, look like
I'm, I'm voting for joe biden. Like I'm sorry. It's just too I support and they say, oh well what do you mean we're going to lose? You can't lose. Oh, like, well I believe he's going to do what's best for the rest of the country. This idea of like, it's almost like sports for me where people are rooting on a team. Like I'm rooting on the democrats and the republicans. I just want to win like it's fun, I want to win. This has been knew that seemed like 2016 when Donald Trump got so many people involved in politics that otherwise weren't. And I'm trying to better understand because just like you articulately said The stimulus checks can help people like 1200 bucks. I mean shit, that's that's my rent, right? So I I don't understand why we're holding each other back for the sake of making each other look bad, right?
of course.
He wants his golden chair, he wants to throw. Yeah,
he
looks good.
I don't know where my next meal's coming from. Uncle Donny just wrote me a check for $1,200.
true
Fan
Isn't it like wearing a jersey man? Kind of humanist?
Yeah, you're going to the wrong stadium you like bro, I can't wear that, you know what I mean there?
Or sports?
at
Actually I'm actually looked at what that is.
Oh that was awesome.
Is that your sibling?
So what are you, what are your hopes? I guess we can kinda close it out. Here, we go for a minute or two. Um So what are your hopes? What do you want? 2021 to look like? So I just want to make sure like I was like I was listening to you. Uh she graduated, you have your associates now in cybersecurity, really looking to uh um take that test, so it's gonna be four in the bucks. Try to hopefully get work the air force base, but you have to pass that exam and really just that you're looking forward to the future and hoping people wise up about politics and covid does that
kind of,
Essential workers? Yeah,
nurses.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, Elijah was a pleasure to meet you man.
Yeah. I mean, this was, this was straightforward. Hey, I do this every night. If uh, 17 bucks, let's go.
Yeah, absolutely, man, we'll stay safe. Best of luck with
the exam if you take it. And uh,
I
don't think next year,
man, next year, I'm
just like, yeah, next
year.
Hey, thanks brother. You ever going out
peace?