blue. I are you today?
Just trying. Yeah, this is kind of an odd type of survey
and yeah, difference. Always
good. I didn't I didn't catch if there was a specific subject we're supposed to talk about or not just general conversation.
I'm a random person. I I set my alarm to get up.
You do. You do a lot of surveys?
Exactly. So
yeah, I do this to supplement income and I've narrowed it down to just a few sites that that you don't have to go through all those stupid screenings and all that stuff that you really get in and you get decent pay for them. So there's only a couple of sites like that. This is
this is probably the best.
I'm in Illinois central Illinois.
uh yeah, we're we have storms pop ups about the week every every afternoon. It seems like here recently. A lot of high humidity, high heat. Yeah.
In fact I
forgot about this.
I was getting ready to get up and go over to my dad's house and power wash his driveway for him. So that's gonna
be
yeah it's gonna be my day
out in that heat so. Well that's
fun.
No.
Oh my goodness. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I uh I worked for a dramatic if you're it looks like you're sipping coffee you've probably heard of automatic.
Oh you haven't they
make primarily commercial coffee machines? So if you go most restaurants and in places you'll see the big coffee machines but there's also the residential coffee machines that they make as well.
Yeah.
Yeah there are corporate offices is here where I'm at such stuff. The home of Abraham
Lincoln is where we're at. Okay.
Mhm.
I said my name
is Jim and that's what Tracy is, My sister's name. Yeah.
With A Y. And no E. Cool.
What?
I'm jim with an I. So. Right.
All
that's
Yeah. Oh yeah, I work in customer service, I take phone calls from customers needing help with their copy machines setting it up for trouble shooting kind of thing. And uh so I I ran across that as well every day, some different spelling of a name, It's really kind of interesting, so yeah. Mhm. So this is this
is kind of interesting, this whole conversation thing like this.
Right. Right. I've done one before where I've had to do a create a video recording uh like I'm doing an interview and there is already preset questions and I had to respond to the questions, so that was kind of interesting.
No this was uh
just recording it and as though I'm answering these questions for an interview
so. Yeah.
Uh
Yeah, well I've been a customer service uh for really about the past 20 years, mostly in the private sector uh worked for goodness Comcast communications, A. T. And T. Cingular Wireless. Part of that
I was
with the state of Illinois.
I used to be a I guess my most prestigious job was the supervisor of the vanity and personalized license plates for the state. So I had to review all
of the
license plates as people were requesting them to make sure that they weren't, we'll say naughty so
because I had the final say so.
So
and
I worked for the state for for a while, my wife's uh retired from the state, that's where we met and I got just a little over two years and I'm done so I have my retirement and
I
know
yeah and then and uh we were hoping to do more traveling and of course with the virus, we've we've had made more cancellations this year for travel then I did I think in the past 20 years. So.
No,
we just we we uh we just have like a like a timeshare kind of thing so we can exchange that out and we go to, we have this vacation club that we belong to so we can get really cheap weeks um all over the place, so that's what we were hoping to do and of course I can't do it now. Yeah,
it'll
it'll happen, I'm sure this will pass.
so, well I'm hoping this time next year where things are at least wanted to look like they're getting back to normal, so.
And
our daughter worked as a librarian for a while so,
Mhm. Yeah, administration and management, there's there's no glamour there at all. Nothing but headaches.
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kids are a lot easier to, I
don't think people would realize that uh these kids are easier to yeah, to get them to comply better. They don't.
And
Well
I think we see that in the news every night. Uh huh.
My wife, she watches that news all the time but I get my 10 minutes and I'm done done for the day.
But.
Uh huh. Well are
you near
the,
I say are you near the coastline or you more central
in the state
I hope.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah we were trying we were gonna go
there we went one time down for a couple of times. We've we've gone down from from where we're at if we go straight south will run into new Orleans but I veer off on the interstate 10 and head over to biloxi. So the wife and I had there a couple times a year if we can. Uh but but we'll stop in tunica Mississippi on the way down and then and then overnight and then head down into um biloxi.
So yeah
11 daughter and one granddaughter and
granddaughter is going to be 16
at the end of august so she's already looking at grandma and grandpa for wheels and hopefully that won't happen.
And,
So but yeah she's doing the she had to do the home schooling for a while and they got the green light our governor gave the green light to allow um uh the face to face classrooms this coming fall, but we're still suspicious that that may
go
away.
What?
Yeah, I think we're going to see another huge spike and all this in.
Yeah. That's crazy times right now. Uh huh
and see what else we got um
waiting for base.
Oh well yeah, she's well, her her girlfriends have are starting to get their licenses and cars and everything, so
I'm
she'll be 16.
16.
she, yeah, she got that at 15.
I
know.
Well, and when I was growing up, the drinking age was 19 for beer and wine and I could just go across the border north and would be
18. Oh
so it was yeah, a lot less cars on the road though at that time. Oh
I well we my car hit it had a seat belt, but it didn't have a shoulder harness and didn't have a head rest. My first
car.
correct, that's correct. You know, so and it was a standard shift on the column, so what this automatic stuff, he had to pay attention.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, my my buddy had a Mach two, if you remember
I have. Uh huh.
can't
you? Gotcha. Yeah, a long time ago I just had just a plain old mustang, but
uh it was the old rag top convertible, which was
Oh yeah, people kept stealing my gas cap because it had that mother of pearl inlay in there, so I think half a dozen of those
I know, so in fact it runs the floor rusted out, I had to get a piece of iron and had a spot weld to keep my foot from going through the floor. Mhm.
Yeah, I shouldn't do that anyway. Yeah
I guess I was going to get in into sports next. What do much?
I
figured
down south it's got to be football.
Yeah exactly. Well I'm a bears fan and cub fan so here with
cubs.
Okay
good.
Yeah. Good. That's good. Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
we we ended up taking the w flag and we drove about 100 miles south to a little town called marissa Illinois. That's where uh my
wife's family, uh most of them are from, well we had to go to the cemetery and celebrate with all of our family who have since passed that never got the chance to see that. And we hung the Ws on the they're they're at their graves and had some beers and took some pictures. Had a good time.
Any
Oh absolutely absolutely. Yeah. So yeah that was that was a lot of fun. There's a lot of people that did what we did um uh in
this area. Yeah so hopefully we'll get a chance to watch a few games this this year with with Comcast. See they're supposed to be the cubs are on a specific private channel now and Comcast hasn't got the agreement set up to air that so there's a lot of turmoil here because we're not gonna be able to watch it. Mhm.
My
Yeah. Yeah I'm not sure how they're going to do it. I know the pro football they're talking that they're still gonna be business as usual but I can't see how,
mm you know I
just I just can't see that but we'll see
there
there in uh for lack of a better term they're calling it spring training. Um I think the season has a reduced season starting like the 18th or the 19th of this month or something like that.
Mhm. Mhm. That's all I know so
I can't
I can't
get,
I'm
that's cool.
Uh He's not that far the town I'm in Springfield which is the capital right dead center. He's in a town called Sherman. It's about oh
maybe 10 miles just north of me so it's not very far at all. Look so I just peeked around the corner to know what's going on.
You
know
that
she
I think
he's gonna
go back
to bed.
Exactly, so I think, I think she just wanted to see what's going on. She's hearing voices. I tried to tell her, I said I got a weird type of survey I'm doing, I said you're going to hear me talking
so
What are you wearing khakis? Yeah. Yeah.
Jake.
Jake from Allstate yeah.
wow.
No, we we thought about that at one time, especially when our granddaughter was was littler, but she doesn't come over quite as as much and we knew that day was going to happen where those visits would be shorter and not as frequent, we'd be the one taking care of the pet and as I mentioned, we want to do a lot of traveling, so that means we're
the pet up and uh and boarding and all that and we just thought that I just wouldn't be fair to any pets, so we just opted out.
it was.
Oh, I know. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my yeah, when I was younger, we had uh had a toxin and
that's what we and then actually we had a total of two dioxins as I was growing up, but there's always a smaller dogs, smaller short hair. Yeah. Yeah.
So.
my
I got 23
minutes.
I thought it said that. Yeah. So yeah, was it at that specific page? Was there another link or something? Do you remember
court?
I still got about
half a half ago.
well you're in a storm, you know, do you have to have two cups, that's a rule somewhere.
So that was me yesterday. I just was a big slug all day. So I'm
owed a bunch of bunch of my yard, my yard in the neighbor's yard saturday. So I was just wore out.
Well, uh is that saturday? Yeah,
I guess
it was saturday. Yeah, it was, yeah. Well I had to, it needed to be mode
and
no, uh we went over to uh to my wife's folks and had Moscow actually. You
got it.
Uh their neighbor though, he where they live at, they live in basically it's just acreage out there and they have a neighbor that's, oh, about an acre over
and every so often on the fourth of july, he will hire a, an actual pyrotechnics team to come
out.
He did this year and it was like better than any fireworks you'd find uh most places. And he had that this year and that was I mean he had a food truck out there and everything. He put
people on a hard yeah
and he had
yeah he had to spend at least 20 $25,000 on that. And I just it amazes me
true.
You
either
good.
Yeah because
I know
some of those things are 100 are better for one one shell. Yeah.
Yeah it's amazing. Okay.
Anyway
I think we have exceeded our time so.
Yeah I find back at you. So
it was
nice meeting you too.
You do the same but