Yeah. Yeah. Come. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Partner. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. But. Mhm. Decision or spot. Hi.
I'm good. How are you?
Yes it is. That's
I
so are you just a random person? Are you are you conducting the survey
brill? I I think it's just a general conversation. It said, I think I read something about uh imagine you were meeting out at a might have said party or some function. And so um that's interesting. I
just probably for the past two weeks I I teach I'm a teacher. And so um my sister is doing, she's actually working on her doctoral and she gave me this site, she said you know, do surveys extra money. I'm like okay, that's pretty cool. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well
yeah, this is the only one I'm doing right now. Where are you, what state are you in?
Okay. I'm in Louisiana. It's store right here right now.
Yes, for sure
you're
well
darn
it.
Well
that's
kind of terrible. Oh
well. So I've, I woke up like at 4 50 I teach kids in china. So
yeah, so my first class was 5 30 this morning and which is 6 30 PM for them. So
I have not heard of automatic, but
no.
All right.
I just enjoy my Keurig.
Very
very cool.
Okay. Well, I don't, my name is Tracy. I don't. Did you give me your
jim?
All that school. Does she spell it with an eye? How does she spell Tracy?
Yes. It's hard
to find someone who will spell it just with an eye. My mom was different. Well
there you go. Not
j y you
know, as a, as a teacher I see lots of different names, plays on spelling and all sorts of fun things. Yes,
It
is, this is the first.
but you weren't chatting with anyone? No
come on
Very
So we need a list of topics. Um Tell
me about yourself.
My
knowledge
come right.
That's
kind
vulgar.
That's
interesting. Are you fixing
time?
I think I
need about eight
more years.
Do you have like an RV or 1/5
wheel or some?
I
understand.
Eventually. It'll take a minute or two. Yeah.
my day job, I'm actually a librarian at a public high school so um I don't know how we're going to start back. It's gonna be crazy. I've got a couple of meetings
this week. Um See what we're gonna do. I don't know it's gonna be crazy to school year. I
love it. I've been in the school system for 25 years. This will be 26. And um I was 3rd 4th grade teacher. I taught computer lab that I was an administrator. Well that was the like the worst and then went to the library and it's but I love it. It's it's fun you
know if you could just work with the kids but what's the parents get involved in adults? Yes.
After.
Well you take you take every situation as a learning and learning situation. Adults
don't think that they could they shouldn't learn anymore. You know they
know it all.
Yes I avoid it. Yeah.
I'll look at headlines uh and look at the bottom of the
T. V. And then I'm done. I'm just I'm trying to read, read what I want to see and then ignore the rest. Yeah
so
I don't
have any go ahead.
I
am
central. About five hours from New Orleans. And I did I say Louisiana Did I tell you? Yeah about an hour south of Shreveport. Okay.
Yeah
so um I like going down to New Orleans but it's I haven't been in years and right now it's the requiring mask I won't going along with it will be a long time before I go back
about.
very
you all have Children and travel with or but just.
there's
no
It's going to happen. I have a seven year old granddaughter and a grandson that will be two in august and yeah
there are a lot of fun. They're more fun than my kids were. I have two daughters. Yeah
I'm
very
happy that we have actually about four plans. Um
The parish, the government gave all this money and we bought ipads for all of the students. So the first so I think that we're going to begin school with maybe 50% alternating days. And the goal will be to teach them how to use the ipad to communicate with the teachers because just look forward. We just want to look forward to it. But we look for those days to come when they send everybody back home. I feel I feel like it will happen again. I don't know.
Yeah that's what happened. So the kids that I teach in china, this all happened in uh december january and they didn't return to school in january. So then. Mhm. Probably around May some places in Beijing they were starting school again. Well they got sent home again. So I have a students that are still in school but not many. Most of them are back home.
it is
all
she taking drivers in it?
Is
it at 17?
Yeah but what what age do they get their driver's license?
Oh it is 16. Okay. I think care they can just get maybe a permit. I'm not really
Oh my gosh
that
was that was how I did it but I think it changed and it was when I was a teenager it was okay but when I think about my grandchild. Uh
No.
was 18 here. Yeah.
Some things seem safer even though we didn't have to wear a seat belt we felt safer.
It
probably wasn't the law like now you can get a ticket for not being buckled.
I like a standard at my first car was a standard also. And then I had I like a muscle car. I guess you call it like a ford.
I have a ford mustang GT. That was my favorite car. Then I had a charger and I like the charger but the mustang was five speed and it was a lot more fun to drive.
I do. I just recently watched that show ford versus Ferrari. Did you see that? I think it might be on netflix right now. It was pretty good. It was you've heard the Shelby mustangs.
Yeah. So it was kind of that background. It was
interesting.
So
much fun. Not practical but fun.
it was terrible.
my God. Don't drive on a flooded road right to where you're ready. Boots.
sure. True. Yeah. Very good.
sports well Louisiana
you
know.
All football. Yeah. Ls you go and go ST
Now
look my I have some Chicago cubs stuff. My father was a die hard I mean I grew up listening to harry Carey and yes so
Chicago comes
her big hit.
when the cubs want you know how how great was that when the cubs won the
world Series? Oh my God. Yes.
Yeah.
Well my father passed away so he missed the he missed the wind. But there's four girls in my family were all four of us. We were we were watching the game and all rooting for the cub. Yeah we had we had to toast to my dad, we had lots of drinks with my dad even though he wasn't present
here. He was present.
similar.
Well that's you know the season tickets for the L. S. U. Games? And nobody
they're not saying yet are you? They're gonna let people in the stadium so nobody wants to buy their season tickets.
I don't either. I don't either.
It'll
be it'll be interesting. So is are they playing baseball right now? I didn't
think that they were.
Well yeah I haven't seen anything but I hadn't really scouted it out and looked but
the
world
according
to jim but
well. Very
cool. Okay. Well how far is your father from you?
Okay.
What
tends to
poke
her head it? Let me tell her. Hi
she
was
gonna
kill
you. She's like don't you show me on the camera?
What's
that commercial of? Uh He says he's on the phone and he's on all state or state farm and he's talking with.
that's
it.
There you go. That's it, jake from Alston. Yes. Do
you have any pets? Dogs, Cats.
It's
Yes that makes sense, that makes sense. Well I have a couple of dogs I have but I live alone so they're like they're my tv watching buddies so but I have always have pictures of them because if when I'm teaching, if they start barking sometimes
I don't speak chinese so I have to I use I talk with my hands a lot so I'll show them the dogs like we're
so anyway I can communicate. Yeah
I have one right now that is at my feet, he's terrified of the storm and it's kind of um rumbling outside and thunder and big old, he's 100 and £5. He's a black lab.
No.
Anyway
I've my daughter, each of my daughters, I didn't pick out dogs, I just end up getting them. This one I have has the pit bull has only three legs. If you see there's no leg. So like broke my heart when the dirt dog was bored and ended up taking him from my daughter and going to the vet. He was just three weeks old and we were trying to patch that leg up, worked on it for nine months and ended up just amputating it. But anyway
my heart too big for him. Alright jim. Let's see what's our time, Our time is 25.
Have.
Oh do you? Okay. Well that one page. So you know when we're done we have to go back to that page and complete a survey.
it said I haven't
opened. It says um you should see the timer. Remember keep the conversation at last 25. I saw that it was gonna be on this page. The page that you clicked on. The first couple of questions you answered. I think we'll close this one and go back to that one and then they'll there's gotta be some somewhere to click on it. That's going to have some more questions. I don't know. So you finished your coffee yet?
I
have a little bit it's it's getting cold but this is my second cup today. This is my limit right here.
my gosh. Yeah. Okay well I'm going to, my plans are to do a little workout and then maybe get a nap some point today. Mm.
gosh.
You were supposed to not vote on july 4th mm
let's
say saturday.
Well did
you do hot dogs, hamburgers, fireworks
asking what is it
Mosque and Shelly that's a new one.
All
my
gosh.
my
wow
that's wonderful.
I can't
see it. But I thought
the same
thing like all my neighbors were shooting them and
I I live on the river and there's a marina and they did them at the marina that were pretty I was able to see them but I just think of all the money being burned. Yeah
I
can't.
For seconds.
Seconds
of entertainment.
we did a good job. Five.
All right jim. It was nice meeting you
and
all right well have a good day.