SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I want to talk to you. Mhm. You look at something, right? Yeah. For a game, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. And I can't, no, it's hot. Mhm. All the time. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. What can also be Mhm. It's Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Walking. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Nothing. Yeah. Mhm. Being born. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. What about you? Yeah. Yeah. Records from the after this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah. Yeah. You can have Right. Yeah. What? Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. One and what? Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Happy. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I've been here. Right. Yeah. The members What? Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Going about. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, okay. Hello? mm
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: how would you? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: My name is marty.
SPEAKER_L: marty my name is Jeff.
SPEAKER_R: Hey Jeff, how are you? Um I was gonna say where, where you about, whereabouts are you in the country?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Oregon. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm in new york. So we're far far ends of the coast I guess. What?
SPEAKER_L: Had a girl from pennsylvania yesterday. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Have you done many of these in the pastor?
SPEAKER_L: I think this is my 6th 1. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I did one yesterday too and I was chatting with somebody from L. A. But he's in college in boston right now, so um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Um So how's everything going on? Sunday? How's everything out in Oregon?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Pretty stormy and wet right now.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: are you? Portland? Er
SPEAKER_L: just south of there about an hour and a half.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, got it. Um I've uh I've never been to Oregon but it's been like in the top two or 3 on my list. Um places to visit and probably for about five years now and unfortunately, probably won't be getting out there anytime soon with the coronavirus.
SPEAKER_L: Unless he did cross country tour. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it would be. I think my wife, my kids would kill me disappeared for a few days. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's beautiful out here. We're getting our first little false storm ripping through here. So we got some pretty heavy rains last night and some storm winds right now.
SPEAKER_R: Are you are you from Oregon originally, or?
SPEAKER_L: No I'm actually from California originally I grew up on the what we call the central coast right above santa Barbara area.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was in um We went into fluid my wife and I flew into San Francisco actually for my 40th birthday and then went down to Carmel and that's sort of in that area or is that even still further north?
SPEAKER_L: that's the Carmel is further north and us. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Got to uh central valley of California. I just imagine like tons of agriculture and stuff like that. And when I drove through Carmel, we passed the town that called itself, the garlic capital of the country.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah yeah
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I forget what I forget what the place that is. But I had a friend that grew up in there and yeah it's nothing but garlic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's got to be somewhere I guess. Uh So what brought you to Oregon work probably, I'm guessing.
SPEAKER_L: Actually my wife we met down in San Diego has living in there for about 10 years and she was finishing up school and hanging out and uh we started dating and she said well if you're serious about dating when I finished school we're going up to Oregon so I was like all right then let's go take a trip, we'll take a trip in the winter and in the summer see if I like it
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: and where we live is very it's the same like environment that I grew up in. So it's a small town agricultural based. So it worked out really well.
SPEAKER_R: The or do you work in agriculture?
SPEAKER_L: No I work in I. T. I do I. T. For our school district around here.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. That's a great job. How are your schools open and running like full time now or?
SPEAKER_L: They it was it was a rocky summer and start as we have a lot of pressure from the city to try to open as very blue collar here. And a lot of it is a lot of naysayers for covid stuff so they really they really push hard to get students back into classrooms. But then our governor kind of trumped everything and said unless you reach these statistics, you can't open. So we had to switch to fully online the
SPEAKER_R: Would
SPEAKER_L: very last moment.
SPEAKER_R: I imagine you being, the department probably puts a lot of stress on you and there are other folks, so it doesn't seem to be going smoothly, or?
SPEAKER_L: No, it was a train wreck.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, whatever household,
SPEAKER_L: Uh because of that last minute transition we we had like a month to implement brand new systems and a
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: lot of it fell on my shoulders and a couple of my colleagues and it was just it was just nuts and chaos. It was like the friday before we're going to have students, we were still getting people into these new systems and trying to get them access and zoom
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: wasn't set up well and our devices couldn't handle zooms and it was just, yeah, everything that could go wrong pretty much went wrong.
SPEAKER_R: so my kids are um doing, we are doing two days and basically everything's homework assignments on Wednesday and then two days virtually on thursday and friday were using the google platform. I guess our school district had uh sort of gotten into google classroom like forms and things like that, so going over to google meet, it's been going pretty smoothly I guess, but I guess it's depending on your customers, I guess they're both teachers and parents like how familiar they are with the system because they're not overly complicated systems to use, but if you don't have familiarity with them, it's tough for that, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So just imagine that. But with that zero familiarity because every last system that we threw at them at the last minute was brand new. So zoom was brand new to everybody. We've been using google meet and our system is called canvas and a lot of people have been using google classroom and google forms and websites and stuff. And that would have been a lot easier transition. But they decided not to really talk to the tech department about it and just made a decision based off of other schools in our area.
SPEAKER_R: Well I work in uh marketings and additional marketing, so a lot of what we do involves the tech department And um I'm better now, but the 1st 15 years of my career, I often didn't talk to the tech team, which as it turns out, is a huge mistake
SPEAKER_L: whisper
SPEAKER_R: because it's actually pretty important. E
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's usually important. It gets overlooked frequently. So I've tried to be a loud voice to for
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: that change, but.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's not like the guys I worked with didn't tell me as well. It was
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: basically after a certain number of times going into my boss saying this is screwed up because I didn't do X, Y or Z. I sort of just smartened up and figured out how to do it. How is are you guys seeing many um cases in whatever district you're in now or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We're seeing a high spike in our county right now and kind of neighboring areas.
SPEAKER_R: So unlikely that you guys are opening classrooms anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: That's my guess. I don't think we'll be back in classrooms at least till 2021. All right.
SPEAKER_R: we so I um so I live just north of Manhattan, and my office actually is less than a mile from my house. Um, and
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: it, It won't make sense to you, but the guy live in the suburbs, right? Like just happens. And like nothing is taller than two stories except for there's one building that's 22 stories and like everybody around like drives by it all the time. We got drive by actually can see it a little bit if I go down to the end of my street and I haven't been in there since March and they've already told us and we're not going back until at least january and the death that is, we probably won't go back until june until the kids are out of school again. So, um, so I've actually, that's what I was doing this afternoon. I had some football in the background. I've been converted my garage into an office, so hopefully it doesn't look like a garage. From your angle.
SPEAKER_L: No, it looks nice. Got some nice wood paneling back there
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh something like $250 of those. And I just up there
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: a great idea. My my counterpart for the school district, he's just moved out into his garage and in the back of him is nothing but shelves of like boxes and tubs. It's like we got to do something with that maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well I've got some piping here, some wires hanging out on the other the other side. So I got this little corner. This one corner is okay and then everything else is good. Um Is your word, is your wife working as well or is it
SPEAKER_L: She does occupational therapy for R. E. S.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: D. So she does uh neighboring districts. So
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: out in corvallis and out towards the coast and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is she able to work now or
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's
SPEAKER_R: no?
SPEAKER_L: it's been modified to though, it's one of those things where they've gone very remote. Uh there's probably going to be a handful of times, she might have to go in and kind of mask up and do something, but for the most part right now it's all the implementation thing, so it's getting the familiar students back on course and
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: then trying to learn about the new students.
SPEAKER_R: we uh I mean as you and I are talking about it this is all like anyone I know has talked about for the past six or seven months and we have one close friend who's really worried. She has a son who has um sort of like a list and a speech impediment And he hasn't really seen someone face to face in. Um I guess seven or eight months now and it's unlikely to occur. So actually my kids who are nine and 12 are in school now, but our high school there was a case last week. So they've actually closed it for the next two weeks And I don't know if you're following in, I don't know if it makes the national news, but there's like six zip codes in all of New York that they're seeing like 25% um, positive rate on tests. We don't live in one of those zip codes, but we live about three miles away from one of them. Mm
SPEAKER_L: enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's headed our way is basically what we're seeing. So, uh, um, I mean it is, it is what it is I guess and until there's a vaccine or something like that, I just don't really see the end of it. The only thing we've really been able to do is my 12 year old place baseball. So figuring that you're 50 or 60 ft away from someone on the field and the parents are in the outfield. That's literally the only thing we've done all summer long. So how are you, how are you guys keeping yourself busy? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: the summer I have a nine in our sorry, eight and almost 10 year old, she'll turn she'll turn 10 and a couple weeks here. Uh So we kept busy, they thrive on more structure kind of idea. So we had like a routine for the summer and I had to keep busy, but my wife gets the summers off, so it was one of those things and then uh with school we started up with an online christian school out
SPEAKER_R: total
SPEAKER_L: of florida called Rebecca and they have a really nice system. Uh it looks like they may be recorded stuff maybe a couple of years ago, maybe last year. And so it's nice and set, its established uh we had next to no hiccups with it, It takes a little extra work from me and my wife, but I mean you're talking about maybe an hour and a half during the weekend of prep for the week and then grading papers and giving feedback.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So, so you're, you're, I guess would you be home schooling them or is that okay? Yeah. I mean it's worth the investment. That's it. That's pretty uncommon around here. But a lot of parents were just thinking about pulling their kids and then hiring somebody to teach maybe three or four families of once. Um, you know, we're really worried about my kids happen to do okay in school, so they're hanging on so far, but um they're missing a full year of school and while they're going through their lessons and they're doing stuff and what we are monitoring them, it's just not the same as having a full time in fact. So um so our dear kids just do Simon's during the day and you guys sort of look over their shoulder throughout the day or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we have a we have a pretty good structure for it now, so each day they have their own folder of their assignments and they go through in order with the videos presented. And so they have like a classroom environment kind of idea where they have other students that are in the videos and they answer stuff. So it has a little bit of that chemistry, but I mean it doesn't replace the actual classroom and they seem to have adjusted to it now. There's a couple of bits of the curriculum that were a little more advanced than even what they were doing last year at their private school. But I mean it seems to be working well now.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna I was wondering if you guys have the same problem we do, which is obviously you've done all the schooling that they did, but sometimes the kids bring problems to me and I just sort of have to sit there and re figure out my son is starting to take note I guess pre algebra or something like that and uh we were going to the order of operations and like I've sort of forgotten it, you know? I know, I know how to do it fell but like actually writing it out on paper is a little bit different so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My go to for that is just go well, let's see what the instructions tell you to do
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: read it like you're reading to them, but you're really absorbing it for that minute.
SPEAKER_R: that's smart, funny. Um It is tough though, so my wife she's self employed but she does have an office, so she goes there during the day and so like monday and Tuesday is, my kids are in school and it's sort of great, like I'm literally in meetings most of the day, so on thursday and friday, I'm here on Wednesday as well and you know, I'm in my garage, so you know sometimes if I don't have the video on, I'll look out the window, they're good into school is done, but then like I sort of see them just like wandering around and not knowing what to do, we're pretty strict about like no tv or devices during the school week and uh like they're figuring out, actually, I don't know how your kids are, but um my 12 year old always thought that my nine year old was too young and never really wanted to hang out with them. That's actually the nice development. The quarantine is they have no choice. So there's
SPEAKER_L: Tim.
SPEAKER_R: each other all the time. So you guys are saying something similar?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, very similar. Um what we started seeing was them drift away. So as they were hanging out with their friends, they were picking up other behaviors and other things that were not their normal. And so now that they've been stuck in the house with us, we're starting to see like the good behaviors be
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: reformed
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: and that foundations cannot be reset so that that's been helpful. But you also see the reverse of that where uh they just start acting out and you don't understand why. And then as you try to talk to him, we find out, oh man, these kids are just missing that that kid contact that we can't provide being
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: adults,
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: we don't have that same level of energy or creativity or.
SPEAKER_R: No, but it's so sort of one of the nice developments. The worst thing is um, I don't know what it's like where you're from, but sort of like organized sports has taken over like these kids live. So pre quarantine. Um you know, my kid plays baseball and a little bit of basketball, but like he would basically be a huge see his friends of practice games and things like that and all of that stopped around here. So my 12 year old actually, um it's actually kind of great and I'm super excited about it. Like they've sort of become free range. So he hops on his bicycle and like sort of rides all over town, picking up these kids along the way. And our town is such that everybody knows each other and like if they were getting in trouble, like we would get the reports, so we think he's behaving, But my nine year old camp, so like, um, my 12 year old would get on a bike, disappear. My nine year old like is literally there's no other kids his age on our street and candidly. I mean, he's just basically gone through quarantine by watching Youtube videos, not stop. So that's the one I'm sort of worried about. But he he's not on teams, he's not very athletic. So I don't know how to, let's go to rekindle that personal connection
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: with him because like I have a catch with them every day and like we hang out and do stuff, but I'm not a nine year old kid like, and it's just not the same thing, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, two totally different worlds. It's hard to merge them. Um We have I have a good friend down in san Diego who has kids similar ages. Tars ones like three months older and once three months younger kind of thing. So we started doing a Minecraft, we got a Minecraft realm up and they all kind of jump on there and talk to each other and
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: mess
SPEAKER_R: may hear
SPEAKER_L: around,
SPEAKER_R: you through the headphones and stuff like that. That's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we set up a discord server form so it's just them, they can do their little gifts to each other, they can do little chats and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. My nine year old actually, the Youtube videos he watches are typically in Minecraft videos, but he plays quite a bit and I've never played Minecraft, although I played my fair share of video games. He never plays like the competitive mode. He just plays like the builder space and he like stuff. But for some reason, none of his friends are interested in Minecraft. They'll play Fortnite or Madden or something like that. But so even in that he's kind of the only one doing it, But you know, he's hanging out, we'll muddle through the best we can, hopefully doing no permanent damage.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's gonna be the hard part, right? Because their their worlds are still developing and
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: they see even some of the questions they ask, make me think that they're expecting this to be the new norm and never it will never get better.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I mean, I don't know, you know, it's sort of a fraud thing, but like I do think that it's going to be with us through the winter at some point. We'll get past this. I think there are a lot of behaviors and things that Well, um, stay. Um, like I never saw someone wearing a mask in my life outside of an airport. Like I think things like that will come in, we wash our hands much more than we ever did, which my wife has been telling me to do for 25 years, but I didn't get back to normal at some point. And um, I'm hoping that they're just young enough that they'll just look back and be like, wow, that year was super weird and then we'll see how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's my hope to I'd hate to have to stay as socially distance as we are. We we had to go to the extreme because my father in law got cancer right before all of this. So he went through chemo and had lower deficient uh huh. Systems going on. And then I got diagnosed with a heart condition in february.
SPEAKER_R: no, do something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So is one of those things where one of the first things they said was if you have any kind of heart conditions or heart disease this is going to hit your hearts were like all right or hunkering down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, man. So do you were you guys able to get out at all the summer? Any indications or anything like that?
SPEAKER_L: Um My wife and kids and her parents went to Crater Lake for a couple of days
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's
SPEAKER_L: and that.
SPEAKER_R: that's like one of the main reasons why I want to go to Oregon. Is it just beautiful there?
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's absolutely beautiful. Yeah we were there just a few years ago, they're already talking about going back next year too. But yeah we went there into the beach once just getting a beach house that way. It's just us that are that's in there and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that's what we did, we rented a beach house, but other than that we haven't gone anywhere. Um I'm sorry, tell me if this is too boring for you, but Oregon is such an unusual state because um like the it has, so my parents are irish from Ireland, it feels like in many ways there's a very similar climate like you have to, but then on the other side of the state it's almost
SPEAKER_L: High desert.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, I guess other cascades are there in the middle. Yeah. And you're on the western side of the cascades, I'm assuming, or
SPEAKER_L: we're in what's called the Willamette Valley, so we have mountains on either side of it. So it goes coast mountain bus and then more mountains and then the high desert.
SPEAKER_R: okay. How far you has from Ben
SPEAKER_L: Um I want to say that's like a 3-hour drive, something
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: here?
SPEAKER_L: that. It's a it's a good stretch stretch
SPEAKER_R: okay. How far you guys important?
SPEAKER_L: About our 45 minutes or so.
SPEAKER_R: You're much closer important and yeah, I don't know what prompted it, but I mean, I can tell you what prompted it is. My wife and I sort of lived all over the place on the east Coast and when we have kids, we decided to move back to the town where she's from and I sort of just took this job because it was close and I didn't have an hour long commute and it's gotten better and it's certainly like I've been there five years now, but when I first took it, I just hated this drive, come home and just like where do I want to live then, Oregon and Bend in particular came up. Although I think Oregon is our bend is sort of being flooded with Californians and new Yorkers and stuff like that. So you have a valid excuse you married a native? So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean that we have a lot of friends that are from California now to that are up in this area. It's everybody does that. They try to get a little bit further north away from the California politics and taxes and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well California is so expensive that I am sure it's to some degree cheaper to live in Oregon. Although. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huge difference when we moved here 11 years ago. Um Yeah we've paid I think it was 30 bucks more a month to own a house than to rent a half the size apartment down in san Diego out in the East County even. So it was like that's been already
SPEAKER_R: The but I imagine what everybody coming in, it's getting more expensive up there though.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's gone through the roof like our house. We bought it at like 200 K. And it's valued about 3 50 now. It's just nuts.
SPEAKER_R: Great for you if the girls need to go to college someday.
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: That's really funny. But that's what, that's
SPEAKER_L: Never.
SPEAKER_R: what's happening now. Mostly because of the quarantine is Manhattan and Brooklyn and I actually haven't been to the city since last March and I used to go probably once a month or so. Um But they say it's just clearing out. We had friends who, You know, they would have like a two bedroom apartment in Brooklyn, they'd be paying like $3500 a month in rent. And the they didn't even have their own bedrooms, right? Because they had to. So now everything in our area is people are just they just want to get out, having a yard during this whole thing is so much more important than you could ever imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's interesting because not only that you increase your risk by using everything that's public, so using the elevator using stairs, using cabs. Yeah. Yeah. Like that makes sense. You'd want to get out of there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean imagine being stuck in a 800 ft apartment with like four people and really just uh honestly I don't think I would survive. I think my life would strangle its. Uh
SPEAKER_L: huh. Yeah. Even us, we're sitting in just about 18, square feet and it's like we're sitting here going uh maybe we should get something bigger since we're gonna be working from home. I mean this is getting a little cramped now.
SPEAKER_R: I mean for you, I imagine that like all of your stuff, so like I'm not technical but I work in digital marketing. We literally just went home and didn't miss a beat because everything was running. I'm sure like with all the tools that you have, you are able to do that as well, right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the Donnie hiccup I noticed was we weren't we weren't sure how much remote we were going to be at the beginning. So like I just took my surface pro home and then it was just working a lot hunched over working on and I was like, this is getting stupid. By the end of the first week, I had like aches and pains and I was like, hey, I'm just going to take my whole rig. So I went and grabbed my three monitors and the desktop and I ended up getting a standing desktop. And so it's, it's one of these things where it's like once you have your setup, you're fine, but at the beginning we didn't
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: if you have three monitors and stuff
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: drunk,
SPEAKER_R: your setup isn't small, I'm sure there's some section of the house that's where like Daddy works now and kids are. So yeah, I mean what
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually praying for is my boss one day say, hey, you know what? And we do seem to be doing well remotely for him to just say, hey, you guys can work remote from ever and you might see me in bend one. So his new york is extraordinarily expensive as well. And um you know, I think the three northern counties north of Manhattan had the highest property tax in the conflict. There 123 for property tax.
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: And you know, we sort of lucked out in that ours isn't too bad and the schools are pretty good. But there's certainly probably places that have better weather and are cheaper to live and if you're doing it all online, it sort of doesn't matter. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, exactly. You might see more people head into the midwest forth all of this to, or it's cheap.
SPEAKER_R: Well like I literally have just been sort of, I mean, have you guys been impacted by those fires at all or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we were heavily impacted
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: by those at a certain point, we're getting close to being a level three getting kind of prepped and ready. It was only about 20 miles from our house. Um and then where my boss was living, he was uh stage to like it was, if it jumped anymore, he would have had to get out of there quickly.
SPEAKER_R: it's like descending order. The lower is uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. One is, you need to get out, three is get ready.
SPEAKER_R: now because that fire happened so close by and so much growth has been cleared off. Are you guys sort of okay for the next couple of years or is it an equal risk again next summer?
SPEAKER_L: No, should be fine. It happens once in a while. Usually it's more up in the high desert. Uh, and whenever you drive like over two sisters or bend or something like that, you'll see just swaths of forest just burnt to the crisp and we never hear about that. We might get a little smoke that comes into the valley, but this
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: got really close.
SPEAKER_R: when it when it's threatening houses, that's when people start to worry, I guess the images of san Francisco this summer and I'm sure the air quality was similar to you, but it looked like Blade Runner where the sky was orange and all of that
SPEAKER_L: it was nuts.
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: The first couple of nights was we were reported as especially where I live as the worst air quality in all of the world and I was like, that's not true. And I looked it up and I was like, it's true, Okay. All right. But
SPEAKER_R: but it cleared up now and it's gone back to normal or
SPEAKER_L: for the most part, we got a little bit of smoke still this last week. You could just smell it in the air.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's surprising.
SPEAKER_L: I think that was actually up from California, though
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? Gosh, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of ours have been contained or uh it also pushed to the east, so.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well I'm glad everything. God you guys will literally never forget 2020. What a crazy it was. Uh
SPEAKER_L: There's been
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: nuts,
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm looking at the clock I think we're up over the 25 minute mark if you're okay. Cool, great
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: meeting you and I hope everything works out with you and your family. Stay safe is what everyone's saying but definitely stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Likewise stay safe and healthy
SPEAKER_R: Take care.