Hi, how are you?
My name is marty.
Hey Jeff, how are you? Um I was gonna say where, where you about, whereabouts are you in the country?
Uh I'm in new york. So we're far far ends of the coast I guess. What?
Uh
Have you done many of these in the pastor?
I did one yesterday too and I was chatting with somebody from L. A. But he's in college in boston right now, so um
I don't know. Um So how's everything going on? Sunday? How's everything out in Oregon?
What
are you? Portland? Er
Okay, got it. Um I've uh I've never been to Oregon but it's been like in the top two or 3 on my list. Um places to visit and probably for about five years now and unfortunately, probably won't be getting out there anytime soon with the coronavirus.
Yeah, it would be. I think my wife, my kids would kill me disappeared for a few days. Yeah.
Are you are you from Oregon originally, or?
Okay. I was in um We went into fluid my wife and I flew into San Francisco actually for my 40th birthday and then went down to Carmel and that's sort of in that area or is that even still further north?
Okay. Got to uh central valley of California. I just imagine like tons of agriculture and stuff like that. And when I drove through Carmel, we passed the town that called itself, the garlic capital of the country.
So
it's got to be somewhere I guess. Uh So what brought you to Oregon work probably, I'm guessing.
What
The or do you work in agriculture?
Very cool. That's a great job. How are your schools open and running like full time now or?
Would
I imagine you being, the department probably puts a lot of stress on you and there are other folks, so it doesn't seem to be going smoothly, or?
Oh, whatever household,
I don't know.
And
so my kids are um doing, we are doing two days and basically everything's homework assignments on Wednesday and then two days virtually on thursday and friday were using the google platform. I guess our school district had uh sort of gotten into google classroom like forms and things like that, so going over to google meet, it's been going pretty smoothly I guess, but I guess it's depending on your customers, I guess they're both teachers and parents like how familiar they are with the system because they're not overly complicated systems to use, but if you don't have familiarity with them, it's tough for that, but.
Well I work in uh marketings and additional marketing, so a lot of what we do involves the tech department And um I'm better now, but the 1st 15 years of my career, I often didn't talk to the tech team, which as it turns out, is a huge mistake
because it's actually pretty important. E
All
it's it's not like the guys I worked with didn't tell me as well. It was
basically after a certain number of times going into my boss saying this is screwed up because I didn't do X, Y or Z. I sort of just smartened up and figured out how to do it. How is are you guys seeing many um cases in whatever district you're in now or?
So unlikely that you guys are opening classrooms anytime soon.
we so I um so I live just north of Manhattan, and my office actually is less than a mile from my house. Um, and
it, It won't make sense to you, but the guy live in the suburbs, right? Like just happens. And like nothing is taller than two stories except for there's one building that's 22 stories and like everybody around like drives by it all the time. We got drive by actually can see it a little bit if I go down to the end of my street and I haven't been in there since March and they've already told us and we're not going back until at least january and the death that is, we probably won't go back until june until the kids are out of school again. So, um, so I've actually, that's what I was doing this afternoon. I had some football in the background. I've been converted my garage into an office, so hopefully it doesn't look like a garage. From your angle.
It's
uh something like $250 of those. And I just up there
so.
Yeah well I've got some piping here, some wires hanging out on the other the other side. So I got this little corner. This one corner is okay and then everything else is good. Um Is your word, is your wife working as well or is it
no
got
hurt.
is she able to work now or
no?
So
we uh I mean as you and I are talking about it this is all like anyone I know has talked about for the past six or seven months and we have one close friend who's really worried. She has a son who has um sort of like a list and a speech impediment And he hasn't really seen someone face to face in. Um I guess seven or eight months now and it's unlikely to occur. So actually my kids who are nine and 12 are in school now, but our high school there was a case last week. So they've actually closed it for the next two weeks And I don't know if you're following in, I don't know if it makes the national news, but there's like six zip codes in all of New York that they're seeing like 25% um, positive rate on tests. We don't live in one of those zip codes, but we live about three miles away from one of them. Mm
Yeah. Well it's headed our way is basically what we're seeing. So, uh, um, I mean it is, it is what it is I guess and until there's a vaccine or something like that, I just don't really see the end of it. The only thing we've really been able to do is my 12 year old place baseball. So figuring that you're 50 or 60 ft away from someone on the field and the parents are in the outfield. That's literally the only thing we've done all summer long. So how are you, how are you guys keeping yourself busy? Oh,
total
Yeah. So, so you're, you're, I guess would you be home schooling them or is that okay? Yeah. I mean it's worth the investment. That's it. That's pretty uncommon around here. But a lot of parents were just thinking about pulling their kids and then hiring somebody to teach maybe three or four families of once. Um, you know, we're really worried about my kids happen to do okay in school, so they're hanging on so far, but um they're missing a full year of school and while they're going through their lessons and they're doing stuff and what we are monitoring them, it's just not the same as having a full time in fact. So um so our dear kids just do Simon's during the day and you guys sort of look over their shoulder throughout the day or?
I was gonna I was wondering if you guys have the same problem we do, which is obviously you've done all the schooling that they did, but sometimes the kids bring problems to me and I just sort of have to sit there and re figure out my son is starting to take note I guess pre algebra or something like that and uh we were going to the order of operations and like I've sort of forgotten it, you know? I know, I know how to do it fell but like actually writing it out on paper is a little bit different so
it
is
that's smart, funny. Um It is tough though, so my wife she's self employed but she does have an office, so she goes there during the day and so like monday and Tuesday is, my kids are in school and it's sort of great, like I'm literally in meetings most of the day, so on thursday and friday, I'm here on Wednesday as well and you know, I'm in my garage, so you know sometimes if I don't have the video on, I'll look out the window, they're good into school is done, but then like I sort of see them just like wandering around and not knowing what to do, we're pretty strict about like no tv or devices during the school week and uh like they're figuring out, actually, I don't know how your kids are, but um my 12 year old always thought that my nine year old was too young and never really wanted to hang out with them. That's actually the nice development. The quarantine is they have no choice. So there's
each other all the time. So you guys are saying something similar?
that's
what,
You
know,
No, but it's so sort of one of the nice developments. The worst thing is um, I don't know what it's like where you're from, but sort of like organized sports has taken over like these kids live. So pre quarantine. Um you know, my kid plays baseball and a little bit of basketball, but like he would basically be a huge see his friends of practice games and things like that and all of that stopped around here. So my 12 year old actually, um it's actually kind of great and I'm super excited about it. Like they've sort of become free range. So he hops on his bicycle and like sort of rides all over town, picking up these kids along the way. And our town is such that everybody knows each other and like if they were getting in trouble, like we would get the reports, so we think he's behaving, But my nine year old camp, so like, um, my 12 year old would get on a bike, disappear. My nine year old like is literally there's no other kids his age on our street and candidly. I mean, he's just basically gone through quarantine by watching Youtube videos, not stop. So that's the one I'm sort of worried about. But he he's not on teams, he's not very athletic. So I don't know how to, let's go to rekindle that personal connection
with him because like I have a catch with them every day and like we hang out and do stuff, but I'm not a nine year old kid like, and it's just not the same thing, so.
You
may hear
you through the headphones and stuff like that. That's cool. Yeah.
That's funny. My nine year old actually, the Youtube videos he watches are typically in Minecraft videos, but he plays quite a bit and I've never played Minecraft, although I played my fair share of video games. He never plays like the competitive mode. He just plays like the builder space and he like stuff. But for some reason, none of his friends are interested in Minecraft. They'll play Fortnite or Madden or something like that. But so even in that he's kind of the only one doing it, But you know, he's hanging out, we'll muddle through the best we can, hopefully doing no permanent damage.
Good.
I think, I mean, I don't know, you know, it's sort of a fraud thing, but like I do think that it's going to be with us through the winter at some point. We'll get past this. I think there are a lot of behaviors and things that Well, um, stay. Um, like I never saw someone wearing a mask in my life outside of an airport. Like I think things like that will come in, we wash our hands much more than we ever did, which my wife has been telling me to do for 25 years, but I didn't get back to normal at some point. And um, I'm hoping that they're just young enough that they'll just look back and be like, wow, that year was super weird and then we'll see how it goes.
no, do something.
Yeah, man. So do you were you guys able to get out at all the summer? Any indications or anything like that?
Okay, that's
that's like one of the main reasons why I want to go to Oregon. Is it just beautiful there?
that's what we did, we rented a beach house, but other than that we haven't gone anywhere. Um I'm sorry, tell me if this is too boring for you, but Oregon is such an unusual state because um like the it has, so my parents are irish from Ireland, it feels like in many ways there's a very similar climate like you have to, but then on the other side of the state it's almost
like, yeah, I guess other cascades are there in the middle. Yeah. And you're on the western side of the cascades, I'm assuming, or
okay. How far you has from Ben
are
here?
okay. How far you guys important?
You're much closer important and yeah, I don't know what prompted it, but I mean, I can tell you what prompted it is. My wife and I sort of lived all over the place on the east Coast and when we have kids, we decided to move back to the town where she's from and I sort of just took this job because it was close and I didn't have an hour long commute and it's gotten better and it's certainly like I've been there five years now, but when I first took it, I just hated this drive, come home and just like where do I want to live then, Oregon and Bend in particular came up. Although I think Oregon is our bend is sort of being flooded with Californians and new Yorkers and stuff like that. So you have a valid excuse you married a native? So. Yeah.
Yeah. Well California is so expensive that I am sure it's to some degree cheaper to live in Oregon. Although. Yeah.
The but I imagine what everybody coming in, it's getting more expensive up there though.
Great for you if the girls need to go to college someday.
That's really funny. But that's what, that's
what's happening now. Mostly because of the quarantine is Manhattan and Brooklyn and I actually haven't been to the city since last March and I used to go probably once a month or so. Um But they say it's just clearing out. We had friends who, You know, they would have like a two bedroom apartment in Brooklyn, they'd be paying like $3500 a month in rent. And the they didn't even have their own bedrooms, right? Because they had to. So now everything in our area is people are just they just want to get out, having a yard during this whole thing is so much more important than you could ever imagine.
Yeah. I mean imagine being stuck in a 800 ft apartment with like four people and really just uh honestly I don't think I would survive. I think my life would strangle its. Uh
I mean for you, I imagine that like all of your stuff, so like I'm not technical but I work in digital marketing. We literally just went home and didn't miss a beat because everything was running. I'm sure like with all the tools that you have, you are able to do that as well, right.
I mean
if you have three monitors and stuff
like
that,
your setup isn't small, I'm sure there's some section of the house that's where like Daddy works now and kids are. So yeah, I mean what
I'm actually praying for is my boss one day say, hey, you know what? And we do seem to be doing well remotely for him to just say, hey, you guys can work remote from ever and you might see me in bend one. So his new york is extraordinarily expensive as well. And um you know, I think the three northern counties north of Manhattan had the highest property tax in the conflict. There 123 for property tax.
And you know, we sort of lucked out in that ours isn't too bad and the schools are pretty good. But there's certainly probably places that have better weather and are cheaper to live and if you're doing it all online, it sort of doesn't matter. So.
Well like I literally have just been sort of, I mean, have you guys been impacted by those fires at all or
not
it's like descending order. The lower is uh
now because that fire happened so close by and so much growth has been cleared off. Are you guys sort of okay for the next couple of years or is it an equal risk again next summer?
But
it
when it when it's threatening houses, that's when people start to worry, I guess the images of san Francisco this summer and I'm sure the air quality was similar to you, but it looked like Blade Runner where the sky was orange and all of that
there.
but it cleared up now and it's gone back to normal or
Yeah. It's surprising.
Oh really? Gosh, that's crazy.
Okay. Well I'm glad everything. God you guys will literally never forget 2020. What a crazy it was. Uh
one
I mean I'm looking at the clock I think we're up over the 25 minute mark if you're okay. Cool, great
meeting you and I hope everything works out with you and your family. Stay safe is what everyone's saying but definitely stay safe.
Take care.