Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I want to talk to you. Mhm. You look at something, right? Yeah. For a game, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. And I can't, no, it's hot. Mhm. All the time. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. What can also be Mhm. It's Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Walking. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Nothing. Yeah. Mhm. Being born. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. What about you? Yeah. Yeah. Records from the after this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah. Yeah. You can have Right. Yeah. What? Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. One and what? Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Happy. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I've been here. Right. Yeah. The members What? Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Going about. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, okay. Hello? mm
how would you? Yeah
marty my name is Jeff.
I'm in Oregon. How about you?
Had a girl from pennsylvania yesterday. Okay.
Uh
I think this is my 6th 1. Oh
Yeah.
Uh Pretty stormy and wet right now.
Which
just south of there about an hour and a half.
Unless he did cross country tour. Yeah.
it's beautiful out here. We're getting our first little false storm ripping through here. So we got some pretty heavy rains last night and some storm winds right now.
No I'm actually from California originally I grew up on the what we call the central coast right above santa Barbara area.
that's the Carmel is further north and us. Yeah,
Oh yeah yeah yeah
I forget what I forget what the place that is. But I had a friend that grew up in there and yeah it's nothing but garlic. Yeah.
Actually my wife we met down in San Diego has living in there for about 10 years and she was finishing up school and hanging out and uh we started dating and she said well if you're serious about dating when I finished school we're going up to Oregon so I was like all right then let's go take a trip, we'll take a trip in the winter and in the summer see if I like it
and where we live is very it's the same like environment that I grew up in. So it's a small town agricultural based. So it worked out really well.
No I work in I. T. I do I. T. For our school district around here.
They it was it was a rocky summer and start as we have a lot of pressure from the city to try to open as very blue collar here. And a lot of it is a lot of naysayers for covid stuff so they really they really push hard to get students back into classrooms. But then our governor kind of trumped everything and said unless you reach these statistics, you can't open. So we had to switch to fully online the
very last moment.
No, it was a train wreck.
Uh because of that last minute transition we we had like a month to implement brand new systems and a
lot of it fell on my shoulders and a couple of my colleagues and it was just it was just nuts and chaos. It was like the friday before we're going to have students, we were still getting people into these new systems and trying to get them access and zoom
wasn't set up well and our devices couldn't handle zooms and it was just, yeah, everything that could go wrong pretty much went wrong.
Yeah. So just imagine that. But with that zero familiarity because every last system that we threw at them at the last minute was brand new. So zoom was brand new to everybody. We've been using google meet and our system is called canvas and a lot of people have been using google classroom and google forms and websites and stuff. And that would have been a lot easier transition. But they decided not to really talk to the tech department about it and just made a decision based off of other schools in our area.
whisper
Yeah. It's usually important. It gets overlooked frequently. So I've tried to be a loud voice to for
that change, but.
What?
Yeah. We're seeing a high spike in our county right now and kind of neighboring areas.
That's my guess. I don't think we'll be back in classrooms at least till 2021. All right.
Well.
No, it looks nice. Got some nice wood paneling back there
and Yeah.
That's
a great idea. My my counterpart for the school district, he's just moved out into his garage and in the back of him is nothing but shelves of like boxes and tubs. It's like we got to do something with that maybe.
She does occupational therapy for R. E. S.
D. So she does uh neighboring districts. So
out
out in corvallis and out towards the coast and stuff. Yeah.
Uh It's
it's been modified to though, it's one of those things where they've gone very remote. Uh there's probably going to be a handful of times, she might have to go in and kind of mask up and do something, but for the most part right now it's all the implementation thing, so it's getting the familiar students back on course and
then trying to learn about the new students.
enough.
the summer I have a nine in our sorry, eight and almost 10 year old, she'll turn she'll turn 10 and a couple weeks here. Uh So we kept busy, they thrive on more structure kind of idea. So we had like a routine for the summer and I had to keep busy, but my wife gets the summers off, so it was one of those things and then uh with school we started up with an online christian school out
of florida called Rebecca and they have a really nice system. Uh it looks like they may be recorded stuff maybe a couple of years ago, maybe last year. And so it's nice and set, its established uh we had next to no hiccups with it, It takes a little extra work from me and my wife, but I mean you're talking about maybe an hour and a half during the weekend of prep for the week and then grading papers and giving feedback.
yeah, we have a we have a pretty good structure for it now, so each day they have their own folder of their assignments and they go through in order with the videos presented. And so they have like a classroom environment kind of idea where they have other students that are in the videos and they answer stuff. So it has a little bit of that chemistry, but I mean it doesn't replace the actual classroom and they seem to have adjusted to it now. There's a couple of bits of the curriculum that were a little more advanced than even what they were doing last year at their private school. But I mean it seems to be working well now.
Yeah. My go to for that is just go well, let's see what the instructions tell you to do
and then
read it like you're reading to them, but you're really absorbing it for that minute.
Tim.
Yeah, very similar. Um what we started seeing was them drift away. So as they were hanging out with their friends, they were picking up other behaviors and other things that were not their normal. And so now that they've been stuck in the house with us, we're starting to see like the good behaviors be
reformed
and that foundations cannot be reset so that that's been helpful. But you also see the reverse of that where uh they just start acting out and you don't understand why. And then as you try to talk to him, we find out, oh man, these kids are just missing that that kid contact that we can't provide being
adults,
we don't have that same level of energy or creativity or.
Well.
Yeah, two totally different worlds. It's hard to merge them. Um We have I have a good friend down in san Diego who has kids similar ages. Tars ones like three months older and once three months younger kind of thing. So we started doing a Minecraft, we got a Minecraft realm up and they all kind of jump on there and talk to each other and
mess
around,
Yeah, we set up a discord server form so it's just them, they can do their little gifts to each other, they can do little chats and stuff.
Yeah, that's gonna be the hard part, right? Because their their worlds are still developing and
they see even some of the questions they ask, make me think that they're expecting this to be the new norm and never it will never get better.
Yeah, that's my hope to I'd hate to have to stay as socially distance as we are. We we had to go to the extreme because my father in law got cancer right before all of this. So he went through chemo and had lower deficient uh huh. Systems going on. And then I got diagnosed with a heart condition in february.
Yeah. So is one of those things where one of the first things they said was if you have any kind of heart conditions or heart disease this is going to hit your hearts were like all right or hunkering down.
Um My wife and kids and her parents went to Crater Lake for a couple of days
and that.
Oh it's absolutely beautiful. Yeah we were there just a few years ago, they're already talking about going back next year too. But yeah we went there into the beach once just getting a beach house that way. It's just us that are that's in there and stuff.
High desert.
we're in what's called the Willamette Valley, so we have mountains on either side of it. So it goes coast mountain bus and then more mountains and then the high desert.
Um I want to say that's like a 3-hour drive, something
like
that. It's a it's a good stretch stretch
About our 45 minutes or so.
Yeah I mean that we have a lot of friends that are from California now to that are up in this area. It's everybody does that. They try to get a little bit further north away from the California politics and taxes and stuff.
huge difference when we moved here 11 years ago. Um Yeah we've paid I think it was 30 bucks more a month to own a house than to rent a half the size apartment down in san Diego out in the East County even. So it was like that's been already
yeah it's gone through the roof like our house. We bought it at like 200 K. And it's valued about 3 50 now. It's just nuts.
That's right.
Never.
Yeah. That's interesting because not only that you increase your risk by using everything that's public, so using the elevator using stairs, using cabs. Yeah. Yeah. Like that makes sense. You'd want to get out of there.
huh. Yeah. Even us, we're sitting in just about 18, square feet and it's like we're sitting here going uh maybe we should get something bigger since we're gonna be working from home. I mean this is getting a little cramped now.
Yeah, the Donnie hiccup I noticed was we weren't we weren't sure how much remote we were going to be at the beginning. So like I just took my surface pro home and then it was just working a lot hunched over working on and I was like, this is getting stupid. By the end of the first week, I had like aches and pains and I was like, hey, I'm just going to take my whole rig. So I went and grabbed my three monitors and the desktop and I ended up getting a standing desktop. And so it's, it's one of these things where it's like once you have your setup, you're fine, but at the beginning we didn't
know
I've
been
drunk,
What?
Hey?
yeah, exactly. You might see more people head into the midwest forth all of this to, or it's cheap.
Yeah, we were heavily impacted
by those at a certain point, we're getting close to being a level three getting kind of prepped and ready. It was only about 20 miles from our house. Um and then where my boss was living, he was uh stage to like it was, if it jumped anymore, he would have had to get out of there quickly.
Yeah. One is, you need to get out, three is get ready.
No, should be fine. It happens once in a while. Usually it's more up in the high desert. Uh, and whenever you drive like over two sisters or bend or something like that, you'll see just swaths of forest just burnt to the crisp and we never hear about that. We might get a little smoke that comes into the valley, but this
one
got really close.
it was nuts.
The first couple of nights was we were reported as especially where I live as the worst air quality in all of the world and I was like, that's not true. And I looked it up and I was like, it's true, Okay. All right. But
for the most part, we got a little bit of smoke still this last week. You could just smell it in the air.
I think that was actually up from California, though
a lot of ours have been contained or uh it also pushed to the east, so.
There's been
nuts,
Yeah.
Yes. Likewise stay safe and healthy