you mean All right?
I promise. But you can just
watch
shape
But I'm gonna give me one minute but
Can you hear me?
I said welcome to a session like
one. I'm tom what's the name?
Okay nice. See I took him to you.
Um Yeah great. Like you get them in it, new people and have interesting conversations. We could talk about anything to anyone to. I'm just
talking for 25 minutes or so. Does it?
How many times have you during the conversation?
It is the 1st 1. Mhm. So I'm not part of the such as like I mean politic deserves you. So we don't get to talk about anything once for 25 minutes and we let down we end the charts on Completes Day. Um The questionnaires uh completely study like does it? Yeah.
So what do you want to talk?
What do you want to know?
um
We talked about? Okay.
What's your favorite movie?
Okay.
So um I've seen a Good Day to Die or so I think I'm saying um there's the one that acted in London, like it was a it was climbing a train or something. Like I've forgotten the tight so I'll
asking
them.
Okay. I do on netflix. So what are you watching it?
Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. So you don't want T. V. Shows or anything just
Yeah. Yeah, I do want tv shows.
What game of drones breaking back The Good Doctor um The Good Wife That is about a lawyer. Like now it's a law like um they generate about low, like there's a lady like her husband was the governor of his state or something and he cheated on her. Like she was basically like uh stay at home mom or something like that. So he cheated on her and there was a huge scandal and so she has to like keep appearances or um like support her husband because of his career and he was like but after like I'm supporting like going to the person talking and everything, she now decided to be like and to be independent like to start to start working. So she was a lawyer like before she got married or something then it's very like started um working as a lawyer and taking on cases under arrest. Like that's how it developed. It's kind of interesting if you like law.
Maybe the way I explained it and that's like
mixing
someone.
you do right.
Whoa,
whoa.
But like body kick you just like for the first two episodes like that's when all those like so
the rest of like this isn't like the first season I was so like all these like she's getting to work and it's all these no now she's like you know this or something so she's trying to learn the ropes and everything how to win cases are now too be a better lawyer. And
and there was a guy
like
are they love him? She was
working with, there was a guy was both of them were into it so that like this is like developing relationship and like after the husband the government cheated on her like they had they like they like they can have like an occupied or something like she she can have uh
our relationship or something like that like so.
it's not a sudden uh
yes you're talking about, it's not as sad like it's interesting
like.
Yeah this was just one aspect of the, obviously I'm saying there are different characters and under is like oh well it's not it's not it's not too sad.
Yeah it's most persistent for like um I didn't he expects of this um The man she was like close with having a a relationship with blank, he's the only thought season also like they shot him in the court office and he died and it was it was a big character like it was a big character in the in the show. Like I didn't expect like those killer, the character just like that they shot him in the courtroom like he was differently.
Yeah so that was a major shock but you kind of make it more interesting like you don't know what to expect and anything come and this happened. Uh huh. I like um like what I put it uh at the end like towards the student for so she um when she's like much more better and it was like she she and the players decided to go to form their own law firm and the rest and from that show, The Good Wife, like they did a spin off like they did a spin of arm and started a new tv shoe, a new tv show entirely. It was like, so that's the good way to get back to another tv show again.
Uh huh. I can't imagine. It's something that is something they got something like, is it a good fight now or something?
seems very
mm So what do you do for fun? Like? Okay, what's, what are your hobbies or interests or something?
The claim books? Really? Uh huh.
Ah It don't look like a clam, but now like
how
high can you go?
huh.
uh I've never think of like campaign mom's everybody is so some tomatoes.
Okay. Okay. That was nice. What else?
Mhm. I got T. V. Shows. I play games, I play games online. I play soccer a bit.
We have a look at him close by myself. I want someone somewhere like drinking to plan. But I'm not that like I'm not a regular in the team. Like maybe I play uh five times or six times a month or so.
hmm.
Yeah. Like twice a week. Yeah,
basically those guys
we don't. Yeah. Um So what did you vote for if I'm if that's not too personal
for
you,
would
the foot from,
would you vote for votes?
Is it?
I mean the fact country, I'm just like, I'm just curious.
I just guess like
I know the youth i in Britain
where
why
are you? Uh huh
Uh huh. Yeah
your background like it
looks like and he was like let me guess the Spence you Floyd know florida. No. Oh
thanks again.
Really? So you Okay. Um But your president haven't considered congratulated by them for the election, They're
still
hanging on.
maybe
he's like he's hanging on. I'm waiting for a miracle. I'm like he's waiting for something to change miraculously aunt. Uh But she just like uh prepare, prepare himself to leave the office and maybe going it's not a particularly or something or just find some way to cool off and and
accepted
defeat.
But if you decided like um he won't live like he's definitely election. But what will happen to him, would it be like with a where the armed forces not kick him out or like and can you do that Like
besides
not to not to step down?
What?
I should. Okay. Okay. Oh so what does he want to talk about? How long have you been doing politic?
No.
Oh um I would like to say like four months ago. So
Yeah. Uh Mostly service like like previously before the election they are misleading. So this about some some investigative student also like we are seeing psychological
so
these or something like that like so no two ones are the same. Like
those defense and so maybe about game they'll
say you
should play a game on.
So maybe they'll give you different options. We did decide
to choose uh 1 20 the last day or choose 1000 the last in the next two months. And so like just different. Yeah. Well.
huh.
Oh um Okay. They were asked um how many minutes do you have to come and have a conversation with your partner? I'm not on the ice. I was a I was a conversation.
Did you find it amusing?
great or good or bad? It's uh yeah so um
let's
see there are some bubbles like they'll give you some options to choose from then. So I'll give you there is a god given right thing. There's a place you have to type to ask you the beginning of the conversation, what happened like how did they begin the commission went? So you have to type that one out yourself. And it's And they have to type like 50 words, Minimum minimum of 50 words. Dog, dog counted. Like sed there's a word counts over there. So anybody type in the counting So Uh music after that one was saying what happened during the middle of the conversation? Another 50 words. You have to type it then immediately after that, what happened at the end of the conversation? Another 50 words your type. Then you know that feeling somebody who's you know what bob was like All this one. I don't give you multiple options to choose from. Yeah. So maybe about that. You think about 10 to like 15 minutes or so 10 minutes to fill. So that's it. You know it for your burners if you get the proof. Yeah. Yeah.
Those.
No I'm no baby. If like if we had a chat for 25 minutes all the bonuses uh
definitely gonna come true. But
there are some like um some partners will not show up so
they won't give you the burners on in tonight. You have to reschedule fun another time like after after you finish sisters that you can't be scared of. Formula. Um They if you if you are willing to speak on another one so you take your men and as well. So if what my national will be after the schedule formula there. So
but there was one but there was one of like my partner didn't show up and I scheduled and don't give me it was a gondola. So uh for for waiting for some time for my translation.
Uh Yeah. Uh huh.
No
like I don't I just go with it. Like anything we talked about like I don't anyway like the beginning of the commission it will be awkward like we get daily to our universe and maybe at the middle of commendation like that's when we have like papa maybe we'll find some topic of interest between um man a partner. Like that's how we talk. You know it and at the end sometimes we're looking at times so to wind down and
oh so it depends on the chart that now. So.
What kind of uh
Okay. Do you think they are recording a video right now? So it's okay.
Whoa.
Uh huh. I don't know. Uh Yeah. They may be like maybe it happened um The research will be about like Having to see two people from different states or different countries like have a chat and what what we talk about since curious meeting yourself for the first nine months or something. I don't like it was a maybe psychological connection name or emotional or like if they can find something meaningful to talk about or something better than shame common or something to talk about.
Uh Like when I first like the first thing I did I was thinking maybe they were creating like a first time or zoom or something. They arrested. They're trying to test their their network and to see if you're surprised right or something. But uh Oh
yeah. Mhm. And I don't think so. Uh maybe if there is a case like I'm thinking they will tell us that the loading up or something like it wouldn't be just like over the browser or something, wow.
So do you have any pets? Do you have any cats? Dogs, fish?
Barbara.
So you just want to stay in one place, Aunt, he doesn't want to underground,
I'm
Uh huh. What kind of sad?
Yeah, I think so.
I don't have a fish. I don't have any pets. Uh Like one sunday. Okay.
Yeah, wow. Let me um I would get
to
go down between brow.
Yeah, I had a I had a very smart or something.
Yeah, awesome. I think that that would be my choice if if I ever get bits. What?
Yeah, I'll be soon. So how many minutes have we'll
be
chatting
for?
Okay, lets wait time. 26. Uh
It was, it was nice setting it to like how fun for the rest of your day and
I wish,
I wish you best be
sure best of luck. But II