SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. Welcome. What? Yeah wow. Yeah. Good morning mm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi everyone, I can hear me okay Fantastic. New headphones. Oh my God, what's next to meet you? Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: and give us the specific topic to talk about right,
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: but they give us some extra profit
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: to pop provinces.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of interesting and we're just kind of like yeah you're gonna you know uh you meet someone and yeah chat for 25 minutes there you go. So
SPEAKER_L: this is actually the second time that I've done this one and it's pretty cool to get to meet people. So how's quarantine been treating you?
SPEAKER_R: oh well does you know it is what it is it's uh you know just trying to deal with it on a day by day basis I guess all things considered I'm in Seattle it's not too awful I guess you know I mean it's yeah it's it's uh in comparison to other places I guess you know relatively speaking I guess it's not too bad so but not great.
SPEAKER_L: What have you been up to do it like has it affected your work? Have you just been staying home?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No not I mean not really it hasn't affected my work. I've been working uh only working from home for about four or five years now so that hasn't changed in any way. So that routine pretty much stayed the same. So I haven't really had any huge impact on me. You know just trying to minimize the number of times obviously going out or going shopping or doing anything like
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: it easy.
SPEAKER_R: Um but you know, still being able to manage and get to go outside, we live in a quiet neighborhood, so get to go out and walk around and stuff and what not and whatever. So it has a massive impact. It's just been weird obviously, and it's just been kind of, you know. Yeah, so, oh
SPEAKER_L: do you do that you can work from home with?
SPEAKER_R: I do work on metadata, so I do it on a freelance contract basis, uh work on projects for various companies or related to processing and managing metadata in some way or categorizing um um um uh content in some way, so Oh,
SPEAKER_L: do you do that? Like what program do you use if I can ask?
SPEAKER_R: well, it it depends. I mean um for um some
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: projects
SPEAKER_L: ever,
SPEAKER_R: that I work on and work on a platform and application that the company has, um they didn't know they already have a system um in house and it's just really looking into their system and and working through that if it's something else like um I will do the work. It's a data analysis project um depending on the source of the data. Um I'll use different types of tools, I'm kind of old school um so I'll try to convert things um
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: into
SPEAKER_L: company? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: format and use access um
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: which is an old program but it works really, really well for me and generally I'm able to kind of work with that and uh manipulate that or using uh analyzer tools that are kind of a commonly commonly available. So, so stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool. So I did something actually very similar with matt lab. I worked in a lab and did some of that data analysis with all of it. So what is exactly the difference, like what do you like about those different programs that you're using?
SPEAKER_R: Gosh, I mean, you know, it's it's I suppose these abuse um primarily, you know, so that um you can kind of jump in and kind of figure things out. Um So so for example, I mentioned access and I've been using it for for a long, long, long time and I kind of learned that on my own kind of kind of kind of trial by fire kind of kind of thing, but it was relatively um intuitive and you could figure things out, um you know, without
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: too
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: much difficulty being able to, you know, go online, look at resources or what not to use their help functions and so on and so forth. Um so so that, you know, it's
SPEAKER_L: Except
SPEAKER_R: kind of, it's kind of a big deal to be able to kind of, you know, figure out what you need to do and what not or whatever without too much, too much too much difficulties. Yeah, I guess that's the main thing, I suppose, you know, so uh
SPEAKER_L: How did you get into that? So you said that you've been freelancing for the past five years? What did you major in to get to that? What did you start out with to transition over?
SPEAKER_R: that's a complicated question, that kind of thinking, it's
SPEAKER_L: Your own rights?
SPEAKER_R: really for me it was really kind of ad hoc. Um um So I mean going all the way back, I mean in terms of how I actually got into uh data work and and what not, it was almost accidental. Um I had been working um for a record retail uh company and um we used to use the system and in the house inventory management system that had um data analysis capability. And this is a long time ago, by the way, so, you know, kind
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: of kind of in the early, early, early days of
SPEAKER_L: I was like,
SPEAKER_R: the of the of the internet, but it was interesting and, you know, I kind of was kind of interested in and uh fascinated by it, and then as it turns out a lot of folks um left that that directive, retail business and started going into companies start ups and so on, and I had an opportunity to go into one. I'm nothing like I said, I mean, I I don't even think I had a computer at that time when I started working for this company, so just kind of learned, as I said, learned by doing out of out of necessity um no formal training. Um you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: know, I took a couple of course is here and there, you know, but no real, yeah, I don't have a degree or anything. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. Like the fact that you're able to do that without even needing a degree, like you got in on the ground floor. That's so cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean parts, I mean part of it is, look, I mean, I happen to be at the right place at the right time and happen to be in the circumstances that allowed me to be able to kind of really learned this kind of hands on, which is great um and
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: learned from a lot of folks, you know, and what not developers and engineers and and stuff that I was working with, that just happened because they have been very fortunate to have landed in this environment where I had the opportunity to kind of like I sort of learned and apply it kind of on our hands on basis so that just kind of you know grew and developed so um when I was still in the corporate world, all the roles that I was involved in, work was working with and managing teams that were doing this type of work, metadata, content, work and what not and whatever, so it just kind of continually kept learning and kept, you know, just just be a experience and so on and so forth. When about five years ago, as I said, you know kind of made an exit from the corporate world, um I was fortunate in having, you know, I made a lot of contacts and you know new folks and what not and whatever and so there were things available to be able to work on on a freelance basis, so kind of you know, very flexible on my own time, which perfect what I wanted um at at that time. And so I kind of just kind of naturally grew and developed, you know, again it wasn't really like a plan, I'm going to go out now and I'm gonna market
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: myself
SPEAKER_L: you for responding.
SPEAKER_R: and create a web page and do all this kind of stuff like that kind of that kind of you know, just kind of just kind of some what happened and uh so yeah, yeah, so it just just kind of like I said, you know, unfortunate that you know, opportunities have been there, like I said, a good contacts and um yeah, so just just just just you know, hopefully hopefully to keep going. So,
SPEAKER_L: That's really something that I've noticed a lot with like people like even with my dad and such like really getting into computers. They never really started out with it. Especially when it was like 90s, early 2000s when it wasn't super popular and now it's a thing it's like your whole thing. Have you like noticed
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: it completely being your thing and you never saw this coming?
SPEAKER_R: again, like I said, I mean, you know, we we go into my, my my my my first exposure with computers was in uh 1970. Um I was in high school and we had uh but the high school and it was, it was set up a computer program. Um and so I was fortunate to.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. All right don't worry about it. I'll tell you about after. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry I'm living back home so I just literally moved back from college.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: When you go to college,
SPEAKER_L: U. G. A. Of course I'm
SPEAKER_R: ma,
SPEAKER_L: from Georgia and I've noticed you
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: have a little bit of an accent. Have you always grown up in the same area? Did you move here?
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: from new york originally, well, we'll see this little about
SPEAKER_L: I figured
SPEAKER_R: ago.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: figured that was the accent. I'm so bad with accents. I really am.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, it's okay,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, that is so cool. So what made you move to Portland? You said? Right
SPEAKER_R: No Seattle.
SPEAKER_L: Seattle. All right,
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: right
SPEAKER_R: so so what, I actually actually ended up being a work opportunity um
SPEAKER_L: Mr
SPEAKER_R: um I had, I had made a couple of trips out to Seattle and actually had made a trip as a family to Seattle and liked it a lot. Um and then um, shortly thereafter an opportunity came up for a job out here and kind of convened with the family and said, what do you think we want to, you know, make make a big move like that. I think we were all kind of ready to, you know, to, to make to make a move. Um, and yeah, they were all on board and uh, so we just kind of Upton and, and went, so they're kind of singing in a casual way. Obviously, you know, people are like, well, that's kind of a big deal, right? You know, new york all your life, you just kind of get up and move all the way to the other side of the country. Yeah, I guess so. But you know, it was exciting for us and like, we just thought as a new opportunity and uh, and like I said, going to a place that is really kind of cool, kind of fun. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What's the biggest difference between the two
SPEAKER_R: gosh,
SPEAKER_L: of you could compare them?
SPEAKER_R: you know, I mean, in terms of the actual city Seattle is a small city uh you know, I think what the population, I don't, I don't even think it's a million people uh
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: here where new york, what, it's over eight million people. So the sculpt density, the vibe, the whole, it's very different. This is obviously that very Northwestern vibe. It's, you know, much more, well at least it was seven years ago when we moved out here, you know, much more laid back, you know, much more, much more calm. Um um yeah, so, so, so, so the pace and the, and the, and the, and the overall vibe was very, very different both of them in terms of culturally and both in terms of, like I said, physically, the scope of the city and whatnot and whatever. So so very very very different you know? Um So but at the same time it still was a city with a lot of you know culture um a lot of you know activity. There was
SPEAKER_L: Wonderful
SPEAKER_R: you know very vibrant um city. So it's still kind of had that energy you know?
SPEAKER_L: dr
SPEAKER_R: Um So a little bit different flavor I guess to new york, but it still had you know like I said that that that that that energy so it wasn't like that much of a drastic difference where it was like whoa you know like I moved to a farm or something, you know kind of kind of thing. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you said that you grew up in new york, like this is new york city that you grew up in.
SPEAKER_R: My Brooklyn
SPEAKER_L: How was that? I'm a suburbs kid like my whole life. It blows my mind that you could just like walk to the store on your own. Like
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: that's still a 20 minute bike ride for me, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I see, I see. Yeah I guess so. You know I mean it's like anything else and you know I never really thought about it was what it was, right? I mean, that's that's what, that's what you grew up with and what not and whatever. So yeah, suburbs for me, we're kind of a foreign and strange thing. You know, my first exposure to it and we eventually actually did, you know, kind of move, move, move to suburbs, you know, way, way, way later on. But you know, um yeah, you know, it's like anything else. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's good and it has its advantages and so on. But you know, on the other hand, it, yeah. You know, it's like anything else. So I don't know. I don't know. So
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well this is going to be such a dumb question, but I ask everyone that I meet this, what is your favorite childhood memory like just first thing that pops out your absolute favorite.
SPEAKER_R: good Lord. That's a great question. Should I should have prepared myself.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just a talker. I'm one of those weird people that like even if I go to get my tires rotated, I talked to the people sitting in the waiting room, it's awful. I'm a chatterbox
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: disgusting.
SPEAKER_R: the thing actually so the purposes because I'm not so so that that would've, that would've been interesting and awkward. You know, if it was someone like me trying to fill up 25 minutes, so this works out well. Favorite childhood memory. Gosh! Um she whiz. Um well while I'm trying to think of that, what you tell me yours since it's kind of your question, I'm gonna throw it back at you.
SPEAKER_L: See it's just I don't remember a lot of my childhood. I have a really bad memory, which is one of the reasons why I like asking other people about it. You know, it's like a connection to my own. I've it sparks other things like
SPEAKER_R: you know, so kind of related to you to what we were talking about, your question about, you know, like I said me growing up in Brooklyn and kind of growing up in that very much city environment and what not and what was that like and whatever and so kind of you know the same thing, I'm much older than you, so my childhood memories go away, we're further difficult to pull out. But one thing that I remember vividly was first time um and it must have been a school trip or a class trip was an elementary school and they took us to Prospect Park. I don't know if, you know, Brooklyn at all, or you know, uh what Prospect Park is kind of the equivalent almost a Central Park in in in Manhattan, it huge park, beautiful, beautifully landscaped. I think Prospect Park was an Olmstead Park, similar to to to to Central Park, but but it's it's huge and it's beautiful and I had never seen anything like that, I just remember the grass and how green it was and because again, I lived where we lived, there was very little grass, very few trees, um very urban, um you know, a lot of cement and concrete and you know, you played in the street uh and and stuff, so I was just like, wow, it's just like holy cow, you know? Uh So yeah, I remember that pretty, pretty, pretty vividly self, it ties into what we're talking about, so there you go.
SPEAKER_L: And see, and now I can I can bounce off of that because I can now remember that one of my favorite memories was like one of my birthday
SPEAKER_R: it's just
SPEAKER_L: parties
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: that I had when I was really little. We had this whole entire survivor party. it was fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: My parents
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: have always
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: been so crazy about like doing the birthdays really well, it was always so amazing, like all the friends and it was at the park. I mean it's just it's weird little things like that, it's weird being back home because I passed that park when I was heading on the way back in, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, interesting and interesting. So I want to see something because so you said you've done one other of these types of calls, same format where there was no no agenda, no no topic, no nothing just kind of jump in and what not interesting because I've done um I'm not that many, I've done a couple of them, but the ones that I've done did have a a structure. One interesting one that I did was paired me up with someone. And first um I was kind of briefed by the moderator
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: um in terms of what the topic was. You know, you filled out your little survey what based on that came up with a with a with a topic and had specific instructions in terms of how to conduct myself during the conversation we would find nothing a topic where I had one particular point of view and my conversation partner apparently had the opposing view. We were supposed to
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: talk about that and I was told to be very um polite and very appreciative of my conversation partners point of view and kind of say it and be very you know kind of what not and whatever. What I didn't know going into the conversation is my partner had opposite set of of instructed so I'm having a conversation with him and I was saying gee I appreciate your point of view and I thank you for telling me that and thank you for bringing that up to me and what not you know kind of really going all the time. And he on the other hand was like really abrupt and really and I'm like whoa dude what you know what happened? Didn't you get to you know didn't you get the instruction? And then afterwards found out that no he had gotten a different set of instructions. I wo okay so so interesting. Like I said how they set up that kind of whole whole whole scenario. So so that was that was interesting. And then the only other one I did, you know just a round about way of me coming around to it. So you know me thinking about it, I said I'm not good in uh in social situations where I meet somebody new in terms of you know trying to come up with conversation or interesting things to say what I think um and you know and I'm like you know what I mean? You know, so what are we gonna do? We're gonna do the whole generic thing, hi, what do you do, where you're from? Like, you know, whatever. That's good. But I'm more fascinated by the mechanics and the logistics of it, in other words. So I'm fascinated by people like you who are able to meet someone and start talking about stuff, you know, and and hold a conversation where I'm like after I'm, yeah, here's what I do, I'm done. You know, I have nothing, I'm thumped is what else to say. So I'm fascinated by that. Um, and so to me, like I said, you know, the, the, the logistics and the mechanics of this. I just got automatically started thinking, well, what are these researchers kind of really trying to get at here? You know what not? Um, you know, if if I think about it, I'm like okay why am I doing this? Well, I'll be honest, I'm doing it because it seems like an easy way to make a few bucks, you know, uh chat with somebody for 25 minutes and I'm done. You know, I'm not looking to make a connection necessarily conversation great if I don't whatever, you know? And so they must obviously know that, you know? And so it's like yeah, what do they gain from it? And I'm sure, like I said, there's so much more involved in it and so much more, you know, like I said, I mean in terms of what they're, you know, kind of how they're approaching it that, you know? But but I'm kind of fascinated by it. So anyway. Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no, me too. I could literally talk about the different variables
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: that I think they're looking at right now, I think they're looking at the percentage of how each people talk about. If they maintain eye contact, they smile or if they not along and then they might even be cross referencing it based on your guided conversation where you were told to be polite versus where you weren't given any instruction here which would be so interesting. Like it's such an interesting study. You know how people communicate and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no. Yeah, I get it. Like I said, you know me, I was just trying to, you know, and like I said, I was a little surprised at first when it was like yeah, just start chatting, but then I'm like, no, okay, because that's a you know, that's the thing obviously, and yeah, if someone like me who's fascinated by people that can do it and want to understand it well, this is how you do it, right? Yeah. You observe people and see, you know, how they how they go about it and to understand that. And the difference is, like I said, between different personality types and what not and whatever. So yeah, it's pretty it's pretty it's pretty wild um
SPEAKER_L: I'm not gonna lie. I also think they're testing about how often we talk about current events and such, especially when we're stuck in the house. You know? Of course we're going to start the conversation with Covid like how can you not?
SPEAKER_R: I which is interesting to like I said, when you when you put that in perspective where, you know, if you if you think about this kind of a thing in quote unquote normal times, right, whether it's not something like that going on,
SPEAKER_L: Is that,
SPEAKER_R: then it becomes a little bit more of a challenge, but obviously you don't have that ready made. You know, hey, Covid, right? You know what we're going to talk about it? Um if you don't have that, then all of a sudden it's like, well, okay, where's our common ground? You know, what do we what do we talk about? You know, once we pass, you know, where do you live and what do you do kind of stuff and then it starts becoming uh interesting. I suppose so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well you know I even started
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: out this conversation with a what do you do question? It's just I'm
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: genuinely interested in data technology and all that stuff and computer science. I love asking questions you know?
SPEAKER_R: look good. No, that's president. That makes them makes sense. Like I said, I mean you gotta get the conversation going somehow, right? So what else, what else can you do? Like I said, you have
SPEAKER_L: Head
SPEAKER_R: to find
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: some common points of interest or some, you know, some kind of thing, you know, where you can um start starting, start engaging in in some way. So yeah, no, it totally, it totally, it totally makes sense. So, so you said you just double college finished
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: college,
SPEAKER_L: well done thank goodness I'm done with
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: now out into the wild world back home, but I mean, you know, wild world of trying to make
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah. It's it's especially hard with Covid right now you know, especially with unemployment so high,
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: worst time.
SPEAKER_R: I can't I'm having a hard time imagining it, you know, and what not, and I have I have two boys and their round about your age I think, and, you know, my biggest, you know, anxiety and worries and whatnot or whatever is around them, you know, it's like, I can't picture I, you know, I can't wrap my head around it, you know, because like I said, when I said to you, it's not having a huge impact on me, I'm continuing to do my work, I'm kind of okay, you know, it's not a big deal um you know, I'm just kind of, you know, drifting towards full retirement, so yeah, you know, like I said, this is not as as impactful as too, but you guys, it's like, gosh, you know, now you have to try to think about, okay, you have to go in the world and start my career and whatnot and whatever, but yeah, hold on, you have a challenge here because you got this going on, I just can't, you know, I I just
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: can't problem that.
SPEAKER_L: the biggest problem that like a lot of people are having, especially a lot of my friends who just graduated is that they are not only competing with unemployed people,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: also competing with the furloughed people and the people who just got laid off and are about to be hired back so all those new positions are going to be taken by their employees that they got rid of.
SPEAKER_R: Wretch.
SPEAKER_L: Which is just a tough situation for the companies to like I get it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just crazy crazy all around and like I said, you know, and and so and so a lot of the traditional um um um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, venues and opportunities and whatnot and whatever have been, you know, kind of taken away. So for example, if it's somebody, you know, if if you were in the arts, you know, let's set, you know, you're selecting or music or whatnot or whatever
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and,
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: imagine.
SPEAKER_R: graduate. Obviously one of the things, you know, that a lot of folks do um is, well, you know, I got to get some kind of a job, you know, to kind of support me and whatnot or whatever while I'm trying to make my way into that world, so, you know, waiting a waitressing or bartending or whatnot or whatever, well, that's kind of gone, you know, so we go to a big extent stuff, so you don't have that, you know, even and so yeah, the whole dynamic and the paradigm is just shifted so much, like I said, it's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it still blows my mind how they've been
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: cutting social safety nets at the same exact time you know why would you cut unemployment when most people are unemployed? It I mean I get it to save money, but whose money?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, exactly. Like I said, you know, if you, yeah, if you really start, you know, like I said, talking about it and getting into it and whatnot or whatever, it just, it just just just a level of insanity and like I said, it very much feels like, you know, Kafka uh you know.
SPEAKER_L: it's very Kafka esque, it's
SPEAKER_R: No, no.
SPEAKER_L: That's such a great description for its dystopian, essentially, like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is, it is so so so yeah, no, you know, I wish you good luck, you know, I mean in terms of, you know, like I said, I mean hopefully we'll get back to normal, you know, that fascinates me to that everybody kind of uses that term. I'm like yeah, I don't know
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: about getting
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: normal,
SPEAKER_R: to normal.
SPEAKER_L: I genuinely don't know if I'm ever going to be comfortable in a crowd again, you know, like just watching a movie that has a big crowd makes me feel weird. I went through my phone and looked at videos that I took it like six flags of just waiting in line and I couldn't imagine,
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. Yeah. The fascinating thing to me is like I said, I mean, you know, again, like I said, you know, it breaks down in terms of demographics and whatnot and whatever, you know, where, you know to me where people of your age I think, you know, like I said will be fairly adaptable versus I think people that are in their forties, I think let's say, I think I have a much more difficult time from a social perspective, adapting and getting used to the idea that yes, I can't go to the movies the way I used to go to and that's going to be a real big
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: problem
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: for you. I think rather for guys like you, um where things have been shifting already in terms of, you know, social dynamics and how, you know,
SPEAKER_L: it's online versus in person and
SPEAKER_R: totally. Yeah, I mean like I said, you know, because I gotta talk to my son, you know, whatever and use outdated terms, you know? Like I said, I mean asking them if they're dating anybody and they'll be like, you know, no, we don't date, you know, it's not a thing anymore, you know? Kind of okay, I got it. So so that's all, that's all. But like I said for people, like I said that I think are like in their forties or thereabouts, you'll see people like my age, I don't think it's gonna be that difficult because
SPEAKER_L: it's just
SPEAKER_R: it's not that big of a deal for me. So yeah, if I'm not gonna be able to go out to restaurants that more and much more okay, you know, I've done all of that, you know, and I've enjoyed it, so I'm not gonna miss it that much, you know what I mean? Because I'm at that age and you know, I just like hanging out, relaxing, reading and listening to music and doing my little stuff so I'm good. But like I said, people in that middle area I think is really really gonna struggle with it and I'm not going to be able to understand, you know, how to do things differently. So bullshit bullshit.
SPEAKER_L: I said, I'm back home, so I get to see two people
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: in that exact age grade try to figure it out.
SPEAKER_R: can you can use it
SPEAKER_L: I'm here to help.
SPEAKER_R: uh well you help, you should be uh you can observe it in a scientific way, you
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: know? So you
SPEAKER_L: notebook,
SPEAKER_R: fascinating
SPEAKER_L: hold your bang.
SPEAKER_R: hope for sure.