Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. Welcome. What? Yeah wow. Yeah. Good morning mm.
Hi everyone, I can hear me okay Fantastic. New headphones. Oh my God, what's next to meet you? Hi
and give us the specific topic to talk about right,
but they give us some extra profit
to pop provinces.
this is actually the second time that I've done this one and it's pretty cool to get to meet people. So how's quarantine been treating you?
What have you been up to do it like has it affected your work? Have you just been staying home?
take
it easy.
do you do that you can work from home with?
do you do that? Like what program do you use if I can ask?
Have
you
ever,
Your
company? Okay.
This is
that's really cool. So I did something actually very similar with matt lab. I worked in a lab and did some of that data analysis with all of it. So what is exactly the difference, like what do you like about those different programs that you're using?
You
know,
Except
How did you get into that? So you said that you've been freelancing for the past five years? What did you major in to get to that? What did you start out with to transition over?
Your own rights?
The
I was like,
No.
that's awesome. Like the fact that you're able to do that without even needing a degree, like you got in on the ground floor. That's so cool.
Mhm.
Thank
you for responding.
That's really something that I've noticed a lot with like people like even with my dad and such like really getting into computers. They never really started out with it. Especially when it was like 90s, early 2000s when it wasn't super popular and now it's a thing it's like your whole thing. Have you like noticed
it completely being your thing and you never saw this coming?
Mhm. Yeah. All right don't worry about it. I'll tell you about after. All right.
Sorry I'm living back home so I just literally moved back from college.
Yeah.
U. G. A. Of course I'm
from Georgia and I've noticed you
have a little bit of an accent. Have you always grown up in the same area? Did you move here?
No,
I figured
I
figured that was the accent. I'm so bad with accents. I really am.
Oh my gosh, that is so cool. So what made you move to Portland? You said? Right
Seattle. All right,
right
Mr
What's the biggest difference between the two
of you could compare them?
What?
Wonderful
dr
Yeah. So you said that you grew up in new york, like this is new york city that you grew up in.
How was that? I'm a suburbs kid like my whole life. It blows my mind that you could just like walk to the store on your own. Like
that's still a 20 minute bike ride for me, you know?
All right. Well this is going to be such a dumb question, but I ask everyone that I meet this, what is your favorite childhood memory like just first thing that pops out your absolute favorite.
I'm just a talker. I'm one of those weird people that like even if I go to get my tires rotated, I talked to the people sitting in the waiting room, it's awful. I'm a chatterbox
disgusting.
See it's just I don't remember a lot of my childhood. I have a really bad memory, which is one of the reasons why I like asking other people about it. You know, it's like a connection to my own. I've it sparks other things like
And see, and now I can I can bounce off of that because I can now remember that one of my favorite memories was like one of my birthday
parties
that I had when I was really little. We had this whole entire survivor party. it was fantastic.
My parents
have always
been so crazy about like doing the birthdays really well, it was always so amazing, like all the friends and it was at the park. I mean it's just it's weird little things like that, it's weird being back home because I passed that park when I was heading on the way back in, you know? Yeah.
What?
look,
no,
no, me too. I could literally talk about the different variables
that I think they're looking at right now, I think they're looking at the percentage of how each people talk about. If they maintain eye contact, they smile or if they not along and then they might even be cross referencing it based on your guided conversation where you were told to be polite versus where you weren't given any instruction here which would be so interesting. Like it's such an interesting study. You know how people communicate and whatnot.
I'm not gonna lie. I also think they're testing about how often we talk about current events and such, especially when we're stuck in the house. You know? Of course we're going to start the conversation with Covid like how can you not?
Is that,
Well you know I even started
out this conversation with a what do you do question? It's just I'm
genuinely interested in data technology and all that stuff and computer science. I love asking questions you know?
Head
up
with
well done thank goodness I'm done with
it.
I know. Yeah. It's it's especially hard with Covid right now you know, especially with unemployment so high,
it's
the
worst time.
Hi
the biggest problem that like a lot of people are having, especially a lot of my friends who just graduated is that they are not only competing with unemployed people,
they're
also competing with the furloughed people and the people who just got laid off and are about to be hired back so all those new positions are going to be taken by their employees that they got rid of.
Which is just a tough situation for the companies to like I get it, you know?
Yeah.
I
can't
even
imagine.
I mean it still blows my mind how they've been
cutting social safety nets at the same exact time you know why would you cut unemployment when most people are unemployed? It I mean I get it to save money, but whose money?
it's very Kafka esque, it's
That's such a great description for its dystopian, essentially, like,
there's
no
normal,
I genuinely don't know if I'm ever going to be comfortable in a crowd again, you know, like just watching a movie that has a big crowd makes me feel weird. I went through my phone and looked at videos that I took it like six flags of just waiting in line and I couldn't imagine,
I'm
like,
it's online versus in person and
it's just
I said, I'm back home, so I get to see two people
in that exact age grade try to figure it out.
I'm here to help.
I'll
notebook,
hold your bang.