SPEAKER_L: Right, right. Thank you. This type is the easiest and greatest idea ever or the most. But life are you going to call upon your allies? Maybe not. I don't want to qualify. Oh my allies joins me because I assume the arranged marriage really not only thing and I wish we could attack right now, lisa ships are ready. Yes. So not only did we away? Oh wait. Oh, oh wait. Oh God. I think we no, they're allies. Joy them. Oh no. Oh no. Okay. Wells, well, study. This is completely practical that you would insulting to get a peace treaty. This is a big mistake. I was hoping that that arranged marriage you would have now we have to attack. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you guys. This is not because yeah. All right bob. Yeah. Started tracking everywhere. Were still turning back Bill. Not correct. Blundering glory. We don't have enough resources to raise another army. Man. This made this double is hard. You were there king take out that for try to take out big major settlements. We've got to raise another army though. Yeah. This was speaking all right. You guys want to challenge this is a challenge. The wells report they maybe next time they'll be because I like you really are in war. Yeah. Mhm. But they're still busy with the wells. Oh my God. They didn't turn back. They're still not turning back. That's like going all right let's go. What? Yeah. Okay. We can all the result of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hello
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: good. nice to meet you. My name is Andrew.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, my name is Samantha. Nice to meet you too. What?
SPEAKER_L: how's it going today?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in New york city, it's uh pretty nice.
SPEAKER_R: nick. I'm in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: How nice. How's the weather there?
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: Warfarin,
SPEAKER_R: pretty nice. It's like 80s. Usually it's uh, we would go up and down a lot so we got to enjoy our nice days.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. I'm actually surprised, I feel like I've done this once and no one ever shows up for these things, you know what I mean, log nines and like no one's ever there
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done this one time I think one time before and I went fine. But I've heard that like, yeah, like people don't show up or there's like glitches and
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: five minutes
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you sign off, you get your $2 or whatever it is good. Um So do you do a lot of these like online money making things?
SPEAKER_R: Not that much like I feel like you know, I'm just at home more with work now so you know in your spare time
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: a little here and there beer money or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: bringing thing I just discovered it during this quarantine I'm like wow, there's like all these like other little you can
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: extra
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: side money so easily. It's great. I do this one else do user testing they've ever done that.
SPEAKER_R: I've done that for a little bit. Um But I feel like it's like sometimes it's just like hit or miss with like what you get like
SPEAKER_L: ma'am.
SPEAKER_R: it's like which is fine. But yeah, that's a good one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's the only two I really do. But it's a nice easy kind of uh quick thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, like with your time if you're like have downtime might as well.
SPEAKER_L: How's the quarantine been?
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's been okay. I think Chicago was was worse like right like right at the beginning like March april may probably the same time like New york city was worse. Um And then so like I don't know it's been it's been both good and bad, like my parents live here too, they're a little elderly so I just have to make sure checking in all that. And then my husband like travels for work. So like that's been kind of like I don't know you know
SPEAKER_L: During this time is he still traveling?
SPEAKER_R: he's still traveling during the time. So um he he works in um like uh industrial engineering, so I guess they're deemed like essential workers or for whatever reason because they do like his company does a lot of work on like hospital buildings and like things like that. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh let's go.
SPEAKER_R: terrible. Yeah. Um But it's hard on him because he uh like hell either drive or fly like to come back to see me, but because you know, flights and stuff, he's just been driving the whole time, which is like,
SPEAKER_L: Are probably smart.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no, it's definitely probably safer that way. But you know, it's a lot of like, yeah, I don't drive it also like I'm just like someone that needs to drive like I feel for that
SPEAKER_L: What line of work are you in?
SPEAKER_R: um I'm a strategy director for like a health care company. Um
SPEAKER_L: Cool.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Financial services like stuff. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's all right. We you know I mean it was really bad here in March and april like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I come into the office only because like it's close to my apartment and my girlfriend works from home too and it's just hear someone like is not, you know what I mean? Both of us there was getting like too much so no one comes in here. I got this whole place to myself now which is great. Um And it's just like a nice little it's too much time. You can't spend that much time.
SPEAKER_R: What? I don't know, I 100% like it's so funny like my husband I essentially are like. you know, I would deem it probably a long distance marriage, like we're apart probably like three or four days a week.
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: It like we've been that way for like years like it just works for us like like it's like I'm just like yeah like you know a little time apart during the week is like it's
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: you're used to it, you probably don't want them there on time. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. I can only imagine like two people especially like we don't have any kids like with families or something like both working from home. Oh my god like
SPEAKER_L: special
SPEAKER_R: proper with.
SPEAKER_L: apartment or like, you know, like a small living spaces, it's just not like normal, it's it's too much, but my office is going like we were planning on going full remote anyway because
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: we're a small company going to happen this year, or at least ends like end of november and this space, so my boss was like, he's retiring or whatever and he's gonna leave new york, so he's like, well just, you know, with technology, so this whole quarantine kind of just sped those things up. We're just uh it's been a, you know, a nice little practice run I guess, you know, to get everything going, but I don't know, I think I'll miss it when I'm home all the time.
SPEAKER_R: I think probably my
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: um my job even before quarantine was like fully remote but with like with travel like to see my teens and stuff like that. Um Obviously I'm not travel anymore but it was that was my first like fully remote job before I was like you know what jobs where you're like me working like one or two days at home like but you have an office here. Um I felt it was like a, it was like a change, it was like
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: a like a market change like you know, like to be fully remote like sometimes never meeting your team like I'm like, oh my
SPEAKER_L: weird. My girlfriend started a new job like literally the week before they started like Mark, we can march or whatever when the office the first week I met some people but like really has never met them other than the phone and zoom. Like she's like hired new people, like junior people that like haven't been able to move to new york city finally moving in next month maybe. But I'm like you need to like take them out and like kind of meet them in person because weird, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think there's just like a whole like culture that's created some time of just like, you know stopping by someone's desk and like talking for five minutes and
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: like a little chats that happen like you know between meetings and not that that can't happen over the phone or like on like video chat or whatever. But I just feel like it doesn't happen as much because like you have to make an effort to like call someone or do something not just like, oh, I'm
SPEAKER_L: who
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: It's yeah, there's definitely a loss of, you know, interpersonal relationships definitely. But I don't know, I do like I was always against it but I do like like rolling out of bed at 9:00 and like starting work. You know what I mean? I like the new thing. Like I got a Fitbit during this and like, like a challenge to get 10,000 steps. It's just you're sitting around all day, but I'm thinking about my life before this and I'm like, I would commute in, I would take a train, I would like go to the gym, I would walk to the gym, I would walk around the office like it was, it's just such a different world.
SPEAKER_R: It's so is like not my last up with the one before it and the past few like I live right downtown in Chicago and I used to walk to work uh like a 20 minute walk like like almost like an hour a day just like walking around like you go out for lunch with people like yeah like it's not that hard to like get your steps in, gonna be a little more active. Um But now even in my building like my gym has been closed like for a while like I'm sure a lot of gyms are closed maybe opening back up now. Like I thank god it's like nice out now, I can go outside and like going to work out a walk but like it's sad
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: your weather patterns just gonna start getting cold very soon too.
SPEAKER_R: Like 100% like we're lucky if we have like a nice September
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and it's gonna it's gonna be bad. So I'm just like man like I gotta uh now I'm like looking into like I mean we live in like you know a downtown apartment like you know like you know trying to get some like think this equipment in here like thinking like what
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: could happen.
SPEAKER_L: was a pellet time this weekend.
SPEAKER_R: I know so many people that have bought peloton, their stocks going up.
SPEAKER_L: Like uh we used to go to clap me and my girlfriend go to like spin class in the city all the time
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: wand, like I'd class passed so I didn't gym anymore. Uh And like, neither. I don't know, like, I think jim's going to open the first week in september here, but like 30% capacity or something, something like that and you have to wear mask the whole time. So we were like you know what like I don't know, we don't really want to do that so we looked into it And I think I was paying 150 a month for class fast, we did the math, the pellet on 60 Total split between two people, it's nothing you know like an interest financing and you get the service and the bike, so I'm like let's just let's do it, you know? But there's a two month lag we ordered it, we can't get until november 1st.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. That's what one of my girlfriends I think she bought it in june. She like they just got it like it was like just now like set up and like but she loves it now like the little interactive and like the classes and stuff like that so if
SPEAKER_L: we need,
SPEAKER_R: you're into
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: need something are like restaurant what's open in Chicago like.
SPEAKER_R: there is I mean there is a lot of like outdoor like seating now and like to go and stuff like that. Like my husband just last weekend we went to like an outdoor like seating place. I mean it felt like safe enough like. Like it's like all
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: the seatings like 6ft apart. You have to wear your masks unless you're eating everyone. All the servers are wearing masks and stuff like that. But that's what they say like the minute it turns cold and like a lot of these cities like, you know, people are not gonna like be able to do that like
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: which is
SPEAKER_L: there's no indoor dining yet.
SPEAKER_R: okay I think from what I saw like, not that we're like going out to eat that much anyway, but like it's only like indoor seating if There's I forgot what like you know those like big windows that kind of kind of open up. So I have for that's the only ones that I've seen. Like I haven't seen any places that are like 100% indoor that are um That are open and like doing it maybe because it's not worth it like because they have to do like I forgot what the rules are like every other seat or somehow like do six ft if you're in here too. And they're like for that capacity, a lot of restaurants are just like, it's not worth it to like open and function. How is it in New York?
SPEAKER_L: we have outdoor dining, same thing like streets, it's fine if it doesn't rain, like we've been caught outside once, it's like we get to rush home. I just, we were in Utah, we were like, we couldn't sit in our apartment anymore. We're like, I had a bunch of, she is unlimited vacation time, I have time. I have to take, I didn't take it, I'm gonna lose it and I don't think that like out here, so I'm like we better do something. So we were just like looking on states, we could go to and not get there and quarantine like Utah Wyoming I think we're the only one
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: we went out to Utah I mean we took a plane, it was like the flight there, we took United which was packed, it was like a cattle car, like
SPEAKER_R: heard that like
SPEAKER_L: what we could
SPEAKER_R: these flights are like totally full capacity and not like every other feet
SPEAKER_L: comfortable
SPEAKER_R: or whatever,
SPEAKER_L: going uh you know, everyone kept the mask on which is good
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Um, and they have like, they know there's no more like beverage service or like, you know, like they give you a little bag of like a snack and water. They're like
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: minimizing it. All right. The ride home, we took Delta, which was better because they're using like international planes, just that's over the row is like empty and it's unless you pick the seat, like you're not sitting next to anyone unless
SPEAKER_R: That air
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: so that
SPEAKER_R: together.
SPEAKER_L: I feel better on the Delta coming home. But Utah was like indoor dining was open. You know where your mask to go in and then you can take it off the table. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it was just, uh, they've had very few cases. So I guess, you know, we were talking to local people and they're like, we don't get it. We don't know what's going on. We had 800 people a day dying. It was like real serious. So
SPEAKER_R: like Brooke was one of the worst, but obviously one of the first to like really rein it in and like, you know?
SPEAKER_L: so it was good. I mean we quarantined after for whatever. We had to do two weeks
SPEAKER_R: Well that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: then uh you know, we're back in and I don't know anyone who's had the covid Or got like died from it. So you know my parents are like in their sixth, late 60s, early 70s. So and I couldn't see them for two weeks after. But you know
SPEAKER_R: Are they in New the area
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: as well?
SPEAKER_L: in suburban, yeah, they're in like suburbia. I'm in the city. So
SPEAKER_R: perfect. Yeah, we're in mid to um we're in new
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: york.
SPEAKER_L: worked
SPEAKER_R: You?
SPEAKER_L: in midtown and I live down the financial district.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. Yeah I used to um when I was in consulting I used to work in new york for several years and yeah I worked right in midtown, I love it. Like I'm like my brother's soul lives in new york but obviously can't like I can't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: visit
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: Chicago
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: actually. I went to time less. So my girlfriend, her all her friends live out there. We went to visit them. I had never been actually, which is crazy. We went last Labor Day for the first time and it was like amazing. I was like, oh this, it's like you can live so much better more for your plumbing out there is like crazy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I guess that's the point. I grew up in Chicago so it's always like hometown for me. But um yeah that's what a lot of like people in big cities or like you know new york or California saying like if you you can probably have pretty good jobs and like can can spend your money accordingly.
SPEAKER_L: like Labor Day was amazing. We're out on the lake. We were doing this, but then we went back in october for something and I was like, oh, so cold. I don't like it so quick.
SPEAKER_R: you got to like take the good with the bad. I felt like, I mean you think like other coasts are kind of similar weather, but it's like, I feel like it's not like, I feel like I used to live in boston. I was in new york for a while and like, I don't know, it's like so much more like moderated the weather. I'm just like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: investigated and busy easter.
SPEAKER_R: here,
SPEAKER_L: We do have some sort of seasonal change. Like it doesn't really get super cold here until february, january. But I don't know, it was cold in october. I was like not ready for Chicago
SPEAKER_R: I won't
SPEAKER_L: where I can do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, it was nice. You know all our friends live out there. They just had kids. He's like, I don't know what I'm going to see these kids. Like I don't think we can go visit them anytime soon. Just sad. Hopefully eventually. I don't know. I'm hoping by next summer at least there's something, you know, some sort of vaccine I
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I have to follow the news and stuff like that and I know like I forgot what it was like trump like fast tracked. Some kind of like
SPEAKER_L: one part of plasma therapy is
SPEAKER_R: Yes yes. Um And I'm like, I don't, I mean I don't know, I mean vaccines usually take like in reality like 4 to 5 years and they're trying to do it and like, you know like, you know under a year I'm sure like something will come up but like,
SPEAKER_L: even if they get one though, there's not gonna be enough supply, you know,
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it's going to take like, who's going to get in healthcare workers? Frontline people get it first, Okay. Everyone gets it like, you know?
SPEAKER_R: no I mean I forgot what it was. It was like some company that's like working at Regeneron or something like that. They're just like oh we can make like a million a year or something like that. I'm a million a year like you know like.
SPEAKER_L: europe. Like, I don't think that's gonna happen anytime, you know what I mean? I just, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Weird time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I mean I can imagine things will probably get a little bit better like with within the U. S. Like by next year or something like maybe that's just wishful thinking. Um
SPEAKER_L: I think, I think by this summer will not back, I think it's going to take like three years to get back to where we were, but I hope by next summer things, you know, I'm kind of just writing this year off were like, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh 100%. Yeah like we've had uh we're supposed to go to like Miami or something in in March. Something obviously like like we just pushed it out a couple of months because they were just like oh who know? You know, nobody knew in like March. And then like definitely just canceled it like in like august and we're just like, okay, well it is what it is like, you know, it's not like we're like people have it much worse like oh I can't go on vacation like boo for me. But or just like, I don't know like who knows when it'll be like, you know, back back to even like traveling and things like that within within like just the U. S. Like okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's weird like rents have really come down aggressively in the city because so many
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: fleeing
SPEAKER_R: question.
SPEAKER_L: basically home sales in the suburbs have gone way up because people want to be in the city, but like rents are way way down now, like
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: What I'm paying? Like I could like get like a much, I can keep my rent and get a much bigger place or get the same place for like $600 less, you know what I mean? It's crazy. And like midtown, like there's leases or no one's gonna get midtown, you know, office space anymore because of this
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm your man.
SPEAKER_L: long time.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know are I'm still friends with some people that I work with, like my old job that was in downtown here and they were like, yeah the office is open but like maybe only like executives with offices like with doors are like going in. Like nobody that like just has like seating and lycopene, you know, open floor plans are like going in and I'm like that's like the majority of the company, like what are you gonna do? Just like have the VPs? Like what does that do?
SPEAKER_L: like I have a friend who's, he's like, yeah, you can come back, but you have to wear a mask all day and like, like who's going to do that, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: mean I'm like pro mask like
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: probably covering up but like no, that's why you're alone.
SPEAKER_L: Barman and now we're the mask, you know? Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy. Um Have you, have you like do you grew up, grew up in new york
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, just right in like Long Island, right outside the city.
SPEAKER_R: but it's
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: it's nice. My girlfriend from Pittsburgh, so we go back there and like her parents are moving, they're retired and they're moving down in north Carolina there like building a house in there. My parents are going to retire. They don't know where they're going to go yet, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Lots of. Yeah like I don't know like if not just necessarily like say that um you know covid anything to do with that. But they're saying so many people like you're saying or like thinking about just like retiring or just like moving out of cities or like moving out like they're like new, I forgot what it was, It was like new. There's a lot of new homes being built like homebuilders and stuff like that like that are like more like outside of cities and things like that and there's like that whole flight out of cities like who knows what
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: will happen.
SPEAKER_L: staying in the downtown, like the city of Chicago or you want to do, you plan to get out to suburbia?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I can't imagine ever moving like really out of this city, like even my parents still live technically in this like just like a like Maybe 15, 20 minutes away from downtown like we're just like in a neighborhood
SPEAKER_L: 1/2,
SPEAKER_R: so I always
SPEAKER_L: 1 2nd. He has gone. Yeah. Oh sorry. We have like, uh, so I'm the only one and I had to let the buildings like doing pictures or whatever because they're filling up this office space, like starting to list it. So someone had to be and
SPEAKER_R: I can only imagine like going into an officer.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, dark. I'm like someone like knocking on the door.
SPEAKER_R: I felt like it was like it was like nobody around, you're like extra aware of like people that are who is that someone at the office?
SPEAKER_L: because I can hear the elevator like ding. It's like on the other side of the wall, like it never things anymore. So it's
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: extra honor.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's like, what's going on here? You were saying your parents are in their technically still in the city and there are they retired or they?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My um my dad is retired, he retired a while ago. He's in his 70s. My mom is still working, she works at the University of Chicago. So they like um they grew up around like that campus and like where that um it's just called, it's like a little bit on the south side. So I always grew up in the city and so like right now like we live downtown, but I can never imagine like moving out to the suburbs or anything like that. Like maybe not like maybe not like right downtown. Just because like, I mean like we live in a high rise now like
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: like, you know people and like there's like a lot of people like you know a lot about
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: which is so funny like I think like I don't know if new york is like this now but like I just feel like for a while everyone was like very aware of like masks and like you know like keeping your distance and like now I feel like that the weather is nice. I don't know if it's just like more tourists or like, like I feel like people are not wearing their mask, they're just like, oh, we're out like, you know, we don't have to and there's just like way too many people like what are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I've been good with the mask I would say like that has. But like I'm thinking about my behavior early quarantine. Like I would work well. I was wearing like plastic gloves everywhere. My hand washing was much better. Like I would come in and I would like immediately like wash. I mean now I'm like, not that I'm not watching, like I got the hand sanitizer and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: All right. All right
SPEAKER_L: I was taking it like, I don't wear plastic gloves anymore. Like on the subway. I was like, I never had a face shield but I was like really like kind of Yeah, now I think like as long as like the mask and I'm like, I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think like probably now there's like more information about like how it's spread to like, I feel like that in March. I was like, oh my God, like
SPEAKER_L: I was like, I don't think it was definitely in like the Bronx and like parts of Brooklyn, but their results Like 800 people died, died for like a month. It's like if you line those bodies up and like, it was crazy when
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that's like insane. Yeah. And now it's like so many like cities that like weren't as impacted like early on, like now it's like really bad and like I forgot what it was like florida and like other places or it was like, they were just like,
SPEAKER_L: We went down to visit my girlfriend's like family who was there building his house in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: I said yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We went like they had a barbecue so we had to go out to the supermarket buy stuff. This was june no one had, it was terrible, no one had masks. We were the only people in there with like no social distancing. It was bad. And I think like right after that they had a tremendous uptick in uh you know, it was, you could tell it was like old people walking around like knowing it was like nothing happened, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it's so crazy how like, like, I mean you, you watch the news and you think like, oh, this is like such a global and like a national like, you know, thing and then it's like, you get to different cities and it's like, it really is like on a local level, like how different, like communities react to it. Like, you know, it's like, oh, if you are like in a big city and I was like, you know, impacted in March, it was kind of like, okay. Yes, of course. Like we're doing this, that's the way of life and then it's like these, like, I don't know, like Utah or like somewhere like, you know, like you said, like it's kind of like, oh well we don't know,
SPEAKER_L: we're talking about
SPEAKER_R: acted
SPEAKER_L: there. They were like, we don't know anyone who had it or got sick or you know, why should we be wearing mess out here in the desert when they're going around? No one has it. Like all our stuff is locked down, our businesses are closed and I get that I make
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: sense. Like I destroy their but like,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I guess the general public health is like, we have to kind of take that into consideration.
SPEAKER_R: A little. Especially since there like now they don't even know, they're like, okay, yes, there's vicinity like, you know, like six ft or whatever, but that's like, that's still just like an estimate. Like they're just like, oh, it could be airborne, like still researching,
SPEAKER_L: Might be on surfaces but might not so.
SPEAKER_R: like get that bleach like geez,
SPEAKER_L: I I think we're at the time.
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mine says 25. If you're good.
SPEAKER_R: Let me see. Shake my thing.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm I think I served
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: literally. Yeah, that sounds good. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: It was a pleasure meeting you um Stay safe and enjoy the weather.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too nice talking to you. Hopefully
SPEAKER_L: Have a girl.
SPEAKER_R: stay safe as well.
SPEAKER_L: Bye bye.