Right, right. Thank you. This type is the easiest and greatest idea ever or the most. But life are you going to call upon your allies? Maybe not. I don't want to qualify. Oh my allies joins me because I assume the arranged marriage really not only thing and I wish we could attack right now, lisa ships are ready. Yes. So not only did we away? Oh wait. Oh, oh wait. Oh God. I think we no, they're allies. Joy them. Oh no. Oh no. Okay. Wells, well, study. This is completely practical that you would insulting to get a peace treaty. This is a big mistake. I was hoping that that arranged marriage you would have now we have to attack. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you guys. This is not because yeah. All right bob. Yeah. Started tracking everywhere. Were still turning back Bill. Not correct. Blundering glory. We don't have enough resources to raise another army. Man. This made this double is hard. You were there king take out that for try to take out big major settlements. We've got to raise another army though. Yeah. This was speaking all right. You guys want to challenge this is a challenge. The wells report they maybe next time they'll be because I like you really are in war. Yeah. Mhm. But they're still busy with the wells. Oh my God. They didn't turn back. They're still not turning back. That's like going all right let's go. What? Yeah. Okay. We can all the result of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello
going
good. nice to meet you. My name is Andrew.
how's it going today?
Yeah, I'm in New york city, it's uh pretty nice.
How nice. How's the weather there?
Warfarin,
Absolutely. I'm actually surprised, I feel like I've done this once and no one ever shows up for these things, you know what I mean, log nines and like no one's ever there
Like
five minutes
you sign off, you get your $2 or whatever it is good. Um So do you do a lot of these like online money making things?
and
when
bringing thing I just discovered it during this quarantine I'm like wow, there's like all these like other little you can
make
extra
side money so easily. It's great. I do this one else do user testing they've ever done that.
ma'am.
Yeah, that's that's the only two I really do. But it's a nice easy kind of uh quick thing. Yeah.
How's the quarantine been?
During this time is he still traveling?
Oh let's go.
Are probably smart.
What line of work are you in?
Cool.
Financial services like stuff. Um
It's all right. We you know I mean it was really bad here in March and april like
I come into the office only because like it's close to my apartment and my girlfriend works from home too and it's just hear someone like is not, you know what I mean? Both of us there was getting like too much so no one comes in here. I got this whole place to myself now which is great. Um And it's just like a nice little it's too much time. You can't spend that much time.
well,
now
you're used to it, you probably don't want them there on time. Okay,
special
apartment or like, you know, like a small living spaces, it's just not like normal, it's it's too much, but my office is going like we were planning on going full remote anyway because
we're a small company going to happen this year, or at least ends like end of november and this space, so my boss was like, he's retiring or whatever and he's gonna leave new york, so he's like, well just, you know, with technology, so this whole quarantine kind of just sped those things up. We're just uh it's been a, you know, a nice little practice run I guess, you know, to get everything going, but I don't know, I think I'll miss it when I'm home all the time.
Well,
Well
weird. My girlfriend started a new job like literally the week before they started like Mark, we can march or whatever when the office the first week I met some people but like really has never met them other than the phone and zoom. Like she's like hired new people, like junior people that like haven't been able to move to new york city finally moving in next month maybe. But I'm like you need to like take them out and like kind of meet them in person because weird, you know?
They
who
are you?
It's yeah, there's definitely a loss of, you know, interpersonal relationships definitely. But I don't know, I do like I was always against it but I do like like rolling out of bed at 9:00 and like starting work. You know what I mean? I like the new thing. Like I got a Fitbit during this and like, like a challenge to get 10,000 steps. It's just you're sitting around all day, but I'm thinking about my life before this and I'm like, I would commute in, I would take a train, I would like go to the gym, I would walk to the gym, I would walk around the office like it was, it's just such a different world.
your
your weather patterns just gonna start getting cold very soon too.
All
it
was a pellet time this weekend.
Like uh we used to go to clap me and my girlfriend go to like spin class in the city all the time
wand, like I'd class passed so I didn't gym anymore. Uh And like, neither. I don't know, like, I think jim's going to open the first week in september here, but like 30% capacity or something, something like that and you have to wear mask the whole time. So we were like you know what like I don't know, we don't really want to do that so we looked into it And I think I was paying 150 a month for class fast, we did the math, the pellet on 60 Total split between two people, it's nothing you know like an interest financing and you get the service and the bike, so I'm like let's just let's do it, you know? But there's a two month lag we ordered it, we can't get until november 1st.
we need,
we
need something are like restaurant what's open in Chicago like.
it
there,
so
there's no indoor dining yet.
we have outdoor dining, same thing like streets, it's fine if it doesn't rain, like we've been caught outside once, it's like we get to rush home. I just, we were in Utah, we were like, we couldn't sit in our apartment anymore. We're like, I had a bunch of, she is unlimited vacation time, I have time. I have to take, I didn't take it, I'm gonna lose it and I don't think that like out here, so I'm like we better do something. So we were just like looking on states, we could go to and not get there and quarantine like Utah Wyoming I think we're the only one
we went out to Utah I mean we took a plane, it was like the flight there, we took United which was packed, it was like a cattle car, like
what we could
comfortable
going uh you know, everyone kept the mask on which is good
Um, and they have like, they know there's no more like beverage service or like, you know, like they give you a little bag of like a snack and water. They're like
minimizing it. All right. The ride home, we took Delta, which was better because they're using like international planes, just that's over the row is like empty and it's unless you pick the seat, like you're not sitting next to anyone unless
you,
so that
I feel better on the Delta coming home. But Utah was like indoor dining was open. You know where your mask to go in and then you can take it off the table. Um,
You know, it was just, uh, they've had very few cases. So I guess, you know, we were talking to local people and they're like, we don't get it. We don't know what's going on. We had 800 people a day dying. It was like real serious. So
so it was good. I mean we quarantined after for whatever. We had to do two weeks
and
then uh you know, we're back in and I don't know anyone who's had the covid Or got like died from it. So you know my parents are like in their sixth, late 60s, early 70s. So and I couldn't see them for two weeks after. But you know
here
in suburban, yeah, they're in like suburbia. I'm in the city. So
I
worked
in midtown and I live down the financial district.
I
want
Chicago
actually. I went to time less. So my girlfriend, her all her friends live out there. We went to visit them. I had never been actually, which is crazy. We went last Labor Day for the first time and it was like amazing. I was like, oh this, it's like you can live so much better more for your plumbing out there is like crazy. Yeah,
like Labor Day was amazing. We're out on the lake. We were doing this, but then we went back in october for something and I was like, oh, so cold. I don't like it so quick.
I
investigated and busy easter.
We do have some sort of seasonal change. Like it doesn't really get super cold here until february, january. But I don't know, it was cold in october. I was like not ready for Chicago
where I can do it. Yeah.
But yeah, it was nice. You know all our friends live out there. They just had kids. He's like, I don't know what I'm going to see these kids. Like I don't think we can go visit them anytime soon. Just sad. Hopefully eventually. I don't know. I'm hoping by next summer at least there's something, you know, some sort of vaccine I
don't know.
one part of plasma therapy is
even if they get one though, there's not gonna be enough supply, you know,
it's going to take like, who's going to get in healthcare workers? Frontline people get it first, Okay. Everyone gets it like, you know?
europe. Like, I don't think that's gonna happen anytime, you know what I mean? I just, I don't know.
Weird time.
I think, I think by this summer will not back, I think it's going to take like three years to get back to where we were, but I hope by next summer things, you know, I'm kind of just writing this year off were like, Yeah.
It's weird like rents have really come down aggressively in the city because so many
people
fleeing
basically home sales in the suburbs have gone way up because people want to be in the city, but like rents are way way down now, like
What I'm paying? Like I could like get like a much, I can keep my rent and get a much bigger place or get the same place for like $600 less, you know what I mean? It's crazy. And like midtown, like there's leases or no one's gonna get midtown, you know, office space anymore because of this
long time.
like I have a friend who's, he's like, yeah, you can come back, but you have to wear a mask all day and like, like who's going to do that, you know?
Like
it's
Barman and now we're the mask, you know? Crazy.
Yeah, just right in like Long Island, right outside the city.
you know,
it's nice. My girlfriend from Pittsburgh, so we go back there and like her parents are moving, they're retired and they're moving down in north Carolina there like building a house in there. My parents are going to retire. They don't know where they're going to go yet, so I don't know.
You
staying in the downtown, like the city of Chicago or you want to do, you plan to get out to suburbia?
1/2,
1 2nd. He has gone. Yeah. Oh sorry. We have like, uh, so I'm the only one and I had to let the buildings like doing pictures or whatever because they're filling up this office space, like starting to list it. So someone had to be and
yeah, dark. I'm like someone like knocking on the door.
because I can hear the elevator like ding. It's like on the other side of the wall, like it never things anymore. So it's
like,
yeah, it's like, what's going on here? You were saying your parents are in their technically still in the city and there are they retired or they?
You
know,
totally.
I've been good with the mask I would say like that has. But like I'm thinking about my behavior early quarantine. Like I would work well. I was wearing like plastic gloves everywhere. My hand washing was much better. Like I would come in and I would like immediately like wash. I mean now I'm like, not that I'm not watching, like I got the hand sanitizer and stuff.
I was taking it like, I don't wear plastic gloves anymore. Like on the subway. I was like, I never had a face shield but I was like really like kind of Yeah, now I think like as long as like the mask and I'm like, I'm good.
I was like, I don't think it was definitely in like the Bronx and like parts of Brooklyn, but their results Like 800 people died, died for like a month. It's like if you line those bodies up and like, it was crazy when
you
We went down to visit my girlfriend's like family who was there building his house in north Carolina.
We went like they had a barbecue so we had to go out to the supermarket buy stuff. This was june no one had, it was terrible, no one had masks. We were the only people in there with like no social distancing. It was bad. And I think like right after that they had a tremendous uptick in uh you know, it was, you could tell it was like old people walking around like knowing it was like nothing happened, you know?
we're talking about
there. They were like, we don't know anyone who had it or got sick or you know, why should we be wearing mess out here in the desert when they're going around? No one has it. Like all our stuff is locked down, our businesses are closed and I get that I make
sense. Like I destroy their but like,
you know, I guess the general public health is like, we have to kind of take that into consideration.
Might be on surfaces but might not so.
I I think we're at the time.
Yeah. Mine says 25. If you're good.
What?
What?
It was a pleasure meeting you um Stay safe and enjoy the weather.
Have a girl.
Bye bye.