Mm. Yeah.
Hi, how are
you?
Hi, my name is Samantha. Nice to meet you too. What?
Yeah. Oh, pretty good.
nick. I'm in Chicago.
It's
pretty nice. It's like 80s. Usually it's uh, we would go up and down a lot so we got to enjoy our nice days.
Yeah, I've done this one time I think one time before and I went fine. But I've heard that like, yeah, like people don't show up or there's like glitches and
so
but
Not that much like I feel like you know, I'm just at home more with work now so you know in your spare time
still
a little here and there beer money or whatever.
Well
or
what?
I've done that for a little bit. Um But I feel like it's like sometimes it's just like hit or miss with like what you get like
it's like which is fine. But yeah, that's a good one.
No, like with your time if you're like have downtime might as well.
Uh It's been okay. I think Chicago was was worse like right like right at the beginning like March april may probably the same time like New york city was worse. Um And then so like I don't know it's been it's been both good and bad, like my parents live here too, they're a little elderly so I just have to make sure checking in all that. And then my husband like travels for work. So like that's been kind of like I don't know you know
he's still traveling during the time. So um he he works in um like uh industrial engineering, so I guess they're deemed like essential workers or for whatever reason because they do like his company does a lot of work on like hospital buildings and like things like that. So
terrible. Yeah. Um But it's hard on him because he uh like hell either drive or fly like to come back to see me, but because you know, flights and stuff, he's just been driving the whole time, which is like,
yeah, no, it's definitely probably safer that way. But you know, it's a lot of like, yeah, I don't drive it also like I'm just like someone that needs to drive like I feel for that
um I'm a strategy director for like a health care company. Um
So yeah. What about you?
Yeah.
What?
What? I don't know, I 100% like it's so funny like my husband I essentially are like. you know, I would deem it probably a long distance marriage, like we're apart probably like three or four days a week.
It like we've been that way for like years like it just works for us like like it's like I'm just like yeah like you know a little time apart during the week is like it's
good.
Exactly. I can only imagine like two people especially like we don't have any kids like with families or something like both working from home. Oh my god like
proper with.
What?
I think probably my
um my job even before quarantine was like fully remote but with like with travel like to see my teens and stuff like that. Um Obviously I'm not travel anymore but it was that was my first like fully remote job before I was like you know what jobs where you're like me working like one or two days at home like but you have an office here. Um I felt it was like a, it was like a change, it was like
a like a market change like you know, like to be fully remote like sometimes never meeting your team like I'm like, oh my
I think there's just like a whole like culture that's created some time of just like, you know stopping by someone's desk and like talking for five minutes and
like a little chats that happen like you know between meetings and not that that can't happen over the phone or like on like video chat or whatever. But I just feel like it doesn't happen as much because like you have to make an effort to like call someone or do something not just like, oh, I'm
here
like
It's so is like not my last up with the one before it and the past few like I live right downtown in Chicago and I used to walk to work uh like a 20 minute walk like like almost like an hour a day just like walking around like you go out for lunch with people like yeah like it's not that hard to like get your steps in, gonna be a little more active. Um But now even in my building like my gym has been closed like for a while like I'm sure a lot of gyms are closed maybe opening back up now. Like I thank god it's like nice out now, I can go outside and like going to work out a walk but like it's sad
but
Like 100% like we're lucky if we have like a nice September
and it's gonna it's gonna be bad. So I'm just like man like I gotta uh now I'm like looking into like I mean we live in like you know a downtown apartment like you know like you know trying to get some like think this equipment in here like thinking like what
could happen.
I know so many people that have bought peloton, their stocks going up.
Come on.
Yes. That's what one of my girlfriends I think she bought it in june. She like they just got it like it was like just now like set up and like but she loves it now like the little interactive and like the classes and stuff like that so if
you're into
it.
there is I mean there is a lot of like outdoor like seating now and like to go and stuff like that. Like my husband just last weekend we went to like an outdoor like seating place. I mean it felt like safe enough like. Like it's like all
the seatings like 6ft apart. You have to wear your masks unless you're eating everyone. All the servers are wearing masks and stuff like that. But that's what they say like the minute it turns cold and like a lot of these cities like, you know, people are not gonna like be able to do that like
and
which is
okay I think from what I saw like, not that we're like going out to eat that much anyway, but like it's only like indoor seating if There's I forgot what like you know those like big windows that kind of kind of open up. So I have for that's the only ones that I've seen. Like I haven't seen any places that are like 100% indoor that are um That are open and like doing it maybe because it's not worth it like because they have to do like I forgot what the rules are like every other seat or somehow like do six ft if you're in here too. And they're like for that capacity, a lot of restaurants are just like, it's not worth it to like open and function. How is it in New York?
No
heard that like
these flights are like totally full capacity and not like every other feet
or whatever,
but
Like
That air
good
together.
Mhm.
like Brooke was one of the worst, but obviously one of the first to like really rein it in and like, you know?
Well that's
good.
Are they in New the area
as well?
perfect. Yeah, we're in mid to um we're in new
york.
You?
Oh nice. Yeah I used to um when I was in consulting I used to work in new york for several years and yeah I worked right in midtown, I love it. Like I'm like my brother's soul lives in new york but obviously can't like I can't
visit
or
think
I guess that's the point. I grew up in Chicago so it's always like hometown for me. But um yeah that's what a lot of like people in big cities or like you know new york or California saying like if you you can probably have pretty good jobs and like can can spend your money accordingly.
you got to like take the good with the bad. I felt like, I mean you think like other coasts are kind of similar weather, but it's like, I feel like it's not like, I feel like I used to live in boston. I was in new york for a while and like, I don't know, it's like so much more like moderated the weather. I'm just like
you
here,
I won't
what?
I think
I have to follow the news and stuff like that and I know like I forgot what it was like trump like fast tracked. Some kind of like
Yes yes. Um And I'm like, I don't, I mean I don't know, I mean vaccines usually take like in reality like 4 to 5 years and they're trying to do it and like, you know like, you know under a year I'm sure like something will come up but like,
well
no I mean I forgot what it was. It was like some company that's like working at Regeneron or something like that. They're just like oh we can make like a million a year or something like that. I'm a million a year like you know like.
No.
Yeah I think I mean I can imagine things will probably get a little bit better like with within the U. S. Like by next year or something like maybe that's just wishful thinking. Um
Oh 100%. Yeah like we've had uh we're supposed to go to like Miami or something in in March. Something obviously like like we just pushed it out a couple of months because they were just like oh who know? You know, nobody knew in like March. And then like definitely just canceled it like in like august and we're just like, okay, well it is what it is like, you know, it's not like we're like people have it much worse like oh I can't go on vacation like boo for me. But or just like, I don't know like who knows when it'll be like, you know, back back to even like traveling and things like that within within like just the U. S. Like okay.
Very
good
question.
good.
Yeah. I'm your man.
I don't know are I'm still friends with some people that I work with, like my old job that was in downtown here and they were like, yeah the office is open but like maybe only like executives with offices like with doors are like going in. Like nobody that like just has like seating and lycopene, you know, open floor plans are like going in and I'm like that's like the majority of the company, like what are you gonna do? Just like have the VPs? Like what does that do?
I
mean I'm like pro mask like
probably covering up but like no, that's why you're alone.
That's crazy. Um Have you, have you like do you grew up, grew up in new york
but it's
but
Uh huh. Yeah. Lots of. Yeah like I don't know like if not just necessarily like say that um you know covid anything to do with that. But they're saying so many people like you're saying or like thinking about just like retiring or just like moving out of cities or like moving out like they're like new, I forgot what it was, It was like new. There's a lot of new homes being built like homebuilders and stuff like that like that are like more like outside of cities and things like that and there's like that whole flight out of cities like who knows what
will happen.
Yeah. I mean I can't imagine ever moving like really out of this city, like even my parents still live technically in this like just like a like Maybe 15, 20 minutes away from downtown like we're just like in a neighborhood
so I always
I can only imagine like going into an officer.
I felt like it was like it was like nobody around, you're like extra aware of like people that are who is that someone at the office?
Your
extra honor.
Yeah. My um my dad is retired, he retired a while ago. He's in his 70s. My mom is still working, she works at the University of Chicago. So they like um they grew up around like that campus and like where that um it's just called, it's like a little bit on the south side. So I always grew up in the city and so like right now like we live downtown, but I can never imagine like moving out to the suburbs or anything like that. Like maybe not like maybe not like right downtown. Just because like, I mean like we live in a high rise now like
there's
like, you know people and like there's like a lot of people like you know a lot about
which is so funny like I think like I don't know if new york is like this now but like I just feel like for a while everyone was like very aware of like masks and like you know like keeping your distance and like now I feel like that the weather is nice. I don't know if it's just like more tourists or like, like I feel like people are not wearing their mask, they're just like, oh, we're out like, you know, we don't have to and there's just like way too many people like what are you doing?
All right. All right
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think like probably now there's like more information about like how it's spread to like, I feel like that in March. I was like, oh my God, like
No,
that's like insane. Yeah. And now it's like so many like cities that like weren't as impacted like early on, like now it's like really bad and like I forgot what it was like florida and like other places or it was like, they were just like,
I said yeah.
I feel like it's so crazy how like, like, I mean you, you watch the news and you think like, oh, this is like such a global and like a national like, you know, thing and then it's like, you get to different cities and it's like, it really is like on a local level, like how different, like communities react to it. Like, you know, it's like, oh, if you are like in a big city and I was like, you know, impacted in March, it was kind of like, okay. Yes, of course. Like we're doing this, that's the way of life and then it's like these, like, I don't know, like Utah or like somewhere like, you know, like you said, like it's kind of like, oh well we don't know,
acted
What?
Thank you.
A little. Especially since there like now they don't even know, they're like, okay, yes, there's vicinity like, you know, like six ft or whatever, but that's like, that's still just like an estimate. Like they're just like, oh, it could be airborne, like still researching,
like get that bleach like geez,
great.
Let me see. Shake my thing.
Mhm I think I served
literally. Yeah, that sounds good. Okay.
Yeah. You too nice talking to you. Hopefully
stay safe as well.