bingo. Hello,
how are you?
Good.
I'm ok. Oh dang. What is this thing
you play games? Oh
what do you play? Okay.
huh, interesting, what is it called
like? Does it interesting? Oh I see. Mm Sandbox, that's cool. Those are good. I've been playing Red Dead Redemption two because I finally got a Playstation four and have you played that yet?
Dude,
I I love that they let you pet your horse now and that's almost completely all that I do.
Thank
you.
What?
woman.
You
know honestly I've been feeling a little stressed out by the new Red Dead I think because of the camp and because I just literally started it and I'm also in graduate school but like um at the camp they'll be like dude we're really hungry and apparently you're the only one who gives them money and brings food back and everybody feels nothing and it feels it feels like animal crossing or something, like I'm going to kill everyone. Basic
well
Dude
and
fuck,
it's also like, oh my god, I find myself, you know, I don't know really how to shoot things very well yet. So I like make like massively overshoot them, but like
if you're too much back with you, it doesn't give them everything and it sucks.
Dude,
I got did you find like all the serial killer stuff?
I
turned
it on for you? Yeah, it's like right before you get sorry, I'm literally like just started this. But so it's in my head still. But like before you get to valentine on like there's like an oil thing if you go down to the side um you see all these like you just see like a bunch of blood and there's a bunch of body parts.
Yeah. I guess there's a multiple uh serial killer theory things you can find because yeah, I found like a head that was like shoved on a stick basically. Yeah,
you
said
look okay.
Hello,
my girlfriend?
As
hmm.
this is the fifth time that I've done this.
no, they opened it up so you can do more. But yeah, I've had different experiences on this for sure. A
lot of the time I get other girls. But one time I think the last time I got a boy which was totally fine, but he had a mask on and he was just like he just looked
both.
I
have a I have a lot and a bunch of crap.
I
have like a lot, I don't know, I mean bad
places.
Well
what
breasts?
well.
wow.
that's
right. You know I met um I met my boyfriend now accidentally. I don't even have facebook anymore but I met him on there and I flew
out.
I
don't
know.
We're
talking
about
yeah we were talking about basketball shorts. We had a mutual friend and yeah and I came out to visit him in philadelphia and I just never flew back home. So now I live,
it's been three years. So
So I
have faith in you guys. I think it's not that weird honestly,
you
know.
No
no I was just honestly I'm just being a bum.
Where
do you
live?
colorado.
Yeah. Yeah. It was interesting moving to the east Coast from colorado because how do you say it now that I've said it a couple times? Dammit.
Good.
The worst though, The worst is um the East Coast people, this made me pee my pants the first time I heard it, but they say Nevada,
Nevada,
Look,
you're like, where's las Vegas will be like Nevada?
now I'm in New Jersey, but I moved to philadelphia for for
this.
some
people Mhm
pennsylvania.
Yeah.
Oh man, Yeah. Speaking
of, can you see my leg? There's, I gotta poking. So
that was
hard.
And then did you ever watch twin peaks?
I have like,
I have
of
balls.
Ooh.
What?
I googled it.
He even looks like agent cooper. Honestly, I think
you
might
like
sounds uh
No.
Network.
Dude, I know that these are considered girl games, but I always love
silence.
I wouldn't
know.
I feel like they also um, like visual novels tend to be called girl games or you know, like, I don't know how to explain like zeros
report.
Oh man, you didn't play Silent Hill Like any of those?
Dude,
what?
activity.
Well
you use the word yankee already. And um, I had
that
game
on PS and it was pretty buggy, like really bad. But now if you have that game, it's worth a lot of money. So, but if they poured it or anything. But what else is fun? I got
the
not and not here.
Actually
this is a MAC. So if I try to play anything on steam, it sounds like it's going to take off and like fly off the bat.
How are
you?
Uh this looks like um
huh
That's
One
more.
I
want
That is so japanese. Oh my God.
Well,
I was at
school.
You should try. Do you know there's a developer. I don't know how to say this. Hopefully don't laugh at me. It's like spike chun soft. Mhm
Trans soft. But they made a bunch of uh like three DS games and DS games And the first one was nine hours, 9 persons nine doors. And that was 2009. But they've made, let's see
that's
it.
It looks like to follow ups to it. And one of them is called zero escape. But
you should you guys should play this. It's it's kind of more of a visual novel type thing. But yeah, the other game is called 999. So if you look up like 999 game right?
It's
pretty it's pretty cute. It's kind of like a visual novel more so so you're not gonna go like shoot shit. But like you know these are cute.
Yeah that's interesting for if you have like ouchy hands or something. Uh But
Oh man, not too far honestly. Uh I even have like, wait I don't know how to have like a sword and shield map. Well, I can't show you. Yeah.
You
know the girl.
Yeah. But God, I don't know. I think sword. Did you play sword or shield?
she needs to play the good ones. I was so disappointed. So short. No
no.
Boom.
you should. Uh Oh my god if you if she has a three D. S. Um and if she's kind of collect ary this is a really cheap thing and she would love it. Have you heard of yo kai watch?
Um it's people call it like a Pokemon rip off but it totally isn't. But uh yeah yo kai watch uh it's cute like it's
an enemy but the game is super cute and uh as a franchise it didn't work in America for whatever reason. So it's
no
bond
on. Yeah and there's parts in that game and I mean like farts right? Everybody likes parts so
being
in
it.
So basically I think the the reason they call it or you know make the connection is because like you get to um like basically collect and fight with you okay, when you see them.
and then you just you get them and then when you see other ones you can find them.
But I mean it's very it's a kid came, it's fun. Oh my God, she will love it so much. Yeah.
If she has
Yeah, for christmas just get her the okay, watch games because they're so cute so and she'll be really happy. I was very obsessed with that for a good amount of time. Oh
Heather
national
yeah, because you
wore your
head from Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what I would do, just be like,
you
know,
honestly the first one I ever talked to is right at the beginning of Covid and
we
were then Georgia and I'm in New Jersey and we were like hit really hard at first and we liked each other so much that we found each other on Reddit. Because
what,
like have
instagram, I have instagram, it's not a game program, but
You,
well,
we can trade you. Okay. Okay.
I
do.
I know. I used to watch like, what is his name? He's the streamer dude, The New Jersey. What is his name?
No,
what's
fruit? Yeah, I don't know. But yeah, he's district
double crossing, but he got over it and doesn't do it anymore. But he, he does like the raids in poking monk and stuff like that. But yeah, I haven't
played so long.
That's
true.
Oh man. I don't know. I'm oldest crap. I'm 33. And let's see, I think I wasn't allowed to play video games because I was supposed to be playing violin. Uh
Yeah, I have a degree in the do do it's
over there for noise.
Yeah, that's my violin degree. Um But yeah, I think I played a lot of the sins.
and
and
I can't men don't get a MAC like I don't know how to use a PC anymore but max can't play anything. But
it's
my
he doesn't like it. Yeah. Yeah.
I got him to play animal crossing. So. Yeah,
I think um was it something night night like night as in sword night, what is it called? And you look like a little cute thing. But he was playing that and he got really mad addicts. It was really hard.
Yeah. Let's say. I don't know my name is really hard
just
but
not
be
able to see that. But my name is so hard. It's um Can
you language
L. L. A. E. And eight. Yeah. My name is Lena. Hi.
So L. A. E. N. E.
And then the second part is D.
E. G. G. As in gorilla. Um A.
Oh
E. S. Yeah.
Yeah. So that's my instagram name teller. We'll talk about pokemons.
Yeah. I like new people are fun. I don't know any here still.
No
way
Jose.
Everybody in my grad program is like 25.
To them.
I'm. Yeah.
How old are you?
Oh god. I don't actually. I
know
I
know
when I lived in philadelphia for Pokemon go. But now in New Jersey where it, it sucks and don't come here because it's terrible. So
yeah. Well, but yeah,
we
still
don't.
huh Dine and Dash. That's a good game to man skinny. Mhm. It's
like,
I know. He doesn't seem to like, he says he doesn't like modern controls with, I don't
know that mean
40
40 40. Yeah, But yeah, because I have been just wanted to play like little Big Planet or something, but I don't want to
what?
Oh no, I'm looking, etc.
That's
in a peaceful,
It looks like it's a little older to yeah. The only reason I can afford a PS four is because I got student loans, so uh
What? You
know, honestly, I don't know. I know we're running over time, but yeah, I used to do mechanical turk and all that crap
and
yeah and you know, I got pulled away from that by I think I'm actually helping twitter, I can't tell. But They pay I think uh 13 or 14 an hour and you just basically look at like really terrible Twitter pope.
Yeah, there it's not really that as much as they're trying to like uh I don't know how to explain. They're trying to make new things. So like if you see a post
that's like Obama Gate like you know that shit crazy like make a feature where you can type like nice post buddy. However, did it not to like cite your sources and be like, this is why your post fucking stupid and but yeah, I can send that to you guys if you're having a hard time with money because
Mhm.
I was at target. I get it man.
Dude,
target
the
know honestly I I love you because damn it. I I applied for unemployment back in March because I whisked out man. I nope the fuck out of target. So I was like dude, no fuck
this.
But
did they? They denied me because I left out of fear and I was like okay fuck off whatever. And even there's a guardian article about how bad they're treating um amazon and target people. And I am the anonymous source from New Jersey.
I just um on monday of this week after applying for unemployment in March in March, I got um I got my unemployment hearing and target didn't fucking come because of course they didn't because why will they come?
But
do that woman though. She was the apologies. I'm working from home and it was like I know but yeah. And she was like you quit because of fear. So like
it's like bitch you work from home like I'm brian Cornell and like Jeff bezels are making so much money right now and like little door me and you like are the ones who are going to get sick for him so fuck that. And I still don't know if I passed my hearing or not. So Yeah.
But
Amazon
they
don't.
I'll send it to you though and see if you guys can do that though. I don't know. Just a second vessel. I've made almost 2000 since August. So
for
like
getting
and just that, that means quite a lot. So dude in graduate school, uh, I know we're going over Siiri people, but in grad school I felt like a nerd because I'm going for social work and in one of my classes, it's a diversity.
Yeah. Edward. But I mean diversity and oppression class. And we were talking about class, you know, in like poverty and you know, I made last year I made $13,000. That's it. That's it. And the poverty, poverty for one person is 7 12,009. So apparently I'm not in poverty,
but like,
so
I brought it up though because you know, my teacher has a doctorate in like mturk is full of, you know, and prolific. It's like doctoral students that are paying us like nothing to do these things for them. And I brought it up because I was like, hey, you know, there's this, if you google it, it's like the online hell that is mechanical turk and it is like, I don't think people realize that we're actually people. And
uh just wrote back, he was like, okay shit.
But yeah, I'll send you that. Find me on instagram and I can send you a referral and you can look at a lot of tweets with me. It gets fucking depressing though. Like.
Dad.
they all come at once though. It sucks like um they do like batches of like 600,000 tweets and it's just like you and everybody else working on them, you kind of just have to do it and yeah, you go crazy by the end because there's like so much weird porn and so much like racism and like weird. Yeah.
I know I think I applied for like a facebook when those uh
uh well Luckily the Twitter one is more concerned about their really really trying to stop like the misinformation and like all this like conspiracy
theory from happening so.
The longer we're stupid um
let's play animal crossing.
Bye.
I
don't know what your name is. Uh Arthur. Cool. I'm linking a nice to meet you.
Whatever.
I'll send you that link on instagram
that week.
True.
The
airport.
you're
Oh my god there's your dog. Okay that's you have a good day. I don't know.
How do
we? Oh yeah
there's
this
thing
yeah there's a second part to this and then we're good.
Take care
what
your lady for me.
She
sounds good.
take care.