Hello.
Good. Good.
How about yourself?
Oh this thing, this is my headset.
Yeah, I do.
recently I've been playing an MMO called Black Desert and uh it's like a game that you don't really play. It's really hard to explain the appeal to anyone. It's like, well you go and then you farm and then you come back and it's really weird game.
Called Black Desert.
Yeah. I have. It's a it's a really intense game
that. Ah
Yeah. I know. I I found myself doing this loop where like as soon as I was set free because I was like whenever you're in an open world game for me, I like to just go out and explore. As soon as they set you free, you had your camp and stuff. I was like I'm gonna
go to the
town and then along the way to the town
I saw something like, you know, buzzer. Just something I was like I'll shoot and hunt those. and I just found myself honey animals go into the town and like betting my horse and then I'm like going back and doing little loops. I'm like not doing anything important to the story. I'm just like, it's great and the character's name is Arthur, right? So my name is Arthur. So I just
felt like they're, they're like complained to me all the time whenever I wasn't doing anything like Arthur is like, I know, I know, I'm just,
you know,
You come back and everyone's gone like, where have you been? We've been waiting
for food. You haven't been on in the week and timmy
died. Timmy
didn't get his medicine. He died. He was hungry. It's your fault.
You're a bad person.
Well,
yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember right. So I played that a good bit and then something else came out and I started playing that. I tried the online when it came out and that was awkward. But uh, I remember, yeah, you had to like, you can put like a deer and the things of the case. So if you go out and you're out for a long time, your dear, like, you know, decays on the horse and falls off and you're like, what the hell was that about? And then it's like I had that for timmy. Now he screwed. I don't know. I have to go
get some ducks.
No. What is that about? That sounds
like I'm interesting
to bed.
Yes. That is, that is the exact area where there's, you know, buzzers and stuff and you shoot them and then take their bodies and sell it. And that's what I did over and over and over again. That exact spot I would go to because there's a bunch of birds there. So that has more, that's a, that's a bigger implication of something that's going on story wise. What's up with that?
no, that's cool. That's interesting.
That's some
like,
ever play fallout or, or elder scrolls or something?
They would have,
they do a lot of like, they always think they coined the term environmental storytelling. You go into the bathroom is a guy with a cigarette and a shotgun laying down and as you know, the skull is not there and you can make some implications of what happened. They never really spell everything out. So that's kind of cool that they have. Yeah, I remember it was okay. This is like really, really severe, but he's like his entrails are scattered out. His body was completely destroyed and
remember the blood everywhere. I don't remember the specifics, but it was very gruesome scene in that little starting area where you just introduced to the world, basically real, the real open world. Yeah,
I'm glad you play games. That's the easy one to do this, because I don't know, this is first time I've done this. I don't know if you've done this before. Yeah.
Okay, so you're like a vet? I'm like brand new over here.
Both.
very intense. What is this uh tattoo on your arm? I keep getting distracted
by. It's kind of hard to tell about what it
is.
Oh, it's like a peacock thing.
That's,
that's that's
pretty cool. I like that color and stuff. I don't have any tattoos, but I've been thinking about getting a tattoo. Um I met my uh I got a story for you. I met my uh my fiance online playing video games, and
we played uh breasts, which is God awful, horrible, toxic game. But
I met her on it and I love telling people about it that know the game, because I'm like, oh yeah, we met on Russ and they're like,
are you talking about Russ is a nightmare game for bad people. And I was like, no, it was it was great. I mean we
met there, but then we really got to know each other and you know, other less horrible games. But uh
I wanted to get a tattoo of um uh basically a silhouette of an ethernet port. It's like super simple, square, square looking thing, but I figured I was gonna put it right here on my, my wrist, and she was thinking about getting it too. I thought that would be a fun, nerdy thing. And then I eventually made a little design. I wish I could show it to you, but you can imagine it, you just look at a google image of like silhouette, ethernet port uh like the negative space. I wanted to put like a little heart in the middle of it. I thought
that we really cheesy and cute. So
how does
that happen?
No, tell
me more
about the introduction that they're talking about
flying. You
met
him on facebook,
that's a cool adventure.
Seven years, wow. Three years. I don't wear her 7 7. That's still a lot.
That's
It isn't until you
tell
normal people about it and then they're like who who would do that? I'm like she did it, she moved, she flew down or to me and then she stayed but it wasn't as dramatic or you know magical as years was, it wasn't like a moment where she can't go back. I'm
leaving my life.
That's pretty
cool though. That's really cool. Um
where
did you stay? I'm in texas. Where'd you come from?
Okay, that's cool. That's close. She was from pennsylvania so she moved pretty good ways. And yeah, if it's not your state, it's like, it's a big deal. That's like significant.
You say you're saying colorado, like Addo, most people say colorado. So I think colorado would be
the thing, but
like what? It
said it again. I don't even hear it. No, of all. No, I can't even make my mouth do that.
I don't know what's going on there.
Okay. Where you at now though? Where you said you're in?
well
that's, that's close. She was in in pennsylvania.
He was
Williamsport. So that's kind of, it's not that far off.
I'm in Houston texas where extremes is like, you know, the days travels worth, you can just take a trip
down the road and get to the other side of pennsylvania.
So
ball, wow. Holy shit.
So
you're, you're like gamer, this isn't like Mhm.
I know
ever
played deadly
premonition,
My connection to the twin pieces of game that
borrows a lot of the vibes and it's real junky, real little budget, but it's got like this great cult following is called deadly premonition, you probably get it for 25 cents and they do a lot of twin peaks stuff. And uh I watched
a play through of it and they were like, oh that's twin pc. I'm like, I've never seen that before. So is it? It's like, there's a person that's similar to like the log lady I guess, and then there's like a red room and then there's like, it's
thing.
It's
an
agent.
An FBI agent goes to a small town to investigate a murder or a spree of murders or something. And it's
it is you can probably, yeah they did a remake The game was an old P you know 360 game ran horribly hit controls horribly. And then they remade it with like modern controls and
it's actually I think decent now I can't really speak out of his. I played the chunky version but they changed the way the controls and stuff where and is not a game that I can recommend to anyone besides maybe you because the twin peaks vibe is definitely strong with that
game.
Hold
on my girlfriend,
my my
fiance, I get onto her all the time about uh she gives me shit for like saying that this is like a girl game but it's not you know, it's not to say it's not that game. I play all games you said animal crossing. I love animal crossing. The cutest little game ever. And I want to like make my house adorable and do all kinds of stuff like that. Like I'm not totally like against anything because of the way it looks or whatever. But all out is the ladies game Sims is the ladies game final Fantasy like 12 that has like the 12, 12 2 thing is one. And whenever I bring that up she's like, it's not a girl's game. I'm like but it kind of is for some reason because a lot of girls are like because they have interesting stories or set pieces or you know, it wasn't so macho all the damn time like.
No,
no, you're you're spot on. I would believe. I think that belief is strong. I haven't played a lot of them though. But what's another game that you like?
I played an original Silent Hill game. Yeah, the playstation. Yeah, there
was a game that I wanted to play
really bad because I love the aesthetic. I was like I was younger and I got like a demo disc of it and it was for uh the room, Silent Hill of the room that came out. I just love the premise, you're like locked in a room that has like, you know, you look out and there's like life down
there and I was like, this concept is cool, but I never
played it.
Is
that a
no, no?
You have appears
to still,
I was going to say, well you have Steam. You know what just came out of Steam.
That was really good. If two games,
there, there is a game that I introduced my fiance to that I really wanted her experience and it's a good slow paced game. It's like a story heavy J RPG called the Persona Four. I don't know if you're familiar with persona series, right? It is, it is such a fun story, it's kind of, it has a lot of these tropes that are like jerry PG, high school students going into dungeons and it's like high school life, that isn't a problem for you. Then that story there is like so fun and
the setting
and everything and it's sort of like something about that game that's just great. I love that game,
the term based RPG, but a lot
of story and there's like relationship stuff in there, like you talk to your friends, you build up your relationships and like you'll eventually like uh you eventually get to know them or they have little backstories for each of them. The game basically surrounds around this concept of like accepting yourself. It sounds corny, it kind of is,
but it's it's great. Every time you, you're introduced to someone, they're lying to themselves about something and then you force them to confront it and then they become your friend and then you learn about them. Like there's a guy who's like pressing his like feminine side, you
might be borderline,
like a gay character, he doesn't want to accept it. And then when you go to fight in his dungeon, you see like a representation of their, what they call them true cells. So you see like the super feminine, like sort of gay version of himself is
very
loud, proud. And then at the end of it, you fight him, he becomes part of your team and he accepts that as part of himself. It's really cool actually.
It is japanese. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like the aesthetic is one of the things that if you can like not your thing then
it's like fine, but like the story gameplay is like super classic game that just got released on Steam. Actually,
of
people were hoping for it to be remade. I'm like, so I can be put on playstation or whatever, but I keep waiting for that. This team version came out really cool,
like
I'm
looking it up
now.
Euro Escape.
Okay, I'm staying at zero escape
for PS four.
No, I'm pulling it up, it looks interesting yet. No, I haven't really played a lot of visual novel games like that, so I'm always looking for suggestions.
I see a little pink pillow back there in the poker ball thing. How far back does the Pokemon go?
That was it
on the wall.
Yeah, I see it. I see a cat. Is that is that a cat that's still around or is that living memory?
Yeah, we have a switch and we totally that was her first Pokemon game. I was looking forward to showing her Pokemon game and
she
played it quite a bit and she was really into the whole cut, see everything was so I
was into the new Pokemon. I haven't played Pokemon game in a long time. I played the first one when it first came out red and blue and then I played the second one and then it dropped out for me. So I haven't played anything between then and now. Uh huh.
Yo kai Watch sounds really familiar to. Yeah. What is?
Watch
that cat, remember that cat face.
A little orange cat. That's really
iconic. Yeah,
cute like it yeah. I didn't
know that
was
a book of money kind of games like collecting things and stuff like that.
Oh so you kind of interact with them in the world like the sword and shield kind of a.
That's cool.
I have like a got multiple tabs open now of different things. zero
Escape. OK Watch.
That's cool. What what was your first gaming stuff? This is really easy because gaming stuff so like part of my life I can talk about it forever. So it's nice to be able to have something head. I was like well they're like you know super conservative person like find something to talk about. Everyone
eats. We eat
like yeah if you if you are part of a militia and you have a mask on your face, I could probably think of some news things to talk about. But like having the easy game thing to talk about is really made this
Good
1st
What about the other people that you talked about? This Seems very weird to talk about. But have you had anyone besides mascot that was gets awkward. The other
ones
were ladies. That was pretty easy to talk to I guess.
Oh God, everyone can
talk about.
Dude, I know. I'm like in the back of my head, I'm like lady girl gamer. I wanna introduce you to my fiancee.
She was looking for more lady friends to talk about like games
with.
No, she she's yeah, I don't know. That would be, yeah, I don't want to introduce you to. There's not a lot of cool game really is out there that actually have, you know, some interest in some of these games she plays,
but I think she would like get off of you,
you feed off for her. I think you have some good changes.
Or you can finally get into some more sword and shield or something. I hear those, you'll
see
one more to do.
This is not my expertise. So you're
on your own on
this.
What did he do?
Well,
what is your, what was your
first
sort of game thing?
Oh man, violin
even,
can you show me that? That sounds awesome.
Them. You keep saying things and waiting for like that's garbage. But I totally appreciate all those games. I'm
not gonna judge you in your games. I play sims, she
plays games.
So you just had a console. What what made you do that is that y'all's consular, you guys both playing
games
together?
Is it really games like?
And that was.
Have you ever played games? And that's kind of that's usually a flip of the traditional scenario,
You
can spell it out. This
is so easy,
I'll do that like so hard
to be
the spelled
out.
L E A weight visit and in there.
In there. Yeah. Raina. Yeah.
The
Yeah.
L
North Korea. Don't say it. Let me try to be butchered this real good so you can hate uh is it the Gonzalez?
No. Yes definitely. Um That's cool. Yeah.
he's older than you so you
can you
can
you know you cannot feel so old. You're not that old. Yeah, you're older than me. Oh
yeah I'm 30 so I'm a little bit younger but not that big of a deal. Yeah.
That's
I I want to uh fuck you some more, get her involved. You will see
you have a discord, I guess. That'll be way easier.
That's
something that would make it really easy to talk because
I
don't know
what's wrong, New Jersey,
How much
time do we
have
left? Because I don't know if you are participating, The Dine and Dash kind of thing, but I'm really keeping up.
I
had a 360 copy of it and busted up my 360 talking and show her diner dash and it has a co op. Most we played together. That's that's that's the one thing that I'm kind of bummed about. You guys should be like playing things together. I play things with her all the time. This is her set up right here. She has the same headphones right there, like we play things all the time together.
interesting,
how old is he,
europe?
Oh man, so you know uh well I don't want to keep you, but
a little big planet is made by media molecule, right, developer. Yes, I think they've made a new games on Playstation called Dreams. So you're aware of Dreams at all.
Dreams has got to be one of the most ambitious games that that could, that could ever be. It's incredible. They have like that same sort of community built attitude where they put things together, but they create every aspect of it. It's not just like a little two D platformer or not so constrained within that that style, it could be anything and
it is incredible. Holy shit, you got to check that out, it's so
If it ever goes on sale, it's on PlayStation two so you can totally get on PS four. It's like it's crazy things, you'll see, you'll play a simple game where you're like a marble game or I play like a horror kind of game where you were like running through a haunted house trying to figure out the mystery of why this girl died and it's like kind of legitimately spooky and someone made it. It's crazy. It is as unlimited, like so many different things are in there because it's like people can create all kinds of different kinds of games, you never know what it's going to be is awesome
And well you got prolific here, this is 20 bucks. There you go. That pays
ramen for
She did
that too. Yeah.
Oh you're like moderating stuff
that.
I yeah we we both used to work at a
and uh well she moved and things change, she was like a registered I mean she was a A nurse aide, a certified nurse aide. And she did that for 10 years. She moved down here and then we've been trying to figure things out. She worked at like or but we both were working at Amazon when this happened and she had a full blown panic attack in the middle of the night when she was like you can't fucking work there anymore. And I was like okay we'll figure something out. And
it was it was uh it was real for a moment and the thing is amazon had a notification for whenever anyone got sick there. And then you start getting texts on your phone that says don't was sick. If you worked with them you'll be notified. And then you start getting that every day. It's like someone is sick, someone's sick, multiple people are sick. It's like holy
shit it's so
fucking
intense. Yeah. Is that not like terrifying. Like um
I
can't blame you. I left for the same reasons. It's
like.
Oh really? That's cool.
Good news. He has progressed
room.
Fuck you.
Well hey, fingers cross. Yeah that's I
hope that works out because no, I get it. That's that was real for me too. I was like I can't be here, I'm not going to like harm me or someone I care about. Like that's this the
fucking sucks. She
did
a mechanical terrible like you did and she wasn't making actually some some decent kind of money from that. We paid bills for like a month from that. And I was like this is cool right now. She's working like a health food store so she's kind of like in the public now and I'm like, I'm like, you know, she wants to do it. So I'm like, cool. But at the same time back in my head, I'm always like, yeah, but there's assholes that are everywhere and sucks again.
that's cool.
I'm
looking, I'm not working right now, so I'm doing all kinds of weird things here and there and looking
at things, so
God, that is a hard, that is a humbling thing to do to my goodness.
technically,
no, but below the party.
Yeah, I know. I have that similar scenario.
No, no, you're,
yeah, it is a meat grinder sometimes. Yeah,
no, I, I believe, you know. Yeah, I want to, I
want to pick up later on.
I was trying to look for something like that and like Youtube's got to be hiring for like people to sort through and actually have human eyes on, you know, some of the videos that go through there. The millions of videos, there's gotta be someone that's doing that job too. I was thinking, oh man, it's gonna be some bad stuff on there too that you're gonna be looking at. So mm
that sounds just as bad. All that sounds bad to be honest.
uh that's cool.
that's what goes like unchecked for so long. It's just a real issue now. Yeah.
people kind of suck. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I want
to show you my house. It's adorable. You'll
love it.
Nice to meet you too. Um
Yeah, it was fun. Thank you. That's a good first experience too. Yeah.
I'll
I'll try to get with you. How about this? How about I give you my my username which is across the board on everything, just
in case as a backup. Okay. It's dark star hug egg to the dock. And that's like everything. So if you if you if you see that on anything, then that's probably me. So I'm gonna try to
get
a hold of you, but you have to have a backup because I I enjoyed talking to you. I think my fiancee would like
talking to you, too.
you, too. It's
just
I
think
we
just just quit. I don't know,
observe days.
well, thank
you. Too easy.
I
will.
I'll tell her I want to tell her about you later, so we'll see.