SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Down. Yeah. Yeah. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you hear me? You see me? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, everything's good. Can you hear me? Stevie? Alright. Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well. Uh My name is Sherry and I'm from new york city or you have a new york area?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Nice to meet her. I'm Shantel. I'm from New Mexico.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. Very nice. How's your day going?
SPEAKER_L: it's been going
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. Kind of busy. So I had a few birthday trains today and for my kiddos and
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's so cool. Like
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: break the trains?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so like we're um uh what they do is everybody kind of gets together in their cars and lines up around the block and then drive down the street and the honk at the kids, give them presents.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. That's so cute. I've never seen that before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's it's pretty common down here since Covid happened since you can't really have too many people over. So that's what everybody's been doing lately. So it's pretty fun to see and everybody show up and the kids get excited.
SPEAKER_R: Also cute. So is it just like like is it like people like within the neighborhood or just like usually friends and family that like um like come into cars and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, it's usually friends and family. So just friends and family that you invite, um that's able to make it and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: I'm silent
SPEAKER_L: And they'll decorate their cars with balloons or like the um car markers and stuff
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: and everybody comes to their horn kind of bugs all the neighbors, but. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I've never seen him before or since I'm from New york city. I feel like uh it is like uh like you are able to be like super angry anyway so I feel like it's just like not so kind.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and I mean you guys have actually legitimate parades though, so when
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I go through.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. That's so I guess we have we do have that. So that's true. More
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: how long have you been in new york?
SPEAKER_R: uh I've been here, I've been I was raised born and raised in new york city like all my life. And then like I went out to like the like the suburban areas of new york for college and stuff, and then uh stay there for a couple of years, went to grad school over there too, and I just finished grad school uh last summer, and now I live in apartment out and like on the outskirts of like new york and like new york city and stuff, I do go visit every now and then my parents are from new york city, so every now and then I do go visit and stuff, but but I'm over here now because I just started my job actually um three weeks in. So yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: explain what
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: do you do
SPEAKER_R: here. Okay so uh my job is pretty crazy. I work for like a non profit organization and I typically like work with people who have like um like uh like somebody like physical or intellectual disability or they have like some sort of illness is, my
SPEAKER_L: out?
SPEAKER_R: job is essentially, yeah my job is essentially like a health care aide, like I helped them with like uh like everyday living and stuff like that, so and uh and a lot of things that are like because a lot of them do have like uh like uh like intellectual conditions to so something more like really normal to us or like life stuff like personal boundaries or even like using the bathroom and went across the street and stuff like that, It's super normal to us. Um And then like my job part of it is like to teach them that and like to help them learn those things. Um It's pretty stressful because especially when like when you already have people who are uh for like challenged in some ways it can be like very emotionally taxing. So there is a lot of like uh aggressive behavior and a lot of like for a bluegrass and stuff like that, so it can be pretty, pretty tiring at times.
SPEAKER_L: What made you want to get into something like that?
SPEAKER_R: Um Generally because like I I I really enjoy like to be like taking care of people. I think it's kind of like, I feel like I've come to like I've come to terms that I feel like it's kind of like my niche area is I just really enjoyed like taking care of people and what not. And it's a whole like an area that I've also been like really interested in like for a while, so I was like figure like and it's also covid, so like after I graduate from grad school, like it was really hard. Um I graduated with a different degree actually. Um And is that it's not applicable to my job at all? And it was really hard to find a job especially because so my Master's degree just for like context. Um It's in higher education administration. So it basically means like basically means like managing universities and working in like university management and this is like a huge hiring freeze going on, like it was placed by our governor here in new york. And like there was no absolutely no colleges, like like hiring at all, you have to consider like an essential worker to uh to work at a university. So um after our great, it was it was just like a terrible time to graduate too. So after I graduate I was like okay, you really need to find a job. And then in underground I actually major in bio uh and like the health care sciences. So I figured like might not go back to it. And then that's pretty much like how I ended up here.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's pretty awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you? What do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: Um Actually I don't work, just surveys and stuff. I stay home. Um We have three kids, so, so right now we're doing school with two, well two of them were in private school, but um are you can get some home schooling for kindergarten just because the zoom process and kind of what they're doing is so far frustrating on everybody's part. I thought.
SPEAKER_R: I know. It really is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so I thought it would be better just to stay home with her and to kind of help her until she gets to first grade and depending on what happens in our state at least um figuring out, you know what the next move
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: is and stuff. So right now just hanging out at home and now doing that. So
SPEAKER_R: Uh you say you have three kids, right?
SPEAKER_L: yes, we have three kiddos,
SPEAKER_R: Did they all go to school? Like like online school or just some of them like physically like go to like attend
SPEAKER_L: Graham,
SPEAKER_R: classical stuff?
SPEAKER_L: two of ours go to a private school, so it's super super small, so um there's only a few kids actually in their class and because out they're able to do that, so two of them there in middle school, so we haven't going to private school because it's a lot easier um for them to be in person for that kind of stuff. Our youngest is kindergarten, so we had her um here because it's easier for me to teach her since we kind of just getting into the whole learning Thing. And so yeah uh do private school though because our youngest are Middle one, he just doesn't do online learning very well frustrated and once he kind of gets in his head he kind of shut down so trying to get him over it, his heart that we figured out what the best option for us. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Do they have the option like they have the options to pick from? Like whether or not they do it online or like they wanted to go in person or is it like just
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: either online or in person?
SPEAKER_L: so they actually completely our states pretty much been completely shut down from anything in school and person, all of the sports, all of the party, everything is on zoom. So they started off in the school, resumes home and doing it, but within the first nine weeks, I mean they were both failing their classes and just miserable,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, so then we switched on, so it's been a lot better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. I can totally understand that. I feel like you like it's just like your your attention span like when you're like taking classes will resume and stuff like that, it's just like it's like really sure it's really hard to concentrate and stuff. Um and you're at home and like you don't have like the motivation like to do it, do work. Um um I live really close to like the university that I went to, like a 15 minute drive and stuff like that. And uh you have like the option like at least for colleges like you have the odd like the option whether or not like you want to take classes like in person or um like do it online, I would say afraid, I would say a good majority, I want to say it to be like 80-90% of people have
SPEAKER_L: Keep.
SPEAKER_R: chose to take classes online. Um like to stay at home, I think, well I think the biggest reason being is like it saves a lot of money and you don't have to pay for like storms and stuff like that. Yeah. And then like as intuitions are so expensive, I think a lot of people are just kind of like, well um like classes, like they'll need to be in person like why not just stay at home like and then just be safe for like one year and stuff. And for people who do stay on campus, I think it's more so like if their classes like have to be in person, like it was like labs and stuff like that, but they have like um like some like some sort of other causes that they require to be in person and whatnot. But it's just so weird because like the other day I was like walking on campus and like it usually is not really like pretty like crowded and stuff like that. You see people walking around and it just like dead silence like everywhere. Sorry
SPEAKER_L: So as far as like where you live, are you guys like on any kind of lockdown? Like how are your numbers or like house living, does that look like right now?
SPEAKER_R: that's actually a great person. So we're uh I believe like we're either Kind of like I'm on one of the last phase is um of like being reopened and stuff like in terms of restaurants and stuff like that they have to operate like 30% of like staff members. Um and so there's a lot of takeouts um there are some places that you have like dining areas that you can actually go in and like dining but but obviously you can't operate like 100% capacity. So usually like it for tables and whatnot. There's like a space in between each table. Um This is just to maintain that the social distancing and wanna. But I feel like um where I live right now on the outskirts of new york, it's like it's like pretty like uh I'm not not a very high population of people so I feel like there isn't as high as the covid cases. Although I will say though um from what we've seen on the news, like new york is like it's like really really close on like a second wave of like having like coronavirus and stuff like that. So I thought so even though I shouldn't say like um it's a little bit better here. Uh It's like really hard to say um New york city on the other hand uh when I went when I went to like like the city center area in Manhattan, uh It was like 1/10 of the population of people there, like it was like pretty empty. Like normally new york city is like super, super busy. There's just so
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: many people, but um not not not so much anymore and I feel like a lot of people aren't taking like the coronavirus super seriously. So people, a lot of people are like are not going out like what their mass and stuff like that. So um I would imagine it's kind of like pretty similar to everywhere else, but I feel like long new Yorkers like don't take it as seriously as they should. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. I know we're on our I guess it would be like our first wave, we didn't really
SPEAKER_R: Mom.
SPEAKER_L: have that many cases when it all started, we're kind of in the lower end, but now we're kind of like this big surge but we live near el paso texas and el paso are um
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: juarez near Mexico the border, so they're having huge surges so I kind of think that's what's affecting our numbers um But yeah just shut us down completely almost for like two weeks. So you can do Take out um stores can have 75 people in them no more. So kind of like really, really strict just to try to get it because um we were actually sending a lot of supplies and people to like other places that were really bad. Well now that we're going through it, a lot of places are like strapped on like equipment and stuff I guess. So our hospitals, I know like um are very scarce with like supplies and stuff. So she put us on lockdown um to try to help like the hospitals and the nurses and doctors and stuff from
SPEAKER_R: We want
SPEAKER_L: from us getting into this like I don't like, she kind of called it like a doomsday type thing. So well, So we're on lockdown through thanksgiving through the 30th I think is what she said. So it starts Monday. But it's been crazy here. People and the masses like panicking going out to stores and buying everything up.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, we're kind of seeing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like where I live in new york, it's like, it's like almost, it almost feels like um a lot of areas like almost feels like it's like pray private. Like I was, I was actually, I actually just came, I actually just came back with involved just to get like food and stuff like that and it almost looks like it almost feels like Covid never happened. Like it was like there's there's already so many people that molly. I literally felt like uh what the mall looked like before Covid and stuff like that. So uh
SPEAKER_L: Mm
SPEAKER_R: I kind of feel like this is like this is about me and my staff, I call it like kind of like discussed about, I think are like we're saying how like our prediction is like we're gonna be we're gonna be in quarantine for probably until like 2022
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: or something like that. Um Yeah, and they're also saying like um okay, well what are they saying uh crap. I just like I just lost my train of thought. Oh, I just also try to thought, oh my God. Um Oh my God, I'm trying to remember what was I saying? Um Right.
SPEAKER_L: talking about how we're going to be in quarantine to like 20, And
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. Really? Oh my God, I really can't remember. Um Well yeah, we're gonna be here to 2022, it's like what my staff are predicting,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't know. We'll see, we'll see what happens. I mean, you know, it's kind of hard because like what everybody says, you know, we can
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: quarantine everybody, but at the same time, like, you know, if we're also not, I guess what people are saying is if you're not also putting yourself your immune system to
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the tents kind of thing. Like it's also hard to build up anything against something that you've never come in contact with. So like I know here it's very split where people are like, I would rather just get it. And if I live like, you know my system, my immune system is built up to where now it can fight it some more like that. You kind of get like half you get like one extreme or the other where it's no I don't want to get it at all. But um because uh here there's a lot of people that have gotten and recovered from it, not very many people have died at least where I live. A lot of more people kind of in other parts uh I live like in New Mexico like Northern Eastern, they've had more deaths up there, but where I live, there's not been as many, a lot
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: the deaths haven't haven't been covid related, it's been like heart attacks or um uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: just different medical things like that. So I think here it's kind of more people not seeing it, they're just seeing the effects of oh you know you get really sick and then you get better and so it's kind of a it's interesting because you always hear all these different stories from where everybody else is, you know? But I mean you know it's hard to it's hard to kind of be like okay, you know, it's hard to see people and suffer from it. It's hard you know, to tell people, you know, they can't go work, it's not an easy situation for anybody.
SPEAKER_R: I know. It's really not like I feel and I actually like the uh the government is doing such a terrible job of handling it too um over here in new york. The statistic is like, like 1% of people who don covid have like passed away, but there's just like there's like 10 million people in new york, so 1% it's like 100,000 people who have died. Um And like a lot of my staff members were speculating that like uh well I feel like everyone's eventually have to go have to like go back to work and just deal with it because even though like if you even, you can register for like unemployment, it's like not enough to cover like the crazy like sky high, like rent money that you have to pay for new york city and stuff, like eventually, like they have to open up their shops and stuff like that just to be able to support themselves, like unemployment is not going to give you enough, so uh
SPEAKER_L: And eventually those funds right now I know for us in the state like um in my opinion, our governor didn't handle like the finance as well, we had a surplus and she gave way before this started and now he's like man had she not done that, like we would have had a lot more resources but right now because the government hasn't come up with any new um plans and stuff for extra money and stuff like people here, I mean she's pretty much told everybody they're kind of on their own there is no more money you know good luck to you and it's like okay. Yeah. Yeah it's you know and I mean that's why she's doing the lockdown you know but at the same time it's like unemployment here, there's new steps that you have to go through to get it. So people who need unemployment now they told him it's gonna be like four weeks until they get it. So you know people build are going further you know debt further being back paid. Um here are being limited and who they can hire. We've had a lot of small businesses where I live, there's a lot of small business and a lot of them a good majority of them have closed because they can't afford to stay open.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's the ones that I really hurt me that most like the mom and pop shops to close it. Like some of them are like I've been been in business like the family business for like years and years and years and like they unfortunately to close that it's all crazy. I I literally feel like I'm living in like a like a movie or something like that. Like I was like this is like I would never have imagined to be here. I was actually supposed to go on vacation like uh like in the beginning like somewhere like in the middle of March, it was literally right before like the whole lockdown car, like literally like probably a few days before that a couple of flying from Chicago and stuff like that and then that is not happening at all because they felt like it was like really unsafe and we were like at the time like we didn't know anything even if we could even get out of Chicago, if we did go and stuff, but we didn't get a refund. Yeah, we didn't get a refund back and our airline told us that We can like reschedule it, but the last like the expiration date to like rescheduled, like December 2020, so that's like next month and we still haven't like plan anything, so.
SPEAKER_L: that's hard. Well I don't think that they would give an extension, especially with the rise and stuff. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I think a lot of people are also speculating that it will be done by the summertime because like um generally like there isn't like a lot of like uh like illnesses and like diseases like the girls in the summertime, but I feel like I really didn't feel like it was going to like, like it was gonna be over at the summertime. I really didn't feel like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know that was us. We were supposed to take the kids, we were saving up to take them to Disney
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: World, so we've been to Disneyland because California is not too far, but Disney World, the kids have always been wanting
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: so we were gonna go actually for thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Me too.
SPEAKER_L: So we wanted to take them during when they do the christmas and get
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: all set up for that and yeah, that was um what I told my husband, I was like, I'm so glad we did not buy tickets because we can't afford to quarantine for two weeks, then go to Disney
SPEAKER_R: Who is? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and then come back and point I'm like that's yeah, but we can't do that, so kind of a bummer. But you know,
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: it happens.
SPEAKER_R: it like in New Mexico? Is the weather like? Mm
SPEAKER_L: No, keep playing your friend.
SPEAKER_R: So are you saying uh
SPEAKER_L: I was,
SPEAKER_R: what what's the weather or what's what's what's new Mexico like it's like similar to the weather to like L. A. And stuff like that in California.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, um, not quite similar. Um, Sorry? Uh, not quite similar. So in New Mexico, in different parts, um, they get four seasons where I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: live, we usually are hot or fall weather the majority of the time. Um, right now I think it's the high, I think it was like 74 today. So We don't usually get cold till after Christmas. We'll get like, it will drop down to like the 40s, 50s, um, where I live
SPEAKER_R: what's your home?
SPEAKER_L: And then it'll go right back up to the 60s, 70s. And then in the summer it gets about 100, Usually summers for a few months and then it cools back down. So for the most part you can wear shorts all year round for them enjoy here.
SPEAKER_R: that's like, it's like a dream, like weather over here in New York. It's so funny because you're saying how like the lowest, it's like 40s, it's like 40°,, like right here in New York, I have like literally like a turtleneck sweater going on and stuff. It's getting there. It gets really, really brutal in new york, like single digits, brutal sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I bet I used to, I went out to pennsylvania to school out there for a little while. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh really?
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. And so yeah, I can imagine it gets really cold on the East Coast, but you know, here not
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: really. Um, we have a lot of mountains and stuff so it breaks up the weather. So it's really pretty. As far as the economy though, it's not the greatest. Education is
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: not the greatest were last in almost everything as far as
SPEAKER_R: really? Oh I don't know
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: that. So yeah, it's not, it's beautiful to live in. Like if it were just to be a retirement, we have people from California florida all overcome to retire here because it's just gorgeous. Um, economy wise. And like if you're looking for a job, there's not too many big and jobs here, like if you want a career that's worth advancing in, it's better to somewhere else just because here doesn't really offer a lot of that. Um But my husband had worked here, so he was born and raised here. I moved here because my dad was there force, so then we ended up here when I was.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I'm just kind of here raising kids and I mean for me it's fine, I like it because it's um we have about 100,000 people, I think it's about 225,000 people, it's not too many. Um And it spread out to like the county, you can go to the county side, the countryside. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Like so we live on the outskirts of the city, so it's nice and quiet and it works for us, but a lot of people, you
SPEAKER_R: Reborn
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: and reborn, Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: I was born in then.
SPEAKER_R: are you born in michigan?
SPEAKER_L: I was born in Michigan to my department. So my dad was a rare force so I was born in Michigan and we moved around a lot before I moved here though it was back in 2001. Before that we lived in Germany. So I moved from Germany to here which was a very big shop.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, that's so cool. I'm boring, I was literally born and raised in new york. I've like barely haven't even gotten seem like other states and stuff like that. I've like never gone overseas or anything like that. Uh Yeah, I literally gone to California just for a senior like college trip and that was basically I I posted around like the east coast like boston area, pennsylvania, massachusetts, New Jersey. But other
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: than that like I haven't got anywhere unlike the like the midwest of the United States and stuff like that. So
SPEAKER_L: well if you ever get sick of the cold, you know new Mexico is always pretty decent for the most part so whether wide.
SPEAKER_R: that's like, I feel like that's like ideal weather. Like I was, I hate the cold so much. I feel like people in like, like California would be like only being this snow and stuff like that and I'm like, okay, come over and like shelf snow like out of my car, please like come over here to do it for me. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's the one thing I love is that we don't have to do it and then if we miss snow um it's like an hour drive to the mountains and they get snow little ski resort and stuff but it's like an hour away so if we really want to see it we can just drive to it and then we can drive away and have nice better and not half about it. So I mean the kids are my no my kids they they see the movies and stuff and
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: they get excited like when are we going to get that? And I'm like probably never.
SPEAKER_R: probably never. Oh my God, I, I only like Snowden because this time and I'm like, okay, it's done like it's over with, you know,
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: it is tired.
SPEAKER_L: have gone
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Okay. I was like literally okay just for the holidays and then it can go away so it gets pretty bad sometimes, especially with like climate change and stuff and like global warming, we'll have sometimes we'll have snow all it up until like March or something like that. So very, very long time in new york
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well at least it's well how long so how long you sit up until March? You guys get snow?
SPEAKER_R: I want sometime. It really depends. I feel like like as the years go by like I guess like it gets like really like if he ends up like that, but generally like sometimes it gets like, again sometimes I get pretty cold like only up until watching stuff, it's been like for the weather is so pipe bipolar lately. Like I actually like this week, like our highest is like like in the 70°.. But literally two weeks ago I swear to God it was like 20°.. That was so cold and now it just went up to like 70°.. Like I like it. It's just it's crazy. It's the weather here is like really unpredictable. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well hopefully this year it's not so bad. Hopefully you know I know everybody is hoping that in 2021 everything resets and goes back to normal so we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Like the tree. All
SPEAKER_L: it was pretty talking to you
SPEAKER_R: You too?
SPEAKER_L: I think I don't know if you have anything else you wanted to ask for J or before we end our conversation or,
SPEAKER_R: No, that's the decision. My second time doing it. So it's just like we just exit out and that's it.
SPEAKER_L: yep. No it's good. All right well you have a good rest of your day. Thanks good luck
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: with your
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, bye.