Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh
that's
Yes, everything's good. Can you hear me? Stevie? Alright. Hi, how are you?
I'm doing well. Uh My name is Sherry and I'm from new york city or you have a new york area?
Oh nice. Very nice. How's your day going?
You know?
Oh that's so cool. Like
break the trains?
Oh my god. That's so cute. I've never seen that before.
Also cute. So is it just like like is it like people like within the neighborhood or just like usually friends and family that like um like come into cars and stuff?
I'm silent
our
I've never seen him before or since I'm from New york city. I feel like uh it is like uh like you are able to be like super angry anyway so I feel like it's just like not so kind.
That's
that's true. That's so I guess we have we do have that. So that's true. More
how
uh I've been here, I've been I was raised born and raised in new york city like all my life. And then like I went out to like the like the suburban areas of new york for college and stuff, and then uh stay there for a couple of years, went to grad school over there too, and I just finished grad school uh last summer, and now I live in apartment out and like on the outskirts of like new york and like new york city and stuff, I do go visit every now and then my parents are from new york city, so every now and then I do go visit and stuff, but but I'm over here now because I just started my job actually um three weeks in. So yeah, so
out
here. Okay so uh my job is pretty crazy. I work for like a non profit organization and I typically like work with people who have like um like uh like somebody like physical or intellectual disability or they have like some sort of illness is, my
job is essentially, yeah my job is essentially like a health care aide, like I helped them with like uh like everyday living and stuff like that, so and uh and a lot of things that are like because a lot of them do have like uh like uh like intellectual conditions to so something more like really normal to us or like life stuff like personal boundaries or even like using the bathroom and went across the street and stuff like that, It's super normal to us. Um And then like my job part of it is like to teach them that and like to help them learn those things. Um It's pretty stressful because especially when like when you already have people who are uh for like challenged in some ways it can be like very emotionally taxing. So there is a lot of like uh aggressive behavior and a lot of like for a bluegrass and stuff like that, so it can be pretty, pretty tiring at times.
Um Generally because like I I I really enjoy like to be like taking care of people. I think it's kind of like, I feel like I've come to like I've come to terms that I feel like it's kind of like my niche area is I just really enjoyed like taking care of people and what not. And it's a whole like an area that I've also been like really interested in like for a while, so I was like figure like and it's also covid, so like after I graduate from grad school, like it was really hard. Um I graduated with a different degree actually. Um And is that it's not applicable to my job at all? And it was really hard to find a job especially because so my Master's degree just for like context. Um It's in higher education administration. So it basically means like basically means like managing universities and working in like university management and this is like a huge hiring freeze going on, like it was placed by our governor here in new york. And like there was no absolutely no colleges, like like hiring at all, you have to consider like an essential worker to uh to work at a university. So um after our great, it was it was just like a terrible time to graduate too. So after I graduate I was like okay, you really need to find a job. And then in underground I actually major in bio uh and like the health care sciences. So I figured like might not go back to it. And then that's pretty much like how I ended up here.
Yeah. What about you? What do you do for work?
I know. It really is. Yeah.
Well,
Uh you say you have three kids, right?
Did they all go to school? Like like online school or just some of them like physically like go to like attend
classical stuff?
Yeah. Yeah. Do they have the option like they have the options to pick from? Like whether or not they do it online or like they wanted to go in person or is it like just
either online or in person?
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, for sure. I can totally understand that. I feel like you like it's just like your your attention span like when you're like taking classes will resume and stuff like that, it's just like it's like really sure it's really hard to concentrate and stuff. Um and you're at home and like you don't have like the motivation like to do it, do work. Um um I live really close to like the university that I went to, like a 15 minute drive and stuff like that. And uh you have like the option like at least for colleges like you have the odd like the option whether or not like you want to take classes like in person or um like do it online, I would say afraid, I would say a good majority, I want to say it to be like 80-90% of people have
chose to take classes online. Um like to stay at home, I think, well I think the biggest reason being is like it saves a lot of money and you don't have to pay for like storms and stuff like that. Yeah. And then like as intuitions are so expensive, I think a lot of people are just kind of like, well um like classes, like they'll need to be in person like why not just stay at home like and then just be safe for like one year and stuff. And for people who do stay on campus, I think it's more so like if their classes like have to be in person, like it was like labs and stuff like that, but they have like um like some like some sort of other causes that they require to be in person and whatnot. But it's just so weird because like the other day I was like walking on campus and like it usually is not really like pretty like crowded and stuff like that. You see people walking around and it just like dead silence like everywhere. Sorry
that's actually a great person. So we're uh I believe like we're either Kind of like I'm on one of the last phase is um of like being reopened and stuff like in terms of restaurants and stuff like that they have to operate like 30% of like staff members. Um and so there's a lot of takeouts um there are some places that you have like dining areas that you can actually go in and like dining but but obviously you can't operate like 100% capacity. So usually like it for tables and whatnot. There's like a space in between each table. Um This is just to maintain that the social distancing and wanna. But I feel like um where I live right now on the outskirts of new york, it's like it's like pretty like uh I'm not not a very high population of people so I feel like there isn't as high as the covid cases. Although I will say though um from what we've seen on the news, like new york is like it's like really really close on like a second wave of like having like coronavirus and stuff like that. So I thought so even though I shouldn't say like um it's a little bit better here. Uh It's like really hard to say um New york city on the other hand uh when I went when I went to like like the city center area in Manhattan, uh It was like 1/10 of the population of people there, like it was like pretty empty. Like normally new york city is like super, super busy. There's just so
many people, but um not not not so much anymore and I feel like a lot of people aren't taking like the coronavirus super seriously. So people, a lot of people are like are not going out like what their mass and stuff like that. So um I would imagine it's kind of like pretty similar to everywhere else, but I feel like long new Yorkers like don't take it as seriously as they should. Yeah.
Mom.
It's
We want
You
know?
Yeah. Yeah, I feel like where I live in new york, it's like, it's like almost, it almost feels like um a lot of areas like almost feels like it's like pray private. Like I was, I was actually, I actually just came, I actually just came back with involved just to get like food and stuff like that and it almost looks like it almost feels like Covid never happened. Like it was like there's there's already so many people that molly. I literally felt like uh what the mall looked like before Covid and stuff like that. So uh
I kind of feel like this is like this is about me and my staff, I call it like kind of like discussed about, I think are like we're saying how like our prediction is like we're gonna be we're gonna be in quarantine for probably until like 2022
or something like that. Um Yeah, and they're also saying like um okay, well what are they saying uh crap. I just like I just lost my train of thought. Oh, I just also try to thought, oh my God. Um Oh my God, I'm trying to remember what was I saying? Um Right.
Oh my God. Really? Oh my God, I really can't remember. Um Well yeah, we're gonna be here to 2022, it's like what my staff are predicting,
but
All
And
well.
Right.
I know. It's really not like I feel and I actually like the uh the government is doing such a terrible job of handling it too um over here in new york. The statistic is like, like 1% of people who don covid have like passed away, but there's just like there's like 10 million people in new york, so 1% it's like 100,000 people who have died. Um And like a lot of my staff members were speculating that like uh well I feel like everyone's eventually have to go have to like go back to work and just deal with it because even though like if you even, you can register for like unemployment, it's like not enough to cover like the crazy like sky high, like rent money that you have to pay for new york city and stuff, like eventually, like they have to open up their shops and stuff like that just to be able to support themselves, like unemployment is not going to give you enough, so uh
Yeah, that's that's the ones that I really hurt me that most like the mom and pop shops to close it. Like some of them are like I've been been in business like the family business for like years and years and years and like they unfortunately to close that it's all crazy. I I literally feel like I'm living in like a like a movie or something like that. Like I was like this is like I would never have imagined to be here. I was actually supposed to go on vacation like uh like in the beginning like somewhere like in the middle of March, it was literally right before like the whole lockdown car, like literally like probably a few days before that a couple of flying from Chicago and stuff like that and then that is not happening at all because they felt like it was like really unsafe and we were like at the time like we didn't know anything even if we could even get out of Chicago, if we did go and stuff, but we didn't get a refund. Yeah, we didn't get a refund back and our airline told us that We can like reschedule it, but the last like the expiration date to like rescheduled, like December 2020, so that's like next month and we still haven't like plan anything, so.
Right. I think a lot of people are also speculating that it will be done by the summertime because like um generally like there isn't like a lot of like uh like illnesses and like diseases like the girls in the summertime, but I feel like I really didn't feel like it was going to like, like it was gonna be over at the summertime. I really didn't feel like
good.
I don't
know.
Uh Me too.
But
Who is? Yeah.
What's
it like in New Mexico? Is the weather like? Mm
So are you saying uh
what what's the weather or what's what's what's new Mexico like it's like similar to the weather to like L. A. And stuff like that in California.
All
what's your home?
that's like, it's like a dream, like weather over here in New York. It's so funny because you're saying how like the lowest, it's like 40s, it's like 40°,, like right here in New York, I have like literally like a turtleneck sweater going on and stuff. It's getting there. It gets really, really brutal in new york, like single digits, brutal sometimes.
Oh really?
here.
That's
really? Oh I don't know
the
I see.
Mhm
Reborn
and reborn, Sorry,
are you born in michigan?
Oh my God, that's so cool. I'm boring, I was literally born and raised in new york. I've like barely haven't even gotten seem like other states and stuff like that. I've like never gone overseas or anything like that. Uh Yeah, I literally gone to California just for a senior like college trip and that was basically I I posted around like the east coast like boston area, pennsylvania, massachusetts, New Jersey. But other
than that like I haven't got anywhere unlike the like the midwest of the United States and stuff like that. So
that's like, I feel like that's like ideal weather. Like I was, I hate the cold so much. I feel like people in like, like California would be like only being this snow and stuff like that and I'm like, okay, come over and like shelf snow like out of my car, please like come over here to do it for me. Okay.
I'm
probably never. Oh my God, I, I only like Snowden because this time and I'm like, okay, it's done like it's over with, you know,
it is tired.
Yeah, Okay. I was like literally okay just for the holidays and then it can go away so it gets pretty bad sometimes, especially with like climate change and stuff and like global warming, we'll have sometimes we'll have snow all it up until like March or something like that. So very, very long time in new york
I want sometime. It really depends. I feel like like as the years go by like I guess like it gets like really like if he ends up like that, but generally like sometimes it gets like, again sometimes I get pretty cold like only up until watching stuff, it's been like for the weather is so pipe bipolar lately. Like I actually like this week, like our highest is like like in the 70°.. But literally two weeks ago I swear to God it was like 20°.. That was so cold and now it just went up to like 70°.. Like I like it. It's just it's crazy. It's the weather here is like really unpredictable. Uh huh.
Like the tree. All
You too?
No, that's the decision. My second time doing it. So it's just like we just exit out and that's it.
All
Thank you, bye.