mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Down. Yeah. Yeah. Hi,
can
you hear me? You see me? Okay.
I'm good. How are you?
Uh Nice to meet her. I'm Shantel. I'm from New Mexico.
it's been going
pretty good. Kind of busy. So I had a few birthday trains today and for my kiddos and
just,
yeah, so like we're um uh what they do is everybody kind of gets together in their cars and lines up around the block and then drive down the street and the honk at the kids, give them presents.
Yeah. So that's it's pretty common down here since Covid happened since you can't really have too many people over. So that's what everybody's been doing lately. So it's pretty fun to see and everybody show up and the kids get excited.
Uh No, it's usually friends and family. So just friends and family that you invite, um that's able to make it and whatnot.
And they'll decorate their cars with balloons or like the um car markers and stuff
and everybody comes to their horn kind of bugs all the neighbors, but. Uh
Yeah. Well, and I mean you guys have actually legitimate parades though, so when
I go through.
But
how long have you been in new york?
explain what
do you do
out?
What made you want to get into something like that?
Oh, that's pretty awesome.
Um Actually I don't work, just surveys and stuff. I stay home. Um We have three kids, so, so right now we're doing school with two, well two of them were in private school, but um are you can get some home schooling for kindergarten just because the zoom process and kind of what they're doing is so far frustrating on everybody's part. I thought.
so I thought it would be better just to stay home with her and to kind of help her until she gets to first grade and depending on what happens in our state at least um figuring out, you know what the next move
is and stuff. So right now just hanging out at home and now doing that. So
yes, we have three kiddos,
Graham,
two of ours go to a private school, so it's super super small, so um there's only a few kids actually in their class and because out they're able to do that, so two of them there in middle school, so we haven't going to private school because it's a lot easier um for them to be in person for that kind of stuff. Our youngest is kindergarten, so we had her um here because it's easier for me to teach her since we kind of just getting into the whole learning Thing. And so yeah uh do private school though because our youngest are Middle one, he just doesn't do online learning very well frustrated and once he kind of gets in his head he kind of shut down so trying to get him over it, his heart that we figured out what the best option for us. So.
No,
so they actually completely our states pretty much been completely shut down from anything in school and person, all of the sports, all of the party, everything is on zoom. So they started off in the school, resumes home and doing it, but within the first nine weeks, I mean they were both failing their classes and just miserable,
so yeah, so then we switched on, so it's been a lot better.
Keep.
So as far as like where you live, are you guys like on any kind of lockdown? Like how are your numbers or like house living, does that look like right now?
And
that makes sense. I know we're on our I guess it would be like our first wave, we didn't really
have that many cases when it all started, we're kind of in the lower end, but now we're kind of like this big surge but we live near el paso texas and el paso are um
juarez near Mexico the border, so they're having huge surges so I kind of think that's what's affecting our numbers um But yeah just shut us down completely almost for like two weeks. So you can do Take out um stores can have 75 people in them no more. So kind of like really, really strict just to try to get it because um we were actually sending a lot of supplies and people to like other places that were really bad. Well now that we're going through it, a lot of places are like strapped on like equipment and stuff I guess. So our hospitals, I know like um are very scarce with like supplies and stuff. So she put us on lockdown um to try to help like the hospitals and the nurses and doctors and stuff from
from us getting into this like I don't like, she kind of called it like a doomsday type thing. So well, So we're on lockdown through thanksgiving through the 30th I think is what she said. So it starts Monday. But it's been crazy here. People and the masses like panicking going out to stores and buying everything up.
So.
Uh huh. Yeah, we're kind of seeing
Mm
It's
talking about how we're going to be in quarantine to like 20, And
yeah, I don't know. We'll see, we'll see what happens. I mean, you know, it's kind of hard because like what everybody says, you know, we can
quarantine everybody, but at the same time, like, you know, if we're also not, I guess what people are saying is if you're not also putting yourself your immune system to
the tents kind of thing. Like it's also hard to build up anything against something that you've never come in contact with. So like I know here it's very split where people are like, I would rather just get it. And if I live like, you know my system, my immune system is built up to where now it can fight it some more like that. You kind of get like half you get like one extreme or the other where it's no I don't want to get it at all. But um because uh here there's a lot of people that have gotten and recovered from it, not very many people have died at least where I live. A lot of more people kind of in other parts uh I live like in New Mexico like Northern Eastern, they've had more deaths up there, but where I live, there's not been as many, a lot
of
the deaths haven't haven't been covid related, it's been like heart attacks or um uh
just different medical things like that. So I think here it's kind of more people not seeing it, they're just seeing the effects of oh you know you get really sick and then you get better and so it's kind of a it's interesting because you always hear all these different stories from where everybody else is, you know? But I mean you know it's hard to it's hard to kind of be like okay, you know, it's hard to see people and suffer from it. It's hard you know, to tell people, you know, they can't go work, it's not an easy situation for anybody.
And eventually those funds right now I know for us in the state like um in my opinion, our governor didn't handle like the finance as well, we had a surplus and she gave way before this started and now he's like man had she not done that, like we would have had a lot more resources but right now because the government hasn't come up with any new um plans and stuff for extra money and stuff like people here, I mean she's pretty much told everybody they're kind of on their own there is no more money you know good luck to you and it's like okay. Yeah. Yeah it's you know and I mean that's why she's doing the lockdown you know but at the same time it's like unemployment here, there's new steps that you have to go through to get it. So people who need unemployment now they told him it's gonna be like four weeks until they get it. So you know people build are going further you know debt further being back paid. Um here are being limited and who they can hire. We've had a lot of small businesses where I live, there's a lot of small business and a lot of them a good majority of them have closed because they can't afford to stay open.
that's hard. Well I don't think that they would give an extension, especially with the rise and stuff. Mhm.
Yeah, I know that was us. We were supposed to take the kids, we were saving up to take them to Disney
World, so we've been to Disneyland because California is not too far, but Disney World, the kids have always been wanting
to,
so we were gonna go actually for thanksgiving.
So we wanted to take them during when they do the christmas and get
all set up for that and yeah, that was um what I told my husband, I was like, I'm so glad we did not buy tickets because we can't afford to quarantine for two weeks, then go to Disney
and then come back and point I'm like that's yeah, but we can't do that, so kind of a bummer. But you know,
it happens.
No, keep playing your friend.
I was,
yeah, um, not quite similar. Um, Sorry? Uh, not quite similar. So in New Mexico, in different parts, um, they get four seasons where I
live, we usually are hot or fall weather the majority of the time. Um, right now I think it's the high, I think it was like 74 today. So We don't usually get cold till after Christmas. We'll get like, it will drop down to like the 40s, 50s, um, where I live
And then it'll go right back up to the 60s, 70s. And then in the summer it gets about 100, Usually summers for a few months and then it cools back down. So for the most part you can wear shorts all year round for them enjoy here.
Oh, I bet I used to, I went out to pennsylvania to school out there for a little while. Um
mm hmm. And so yeah, I can imagine it gets really cold on the East Coast, but you know, here not
really. Um, we have a lot of mountains and stuff so it breaks up the weather. So it's really pretty. As far as the economy though, it's not the greatest. Education is
not the greatest were last in almost everything as far as
well
that. So yeah, it's not, it's beautiful to live in. Like if it were just to be a retirement, we have people from California florida all overcome to retire here because it's just gorgeous. Um, economy wise. And like if you're looking for a job, there's not too many big and jobs here, like if you want a career that's worth advancing in, it's better to somewhere else just because here doesn't really offer a lot of that. Um But my husband had worked here, so he was born and raised here. I moved here because my dad was there force, so then we ended up here when I was.
Yeah, so I'm just kind of here raising kids and I mean for me it's fine, I like it because it's um we have about 100,000 people, I think it's about 225,000 people, it's not too many. Um And it spread out to like the county, you can go to the county side, the countryside. Um
Like so we live on the outskirts of the city, so it's nice and quiet and it works for us, but a lot of people, you
know?
I was born in then.
I was born in Michigan to my department. So my dad was a rare force so I was born in Michigan and we moved around a lot before I moved here though it was back in 2001. Before that we lived in Germany. So I moved from Germany to here which was a very big shop.
and
well if you ever get sick of the cold, you know new Mexico is always pretty decent for the most part so whether wide.
Yeah. That's the one thing I love is that we don't have to do it and then if we miss snow um it's like an hour drive to the mountains and they get snow little ski resort and stuff but it's like an hour away so if we really want to see it we can just drive to it and then we can drive away and have nice better and not half about it. So I mean the kids are my no my kids they they see the movies and stuff and
they get excited like when are we going to get that? And I'm like probably never.
we
have gone
Yeah. Well at least it's well how long so how long you sit up until March? You guys get snow?
Well hopefully this year it's not so bad. Hopefully you know I know everybody is hoping that in 2021 everything resets and goes back to normal so we'll see.
it was pretty talking to you
I think I don't know if you have anything else you wanted to ask for J or before we end our conversation or,
yep. No it's good. All right well you have a good rest of your day. Thanks good luck
with your