Hello, How are you?
Pretty again?
yeah, I am from Ohio,
where
are
you
from Kansas? Yeah, wow, that's that's a little ways away from here. What's the weather like there?
The,
no,
Today it's pretty nice. I think it was around 60 today, but
yes, but it's been, it was kind of cold over the weekend. We had some flurries, but we haven't had any real snow yet, so
I'm a data analyst, I work at Ohio State.
no, I actually don't have any interaction with them at all, so I'm working online now, you know,
so so I have been since March, but even before we didn't interact with students at all, just other oh issue employees, what do you do?
No,
that's mean
Uh huh
And I bet it's probably harder to do that, isn't it, over like in
person?
Well, I thought
hmm.
No.
great.
You
have
taken
is
the
catch
man.
that's gonna be hard. Yeah.
Oh, you do
what
keep you on your toes, I'm sure.
Yeah, I have to, I have a 16 year old and a 14 year old.
Yeah, there are a lot of fun out
what?
I
do.
little
bit
uh but we put up our christmas tree a few days ago, but we haven't, we just put the tree up, but we haven't done anything to it and then we put some lights outside, but we haven't really done anything else yet. Have you started
preparing?
I know.
Same.
I
know you don't because you're like at home all the time.
And
cars
have
gone
up to, cars have gone up to, but I say most people wear their masks so you don't see a lot of people that don't
I
know.
No
cheese.
He
probably
was.
yeah, I live like kind of in a suburb of columbus, so um just north of columbus that well, it's kind of a smaller town, but um this seems most of the people are pretty, they seem to be pretty on board with it, so.
No,
Yeah, I know
everything's
political,
No.
I'm not either,
not
my
style.
All right now, but this isn't over, but like the year is it's crazy. Cricket
land.
Are
they?
What?
No.
Right. Exactly. Yeah, I haven't really heard much about that either, but I know the cases are definitely going up a lot here. Yeah,
I think,
It,
And
And load up on vitamin C. That's supposed to be really good to help you whether not get it and if you do get it to help you recover quicker
vitamins
scene,
so
the kids don't like to swallow, you know the regular cap lit? So we get them the gummies.
and they
taste
good.
Yeah, so we take a lot of vitamin C. Just to help boost our immune system and stuff. So
Do whatever you can do because I think it affects everybody differently.
my mom was in a nursing home, well she has been for quite
and she actually passed away earlier this year but they were almost down because of Covid so
I couldn't go in and see her and
yeah we would go to the window and you know to talk to her but then it wasn't there and she passed away you know just from her normal you know old age I guess. But afterwards probably like a month or so ago. They got it really bad in that nursing home. The covid they've lost I think 16 people and some of the workers now have it stop. Sorry my dog.
All right.
Thank you. He's looking out the
window and something. Me okay. He wants to send the window. Can you see him?
He's a golden doodle.
My daughter is outside so I think he's trying to get out there.
Cure
very cute.
All
Um We actually just got him and now we got him in gym so we haven't had him that long. And so I think that the quarantine probably helped make our decision because they were like always on the go with sports and different things and like we don't have time for a dog, but then when when we're home all the time we decided just Get one and it's been a good experience so far
and
kids love love him. Yeah. So they wanted one for a long time.
that's
Same.
me too.
It
is
I have kind of one of each. So my daughter is doing in person school um and then my son is doing all online because that's what he chose that he wanted to be online so
he seems fine with it but she definitely needs the social interaction. Um
they
gave
us
the option.
are you?
I'm not thinking about that.
No.
Go
No.
Are they?
And
very
masts
and then wearing the mask all day do they have? Uh
she
shouldn't come to.
Those are my kids. I
nice to meet you.
Almost.
No.
No that's good. That
is good.
It is scary because if you don't know you might be in the next one. It's like it's hard.
What?
now.
very
difficult.
I think
a good uh help supplement I guess you know break in, thanks for my job has been good. So I haven't heard any issues we didn't get any raises this year but I guess that's to be expected and I don't know if they'll have furloughs at some point we don't know so I haven't heard any mention of any anything.
Uh huh.
Come
correct.
touch
no.
Can
you imagine like never getting back to normal?
there
Post
Yeah we probably have a lot more technological advances now than we did mm
So I was talking to someone yesterday who their mother in law lived through that pandemic and just passed away so like she like was involved in both of them like wow there's probably not too many that.
I know I thought it was interesting too because there's probably not many people at all in that situation. Yeah.
She
had to be really little at the time because so she could have been very old, but that's crazy.
yeah. Shit. Long
life.
Yeah, pretty much everything because I mean like what? That's a lot of stuff going on because even like with computers now, like I didn't have computers when I was a kid, I'm little, you know, and how much has changed in our lifetimes to think, much has changed in like hers is very crazy.
no.
Often
parents.
if.
I think our first one was pong, have you heard of that one?
I was born in 70. So when I was a kid that was our first video game and it was just really literally like a paddle on each side and a ball the ball back and forth and back and forth. And that was all it was. But it was mean at the time.
I
know.
I know. That
would have
been amazing.
Well,
I'm never
woman, a lot of good things that have come of it for me, like stay home, you know, and be around with the family more like I really like that a lot. Not commute to work.
That's true.
Yeah. We have to build an excuse now not to go to all those parties.
What?
Yeah, I wish I could, but
and
We're
still gonna
do thanksgiving, but it's not a very big group. So
being it'll be to begin.
what?
All
Thank
you.
Right, that makes
sense.
Mhm. Yeah, you just have to take that extra precaution and makes sense.
It has been a crazy year.
What?
My daughter played tennis and so they got through the whole tennis season without any issues. And my son, his baseball season was pretty much canceled. They had a few games in the fall. And then about his plays basketball too. And it started with the practices, but they've already shut it down for two weeks because one person on the, one of the other teams had a positive test, so they've shut down the whole basketball program until the end of the month. So then we'll try again and see how that goes. How about years play any kind of extracurriculars?
Well,
what do you mean?
Yeah. Yeah, we definitely have kind of limited some of them, but no, no, I mean especially I think basketball, you know like you're there all touching that same ball and you know indoors and and this was outside and they did they put
in in
the
west part?
Yeah and they would have a rule, so like each team had their own balls when they would hit it, you know, they would just, you know hit it with the rackets obviously and then if they had to pick it up, they they would just like hit with a racket or their foot and they wouldn't actually pick up the other teams balls so they would only touch their own,
there were a lot of rules like that around it and they didn't really have, you know, any real contact with the other team, so yeah, and it worked fine. They had a good season.
No.
Every
day
you can't stop living your life completely. Yeah.
Come
on
problem.
they pretty much staying home all the time too,
you're
like no,
it's too hard.
All
yeah, that helps that they can at least, you know, very good at they can get out some and not. Mhm. That makes sense.
well
well
Mhm. So alcohol often do they come back and stay with you?
because
her name?
Well that's good. Mhm.
Yeah, you probably go through phases to as they, you know.
No, that's true. Yeah.
Right. I know because that makes you miserable.
That's
a good one.
It all works out.
Yeah. Um They I think they do they use different things like they talk on the phone or you know I don't base time they don't I don't know how much they use them we use different baseball teams. Some they use them as a whole team can do it together and
yeah it's not quite the same. I mean it does help that you can see the person you're talking to but the same as you know actually being there
when you're talking as well so that they could just
you know I think it's nice I mean it's pretty nice today tomorrow I think it's supposed to be maybe a little cooler but nice too so
Last
who
was?
Yeah that sounds really nice days for a while because I can do without the all the snow.
Brand
Queen.
All right. So we can like 100 is pretty hot if it gets 100 here and in the winter I mean they can get pretty cold in the winter but we haven't had a lot of snow the last few years so we're about due.
huh.
So
and
Well
yeah that's not fine.
People.
You're looking
forward to it.
Right. Yeah that's that's a good kind of snow for me too. Open
Everything's
shut down.
You know and then only where you live now they just doesn't matter. They just
go
They know how to deal with it
at.
All right. Well, I think we're about at our time.
You,
too.
It was nice to meet you, too.
Or
Thank
you.
Same to you. All right,
bye bye.