All right. Okay. Follow. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Mhm. No tell me. Oh wow. Mhm. Yeah wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Yeah I'll be a lot of people. Mhm. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Ready Not for me. Okay. Yeah you can't have a video. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. From the United Nations. Okay. Okay. Yeah I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. The apartment building? Yeah. Well he has an appreciation and understanding. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi
I'm good. How are you doing?
That's good. Um Where are you from?
Oh that's cool.
I live
in
challenges.
Um It's actually surprisingly really nice right now. It's the weather here is very finicky. Like we had snow in early early october that like a bad snowstorm but since then it's
been really nice so I've been enjoying it. How
about how about their what's the weather like there?
that's nice.
That's good. Yeah. My pumpkins froze like 2nd week of October so it was crazy. Um What do you do for a living?
Oh, that's cool. So do you get a lot of interaction with the students there?
me too. Me too.
I'm a special education tutors. So I
was
working one on one, you know where with clients, but because most of my clients and myself also are at risk, um I've been working from home doing like telecommunication sessions, uh not
making nowhere, you know, definitely took a pay cut, but you gotta do what you gotta do to keep everybody safe, you know?
I had to.
Well, because a lot of my clients,
they can't sit in front of a computer and you know what I mean? It's not the same as an in person interaction with the kind with most of my clients. So I had to unfortunately let some of them go, which was really
not only hard for me, but they also get into a
routine and a lot of them were expect a routine and live on a routine. So it also affected them and then I also have to worry, well how is it going to affect them when I can come back? You know how
they're
gonna
accept
that saying as they might
feel
like
I abandoned
them. So
yeah. And then I have four kids at home. So
Yeah, I have a
17 year old, 15 year old, 13 year old and a surprise two year old.
yeah. Oh yeah. Do you have any kids?
Oh, good ages, good age is fun.
They are, Every age has its perks and its downfalls,
you know, that's just how
it is
and it doesn't change when you become, it's not like 18 and banned all those down. You know just no one has to deal with them as much I guess. Sure. So are you preparing for the holiday season or how are you
taking
that in?
I
I put my tree up and put the decorations on it like a week ago which is way earlier than I normally do. But
at home
it's like who doesn't want to look at a pretty christmas tree? You know we're here anyway, not like I'm doing much. So you know it is nice to be able to find things like this to be able to like compensate some of my income that I lost. So it's nice to be able to meet new people whether that's something that you really don't get to do anymore, you
know?
Yeah and then even when you're out, it's not like you want to stop and have a conversation with someone that you don't know. Like one of my biggest fears is me ending up catching it and then spreading it and not knowing it, you
know, it's like even when I'm out, I don't want to like stop and have a conversation. Someone where you have to like pull your mask down or anything, so I don't, I don't know how people are, where you are, but out here, it's Probably about a 5050 give on if people wear masks are not out here in public. So our cases have gone up like horribly bad in the last couple of weeks and our hospitals are at capacity now, so it's scary now. We really lucked
out
in
the problem.
See that's good. I don't know what it is out here and I'm not confrontational. I'm not one of those people who is going to be like, why aren't you wearing, you know, or whatever. I just go on about my day. But sometimes I've noticed in the store just not even sometimes one time
I was
in the store with my husband and there was another couple kind of like trying to go for the same things we were and they weren't wearing a mask and I almost felt like the guy was trying to be like, he was like, what's wrong? Is there something on my face? And I felt like
he was trying
to be confrontation on me and I
was just
like, no,
I just want the milk face. Like I know I'm not, yeah, I don't, I don't understand why and I'm not getting into it. It's not political to me, it's, you know, just keeping everyone safe so I don't understand it. I'm glad that in other places it's a lot better. That's good to hear.
that's good. I don't understand
why people aren't I don't understand how it even became political. I just don't even understand it. But
you
know.
Yeah. Yeah. You can teach their own, you can't you know, I'm not gonna argue with him X
for sure.
So just
keep my
distance.
I guess it's surprising to me. I was just talking to my sister in law earlier today. Like how quick this year seemed to go considering how much time I spent sitting in my house not doing literally anything at all. And it still I seems to have flu and I can't believe it's almost over. So
But
I didn't meet today actually that they are going to start sending out vaccine at the end of December two.
Of
course it's going to be to medical professionals first and then older people first, which of course is good, you know, especially for medical personnel, I'm surprisingly haven't seen such like or heard of a lot of health care providers getting really sick or you know because they probably
are most can can you know most in contact
with it.
I mean everywhere everywhere in the United States
at least. But we got real lucky in the beginning like I've been scared of it since it started just because it's scary. It's
almost like a movie monster like you can't see it but you know it could be there you know, it's like you
just it's scary that you could just wake up one day and I have bad asthma already. So to me it's like could it be a death sentence you know? And that's scary. So just keep my distance. Just been staying away from everybody.
Oh that's good to hear.
That's cool.
It's cool. I definitely have to look into that. Have to order
some off amazon
I was gonna say I think I've seen like their orange, they shaped like oranges and everything.
I think
that's
the number four.
That's good. What you can, you know? All
Oh for sure you can tell because some people can be asymptomatic and not even know they have it. And then you know, you've got the other end of the spectrum where people are literally dying, you know and not even being able to say goodbye to their families. Like that's just so sad in a day in the day and age we are now, you know.
That is actually
that
I am so sorry to hear that.
No I have a chihuahua was literally laying
next to me so and screwed always barking
time.
No that's right where my little square is, What kind of dog is he?
Oh that's cool. I wish I could see him. Mhm.
I have this little lady. Alright come here, this is my little I will this is peter short
for pain. Short for pain in the ass. She's
he's super timid. She's like six or seven but we got her like two years ago and she's like super super timid but she does bark that stuff. We just actually
just recently tried to bark collar but it won't for her because she's timid like it would first off it would go off this randomly like I have kids I don't know why this happened and it would go off was from the T. V. Volume and she didn't understand what it was. So she would just be like walking around with her tail between her legs like I mean it's so understand. Yeah so that that didn't that didn't help the only part I don't really mind if she barks except when I'm trying to get my two year old to sleep. You know it's like or if I've got her to sleep but you know how long have you had your dog?
Yeah probably good for morale you know especially
for your kids and stuff.
I definitely feel for teenagers like this is something that I was a teenager would be really hard to understand and not be selfish because just as a teenager you know you're usually just you don't really think about the overall you know you just kind of stuck in your own world and I just I just see it with my kids and other kids, like how, like it would be so hard to go through that as a teenager and you're you've just got establishing relationships and how to communicate and things like that and then have kind of like this, put on pause that none of us even know how to explain to to any of, you know, it's like, we don't know because we've never been through this either.
Chicken. Yeah, I must really suck. I think as an adult, like for once I got older it's like, I could care less, not that I could care less, but you know, I'm kind of a home body, I can sit at home all we can be fine,
you know,
I'm good, I am, I'm my own best friend, but you know, as a teenager, like, so being social is like almost part of your
mental
health, you know, not to say it's not as an adult, I think I just make that excuse so I don't have to be social. Okay.
No.
they don't even do they, It's nice that they have the option there to be
able
to
please
because here it's gone back and forth. Um they were like mandatory going to reopen the school um in the beginning of november, like the first week in november and then that's when our cases started going up and
people literally had to go to town hall and be like, you know, you can't send our kids back into this. Like they're not, there's of course you're going to have a percentage that are gonna be responsible, but you're probably going to have a bigger percentage that they're not being jerks or anything. They just are young, you know?
Yeah. And it's like, it's not even just the students, it's once those students go to school and then they go back
home and then those people go to work with, like how big does it get, you know? But luckily they did decide to stay with online schools, but they're only doing that for high school and middle aged school students. Elementary
school students are required
to go to in person school year.
To me. That's crazy because that's probably like the most jeremy people out there, you know, getting a five
year old
of water
after they go, the bathroom is hard enough, you know? Not just
Like I mean I was two year old, she's a little younger, but she don't wear one at all. I mean she's to she's not going to wear
it.
Yeah, so I don't see how they can get five year olds who just like to touch each other and like to touch everything. I just don't explain. Hello?
nice to meet you.
My older two are here, my young my baby's sleeping and my husband just came in here. That's why he just got off work. So luckily he did not lose his job and he works
in the airline industry and the manufacturing side of it. So it's been real touch and go here uh the Boeing factories out here and they like they laid off like 80% of their staff and that's like They employ probably a good 10,000 people out here, you know at that factory and all the other parts of it. And they they let go of like 80,000 people and two or three times they've done like a string of layoffs at my husband's job and
bite me every time they just did one like two weeks ago and luckily he's made it through every time
restoring
them.
Yeah and especially since all the stuff
they were doing to help people out in the beginning it's kind of like we're that we're not
helping now go to this windows closed playing. I don't you know that's real scary. Like if you were just stuck on unemployment now how
would you you
know in
our.
I mean if you've gotten this far hopefully because I did I just read this morning that I read yesterday the day before that one vaccine was 90% um
affective. And then like the next day they came out with another one that was 94 effective. And then I just read this morning that
they're going to start shipping them out the end of december and that that end of the pandemic is in sight. It's still a good 8 to 10 months away.
But the fact that we even have an end date or close to one, it's nice to know, you know, because even though like hearing oh, 10 more months, That's scary. I'd rather know, hey,
it's 10 more months and
then, you know, we're going to be close to getting back to normal than just an indefinite, I don't know,
you know?
Yeah. Well, so I've got This all made me really interested in the pandemic of 19. I remember now, I can't remember if it's 1912 or 1918, but I looked into it and surprisingly enough that pandemic became very political to like people didn't want to wear their masks for political reasons, I was like, oh it's not just us, we've always been stupid and ever okay, right now. Um but it kind it lasted like years. Years.
Yeah, I can't remember. I want to say it was like six or 8. And so in my head I've been like preparing for the worst. Like this could be uh not knowing exactly what's going to happen and just up and down
waves of it will go away but not completely and then it comes back like it is now. But so to hear that they already have A vaccine, they're getting ready to send out that's 1994% affected. That's that's really uplift me.
Mhm,
No, I'm like so shocked to hear that. That's really interesting.
That's why she
had to be.
I mean, but hey, people lived that she would have been right around 100 now and people live to that age regular regularly, but you know, why not? It's definitely possible regular. So that's cool. That sad to hear that you know that she passed away but obviously she probably lived through a lot of really cool things because that's
surely
you like the like you know segregation and you know like women's rights and suffrage and stuff like that. That it's really cool.
I mean my first tv was one of those that was built into like the wooden cabinet with the, to not add like three things you could click to and now you can literally turn on your tv and go to different apps and finally endless amounts
of things to watch. Like you could never run out. So it's definitely definitely like I always like, I think it's really cool that
I was
old enough that I only the first Nintendo and played with it when it was, I don't know if it was Brandon, but I was born in 85 and we had one when I was little little and like, you
know, it's just like and how you look at video games now, it's like it's cool to be able to be like. But I was around when the first came out.
I've heard of it, but I I think I'm a little too young for that. Yeah.
Probably the coolest thing ever then, you
know,
could you imagine if somebody time work you a PS five then like every one of things you can do
thank
you.
Even
though it was a horrible beginning of the year
I elected and with the vaccine coming out I'm hoping it's going to be a good end of the year overall. Islam.
Like I said, I'm a home body. Like I, I overall would prefer to be at home in my comfy clothes, you know, and not even have to make use of why I don't want to go to your mary Kay party or you know, like,
no, I'm sorry, coronavirus. Like no.
Yeah. I didn't even want to go to thanksgiving with the family honey. Oh, sorry.
Just corn differently this year.
I'm
not even lying to them. I
just
don't
what
I mean. Some of our other family is meeting with their families. I just think I just, I think I'm, I'm the only one that really has like
a severe health issue besides my husband, husband had like open heart surgeries before he
was even. So besides us, they're all relatively like in regular health. So I mean to each
their
own just
enjoy
their holiday too, you know?
it's a crazy year.
What really has, So are your kids, do they get to still do extracurriculars or how does that work
work in there?
Uh They normally do, but they both decided not to do them this year and I was just like, I'm fine with that because of everything going on. I don't want to put stuff that you might never see again and you know, um but my sister in law, my my nephew, he's still, he does basketball and football for like leaks and they didn't shut down at all. They even are still going like conferences
in other states, which that's, it's crazy that they haven't shut it down or at least limited
it, but you know.
Eight years.
Yeah, you're
definitely
six ft away from anyone, you know? And like you said, you're not even touching the ball really, you're using so
well that's being really proactive, so
I mean there is, I feel like there's no right or wrong answer to anything, especially with
the kids involved because they're just kids and they still need to have some kind of social
something.
No.
at at our age I
think
it's easier to accept and to fall than
it would be as by than it is as a teenager, like, you know? Yeah, I think my kids probably almost want to rebel and you kind of almost like I understand at this point, you know, it's been a year, but you gotta do what you gotta do, you know? Yeah.
No,
no.
Well,
I mean
they have both of them have different dads so they can go to their dad's house, so that makes it easier.
but I think they probably go there just because he probably is more lenient than I am
with like letting like I'm scared and I know you can't go out and hang
out with your friends right now. No I'm sorry. You know you can zoom call them but and I don't he's he does he's more political about the mass situation so you know
Oh we both lived they go they
can come and go 1517. They can past that when we were younger. Used to split it. But
but now it's just like if you want to be there go there if you want to be be here.
so it's right I mean right now like I said I think they like spending more time there because he probably let's him out more and
yeah and as long as they're happy and they're safe you know that's what matters. So
I don't want you sitting here miserable either.
Thank, go, go ahead. You know, if you get sick you're quarantining over there
and
yeah, that's how we worked it out.
Yeah. Have your kids tried like using, they're like telecommunications like zoom or anything to communicate with their friends more?
When this first started I thought like, oh well they have a lot more for them. Like, you know, being able to get in groups and talk to each other and the computers. I thought, well, you know, shouldn't be back that they have so much. They, but it really is very limiting. So
Oh no, definitely not, definitely not. So
your weather looks just like mine.
Yeah. I think we're I
would say we're probably right around the high eight or high sixties, so we're probably like right
around
my mother.
Oh, me too. I'm four ft nine, so You get two ft of snow on the ground after I'm gone. So I am definitely okay. I'm from Virginia. Like
literally grew up three blocks from the Snow. Wasnn't we ever even dealt with, I was born in Massachusetts so and would visit my dad in the wintertime sometimes. So I did have a regional experiences with snow. I moved to camp for the first time in 2009 and a week after I moved here in September it got a full on ice storm. So you know, whatever that is here, we have like extremely,
extremely hot summers like into the 100 ten's and like that and then have extremely, extremely cold winters and I just don't feel like that there should only have to have one or the other. Okay.
Yeah. It definitely makes me realize that global warming is a thing for sure because we definitely don't see as much snow here is the first when we first lived here because we lived here for a
couple of years. I lived here from 2004 until 2009 in a really small town And then I moved back to Virginia because that's where the rest of my family is and then we moved back here in 2018. So
this is where my husband is. Um The weather here is crazy
though, it's we don't ever actually the last couple of years we were there in Virginia, it snowed a couple times like maybe like four or five days all together.
So.
No it's like that's like
the enjoy the snow you want, right? You're like oh I can see all year, give me one strong
form,
We're felt three days later and we're good.
The only thing bad about it is because it doesn't normally snow there, they're not prepared for it. So they have like no plows or anything, so if you
get
everything you get like an inch of snow on the ground and they don't do so they can't school because you know, they can't run school buses on it, so it's like up the whole city shut down, we got some flurries,
never,
nope school shut down for snow, that's not a thing out here. Uh huh.
Yeah, but they still don't plow and stuff out here very often, like the last time it just snowed,
they didn't really do much plowing so who knows,
yep, we are, I gotta go and start dinner, so
it
was really nice to meet you
and I hope you have a healthy and
happy holidays and a good
new
year as well.
back