but how are you?
Oh, you know, I, I usually log in right on the time.
Well, in the beginning I accidentally clicked, you know like that, but you're not supposed to click And I was like, oh no, like the uh hell link on the bottom.
No, I've actually done it three times already. Yeah.
But
no,
it was, I enjoy it. I think it's kind of, I mean, I know they say don't talk with no roots, but I mean, I mean,
oh, I did.
Well, I don't know. I see you. Yeah,
I won't
matt.
No, I, I am on a map, but I mean, I don't know why I wouldn't. I mean the last people I talked to,
I mean there's Symptons. No problem.
Look,
I don't know what I mean. And there's nothing really to click on here.
For sure. Yeah. I don't know boy.
And I guess I can forget about myself. I mean I live in Georgia um, I'd finish school. I mean that's probably a question. You're I'm quite young. I just graduated in May with my Master's in accounting.
so that's a little bit about me, but uh
I have some cousins up in michigan, I don't know exactly where they live, but
no,
it's kind of interesting. Well it happened right in the middle of my last semester with school, which was wonderful. I was working part time with a technology company as a staff or as an accounting assistant. And so normally going
into the office three days and I work from home to burn war. But now they accepted me on full time as of May. So now I've been
I do.
No,
no, no. So, but yeah, I know I'm I I did start going in and and once or twice a week just out of boredom to see some people's faces, But I think I'm gonna narrow down now to like once every other week, because somebody did get COVID-19 and they did all this and I'm like, and I haven't gone and I prefer
not to get it, so.
I I saw that on the news that they were thinking it started last year.
All
for my home.
That's
good.
I graduated from Kennesaw State University. It's a 30 minutes from the land of the capital. So what
rather than the suburbs?
23?
I took the fast track. I did a one year accelerated program and they were going to not work. But I worked. Yeah,
it was it was very challenging because I had school uh on monday Wednesdays, it was from 9 to 4. Now we go straight to work to like
six or 7, And then on Tuesday it was half a day from 9 to 12. So I even worked on monday Wednesdays, like two or three hours and then the other days for half a day's.
Well one thing I wanted to do was definitely get my masters, but I was debating if I wanted to live in accounting or if I wanted to do business administer was done because I look regretting for that. But unfortunately the program wanted me to work five years before joining personally for me. I wanted just to go straight in and get out because otherwise I would never go back.
I
woke up at seven so I'm uh the
person,
they can, although I'm stopping
look as well at school,
I don't
know.
I think I realized
that this property for like four hours, it's so long.
No, it will ignite, but it's terrible.
No,
Because of four hours
you have your first class, then you have a 30 minutes for lunch and then you go to your next class.
Unfortunately. I mean I'm going to be in some other things, some rules or logics based on other topics. Like a lot of like depreciation
appointment or something, but
like not even by a computer, you don't want to take like the full cost for a month. So what we spread it out for the life of the computer. So normally computer for three years. So in 2005 pop you divide three years by 12, a
long time. And if you are in the books
I think I did I did get a raise which was nice and my company and of course they look fantastic on a resume to have the masters
maybe more profitable. So I definitely wanted
to get my masters,
you
know?
Not
about it, but everyone uh there's just so much composition, accounting, there's so many accounting firms already out there. But I mean I I actually really enjoy working. I have a great boss, she just is always teaching me, I'm always learning which is great. Mark in school,
I know we have 25 minutes together.
I
know
it does. I am the last price as and I spoke to, she was a chef in new york, so that was really mean
a chef in new york and also I'm not playing out because you know new york is super bad right now with Covid. So.
Well it was interesting because she was saying that a lot of the restaurants are closed, so right now she's just at home teach homeschooling her two kids at the moment but she's hoping to start working again soon. But of course, I mean a restaurant closed, they're closed.
Some are open here.
Some are but not all of them. It's mostly take out some slowly did open to sign in and they put up the tables and everything.
Georgia.
It's not super bad. Um I know everyone's wearing masks when they go in. Everybody's special distancing. Everything requires you to Miramax now because they made it real for Atlanta. But I mean it's not super that I still I don't really go out besides Publix. I did go to Michael's yesterday morning almost crafting. So
I wish Mark too.
Well, I don't know like I get it to where it I mean I'm not too fond of it, but I do wear it because I don't want to get Covid and like help on it.
No,
I
don't know. I
just got a lot on the news that younger people don't wear it personally wear it. I don't want Covid,
I don't
know who have an eight year old grandmother living with me. She's in the basement out of my parents to um, we're all in one house and if one person catches, you know, catches like wildfire were over.
Hello?
I would
definitely,
I can
put
everything.
no,
I'm
saying so I can't do everything. Can you come in now?
I've been thinking, is that maybe the headsets? I don't know, are you can hear me now?
I
would go,
No. Although everybody I went to school with this married and some are even have kids already, which I'm shocked. Yeah.
This generation, I don't know. I mean, I'm not dating anybody,
but
I know I always focus on school. I wanted to get my education and then,
Well,
Someone in school, But then you know how this is like let's study and then he comes over and then you're really studying. I've been working for me my dozen tomorrow.
I love watching movies. So that's one thing I make a mandatory family movie night every night. Yeah,
I said with the parents in the bedroom and then I played movies on netflix or HBO or whatever.
my
God. Yesterday the movie the Sleepover is super good. That
is
on netflix.
it's about it's crazy. Um So it's about these parents have two kids, 1 is a 16 ish, And then another one around 6. And then uh and the little boy has another boy come over for a sleepover. And then the other girl has a party that she wants us to take out too. So her friend here and they were
suffering
a point outside. Well meanwhile one kid goes to the bathroom and watches these parents get kidnapped. Well, it turns out the mom is the witness protection program and of course you can't tell anybody. Well she has this one more. She used to be a thief back in the day but she got I guess immunity. And then so we end up going through this whole craziness to try and steal one last thing and
then the kids try and find the mother and go through all these clues and it ends up being fantastic.
Yes. The sleepover.
No, I didn't know them.
I don't
know like uh surprising movies but another good one. I don't know if you have amazon Prime.
I can't
Okay, let me get my phone. I can't remember if this one's called. I'm still here. I'm just
okay so let me hear my phone here. I can remember it's called The Supply or My Spy but that one is fantastic as well. It looks like a love story and also like a spy movie at the same time. Super
can
you?
All right. It is this huge cry with tattoos. I don't know its name. Oh here it is. Dave bautista.
I
have it but part of it.
My Spy. Super
good. Love it.
Yes, very good. I love it.
he ends up on this little girl and mom and the girl ends up catching him and then so he ended up spending every day with her with him and then you want to fall in love with the mom and it's just super cure.
I know, I love like action comedy
sometimes I'll put like in love with your mom to like settle in between the action. We gotta go when the parents
I've heard of that mm
at least everyone's saying that
In
the
Fantasy
Island.
It just oh no
the Fantasy Island. I just I watched the Kill and I looked a little iffy. I don't know, it really sparks
if
you're
Oh yeah I have another good one. So this one is an old movie, it's from 1999, it's called the out of towners.
So
that was really good. It has um you remember the pink panther? It has that like funny old
guy in it
okay I remember his name
who's
you know and then it has another girl, I can't remember her name but she's blind but she was really famous but both of them are in there and it's so fun to put in new york for this job interview and they go through all the craziness in new york like someone feels their wallet, then they bathroom in a park and then and all of a sudden there in the middle
show and all these lights flash on them, it's just so funny.
I see.
No. Yes.
Mhm. I think I've heard of that. Let me see, you good fellows.
Is that right
now?
43 now? Listen, as far as 1990 film.
Mhm. I've seen
although we don't know what that we try and find a common ground for mom and dad.
I do. I have a 80's uh topping it, me in my car and then I also have a Jonas brothers sitting in my car. What?
Let's see from the 80s and so we have of course um Oh let's see, I listened to alright because we we usually play that while we clean the house on Saturdays but you know how many Lauper or it has? Um
current ones? Uh bon Jovi what quit mean? I'm trying to think of that. Learning what? That don't stop believing. Song Who? Tebowing like him.
Turner. Of course
possibly. I'm horrible at names. I say the cure. Yeah, that sounds familiar.
I heard God listen to what happened
possibly. I'm horrible. And policy we're going to make a splash. Oh, I probably did what we put on
music
52 years I don't think. Well
all
rock lobster. What is that?
my gosh. Running Eliza dirty water.
Yeah. Oh my gosh to bring good. Oh, I don't know if you're into some crazy action but. Desperadoes, I think your wife would like that one.
Let me see. That was super funny. It's about these this one girl sends her boyfriend uh this huge email of dumpy Campbell ends up he got uh sick and uh Mexico. So these three women's blind Mexico to delete the email.
it's
But
of course it's yes it's on netflix. This one is uh the cast is magazine pedra in a camp and the morn Morris and I'm probably
mispronouncing his name's
it can come from here.
What?
It's nice meeting you?
Yes, thank you. Well I mean you're done with yours but
yeah I did as well.
What's your day?