it's okay now. No, I thought for a second like I am I going to do, but now I know what I'm gonna do. I don't know. What do you think? What would be your approach? Right? Like if I had all days then hang your son. Mhm. I mean, I way to say also that the contact way, right? Yeah. What night go? I mean there's like there's no way you
could like
practice.
Mhm. Right. Yeah. And it's not just,
I can also
be like questions. Mm Yeah. Right.
Say right, mm. Can I call you back about it? Actually? I have something right now because I thought we were going to start to learn to all 30 so, so okay. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, because the only thing I was gonna say is like there's no point in hiding it. You should just be like, all right. Well, I've heard some things I just want to know what your side of it is. Um Because if you, if you go super aggressive, he's just gonna, you know, backed himself into a corner and then
so yeah, I
don't know. I mean, I mean, you just painted as simple as like, you know, some of the people are uncomfortable because of rumours and like, that's just not something we can risk right now. Okay. Perfect. That's the right question. That's what I want to do. Mm hmm. All right. Bye please. All
right. Sorry about that. My boss called me like two minutes before this and I was like, I'm like,
the last the
last like seven times I've done this. Like nobody showed up. So I was like, oh yeah, halftime. So yeah, I'm sorry about that. Sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm zack nice to meet U. K.
Where you were calling from.
I'm also in Jersey. Have you been in Philly recently? Because I heard it's like crazy.
Mhm. Oh like everything is like like closed closed.
I don't
know
Oh interesting. Like the boarding up but that's that's because of covid stuff for, that's because of the like celebration.
I'm like North Jersey, it's like half an hour west of new york city.
I figured that he says. Yeah
like I I'm sorry God that's why God I drafted you like eight times already.
Like collectible stuff or
like
anything
I uh
hobby, I mean uh you know that's fairly collecting but like as far as like quarantine stuff, like I started playing piano a lot more, so that's interesting three
times. So like
yeah, what about
you?
It's I'm like pretty stupid and stubborn. So like, I don't know how to read sheet music. I just like watch a video on Youtube and like, oh, that sounds like something like play it like that person. So it's
very
well.
All
Right. Did you did you have to play like recorders in middle school?
Yeah, I was like, I guess it was like a pretty common things, but I was like, I wonder if it's anybody's professional recorder player goes to Carnegie hall in place to record or something.
And
uh what are what are their crimes to be a good triangle player like
And
good big reviews like. Mhm.
Some weird things. So whatever you what did you play when you were in your concerts?
Hey?
No, I mean, cause you do you have a really good like can you play stuff by year? Can you hear a song and be like all right. It should go like this is this and then play it that way.
Yeah.
People are. Yeah. I mean I had one before, so actually the reason I started um was that where I used to work had it was it was in a temple and I have an old upright piano. So I was like, oh I like kind of know how to play. And then I had like I worked as a a fencing coach, so like in between, right?
So like classes, I would like have time and I was like well like I don't want to work out because I'm lazy so just like I'll play piano. And then they destroyed it one day. And then I like to keep or brought my keyboard. I just kept playing
and
they were like, oh we need the space. Um And so the guy like couldn't move it. She was like, well just sledgehammer into pieces. And I was like no. And then the guy, the guy, the guy who did it with one, he was like, man, it's actually really sad about this oh Alex mesh message bush was like, you could have moved it like two ft into into our room and kept
finger.
Yeah. I'd say it's like super duper expensive and it's like, it's super hard for like if you're not in like high school to like kind of just get into it. There's not a lot of people do it casually. Um So it's like, I don't know, it's like it's like it's very like, I don't know like I do it at kind of like the higher level. So like back pre covid I would like travel like somewhere in the world like every month for for a World Cup either like
coaching, refereeing and so simple.
It's different, it's different. It's not very practical in real life for anything else, but it's
definitely different.
Yeah, I mean both. Yeah. Yeah, like equipment for sure is like crazy expensive like um It's like Maybe like $700 to get like, you know, equipment just for, you know, practice stuff,
tournament stuff plus then there's like tournament fees, there's like you said to travel the hotel, is there?
Sorry?
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah.
that's a good idea.
I don't know like the problem is that, so I did it in high school and
then like went like, oh I stuck at this, Let me do hard course. I went like right from, you know, doing nothing to doing six days a week. So like it was a really big investment. Whereas like, like you and your friend brother just casually like once a week or something like that. Um So
I
yeah, I was like, man, I suck at this, I want to not suck at this. Uh I mean let me try it. Yeah. Um I don't know. I guess I'd say like for sure like you can definitely try it but your friends because it's like it's very like it's a really heavy learning curve. I'm like, you know, depending on who teaches it, like, you know, they might not even let you like, they should let you actually like put on stuff like hit each other because that's like the fun part of it. But like depending on who runs it, they might be like, oh no, like that, that's you know, you have to learn all the basics first to get up to that point before you can come on.
No,
no, no, that's why so expensive. You have so many layers on. So I have, I have a cloth thing on my, just my shoulder, I have a cloth jacket, I have a metal jacket, I've
like nancy. It's a lot of layers, which I sweat a lot when I do it. Just like very good. Yeah, I mean what about what about archery? Have you tried that?
Just
that makes sense,
right, right, right, right. And I feel like like roller skates and skates to its like and you can't just really buy used ones also because I feel like your feet are like, I don't know, they're like your feet are always kind of unique, so you need to find one that this is your feet exactly, or else you're gonna hurt yourself every time you go and then if you want to do it again.
right, right, right. And then who knows
if you want to do it again in spring, what is finally warm enough to do?
Mhm. I mean did you
did you dress up this year for Halloween?
We're
all cool with the mask. Okay,
I mean, so I I asked I guess like I I really like dressing up for Halloween. I'm really shitty at it. But like I like I love seeing people's creative costumes. Like my favorite part is just walking around and seeing people's like creativity. Um I was kind of sad that we couldn't do that this year. Um like last year I was like wally um
Pixar movie. Yeah, a few years back. I was I was the house from up so that's a little like diorama had bullying is coming out the back, so it's like I like like creative stuff like that, like it looks like shit because I'm not artistic, but like I like the idea of doing it.
All
thank you.
Yeah, I don't have a lot of pictures, but
As
like always like two days before I'm like oh I need a costume and want to do this. So it's just throwing
together
what
I like sort of the non main characters because I feel like, you know, a lot of people could be, you know, whatever, whatever. I forget the old man or like the kid from from Wally, but I feel like nobody's going to be the house, but people would recognize it. So I like this sort of like, you know, you have to see it, get it kind of thing.
Like, did
you
ever see the movie? Ace ventura?
Okay. Um So there's there's there was some guy who just like him, but there's one scene where he's like trying to pretend to get into an insane asylum, so has like army boots, like a pink tutu, like Hawaiian like vest on. So somebody like that for Halloween. And I like that because I was like, oh, only if you've seen the movie, like would you get this? And it was like, it was hilarious to me, you know, nobody else would know, but like that sort of thing is like,
No.
you were right. Right,
Right, Right, Right. Especially like putting all that effort into that and not have it really be rewarded. Right.
I had a had a party where it was like under the sea themed and so the girl that I went with, she like hand sewed a, it was like, she had like a black skirt and she like, so like some sort of shiny things, it was like scales into it, so it looked like like the sales when she spun around and then she also
made a little
shell necklace. So the skirt took her like three hours to make, and the Nicholas took like five minutes and everybody complimented the necklace and she was like, why did I even bother Silver
Referee?
It was like, it was like a sand dollar and like some shells and she just wrapped wire like around it and through it and just like me, a little choker kind of thing with it.
And nobody, nobody knows.
Mm
Yeah, she's like, why did I bother?
I know in theory, um the only time I've tried it feels horribly so. No
for hands.
Um I guess she must have known how to do it by hand because like it was well done, it was just like very time consuming. Um Yeah.
it's like, and I wish I could so better because like, you know, I like, I like I like doing creative costumes. Like I'm so shitty at making them so like that would make it easier if I could so questions
as
it
is.
Um I mean this this year for Halloween, I wanted to like I didn't have doing because it wasn't worth it if I wasn't going to go out, but I wanted to be the kool Aid man. It was
like
yeah, it was like, I don't really know how to do it bill. Like I'll figure out a way just like wire and like saran wrap or something. I don't know, something like that. Um
like
I don't know. It's just like I like, like I said, just like off character, like people would recognize it, but it would be like, yeah. You know, this is a common character that everybody would be. Yeah.
Give me a
quarter. Right. Sorry, God.
We are out of the story boss.
Also say like, yeah, it'd be cool. Like I also like creative group costumes and be cool to like have like two of their friends and do like snap crackle and pop from the rice Krispies. Because like,
I don't think
like, I don't know if anybody would recognize him though, but just be like once somebody does like
Right. Right. Right, Right.
Yeah.
Two
phillips
phillips. Yeah. You
can't.
Yeah.
One year
um like you're watching Nickelodeon growing up.
Because like my friends and I one year we did like Nickelodeon characters. So like one was Rocco from Rocco's modern life, one was from invader Zim and I was from uh fairly odd parents. So that was our
group
costumes. It weren't like directly related, but we have the general theme together at least,
Um And even when I was a kid I did like stupid, like ridiculous costumes and nobody would get um like did you ever read the animals growing up?
Really not? Yeah, nobody has like I've yet to meet somebody who has read them, but it's like um
and
Oh yeah, it's not a movie, just like a teenage like preteen book um from like 20 years ago, but it's like these kids find this thing and it lets them turn into animals if they touch the animals, but they have like an alien that like that like that that had the power originally and the alien like was blue had like four hooves and a tail with a site on it and like like stock. I so like I made that costume and I was like someone
is nobody got it. Nobody had any idea. Nobody even read animals. Right.
I am called that
effort
and
my gosh.
My
little
Tony him.
All
Why?
john
Think think think
no. Uh huh.
Mhm
Three.
So like the my job is like it starts after school so it's 3 30. I starts at 3 30 to 10. So I have very wonky working hours. So uh that's what happened to look forward to. But I was like I said my boss just called me like right as it started. So talk about apparently my my coworker is getting fired inside to coach coach him through how to tell him so
yeah, because he's like, is the co workers like really good friends with me? And so he's like, how should I phrase this delicately? So it's not like super.
Mm I don't know. We'll see. Yeah, it's excitement. I've been dealing with no one here.
Oh yeah, that will help. That'll be improvement. Yeah.
A lot of things on the to do list.
Yeah. Thank you.