You can.
Company.
True.
I wonder. Yeah. Oh
no,
Mhm.
No
music.
hi.
It's
All
Okay. But I'm k what's your name?
This music?
I'm from the I'm from philadelphia but I'm calling from New Jersey. So I live in New Jersey now. How about you?
I I've been in Philly maybe on Halloween. I went as Halloween. Not not for any like festivities, but we wanted pizza. So um it's not it's everything's boarded up but it's not like to my eyes it's not crazy. You know it could be it can always so I'm glad that it's not but everything's really boarded up and a lot of shops are gone.
A lot of them are like they're
trying
to pick up but it just looks run down like the I. N. Shops like, you know like around center city and everything that it used to be really nice and now it's everything just looks terrible because they have to board everything up.
The creative people looting like, yeah, it's not because of Covid. I mean, I don't know, everything's all kind of mushed together. You know, like it's a whole bunch of stuff that it's like all combined. What part of Jersey do you live in?
Okay. Yeah, that's really far from me. Like it's really far. I'm in South Jersey, so I live 20 minutes from Philly. Yeah.
Um
You gonna ask if you, if you collected anything, Yeah.
Anything
like,
what's
your what's your thing
morning?
That's pretty cool.
Is
it hard?
I don't know how to do that. But I kind of like I went to a music school and did not know how to read music the entire time. We had music theory, concert band. Like this whole entire like the our entire curriculum was music and then like school was like a side thing and I got into concert band not knowing how to read music. I
would just
memorize. I know I
would have faked whoa. Each just move my finger so I understand not reading sheet music.
I didn't I never I had one as a toy you know, but I never made as like actual instrument. Did you?
I've never heard of that. But I know you can be a triangle player like
that's needed in high school.
I
don't know there's a triangle player, symbols, xylophones. I was like this is the weirdest band. I mean shit.
what's like what's going on?
Um I played violin for a few years and then I played um saxophone and I have a keyboard. I had piano class, I just did not retain anything, we would learn to back and she'll be like okay you guys can go and be like what am I supposed to
do, go do what? It just wasn't sticking. Like I'm not a musical, I like musicals, like the whole school was like everyone these musicals were the grand finale of everything with the whole music school and I just wasn't meant to be there.
Mhm. In theory, but I can get like I can be like oh I can try that and after a bunch of tries it can sound somewhat like it, but I just don't Yeah,
no sure answer is I cannot like did you buy a piano or did you buy a keyboard or you?
go ahead, I'm sorry. Yeah.
What?
Why would they destroy it?
What? Oh my gosh, but wait a second. This fencing thing, I have wanted to be fencing and archery, like that type of stuff
and there's a fencing place but you know covid so I can't really do that, but it's like what is it like tell me I was looking up like starter kids because I don't know what to buy first.
No
you're like really cool. And then
that's
the bathroom, that's how what makes it expensive? Is it the equipment or is it like traveling?
No
And
racks up ass. Okay,
so like if I wanted to start classes, I there's a place and it's a dance school but they have votes for um fencing teachers and like like teachers, they have different like um sub things under um dancing, what's a good starting cost? Like if I found a friend to like take these classes with so I don't have to find another person,
would it be like what's a good range for classes? Like what did you pay when you were my name
cheap?
you
just have to head first.
Doesn't hurt, Does it actually
hurt?
2000?
I tried it one time I'm a girl scout volunteer so like I help with my sister and everything, I actually have to sew on like 30 patches after this. But I did that like at a campsite and I thought it was really cool but that's also a pretty big investment. It's less than that. It's
less than um because you can buy a crappy bow, you can buy with the fake ones. But I'd rather make an initial investment and then sell it later if I get tired of it instead of having ending up losing money because I need to buy some people.
Oh it's like The target alone was like $200, like just like a big, but when you think about it, you kind of have to replace that because it's going to be up so that it's the only thing, but then you need stands and you need And then the bow was about 250 and then you need the arrow. So it's like there's a lot for me not to know if I want to do it. I was like okay well what about roller skating? I don't know what quarantine did, but it opened up every possibility and I was like okay roller skating that seems pretty cool. But then the roller skates, it's hard to find the ones that you actually need, besides buying them for like $300 plus dollars and we don't know if I like it enough for that. So yeah I'm just trying to figure out whoa. And initial investment stuff. Then it's like If I wear these skates out I'm gonna end up losing that money because I have to buy higher quality one. So.
Yeah and then you kind of like there's no shops really open. Like I'm not willing to go roller skating in a rank where everyone's you know like it's so hard to stay away from people. You fall. Someone has to help you up. There's a j everyone's clothes. It's just like that's not smart but I feel like I can't buy the skates into like regular legal roller skating, you know you can use them outside but it's also getting cold slowly but it's getting cold so it's like well I waste this money because once it starts falling, what am I gonna do?
Well,
yeah, but then at that point my interest might change because I wasn't constantly feeding this one adam. No, I'm just like okay, let's get into cosplay. Everything is just super expensive, but it's worth it. Some stuff is worth
different.
Oh yeah, I did, we did money, heist characters on
my family.
we all did that. And then I'm planning on doing like maybe a lady Deadpool or um I do body painting. Okay. I feel like I'm talking about all different interests. I did a body paint of um demora from Guardians of the Galaxy. Yeah. Yeah. And that turned out okay, that was a few days ago. So what kind of, what other interests you do you have?
True.
I would love to see that. Do you have any pictures or anything? Because I've never seen like any time. I'm like, oh, what are you for Halloween there, like a bad bunny,
you know, like um Yeah, yeah, A witch, a ghost.
And I'm like, okay, like that's great. I would like to see it, but I've never heard someone say there were wally or the house from Up. That's great.
Oh my gosh, it's not idiots. Great.
What?
what
made you the house instead of the character? Like what goes to your brain like
when you try to pick what you're going to be?
that's right
that
way.
No, I haven't.
it's like it's it's meaningful, it gets more meaningful than just the cover photo. I think I'm kind of scared to do stuff like that, like I think that's really awesome that you can do it, but okay, so think about conventions and stuff like going out and I'm like, do I want to be? So I don't know if you watch different musicals? Um But Angel from rent, she has this one scene where um it's all she's wearing a santa suit and then it's like the dazzled and their zebra leggings. And the thing is she,
it's like hard to do it when no one understands the reference,
just look crazy where it's like, it's great when people get it. So I'm like, should receive that for broadway con should I not like I want to do it? I feel like I would feel uncomfortable with people not know anyone.
Yeah, it's like I get the house from up because most people have seen up, you know what you are like when there's like a random character like the person did where like, it's a random scene. It's like people do not get it and we'll just answer what are you questions all day and it will make you defeat it, but
Thank
you.
Yeah. Damn. That's
awesome. She made the necklace out of what? Like it was an actual shower like clay.
She put all her effort into the skirt and was like,
real question your quick for recognize ation. They were like, oh
that
do you know how to sell
with like by hand or machine? You failed.
Okay. So I thought that I would never ever touch a selling machine, like ever in my life and I was like, okay, I want to take a cooking class, but I ended up taking a fashion class and it was, this is not my thing, sweat pants, my things is not for me. And then I learned how to sew kind of kind of sort of. So my mom got me, she wanted me to show before. I did because I love that's so raven. And I was like, I don't want to do that though. And then it came in handy and I do not know how to sew clothes though. Like I don't understand following directions. Like following a pattern. I'm like, maybe I can make it without doing that. But Pride. So I should learn. But did your friend learn how to sew on a machine? Like what does she do?
I wish I could make clothes like, I feel like that's awesome. Like saving trips to the store. It's like harper from wizards. We really please. Mm
Yeah. What character do you want to do next?
Or
what
not character? What seem
That
would be cool.
How
the heck do you think of these? Like that one? Like what goes to your brain?
that would be cool. Or like I'm thinking like cereal characters, like Tony the Tiger or like, I've never seen that, or like being a cereal box of that. That would be pretty cool
dang.
I've never met someone like that. Was that out of the box, Like, literally out of the mind.
What were you gonna say?
That
would be cool.
I think, well this is what you have to do, you'd probably take the picture posted on like instagram first with like the caption and when, you know, but you have together like the whole night or like, people would have to see you initially together because I don't think you would put it on its own,
but that's a good idea. Or like the two can from uh
people know
not pretty purple pebbles on
fruit loops,
That
would be cool. Or like the Flintstones, I've seen that, That looks really good as a group costume. Yeah,
I
don't know anyone.
I was a Disney kid, but I did watch Nickelodeon at times. Like what are you going to mention?
that
one.
That's cool. How long have you been doing? How many years?
No.
Yeah, the animals,
what is it about? So I can like, because I'm current, I made a movie list that I need to watch, so.
that
But it's cool and you knew you knew you
so
you've
been like an original cost player, but like only on Halloween because some people were like, yeah, it's a costume, but this would easily fit into a convention because that's how strongly you feel about it. Do you ever hear of um this one, I don't know how I feel about it, but there's this convention called Brownie Gone and my friend
home, and I was like, what was that? She was like, it's all these men that are obsessed with
my
little
and he's like,
what does that? You know, you can hear something but like in with your own eyes, I'm like, I don't know if I'm mentally capable of handling that. Like, I don't know, like I'm a, I'm a mature person overall, but my maturity can instantly go down. I'm like, what is happening? And she was like, no, I went by myself and I was like, how
you are a woman going to bro, Nikon, So how do you understand if you went with a bro, like someone that likes that. But she went by herself. She was like, yeah, I made a bunch of friends in line and I was like, great, I definitely that existed. There's so many things that I'm just like, I think I lived under the rock. I'm
the epitome of Patrick star because I did not know that all of these different things existed. My world has been expanded.
Did you ever hear squish my loans?
this is one just how Halloween collection? No harder to find. Halloween collection. Months very hard. You can't find it. This is so cute. Okay.
They have all different shapes and stuff and they're the office like little egg shaped Stuffed Animals. So I recommend if you see one touch it. Yes, because we will never feel anything like it again. Yeah. Um,
what do you have to do for the rest of your day? Uh huh.
Your boss asked you?
Oh man. Well, I hope your friends okay, afterwards.
I hope your day gets so much better. I hope you feel this wish mellow,
right And I hope you learn how to sell. We're gonna learn how to sew.
Yes, but happy costume making and have a lovely day. Thank you so much.