I'm good thank
you.
No problem. I've done this before, have you?
It's
something.
for sure. Uh Yeah I I wrote down our start time. For sure and no problem at all. Where do you live? What's your name?
Christy? Nice to meet you paul.
That's
what
I want.
my favorite state. I grew up in California
so um central mostly like sunnyvale santa clara um Kind of near enough to the bay Area, had relatives there. Um
Oh yeah I love it. I just um I feel so badly when I watch the news because I know every single place that they're talking about and it's just heartbreaking to watch it. Uh Watch what's happening, whereabouts do you live in
California?
Okay. All right. I know. I used to live in um long poke for a while
went to school in at UCSB, that's where degrees from. Um Yeah I mean I've been all over the state but mostly you know, concentrated in that one area. My grandfather was in Albany, my great aunt was in Berkeley. Um Used to go to like marin County for well I got I got three paintings from an artist who lived in um Near Sausalito and now I'm drawing a blank on where exactly he was. Um but I love them because they're you know from there. But yeah my favorite state always will be but I probably will never live there again. I left when I was 25.
I'm in Illinois right now but have kinda jumped all over the US. I've lived in um florida Montana colorado Illinois, back to California, wants to long poke and did I lose, oh florida, So I've been kind of all over um
and that was just just uh a byproduct of getting married and having to go where the jobs were, you
know, so so
what do you
do for work?
I just put my new screen saver on my brand new phone.
Um It was it was kind of weird, it's a glass screen saver. I've never had one like that and the last one I had was you know that flimsy material that you have to stick over it but this is actually glass and so I made sure to follow the instructions but my last phone which is still right near me, this is what happened to it. It does I used it I used it that way for a year but when it finally
told me it was filling up and I had to keep deleting things in order to keep going. I was kind of forced to get another phone but a decent price in amazon I'm I'm fine with it. Yeah
so
kind of a hodgepodge um have four different jobs. I work, I'm a real estate agent, but real estates in the toilet And I work part time at Petsmart one or 2 days a week whenever they need me. Um I work as an english tutor online. Um Cambly is the name of the place and that's why I was on precisely at five, I was off precisely at five
on
the
other side. I was waiting for the seconds to tick down before I clicked over. Um and then I'm a substitute teacher, but uh that's kind of in the toilet too because it went away with Covid and now the kids are back in person and I won't do it, I just won't do it. So yeah, there are a couple of classes I would still do because they're still virtual, you start to go in the building, but I don't have to interact with kids, but that hasn't come up yet, so.
I did that before the, before the kids came back to school. Um this was like in september, I accepted a half day job because I wanted to see what they were doing. The teachers all go to the building and then if it's like a big room, maybe more than one teacher will be in the same room, but they're separated
and they're on their own computer and they're holding their own class with their, with their classrooms and um I was in a room by my myself taking attendance as they got on their zoom or whatever. Um half of them didn't even show up. Probably they knew that there was a substitute, But it's, it kind of sucks as I've been doing it for maybe 20 years and this I virtually will do none this
for this academic year. So um so that's why I picked up the English online and some
other
I'm just throwing together what I can to
make
what I keep them, you know and hopefully not not deplete savings, which is, you know,
pretty much we have to do. So.
Um But I like my job and I have a I have a side business, not reportable. Uh Let's see. Better up labs, better not be recording us. I make these uh these toys for Cats and I sell on Etsy and have a facebook page and stuff like
that.
So I
do
that. Well it's actually not a toy, I'll show you. Um I don't know if you can hear this. Do you hear the sound?
So it's it's a called a crinkle Math. And um so I started making them like almost 10 years ago, the cats got me involved in it because they cats like to gravitate towards garbage on the floor or anything on the floor. And and um grocery bags are inside, so it's like a recycle renew type thing,
you
know when you know when you open a bag of cereal and you have that waxy bag that holds the cereal. So I save all that, I save all my grocery bags. So there's two sources of crinkle inside the grocery bag and that cereal bag. And um so I saw him in and I hand wind all the fringe. And so I've been selling them on Etsy for quite a while. And this year first year in a while, no craft shows in person, because the events and that's where I make the bulk of the money for those is because, you know, I I'd sell quite a few in one venue, you know, concentrated in a day. Um But both of them are not going this year, so
yeah. So do you like what you do?
You
hear?
Thank
you.
Yeah, definitely, definitely. Um
And how are you, how have you been affected by the fires? I mean, are you still being smoked out? Mhm.
Mhm.
like that yellow oranges
glow like in some of those movies that you see, but it wasn't the movies.
You are.
Well.
And how how bad or how angry do they get by what our illustrious president says that the that the it's all California's fault forest management, It's like I want to slap someone because um
I still think it's climate change. I mean,
you
know,
the intensity, it just seems
like the intensity of all of our different weather systems, whether it's a hurricane, earthquake, tornado, whatever or even rain, it's, everything is just more intense now. Mm hmm.
it's
always hotter.
no
changing
something
then
the smell. Yeah.
My mom lives still lives in California. She's in um Joshua tree, which is, you know, you
live
in
basically the monument is her backyard,
that's where she lives. But you know, they've, they've also had problems with just the smell not being able to go outside that kind of thing. And even
in
um, well it's more based on the fires in colorado, but there's been some traveling of the smoke from California combined that with the fires in colorado. And my son lives there And they've had a lot of bad pollution days because of the fires that were off of interstate 70 were really really bad. They even had to shut down a section for like five days to fight the fire. I mean it was it was incredible. They had just finished a vacation like a week 10 days before And using 70 to get back home. You want all of this stuff hit the fan
you
know? So um yeah
you
went to U. C. Berkeley.
All
Not
not anymore. My it was my great aunt that lived there when
I was growing up. She lived she died quite some time ago. So does that mean you're are you are you will not current but were you an activist which is the reputation of these?
Well
No.
Well yeah and I just I feel so fortunate having grown up in California
that I
got to go to a school like using santa Barbara
because
you know like if my daughter wanted to go there it would just be cost prohibitive because it's a mistake but it was in my backyard, I lived in you know basically I lived in santa barbara, then I lived in Goleta and you know and and of course when I started going to school I lived in isla vista because I could
just
like
you know,
oh yeah I loved because I you know it wasn't too hard to get to the beach and you could do some reading or whatever and
it's like where on it it's like it's great. I haven't been back there in a long time, I actually have not been back to California. Well actually my family and I when I was married, my husband and my son and daughter and I, we went to, we did a circuit of san Diego. Uh we had a few, a few different places, you know, because we want to go back. Um and I had actually never been to san Diego. So it yeah, because it was too far south to
go,
you
know, I like it. I would never want to live there. It's gorgeous. Mission Bay is wonderful, I loved it, but it's just too much, it's too congested. And
once, you know, once you live in the midwest and in the suburbs, the idea of, I don't even go to Chicago and I'm a half an hour away because I don't want to drop here and fight traffic and all that kind of stuff.
So.
I have a friend that lives in Los Angeles that
I communicate with. So yeah, it's um it's just different unless like, well my daughter went there for a while because she wanted to be in the music scene and you pretty much have to be in the heart of L. A. For that. Um But she's she's back here now. Um But I still have one friend out in that area but and I wouldn't want to live in the Los Angeles area either, even though, you know, I still like it. Um Certain parts of it like Hermosa Beach,
it's a really really nice speech. I love
that.
But uh yeah, I don't know. I think I think in spirit will always be that California kid, even though I haven't been there in a while so.
yeah. Yeah. It is. I mean I like Illinois, Okay, I mentioned to get out, I want to move to colorado next year just to be near my son. I've actually lived there before, but this would be closer to him and not anywhere near where we live when he was growing up. But mostly because the taxes in Illinois are obscene. I mean it's just ridiculous what they, you know, I basically have to work to pay the taxes because I don't have a mortgage. So
it's crazy. I can probably save, I don't know, I can save a whole load of money. Not the first year because you have all the moving expense and all the stuff, but by the second year I could save a good chunk of change on property tax alone.
the the cost of real estate, however is expensive. You know, I compare it here because I'm an agent so I have access to like look up a lot of stuff and you know, like to get my house in colorado. Oh that would just, I would never be able to do it. So I don't know, it's a it's a give and take, you have to, you know, just kind of see
which way the priorities go and then pick the most important one and go after it I guess. But the virus thing
kind of interfered with a lot of plans.
Well
what I heard yesterday was that the state is on the rise again and we were real stable for quite some time and now now we're not so um so we'll see. Um and it's I think it's only gonna get worse because People are going to be indoors more, so it's starting to get cold here now. It's you know, going into the 40s at night. So yeah, I miss being added out in a baseball field in a t shirt weather in january, you
know? But still, you know, getting acclimated to an area is it's actually true because even here in the winter in december january when it's cold I'll still go out in my t shirt and
shorts
to take, you know to take the garbage out or something. You're not going to go get all dressed up in layers to do that. So. So are you married?
What?
It's ridiculous and it's
not like
you can get very much work done on
Well plus if you get if you've got all this inner frustration going on then you know who bears the brunt of that, your family, you know,
and now your kids get to see more of you, your wife gets to see more of you and hopefully that makes everything a little bit easier to take.
How old are your kids?
Oh okay. All right. So you wouldn't have sent one? You wouldn't have sent one to school anyway, but
one of them you would have. But um yeah that that can be a bit challenging for
Do
you are you a pet person do you guys
have?
Me?
Well
you know what if you go on facebook my page is called Catnip Crinkle Mats.
you can find me there and I think I pretty much put pictures of everything on their recently. Although I'm in the process like right now I've got all my material laid out
like a
um if I do them assembly line style, I can cut down the time. If I do them one at a time uh an hour or more.
Well
you know like the fringe I sit. Um But you know when you break it all down, by the time you take away all the etc. Fees and you take away the cost of materials. It's like I'm working for not very much,
but but it's still fun. And I only have one of my founding my my shop name at etc. Is spook loof ibo spooky
luna.
I'll spell it for us. P. O. Okay. L. U. F. I. B. O. And I'll explain the S. P. 00 K. Is for spooky the L. U. Is for luna, The F. I. Is for Fido. And the video is for Sambo. Those are the four founding cats. But of the four founding cats, I only have luna left. Um I lost her sister Fiji last year
in
um Luna is 19. So
she's been from the start
to finish. Fiji was just short of her 18th birthday when she died. So,
indoor only.
Yeah, well you you give them 50% more life that way. It's really hard because now that I only have one cat, it's the first time in years that I've only had one cat. Um, but her kidney doctor advises me not to adopt another one because any kinds of stressors, you know, even for people, they can affect your metabolism and
do whatever. And at her age, I don't want to jinx anything. I want
her to as long as she can. So now I I feed the outdoor cats that are the funerals that are in our neighborhood. And uh, it's kind of funny because I
have one that's friendly that I can pet
and I can't, and she looks just like my luna. It's a tuxedo
cat, tuxedo cat. The only difference is she has long hair and luna has short hair. So uh so I I kind of just do that and and so I have more because they're all but they're all outside and I swear she's friendly and I'm so tempted, she lets me pick her up even and I thought about it, I thought about putting her in the garage or putting her up in the room where I used to foster cats. And um but I thought no that's not fair because she'd have to stay in the bedroom. I couldn't mix her with mine. And um and she's used to the outdoor life and to be thrown in a room with company only a couple of times a day would move there. So she has lots of places she can hide outside. And I have
a dog house, it's a cat house with a heating pad in it and so
on.
They're not using it yet. But I'm hopeful. Um So there are places that they can go to get protected in the in the cold and and I feed her twice a day and you know whoever else comes around. So um that's how I have other cats at least temporarily, you
know?
true.
And and our relationship tions, she's been an only cat. It's actually changed quite a bit and she's out more and she sits with me for hours, you know, so I don't want to do anything to jeopardize any of that, you know, So but if you if you end up going on the site um luna's the tuxedo black and white and her sister is the tortoise shell
that's
video and yes
it's
a dog's name and she's a female cat.
But when she was a baby she used to play fetch. You know those little, have you gotten those little glittery puffy balls before?
Well, they're not crinkly, I know what you're talking about, like the Mylar crinkly, these are like the cotton ball, uh fluffy balls that have glittery stuff coming out
of them.
Well, you can you can get them at the pet stores or even walmart for that matter there. Like they're like pom poms, but with little stuff sticking out of them,
and she used to play fetch with those all the time, you could, you know, bat it back and forth under the door and stuff like that. So
um she kind of earned her dog name. Um I
was going for there, but um so anyway, yeah, I'm an animal person, but I settled on cats in my adult life,
and
my degree of UCSB is in zoology because I wanted to be a vet. It didn't work out,
I tell you I wanted to I wanted to quit after I was a sophomore, but I was determined to make it through, you know, and uh probably should have switched to math because I was better at it, but I stuck it out, you know? But yeah, so that's so
now I play vet to my own cats pretty much,
so,
but that's not how old is yours?
You
simply
Yeah, I mean luna luna is cool and she's little, she's um she's only like £9. Um
But how old, how big is yours?
so he's quite he's quite a bit bigger.
I don't know if you'll be able to see this, but let me see where's my there we go. There we go. Okay. But
She's
and she's very um for 19 years old, she's very kit and like, I mean in terms of how she looks because she's little and I can, I can now spot a few gray hairs on her, but you know, she's 19. Who pretty are those are his eyes. He's long hair.
All right then. See now that's like my outdoor outdoor mural one or his eyes green. It was hard to tell
in the picture.
um, I am a sucker for green eyes. I mean
they're
my favorite for for, you know, like I had another Sambo was an all black long hair cat, gorgeous. Got an osteosarcoma died at nine years old,
brilliant green eyes, gorgeous. Just gorgeous cat. I mean, you know, it's just awesome. Um, They're all on the bridge. I still talk to them, you know?
So anyway, um, what was I gonna say? Yeah. So yeah, I'll have more in my life but for right now I'm content to do what I'm doing, you know?
Oh yeah, for sure. I mean their family um
I
will I will give you one piece of advice before they before yours turns, you know like uh six or seven think about insurance. It has been a lifesaver. I tell you the insurance company that I have Probably paid out 30 grand on spooky Probably 20-40 on Fiji and I
don't even know what I'm up to on luna right now over the years. Um But
uh She has kidney disease. She goes in all the time. It's all covered and um
you
know dental work and all of that kind of stuff. Um because they pay you know my my part is only 10% so
you know.
Um But pet plan has been good for that. That's the one that I use. And I don't regret it. I mean the premiums are high when they're older, like, like her, but it more than pays for itself by the end of a linear for sure.
Yeah. Because if you can do them while they're younger, the premiums are very inexpensive. Like for yours, it's like right around 250 a year a year.
And
as long as long as they have a clean record and when you go to ensure them, you want, you nothing will be excluded. You do have that emergency, you know, you're covered.
Yeah, she has better insurance than I do. Yeah.
I
think
it's really cool that we ended up being both liking cats. I mean, that's, that's how
fortunate
It makes the, it makes the time roll by. We've already passed are 25. So yeah.
How long have you been on doing prolific stuff.
Okay. I've been doing it roughly a year now. This
this particular thing that we're doing the live chat, It used to be where you could only do four. So the last time it came up, I couldn't do it because I had already done it, done it. But now they changed the rules and you can do it six so I can do it one more time and it's one of the best paying ones on prolific.
I thought so.
Especially, you know, if you're not just biding your time waiting for the clock to go by because it's been fun to talk to you.
definitely. Well anyway, um, if you end up looking me up, send me a message through through facebook or Etsy and I'll answer you. Okay?
You are welcome. Have a good rest of your night.