Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi, how are you?
I'm
doing well thanks. I'm going to start a timer for 25 minutes because I want to make sure that we give them what they're looking for from a time perspective.
I did
it once before but
the person that I was matched with quit the test after like six minutes and so I didn't get compensated for the time. It was frustrating. Yeah,
paul, what's your name?
Hi, Christy. Nice to meet you too. I'm
on
the west
coast. I'm in California. Yeah.
Oh nice. What part?
beautiful part of the state.
I'm
understand luis obisbo
yeah, I'm sure real quick.
Oh wow, where are you at now?
boston.
Absolutely.
You look great places.
Well
I work for a software development company. I manage a small development team that works on applications for mobile devices so. Yeah.
Well that's all liking it,
Well.
that's that's great. What
do you what do you do for a living?
Well
that's
funny.
so they would tell you they would have substitute teachers come physically to the school but then being some sort of separate room and interesting.
I see.
I'm
and
you know,
they
think for
So hard.
woman.
what
kind
of
both?
Yeah, that's really cool.
Yeah that's
smart.
that's a shame,
I do enjoy it, it's a lot of fun. I've been working in software and development for about 10 years so it's something that's that's enjoyable and it's fairly steady and it's actually something
that lends
itself to working remotely pretty
well.
So
it's going into the office some but it's been since March, we haven't been back so.
the biggest the biggest impact for us was air quality. Um And it was like that for oh gosh at least a couple of weeks. It really depends on how the wind was blowing. Uh
And sky though it looked evil you know it looked like the end of the world. Like apocalyptic.
What?
no it was a very dingy, just bizarre. Everything just felt heavy. If the smell
was fairly intense it actually would get pretty bad headaches if I was outside for too long. But yeah we were lucky in our you know specific area, we didn't actually have fires in close proximity. It was, everything was 100 miles away or more. But what was still intense and really feeling bad for everybody. I have a friend that works for the
cal fire department and they've just been going nonstop for the last six weeks. I mean they are constantly constantly these shifts that they're doing or just insane and just really, really feel for all those men and women that are out there fighting this, it's really intense.
Think
I absolutely
think that
it
Well
You know, it's funny you mentioned that the thing that I've noticed mostly is that somewhere now things like it starts sort of like in july or like the middle of your life starts getting hot and then it stays summer until like november now where we have these temperatures. It's just it's always indian summer.
Everything
on yeah on and on and on and on it it's certainly miserable. The fires are a huge problem. Uh A number of these tires have occurred on federal lands which I think are equally funny stuff that's directly under the purview of the feds. Um There doesn't seem to be a connection there for the president
for some reason about why. Um
But yeah it's
been devastating and certainly a lot of people affected and knock on wood. We you know our family hasn't been directly impacted aside from just the inconvenience and that sort of a
court.
the smell and everything but.
I
know very
well.
Yeah. That's amazing.
because it
needs.
my
wolf
you mentioned
that you had some family in Berkeley, that's where I went to school. I went to U. C. Berkeley. So
it's who do you ever get
up there to visit or if you
spend some time
document?
You know it's funny it certainly has that reputation. There's definitely a lot of students on campus that are inclined that way. What I found more more so was that it was the community that was really really um hardcore on the active activist front and in terms of like on campus protests and that kind of thing a lot of times it wasn't students necessarily doing it but these community members who were you know warmly embraced by the university. The university has always done a great job of kind of understanding the quirkiness of Berkeley and the pattern that people in the community field and really providing those folks of platform. But no I mean unfortunately during my time there I was really hell bent on just graduating and
you know going to class and just doing my work and it's not to say you wouldn't sort of inadvertently end up in a protest because you could just be walking to class and all of a sudden you're in the middle of one and it was a dynamic place, there was a lot of stuff going on, it was a really stimulating environment and I appreciate it all just getting that full range of experiences. It was it
was really something I can't imagine another place quite like it on earth and I wouldn't trade my time there for anything.
We're
going
wonderful
schools.
brother
graduate,
I'm
quite I'm quite familiar, it's a great school.
Absolutely.
what
did you think
of Indiegogo?
it is.
I grew
up in Los Angeles and spent most of my life in Los Angeles so I'm very familiar with congestion and there's a reason why I'm away from there. It just it starts to take a toll certainly.
Well
beautiful
that
moment.
Yeah. No it's always part of you certainly.
I think
that's amazing. Yeah. Sounds totally worth it.
What?
What?
It's really just an unbelievable how are things going out there for everybody from the virus perspective
if
and
Well you
know
Yes I am and we've got a couple of kids and it's a it's a nice life here again, appreciate sort of being away
from from L. A. Just for the fact that it feels like we can kind of breathe out here a little bit and not letting you know when I was there and my commute, I'd spend three hours a day in the car back and forth and I was going on A round trip of about 30 miles and that to me was just seen uh
is that
group
about nothing, you could listen to the podcast, you can listen to radio or whatever, you know? But it really just felt like a huge time sync and that more than anything, I started to feel just more increasingly frustrated and you know, you start to recognize, you know, this is starting to impact my mindset and kind of how I'm interfacing with people and I think it's time for a change, you know?
absolutely, you know.
I mean it's been interesting with when they were, everybody's been at home all at once and you know that took some adjusting to be sure, but well you had a you were very adaptable, it's incredible. You know, we really can learn how to make the most out of challenging situations and it does take care of it though. It absolutely takes
There's three and eight.
No.
they're all, you
know,
I
have a cat, we've got a cat. Yeah, that's why I was laughing
when I saw the product that I was thinking about how much he would probably enjoy,
like that
Catnip Crinkle Maths.
How long does it take
one of those?
Oh that's much faster than I would have thought. Oh
jeez what?
something
But
on my phone real quick because I would be curious to look it up, What was it called again?
I'm
sorry
Oh my gosh
good.
Indoors or outdoors or hybrid
and or only that's how we do it too
Was
life?
But
what?
huh
immediately
that's
great.
right yeah just get
to scratch a little bit of that itch to want to have a few more without putting
too much stress on the one that you still got indoors.
All
and
I'll definitely check
it out,
I love it
they were like crinkly ones.
well
I haven't seen us.
Oh cool Yeah wow.
that's funny.
I was
I'm the same way
the same way.
Well that's funny.
I'm
look at
what
he's three, he's
actually
a tuxedo cat. Uh The predecessor was a tuxedo. Also I have a we have a soft spot for those that time.
Power
He's about 12.5. Yeah.
You very much.
looks like it just
there. I'll find all, I'll find your mind.
you have long hair.
they
they look kind of bluish but yeah they're very clean and he's around he just got his Halloween costume, he's going to be a little vampire. So hard.
You
are,
all.
Absolutely that you're
it makes the makes a home it really does.
Well
why?
No.
that's for guys
I'm looking
for
that's it's
great advice.
it's fantastic.
that's
not bad at all.
Yeah that's social label buys
that's um that's really funny. Well
I think
we've hit
I'm
really talking with you.
that's amazing.
Um About off, I just do it occasionally about I don't know, maybe six months or so
very well.
Yeah it's really, really generous. I would bless so
all this time.
it's definitely getting ages for talking to a friend, so that's cool
Thank you so much for your time.
Thank you. You do this about.