No no. Oh you can
hear
me
you.
Yesterday I tried and I don't know all the other person could never hear me so.
great.
Now
how are you
now
now
we
can just talk about whatever. Why not yet? Tell me about yourself. Mhm.
Oil.
Where do you let?
Um I live in Arizona Scottsdale. Arizona and I'm actually in the medical fields I
it's a diagnostic so there was some things I could do from home but mostly I still have to go into work But uh my hours were just cut because nobody's going to the doctor for their cancer checkups. So our workload is actually dramatically reduced. So now I've gone down to 18 hours a week is all the work I'm getting at least through july. And hopefully when things are opening up, people start going back to the doctor. But yeah I have been really nerve wracking going in and you know possibly being exposed. Mhm.
Yeah. What do you do?
What's your job?
More
no.
that's kind of
shocking. I'm scared to go here.
definitely. But I think people are just over it and they just want to go back to normal life and they're able just like not worry about it. I don't know I'm not like that I'm worried and I don't know I do think it's too soon. And what is
the harmon? Waiting longer? I mean I don't know why people are so anxious to just get back out there and Yeah
wow that's crazy.
It's like
bit you
know
cheers them up. But yeah here my co workers talking about taking summer vacations and but it freaks me out
too
because
then they're going to come back to the office and if they've been exposed then we all have to work together and we've been doing split shifts where we have an early morning shift and then a late shift, but now they've decided just to mix this all together again. So I'm like, all right now, we're just all going to be around each other again, then people are traveling all over and not everyone is being careful at all anymore and where I am pretty much everything's opening back up. So it's even if I, you know, I'm still careful, then I'm still exposed to other people who are just living it up out there and kind of makes me nervous.
I feel like people are being rebellious, like they're purposely not wearing masks because, you know, they're doing the whole, like, I'm not gonna live in here and our restaurants just opened up for dining and people just flocking to the restaurants and doing it almost like on purpose, not just, well I just really want to go into a restaurant, but more like, oh look at me, you know, I'm not living in fear of some stupid virus and you know, people don't want to wear masks and it's just because
they want to be like, I don't know, some kind of rebel who thinks that they shouldn't have to be told to wear a mask.
I think that's the big problem here. A lot of people don't know anybody who's had it, so it's easy for, oh, it's exaggerated. I don't know anybody who's had it. But I mean I'm originally from new york and I have a lot of family back there and I have several family members who have gotten it and they have gotten bad and One of my cousins is still, he got it back in March and he's like 50
and
physically fit and healthy,
and
he's still struggling, like he still gets out of breath. He's like really scared now that he's got some long term damage from it. So like, even if you get it and you get over it, you know, some people are suffering with, you know, then chronic problems after the fact, so, and I'm hearing at first hand, but I think a lot of people don't know anybody because in Arizona, you know, it hasn't, we haven't had it at a huge rate, like other states, but and I think it's easy for people, they don't see it firsthand to just kind of downplay it.
Well,
I got
his,
so
they've been doing the online schooling, which has had their last day of school yesterday, so I'm glad to be done with that because that was kind of a nightmare, took up a lot of my time. And then, yeah, I'm still working my husband's home, so the kids have come home to help them, but I don't know, just been getting through it because I'd rather feel safe being at home. I mean, I'm not in any rush to get out there, you know, I missed seeing like my parents are in their seventies and I usually would see them every sunday and you know, I haven't been doing that for two months. I feel bad for them because you know, they look forward to seeing their kids and grandkids, but my mom has some lung issues and you know, I could never forgive myself if I exposed churches. Something
went
in.
Boom.
I think I will get a little better in the summer, but then I'm afraid in the fall then it's just kind of going back and be like 10 times worse and then we're going to have to go back to all the, and I think that's when it's really going to be hard, when it's like, uh you know, we just did the and now we got to do it all over again for joining us how our own so about scaring me too. And then with my kids, like, if they're going to start school, you know, their schools trying to figure out what do we do in the fall? Do we just start online? Do we try to do half online, half at home? Do we try to have them come in person? But like wear masks? And it's like, oh, kids are never going to be able to wear masks effectively, you know, they're going to be playing with them and taking them on and off. And like, that will never happen. Then playing, it was to be distanced the kids, but then how would that work? The classrooms are small and you know, they're large classes.
My kids are feeling really isolated to, you know, they haven't seen their friends and they've really been stuck at home, you know, I still go to work and my husband goes out and does our shopping for us and but the kids are literally just like in the house and it's hot here now, it's in the one hundreds every day. So I try to take them out for a walk at night when it down a little, but you know, they can't even really get outside right now.
I can't imagine ever going on a cruise. I mean, that's terrifying to me. Especially out of everything like to be dragged on a cruise ship, like all those people were and all those germs running around. I can't imagine anybody signing up for that right now.
Just
a shocking I know they're having like tremendous discounts so maybe people are like, oh, I can finally Cruz,
let's
go.
I
can't.
that's
You
just be telling
people no, I will not fuck you on that cruise. I cannot be responsible for, you know, three months from now. I
don't want to uh
huh.
Is
your
job forcing
people
to do cruise? But yeah, do you ever want to just say um are you sure you want to do that? Do you really think that's saved?
But
meanwhile you're like, no,
I don't know
how much
fun
with a cruise be if you're like have to wear a mask and you gotta be worried waiver people,
you gotta worry about the food and like it just doesn't sound fun to me. Like if you're worried the whole time about germs
and getting sick and being cautious and
I don't get that. We had a vacation
plan for California in july and you can't hold it because again, like, it doesn't sound even if we're allowed to go, I mean, it doesn't sound fun to me, we won't be able to go to theme parks or you know, do a lot of the things you would normally do has either they were closed or I would be too worried. Uh Fear anybody. You're on drums. I'd be like a nervous wreck the whole time.
How
do they not care? It's so strange to me. I don't, I would love to switch that part of my brain off to just be like, who cares, I'm gonna live my life. Maybe I would
sleep better at night, but I can't do that. I don't know,
probably
like we're gonna make up for all this canceled.
I'm
What
do you think people
would
be trying to save money right now? I mean with so many people out of work and
kind of the economy has tanked
and
it's uncertain
with the future holds. That's kind of crazy to me too.
Yeah
like
no.
just
because
you have
then your stuff working, it should be the other way around. You should be the ones that get some time off.
Yeah.
No.
Warm.
No.
I guess we'll see how it all plays out for all of that kind of scary but no way to really know how bad it's gonna get right now.
I
know
very
overwhelmed.
I I can't, I start to get overwhelmed if I start thinking about that like now hey in the moments
and
you know who knows what will happen? Maybe vaccine will you know they are working on vaccines and all that. So it seems like that's going well.
Yeah. Okay. So we've been on Probably 25 minutes. That did come on right at 1:30.
Well done. Well, it's been fun. Yeah. Yeah.
Stay
Thank you. You too. Okay.
Bye.