Hello? Can you hear me? I can't seem to hear you. Let's see. Mhm. Mhm.
I
can
hear here. Yeah, Sure
speech
No, no, I can hear you just
fine. What do you think you would agree
with you more than anybody?
I'm good. I'm good. So they don't really give us anything
to talk about, right? Like no, certain
topics
here.
Well,
I've just been working, keep on working. I want to stay at home and work from home, but my company doesn't really allow it and it's really stressing me out. So yeah,
how about you? Um I live in L. A.
I mean Mhm.
Yeah, I've had, I had my our feet is still from like 14 hours a week to just 20 now and like half of my office is actually being for look, so I don't really have anyone to talk uh in the office right now because like most of my coworkers are are at home. Um but they're getting the unemployment benefits, so they're doing fine. I just miss having people to to like chat with. I only have my supervisor to talk with at the office and well we couldn't really talk about anything other than like work related stuff. So it gets like distressing. It's like I'm just, they're doing my job talking to wall lately and I've been doing that for like two months now. It's really smashing.
I'm
I'm at data entry and analyzes in a tribal agency. Craziest things that you will think that this virus would like slow people down from going to holiday. But
no, like We are actually like still pretty busy, you know, like, like the other day, like I retinues that um Chris bookings for August were like up 600%
compared to last year. And my friends were just saying things like wow this news can be real and I just told them that hey I work in a travel agency, I can tell you that it's true. Like people just want to go on holidays when like these fires things shopping, they will really need to go somewhere, you know, relieve their stress and everything. So.
but
our girls, I think, I think that's way too soon.
I'm
I think so too.
It's really crazy. I think that I think that uh things were going to slow down, well it's slowed down like in the first like two or few weeks, but once we're in the last week of april I think like the orders were just starting to pick up like crazy. I think at that point people are just tired or data care anymore and they just just want to like plan to go somewhere. Maybe just thinking about um maybe just even thinking between somewhere makes it better border mental health. You know, like thinking about all I can go to this piece. I can go to that
Cruz. It's
a pleasant out
there.
He's
got
my gun.
Well, yeah, I mean where do I live, technically businesses are still closed, but I see people just like walking around in public without wearing masks with their top with their kids. And like traffic is just the same as usual here in L. A. So I just isn't nothing different really is just that businesses are closed but doesn't really stop people from going out and just you know like taking a walk or anything without proper protection like wearing a face mask and everything and it's like really crazy to see but you know, I think it's inevitable. I think we are going to see more and more of it like people are just getting tired of being trapped at home and everything, you know?
Well
yeah, I guess like I guess like for some people like they wouldn't really understand how how dangerous this is. Honestly got like friends or family members uh getting it. I've had like some friends getting it but uh they get better in the end but they went through a really tough time and afterwards they go to their friends and they say like hey this is like no no joke man. Like like I was in the hospital for two weeks and I've suffered and if you have someone like that then you start to understand that this is like real and dangerous. But if people thinks it's just something they read on the internet or something, they just like see on tv they don't feel like it's doing real. You know, they think it's just like um yeah, I wouldn't get it even if the way I carrot top dangerous, everything like that.
Come
on.
From
trivial.
Yeah, I'm sorry to hear again. Mm Well how have you been coping up like with this thing like staying at
home
thing,
the best
thing you up?
Mm. Yeah. Well I've been like very struggling about my work because like um like I said, I work in a trifle agency and and let's be honest, it's not an essential business, but like my uh the owner of the business doesn't really want to like entirely close it. So like he just sent half the people home. And well there are, We went from like 30 people in the office to just like, uh, 9, 10 people in the office now. But he says that, Hey, it still fits within the government guidelines for more than 10 people. But let's be honest, that's not an essential business. So I was really struggling whether
I should
come or not. But well, the company has helped me a lot when I was like, in a difficult times too. So I feel like kind of obligated to help them get through it. So I just
stayed Like my wife is also my wife place like two piano or for my church and my church is closed and they're doing like the online services thing. But like she's the only piano player in the church. So even if I want to tell her like, hey, don't go to the church to just stay home to play the piano. And but then she was like, hey if I didn't come to the church and play the piano, then there will be no one to play the piano. So she has to still go out every sunday uh to the church. Like even though there are only like eight people there, like only dog master and some of the musicians. But well like, you know like when you think about it, I go out like I go out like five days a week, it goes out like uh definitely on every sunday less sometimes to do groceries. But I'm thankful that L. A. Recently gave like pre testing for all uh presidents, I got tested, my wife got tested and people check out negative. So so far I think we'll find, but I don't know like if this stays on for like another like 34 months, I don't know if I can really hold on to my sanity. You know, I just feel I want to go out to so
that's true.
And I think what's more worrying is that people think that the summer in summer like a heat will kill the virus. But uh we know that's not true. I'm just worried that people do get careless in the somewhere and uh and everything will get worse and you know like, like what's like really uh that you find for me is that yeah, every, you know like every, every friday to close the week I pinned out like terry part of the people who are like taking the holiday is going to vacations. And I was looking at this report and I was thinking like, man, like in august and september like people are going to rush to holidays and if, if like chris's and the hotels are open at that time. Well I don't want to imagine what like october and november would look like with all those people going out on vacations and everything is gonna be real crazy if they like, they don't get like proper housing for themselves, you know?
you will.
You'll be surprised.
they
feel
yeah. And you know like, like I've been talking with some, the funny thing is that I've been talking with some coworkers about that. Like, hey, you know, like we're sending all these people to cruises on august and september like you think like, like, like let's say like it's in september, you read the news and then you found a headline that says all the people in this cruise got infected with coronavirus. And then wouldn't you just think to yourself like, man, I sent those people on this cruise.
Like,
like would you like to feel guilty or something like that and you know my friends, that's it man. But now I just try not to think about it. If it happens, it happens. I'll just, I'm just trying not to think about it right
now because if you if you start the village thing about it, you won't be able to get to work. I was just like, man, I just go home and
forget
on.
it's happening.
Yeah.
I know like somehow like, like my coworkers also feel a little bit guilty inside,
but
hey,
you know it's my
job.
Yeah. You know like, you know like even though like, like when some customers are booking like uh they ask us like hey uh will it be safe to go on a cruise on august and september and uh we'll just say um we don't know whether it's safe or not. But what we know is that the companies are opening their cruises. So as long as you follow the protocols and you wear mask and you keep your distance, you you're being careful us your hand.
We think you'll be safe. Well think.
Yes, that's like the most marketing ends wherever. But
what
can you do
it daily?
It's fine.
You know? It's
true.
But.
Yeah. Yeah. But some but a lot of people don't care about
that.
Help.
Yeah. Yes. Either. I think I think that some people are just like like start to get tired. Like I said like like the first month like everybody's cancelling their trips, but now like people are starting to like putting
trips again because maybe they are not.
Yeah like like like maybe maybe you've got nothing to do at home
and you start looking at pictures on the internet, like you start looking at Disneyland and then you go down that rabbit hole and before you knew it you put the trip and
well
that's
it.
People.
There you
go,
terrible.
Yeah. But The thing is that I don't know about like in other states, but in California they give unemployed people like uh 600 a week.
So
that's absolutely Yeah. Actually actually like actually like I have co workers who are at home right now getting like 2400 a month. Doing nothing and I don't even earn that much by going to work because my hours are cut. But yeah, I asked my bus, hey hey man can I stay at home and get it to 2400? He says no man, you're needed here like you are one of the most senior
and what of your department. So if you go home then this company will hold. So like well yeah like like all the like a junior staff in my office or at home and earning more than us with within the company, I don't think that's fair,
but
that's life
and get hurt.
Yeah. The problem is that we are we are not essential so we didn't get like that hazard pay or anything, it's just plain income. And yeah, I actually asked my friends who are at home like you're just sitting around being lazy at home learning 2400. Like do you want to effort go back to work? And my friends say not really
for people to stay at home and they, they just be happy and I think they can save more because they don't have to like spend cash to go to the office and everything. They can go anywhere. So just put all those monies to the savings and when still clear up they can go on application. That's what they are doing. And if
you ask, if you ask people like how they can afford the expectation hey like that's it. They're doing, they're doing nothing at home and they want that money and everything. Like what the heck. I'll just spend like One month of debt, unemployment income on vacation. It's 2400. Man. I can bring my, the whole family to a nice place. Like that's what
happened here. So it's crazy. Yeah.
But well things are gonna be what they gonna be, I think.
Yeah. We don't even know. We talk about like second waves and everything, but, uh, opportunity. I just say, let's not just think that far. Let's just focus on handling this one person. Hey, the first way is not over.
Why are you talking about
the second
way? It's
like putting the horse before the car.
I find not to
think about.
Yeah. I really hope that it will come up soon and I think we'll get better, but we will see.
sure. Yeah. Yeah. I came in with one early. I think it's, yeah, I think it's 25 minutes.
you for the chat. I really appreciate it. Really helps
to have someone to talk to. Yeah. You too. You do all all the best for your family and your kids.
You're