well right,
how are you?
Just using? Good. Uh you hear me okay?
Yeah,
good
what's your name?
Nothing, I'm Gabby, nice to meet you. So
where are you from?
That's fabulous. You live there right now? That's right
now.
It up in boston originally um And then I lived in Colorado for the last 10 years and now I'm back in Boston for a little while.
What?
yeah, the bar scenario at least. Yeah, I
like how was the play?
Mhm.
it's a mugging or? Not really?
Yeah, I did. I saw some pictures from like all over California, but in L. A. I heard it was pretty bad at some point to.
well I was in colorado until like the end of august and we had some bad fires there too, so before I left it was so smoky, you couldn't
see like
the mountains near me or anything. So um it was nice to leave how I left, but yeah, they have a lot of fire issues still. There's still a lot of like active fires in colorado, unfortunately. So probably, you know, with winter, they go out soon. Yeah.
Uh, well, Covid changed that. So I was working at a ski resort actually in colorado. Um, I worked at a spa, like managing a spa at the hotel, but I, I lost my job because of Covid. So now I'm doing nothing. What about you? Right,
and there
you go. Yeah. Any what type of engineering?
The ones hearing? Okay. Do you work for like one company or using multiple jobs there?
Welcome. Thank you. Yeah. How long have you been doing that for?
All right. Let's do you like it?
are
you saying you went to school for engineering?
Yeah. Where'd you go?
You're
and help Universe. You have something California.
What about that? You've been and out. You've been in southern California a long time. Nice. Were you born there?
Okay. Spent a lot of time in California. Cool.
Have you been to boston? And you know it well, Have you been to boston before? Nope. You're Yeah, you're kinda got a little, you're back. Um Have you been to boston before?
No.
Like I'm like pretty close to like right in the city, just like the town just next to the city, so almost right like in boston itself. But but it's right on the ocean, so it's nice.
Yeah, boston harbor, boston harbor is kind of famous and then my towns like this little peninsula that's sticks off of boston. Um Yeah, it's a city definitely on, on the coast. Their speeches. I mean it's cold water, but there's because it's not as nice as the beaches in California.
and
it's kind of
north north so it doesn't get that, you know the water doesn't get that warm even in the summer. It's pretty cold. You want it in the ocean and stuff. I've been to L. A. And san Diego several times in the beaches. There are so nice.
I am. What part of, what part of L. A are you in?
All
Oh I love santa Monica. That's nice. I knew someone who lived in santa Monica and I want to stay with so I'm very familiar with that area. Yeah. Mhm.
I'm jealous. All right, joe it is chill. No. So do you go to venice beach more
weird place. But really good. What
very
life?
Yeah. I'm sure I like though that there's that long path along between venice and santa Monica. So you can like bike or um
rolling late or whatever. I went roller skating when I was there like a tourist but uh I like that it's all like you know connected like that. It's really
cool along the water there.
Yeah. Um what else do you do with your time in California? You sir?
I was perfect. I live there.
it's different. Yeah.
Yeah. I snowboard. Yeah
because
I, yeah
I had a ski resort like I live
and it's from the sea resorts. I would remember it almost every day. Yeah it was nice. There's some good speaking in California you just have to travel a little further. Yeah
You're like
well they're around it's not too far but mammoth is the really good one. Mammoth.
Yeah I've heard I've never been but I've heard really good things about that place but
it's not that. Yeah.
yeah, exactly. Yeah. Together. Oh
colorado. It's um well so I lived right in the americans. Um So I lived at like 9000 ft, so very high altitude up in the mountains. Um
It's known maybe eight months of the year where I lived. Mhm.
So it starts snowing in october and stop snowing and then in May. Uh So I lived in it, but Colorado in general is beautiful. I mean there's like mountain, so many mountains and uh isn't that a beautiful state? Denver is kind of boring but the rest of the state's ready. Yeah, maybe like an hour and a half from Denver, So I wasn't really in the city, I was really in a more rural area. Um It happened tourist area though and yeah, overall it's it's a cool state. Yeah, a lot of young people like to move there
so it's kind of like changing, you know, lots of people up to colorado. Thank you. Never been.
Have you been to any of the mountains in California? Like have you been to the national parks like Yosemite and stuff?
Yeah. All right. Yeah.
Yeah.
Pictures look amazing. All right.
Yeah. Yeah. That is prettier. Yeah. Have you been to um Vegas? That's their color, that's not too far from you, right. Like five hours.
I love Vegas and I just I would drive there all the time if I lived in California Um
from Colorado we would drive and it was 11 hours drive, so it's pretty long. All right.
But we still would do it twice a year. But from but from what for you? It's like five hours. I would do that all the time. And there's no Covid not with Covid. I didn't
go right now,
definitely. Right.
Really? Um It's worth visiting. I think it's one of the coolest cities in the country because it's really historic. So there's a lot of stuff like from the american revolution, a lot of history to see and it's just I don't know it's it's a very like old beautiful historic city on the water. And there's lots to do. Lots of like museums and historic sites and good food. Place it really good food. Um Yeah and there's lots of colleges to there's like 30 colleges in Boston alone so um lots of young people and it's just like yeah it's a cool city. Yeah.
there is a lot to do. Yeah and it's very like tourist friendly like it's really easy to get around if you're a tourist very like it's not as big as new york so you can get to the different parts of it a little bit easier. You can walk a lot of it. Um But yeah it's worth visiting. I think
I like it better than new york. But that's just me
um depends on where you live. Like if you live too proud of the city you have to drive. But there's a subway system that's really good. So I I'm not taking it because of
Covid right now.
But normally like when I grew up here I went to high school and I would take the subway in high school actually right.
But if you're like a targeting your stay in the city you can get really anywhere with the subway is super easy. Yeah.
We don't really need a car to visit. I mean it's I used to own if you live here because
then you can drive
outside
the city. But yeah you really don't need one. It's really good public transportation. Unlike L. A. Doesn't have very good transfer.
Traffic.
Yeah boston definitely has its traffic but you can avoid it if you take the subway so and it's so expensive to park in the city like you wouldn't want to drive into the city anyway. It's better to just jump on the subway and live like near a subway stop. If you lived here, I would always make sure I lived close to one arrows. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I I like subways. There's been good way to get around. Mhm.
that's a lot of thing there. So
are you working from home now because of covid?
So you don't have to drive to work, you have to drive in the traffic.
Yeah. That is nice. Do you think once things are normal, you'll be able to keep working from home or don't make you go back to the office?
Yeah. You know, every day maybe? Yeah.
It's
nice to have
like where you sometimes go in and sometimes you get to go home and stay home because then you don't have to dr every day and you know, sit in traffic and waste. Guess.
Yeah. No, I think a lot of companies going forward are going to have more people at home are more flexible life between home and in the workplace or that you don't have to drive every day and it will be cheaper for the company's maybe. Right. No, I think a lot is going to change even when Covid is gone.
My plan. Good question. Um Well, I plan once Covid is mostly over or close to over. I don't know when that will be but I plan to move to a new city and try somewhere new. Um
So I'm thinking like new Orleans probably just do something really different because it's really different than anywhere I've lived before, but it's a really really fun city. Um It's like a small city that was so you feel like it's not too big and overwhelming. Um And I think I want to get into like I've been doing hospitality for all these years, you know working with working on the spot and stuff. But I think I want to get more into like travel planning. Like um you know not like like a travel agent but it's a really bad time to do it so I have to wait until it was over. So I'm gonna start like working towards that. I've just been doing like side work online in the meantime and stuff like a little bit of money. But yeah, I'm gonna try and get into that kind of area because I love to travel so yeah,
and
your
home and you can do it anywhere you want. But I kind of want a little job, you know?
I learned that hospitality is traveler hard, but I think they'll come back really strong because people will be very eager to travel once this is over, including myself.
No, I think people are just as soon as over there going to inflict their cases, they're gonna want to get out of wherever they,
I mean some people already traveling, obviously it's different, but there are people traveling a lot within the United States still all right.
Like when I was still live in colorado, even though my job couldn't open because it was hard to distance at a spot. Um There
were a lot of tourists in colorado all summer into like the national like outdoor stuff like going to the national parks and like you know hiking that sort of thing. So people have been doing a lot of travel within the U. S. But I think as soon as borders open people are going to want to go over to these. Yeah.
Yeah they're going to be desperate to get out of the country. For I I had a trip plan to italy in august that I had to cancel. So hopefully next year I can go
mean
summer
fall fall next year. Hopefully there's a vaccine so fingers crossed. I can we can get back to life. Do you have any plans once converted over?
How cool. Yeah. So will you go again? Go once things are normal again?
Yeah.
No I wasn't I didn't think before next summer at the earliest.
you
fall
Gonna take a long time to make enough for everyone to get them to to be a very effective vaccine. Yeah. But they will help. Yeah. Yeah. We're all hoping but yeah, they can't rush it. Um What were you going to do in Japan? Just visit to tourists like tori around.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh you can like see what would be like before you go.
That's a good idea.
I mean
you don't know what it's like. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah that was, I mean it could go that way. Yeah. Um I'd love to go to Japan. So they have really good skiing in Japan. They get a ton of snow in the mountains there.
So my friends bought a that live in boston. They bought a vacation home in Japan that they own and it's by a ski resort in Japan. So not this winter but hopefully next winter a year from now we'll get to go and stay at their place in Japan and it will be really cool. I'll have a free place to stay there and it's not work.
Yeah. Amazing. I know there, I mean it's amazing. So I'm really looking forward to it. We should have gone this winter but we couldn't you know obviously so I'm hopefully next winter we'll get to go but I want to stop in Tokyo also and see some other things and then this game that's really cool but it seems like have you been before?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What's your favorite part?
Yes.
Well yeah.
Very Tokyo.
Yeah it depends on yeah it is on the whole, there's lots of very peaceful areas. I mean, Denver is a pretty big city, but yeah, on the whole, you can get away from people very easily.
Yeah, I like it's not affordable.
You live by yourself. Radio of roommates.
You're right. Yeah, probably expensive if you live on your own.
I mean, you can get like outside the city into the suburbs. Isn't that expensive? But like part of your like right in the city and it's fun and on the subway, it's kind of expensive. But there's um, of kind of range of prices. But yeah, you can find more affordable ways to live. But I think the funnest places to live, a very simple,
right, right. Thing is uh colorado, it's not, the Denver is a little bit expensive because it's so popular to move there right now. Um, where I lived in the mountains was very expensive because it was so touristy so there's lots of people would really expensive second homes and stuff, but most of Colorado isn't too expensive. Um Yeah I think you know the major cities like boston new york L. A. Definitely san Francisco or you know among the most expensive, but I do think boston has options, so if you moved here you can find like a key way to live so many lives. Um I don't know if that's true for L. A. Right?
There's
that's what I hear about California, I like it but I don't know if I moved there because of the price.
Is it? Yeah. Gas tax defensive to yeah it's pricey there.
Yeah. I mean people still live there though. Clearly it's worth it's worth living. Very people will pay.
Although all of those places deliver expensive, it's hard to avoid that if it's
somewhere
worth living, probably expensive whether like you're in the mountains in a beautiful place or the beach or like this good city you're gonna I've done that right, I want to live with the new Orleans probably because it's actually a very cute city but the minimum wage is much lower than kind of like you know evenness of it, they don't pay people as well so it's still not keep in the long run for a lot of people
who live there
in
Ireland yeah I've got a really cool history um kind of a lot of cultures came together, they're like spanish french obviously american like it all kind of came and it's got a lot of history and really cool like culture and events and yeah things that you can't see anywhere else in the world except normally.
Yeah. Yeah I'm not too into like the ghost stories but but yeah it's a big part of it. I mean there's a lot of true stories that were kind of were there. Um But yeah that's sort of like which culture like voodoo and that kind of stuff. It's good for the tourists you know? And apparently Halloween not this year but normally is really fun there.
Well
I can't really into it for like a whole bunch but yeah there's lots of like good music that's the best part in the food and good morning. Look in the
summer.
scram well lobster is more like boston. Um Berlin's is like a lot of shrimp stop. Um
But you're not just seafood, lots of like soul food like kind of like southern food and like fried chicken and all that good stuff. Um Creole
food, like gumbo and jambalaya. It's. Yeah. Yeah it's fun if you ever get a chance visit because it's it's pretty cheap city to visit. You know it's more affordable than traveling to a lot of other cities because accommodation isn't that expensive. And the restaurants are an overpriced and you can find good deals and it's kind of like a fun place to go.
So it kind of feels
a little bit like europe more than the U. S. In some ways because of the architecture is all kind of a french style, a lot of it. Yeah.
good. I have a record
few times. Yeah, explain more to. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah and just visiting.
Yeah. Well I highly recommend it. Like I said it's easy to get around with the subway. Um And
walk like whole downtown area. You can really walk a lot of like the tourist areas but the tourist areas that we're going to they're not like to tourists you know there I enjoy them still. And I grew up here so I am then there's lots of cool areas like Harvard Square which is like I'm not technically in boston but it's like this whole in your area with all the colleges like Harvard and M. I. T. And stuff and there's lots of cool stuff like out that way. Right. Yeah. Diamond.
I would put it on your list. Yeah.
All right. You think creating? Do you think we did 25 minutes? Yeah.
Back in the perfect. Well it was really nice talking to you.
You have addressed your day and then you get to go to Japan when this is all over.
They
were talking someday.
Okay take care.
Bye.