Hello?
huh.
Yeah, that's weird. I thought there'd be like some sort of direction.
for sure,
California.
cool,
you would think about that and be like that's really cool.
Well I mean I guess in just in terms of the whole state obviously we're not as bad off as you guys are, but we are giving them were more populated state where um obviously one of the more effective states, but in terms of where I am specifically, in my experience, I'm not really that impacted. I don't like I don't know any cases personally,
I like, you know, it's second hand.
I haven't been um like around any protests or any idiots like that, but what about you? I mean you're in new york
were
in
new york.
Well, so I mean it's funny because I actually around May, I usually go on a camping trip every year and you know, initially the national parks had kind of um like I said, okay, well we're not going to be staffing them, but you can go and then that changed and they're all essentially closed. I mean people can go still like illegally essentially I suppose, but you really can't go legally. And most parts like most of the like city hiking trails have done the same thing. Like I tried to go up to a trail a couple weeks ago, just about a couple weeks ago I went I went biking up to this trail and was going to try and hike it, but it was, it was locked down. Um
and they were like signs and everything like that. And so I haven't even tried to go to some of the other ones up at the foothills because I imagine that probably the same. Uh and also I kind of feel bad, right? It's like, yeah, I could go break the rules, but one that's breaking the rules. And
also if everyone does it then, so
it's not fair that I get to be selfish and do that, you
know?
So
I mean I still, I run around my neighborhood and I do it at night so that no one's out and I have to worry about anyone else. Um, or if I like to do yoga or like a workout, I do it right outside on my lawn essentially. You know, I try to do everything kind of self contained so that I'm not, I'm not imposing risk on anyone else because that's what I ask of everyone else. So, you know,
do
it.
Yeah.
Yeah. They're various algae that can buy a luminous, they just emit life.
so they will ebb and flow. Their populations have been flow based on the surrounding ecosystem and the other populations. Um I think they do occur during certain times, um and in certain areas, so. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, they're
pretty awesome and you
don't see them and obviously only at night, but it's pretty mhm.
Where do your sisters live?
I
just,
Great.
Some questions.
So are you guys from new york?
You grew up in the city? Okay.
Well why did she move out to California?
that's cool. Yeah.
Yeah.
The,
no.
Oh, I know. I went to undergrad on in Jersey and I was like, fuck man, I need to go back to California where it's nice and warm and I don't want to freeze my butt off all the time.
I'm a good person that likes to be in shorts all year
round. So like, so like that's why I love California and being on the East Coast, just torture. I actually lived in the midwest for a bit and that was like brutal. Never again.
reason. So what's our activity? Can you do right now, where you are?
No. Are there a lot of people also that you're running into like on the walks?
What?
Do you find that is everyone wearing a mask or like people are just kind of like saying? Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like I've gone a couple times during the day, like two or something like that, or maybe even 10 in the morning to like go for a walk or go to the local park and I just didn't like, because there's there's obviously not a ton of people out, but there's still too many for me. Like, I just don't like being that close to people right now, you know?
Because
when
people have
like
nasty
down here.
What?
I
guess.
lunch ever ventilating, passing out? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. So at the parks, like, are you able to get enough distance from people?
From
no.
Well,
that's
true.
No,
that's what I find so interesting because I'll see that too. I'll see people having like, like parties with like close friends and family, Like, well unless you've all been quarantined together, they're just 16 strangers, you know? It's just like, but I don't understand that logic.
but
That's
Yeah. The mask isn't like doesn't negate the need for social distancing, you know, helps, but it doesn't mean you can all just hang out now. Mm
and I saw a guy walking and he was had his mask down, which is like that guy wasn't crazy
to
like you
aren't supposed to be like
putting you messed up and down. They put his mask down was eating chips and I'm like, you
know that we gave the purpose of the mask, if you know.
This
Well, that's
the
thing, the thing I'm guessing about smoking is that if you
could smoke in a box and not expose anyone to the secondhand smoke fine, you go smoke. But that's not what happens when you smoke. Everyone is exposed to secondhand smoke and especially in a pandemic that's causing respiratory infecting. Like you are literally risking people's lives by doing that. Like that's Yeah. I know. I see people smoking and like what is wrong with you like, do you know what's happening in the world right now? Mm hmm. Mhm.
No.
But
Because south Korea is a really good response, right? Yeah. And if only we could have done things around.
I have like 8.5 more minutes.
Thanks.
do
you live
by yourself?
Mhm.
But
Yeah. Seriously, do you got real lucky?
Let
me
tell you
everything on the menu.
Used
to be a night winger now. It's a dream.
man,
Yeah. So what kind of Russian do you work at?
No.
Who's that?
I
don't know.
What's it called?
Is it just breakfast or like?
Mhm.
But like what else is it just the pancakes? So they said other things,
Yeah.
I
think,
it's
fancy.
There is.
I feel like maybe I've seen like a buzzfeed
about these pancakes. I'm not
100
look
hope funny. So you just have the one sister?
Where's
your
brother?
Where's your brother
look like the state or D. C.
Mhm. I do have two sisters.
Yeah. So the most part. So yeah, all born and raised. Um my middle sister went to school at a state but then came back and I did the same. But I was gone for all of my education. She had just gone from grad school. My sister never left.
Yeah. Yeah. So I went to school on the East coast in Jersey and
we went
But
In theory, I mean I could point you know.
Mhm.
Yeah. Well that's the thing like um actually, so I was telling you I will do my workouts on the grass outside, but I actually just started doing that this week before I would do in my little my little place
and I was like, you know, we should try the grass and it's like on a slant. So I was like it makes it a little difficult but it's worth it to get outside and like I was worried about there being too many people but I put up like chairs to like please
go around and like people are cool and everything so.
It's been crazy is it's been cold up until like I'd say a week and a half an hour.
But
But
yeah, it's been nice. It's been sunny but like not too hot and like a really nice freeze. I'm gonna go try and like sit outside. No, no read or something.
Yeah. I've been reading this book like now that I'm home war like I have to commute and stuff like reading your time and I've been trying to
read like a book a month. Um And so I started this book but then work on like I'm
actually still working. I'm in health care and work just got real real busy.
Thank you.
No,
I mean.
I know.
I
hate that. They're like you guys are heroes. And how about you? Just give PP yeah like appropriate pay. Like I don't we don't need
to be called
anything to be protected.
You're the best but you're never gonna get a raise enjoy.
be about those in wild.
We're good.
we're good. We're good.
You
too.
Take care.