didn't you? Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay smoking. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. God. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Come on. Mm hmm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah,
tired. Oh
hey, let me just have like a relaxing Cleveland still, we'll leave it. Oh hi. So Survey was like, we can just talk about anything for 25 minutes, right?
Or like a moderator. It's cool. I'm just glad it matched because you know during this pandemic um the $15 would come in handy. Yeah,
we're part of the world. Are you from?
Oh, California, I'm from new york. That's cool.
Yeah.
Uh No, my sister is actually out in California, but so how would you say it is on like you're closed right now? Oh
On
I'm not oh
I'm
in
court.
Um I'm like in uptown so like the plague my neighborhood, it's like, you know, we're kind of away from like midtown and downtown and all that stuff. Um So yeah, there's ways that we can go outside and like, you know enjoy nature and practice social distancing but like is not in my agenda or anyone, I know his agenda personally to even try to truck in the city unless like they're essential workers or something. But that's what I was wondering about in California because like, you know, people can go out and enjoy nature, but that's what what y'all do a lot anyways. So I was wondering like if it's like even, I don't know if you do any personal hiking or something or like because my God, is that a lot there? But I was wondering since you know, more people are available to do that um due to what's happening, I was just wondering if that means more or less people are on the trails nowadays.
hmm.
young,
when
we're
almost done
tonight, man.
That's
what I wish
I had in new york city, like a little back there. That's why, you know, I'm a little envious of like California. I mean I know y'all deal with like, you know, natural occurrence and like, you know, quakes and stuff like that, but you got to have like a lawn or like, you know, like my sister, she's been grilling like sometimes part of the week or something or I would love to go camping sometimes soon. Um My sister, she sent me a link to like an article about those bioluminescent waves in California yesterday. Um
Do you know anything about that?
So they gather like that's like they got like, I didn't fully like read into it yet because I'm, I was like so little tired earlier. But like, um, it's like bioluminescent algae and they like gather at a certain time for that to happen. Oh
That's really cool.
You
know?
Um
my sister, um, she
had,
she had just moved like honestly, because last time I visited her, she was like by silver, like I think, um, but she had just moved recently and I haven't, I forget, I feel bad, but I remember her new neighborhood off the top of my head. But yeah, I just have a really good time any time I go to California,
like yeah, because like city life was cool and stuff, you know, definitely stuff constantly happening. But like one thing my sister said when she moved out there, she was just like, oh, you know, every time I come back to new york city like I feel like it's almost the same. But anyone could say that from like when like the place that they like someone from California could say about like from their little neighborhood,
I'm like travel elsewhere and be like,
yeah, we're all from the Serbian born and raised.
yeah.
um it was like work related and they just said it was her and her partner, like they just wanted to like make uh like a nice move, you know, the whole scenery, like job toys combined with like let's start a new life. So yeah.
Well I'm leaning towards something similar these days, you know, Just, yeah,
I'm
always seeking more serenity and like major
or warm weather, The cold is like brutal here honestly.
Yeah. No, for sure on. Yeah, most definitely uh
awful.
like being from New york city, I felt like the first time I went to Cali and the like son was just hitting consistently everywhere I went. Like just my my eyes were like I was just like so much sun, so like my eyes are small and I remember just like smiling the whole time just like soaking and all the sun and just being like, I don't even know where we're going, but like sounds like a great time. It's just like very eerie. It's not eerie but you know, compared, you know, it was like everyone so happy. Oh
what type of um like the other day I had, I taken a couple walks um I took one down by the river, I took one crossing um the bridge to New Jersey actually. Um And I went to a local park so I would say the most you can really do is like you can do your outside and stuff and just like maintain social distance and stuff like that. Um It's cool like you know I want my partner on the other day by the river and like we pack like some tea and like a blanket and stuff.
Yeah that's why I was asking about California because um I mean riverside like a go to place but you know like more on the weekends or at a certain time it's like hard to get all of new york city at a time enjoying all the outside stuff outside of the weekend. So yeah, I would say, I mean yeah there's people out there and stuff like there's people spread out and stuff and
it could be even more crowded for the weather, but like for sure for the fact that like a lot of people's like work schedules got infected with that definitely a lot of people out, but
I would say late, Always saying 90% of people are wearing miles. Yeah.
most definitely. I feel like
it
has
lot
of
people on it.
Yeah, like I have a reusable masks and my sister, she actually sent me from a shop out there um with a local shop and um it's good, I'm just getting used to it because I feel like just like feeling any sort of constriction on like you're breathing, you know? Probably like,
you know, just to an extent like kind of like gave me a little anxiety, I was like I got to get used to breathing in this or something, you
know,
pace out the breast and stuff. Let myself catch up before I'm just like mm. Mhm.
Yeah. I would say so because like riverside like spans like um all the way from downtown to uptown. So
I feel like people are like you know practicing social distancing and then there's like different parts of like I mean the day I went it was like the day after it had rained so it was like muddy. So
like not a lot of people online but I would say people are like maintaining social distance but then at the same time like I would say more so like social distance with strangers like versus the people they know too because I'm just like yeah like we can practice social distancing and stuff but are we really if it's like, Like a group of 10 people that we know, you know, like where do we like, cut that off? You know,
like
familiarity
versus like not understanding of someone's asymptomatic and like being in large groups and like going to other smaller groups, like I don't know,
it's scared.
Yeah, most definitely. Um because you know, like the other day, I don't know if they were having a barbecue or just like I got together when I was by river side, but I was just like, even if like you guys are all wearing mosque, you're like all 2" away from each other. And I understand it that like quarantine together, like you're doing whatever you're practicing inside outside, like, you know, might as well have that like a small group of people that you can entrust. But yeah, I've been kind of like aware of that.
Like seeing people like I'm trying not to be so judgmental, but like some people that I personally know posting on social media and they're just like, I would hear like just hanging out with everyone super normally,
but like with a mask on, but I'm like, it's not just an aesthetic, you're actually supposed to like not be that close to each other. Yeah.
for sure.
I want
to
support
export.
What?
I don't know if you're personally smoke tobacco. I personally don't. Um but I was on the line for the supermarket, this was like probably a couple weeks back and like this guy who just like pulled down his mask and like started smoking his cigarette, but this is like, this was at the point where everybody like had to be like you know six ft like there was a line outside the supermarket maybe like just 10 people but we're all six ft apart. So like the fact that like we have to like wear this bandana and like face like before we got our face mask and like you know and then like you're just trying to like limit the air and some guy starts like pulls down his mask and starts like smoking a cigarette. I was like I was like so valid but I was like I don't wanna I know everyone's stressed but like damn that's like putting stress on other people. You know I find that like a bit selfish. I'm
here for people to have their own choices in life because that will affect their body and help in the long term. But at the same time I'm just like a little selfish to like,
you
know?
possible.
No, for sure. Yeah, it's a very strange time, you know, like it makes you, there's no like movies specific for stuff like that. The closest thing we got to that is like zombie movies, but but it's just so strange like to walk out. I mean like I got, it's normalized now um like the wearing masks stuff, but like it's just insane to like to just walk out and like see like,
you know, which is like so fast how stuff changed. And I was talking to my friend who lives in Korea and she asked me like, oh like how is it out there and stuff? She was like, she was like, they're kind of already recovering. Like people are like slowly going back to work, but like they she said that they addressed the issue like sooner. And she was she was like, I'm surprised like you know that's kind of like you know really screwed up that like America and like you know the U.
S. And like major cities like new york city to like took so long to like um follow up like with like um putting these precautions and like stuff like that before it expanded and stuff. So she was like I feel bad for you all and like you know
What's the what's the away if mine still that 22 please. Okay. I was just having been good on time. We're like flowing naturally. Um I was wondering because like my I think my counter started before yours. What does the owners say?
Okay cool. So we'll just do it until that. So. Yeah,
no one almost definitely because I'm just like mindset two minutes, but I know that's like not included to let me actually like the tough then I'm a
lot
of,
I live with my mom currently, I was actually in the process of like looking to move out um like actually when was it, I was doing this in december january. Um but
I kind of feel like I dodged a bullet with that because you know, I actually work in hospitality, so the restaurant is closed indefinitely and it's like you know um can't work from home and stuff, so it just would have been like a totally unexpected thing that will happen because like thinking about like I was prepared, you know when you like move out,
you're definitely prepared about like maybe a couple months ago and security deposit and not not and you know then he had to like furnishing everything, So I was like if I had taken that partly if I had actually gotten approved for that apartment or contacted back then like that like all my money would have been in that apartment and then depending how long this would have gone like I don't know I would have just really because I'm still pending for unemployment. It's been insane um in new york city because like millions of people just files around the same time. So um I feel like it kind of dodged a bullet with that. Yeah.
I'm super ecstatic to go back to work so I've never been so eager to take someone's order. Okay I think oh my gosh I'll tell you everything about this pancake. Yeah. Yeah
I really
good
greens.
I even had a dream the other night about about waitressing. I was like so unhappy. It
was just like imagining counter.
Yeah. I even had a dream the other day that um like I saw a dish soap at the like at the at the local um like Roser and I was just so happy. I was like oh my gosh you can't find these anywhere. It was like definitely pandemic dreams are like a
number of times really weird.
Um I worked at this um like have you ever heard of like japanese souffle pancakes? It's
like the trendy thing like it's just newly introduced to America Well but like I feel like they're popularizing it more but it's like these japanese pancakes and they're like big um And they're like they're like bouncy like that's the thing about
on the plane, it should like give a little bit,
it almost
looks like something out of an animation. You know like um younger or something and it probably old but they're really good and they have like different toppings and stuff like that. Um So the place I work at is like um it was like a chain from Japan and they like so I was the first location that they did in new york city. Um There might be, there probably are some spots around California but they are going to open a spot in California soon. I don't know what the pandemic but if
slippers. Yeah so really good.
Um They have breakfast stuff but like I would say more of a focus on breakfast. Um
but I say desert like 24/7 things like you know we have people come close to closing like no like you want can't get.
they have other things like um I haven't worked in a while song trying to remember the menu. Um Let me see. Like, I'm trying to think of the savory, I think that like more savory, like dish based stuff. Like they do have like a chicken
and waffles. Like a really good. What type of fries did they have? I think,
I think
it's truffle fries, like a really good trouble price. Are you into like truffle stuff? Yeah, I think that's really good. Um Like I want some movie theater once and they had truffle butter popcorn, just so amazing.
But
yeah, that's maybe why I had a dream about working. I was like, I don't I don't remember the money right now, but
they have a mean egg Benedict. Like the finance sector is really good. Mm you know?
But
Well,
most definitely, I feel like there's a lot of trendy videos about it and even were filmed while I was working, so maybe maybe I'm in it. I don't know. My
mom.
Yeah I have a sister and a brother. Uh You
and
your
feelings. What's up?
Oh he's in um Washington.
D. C. Yeah. Do you have any siblings?
Oh that's nice. Do they live in California? So are you all born and raised in California?
wait you um did you go outside of California?
Oh that's
three months in New Jersey before let's say it. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah Bernie Green. I actually yeah like I mentioned the other
day I just took a walk to you know what the George Washington bridge is?
so I just I just took a walk across the bridge. But yeah like that leaves you until like four years, I don't remember. But um
it was a nice walk definitely felt like I was out of new york city. Mhm.
hope.
So
No more stuff. And then we yeah, I think today, I mean I feel like y'all have been experiencing good weather for a while. Um But today like it seems like summer like real summary in new york city like
yeah, it was still kind of chilly last week, but the other day, like I had worn a like a thicker layer
and I was like, no, I'm actually like, you know, I'm tripping for wearing this, it's so hot out and now today it's like I wore this little cardigan and I took it off like I was just like no, like the sun was hitting my back and working things out so it's kind of insane how that progressed.
But Yeah.
No, for sure. Um Were you reading something right now?
Or
No.
my gosh, thank you. I mean like I'm sure like, you know, you know how like your efforts and like services valuable and like but they should be doing so much more for y'all like personally
the door of the system. All these things like I feel like there has to be like pay increases or promote, I don't know, something has to be done besides the casual like thank you and like making noise for you all I like so
yeah, because y'all
are doing the work. People are scared of right now, but it is necessary to
Of
course.
you
know
It's like consistently been congratulated for your job but never getting a promotion. You're like okay but I still get paid X. An hour just like you so.
exactly. Like your boss constantly telling you how awesome your on her thanks. Uh know for sure that you're gonna have to give you guys like a very long vacation. I don't know, I hope something or so.
Um It was nice talking. Where's the counter? Not because I'm about I'm
excited to go out and stuff. What's the counter at?
Okay cool. I'm not just fill out the survey then it was nice meeting
you take care
of her.
Maybe I'll bump into in California