Hi there. Hi, how
are you doing?
Yes I can. Can you hear me? Good?
Perfect. How's your day been?
Yeah, I my husband uses zoom all the time. He's um he's going to law school and he's online now. I almost never use it. I work in a bank and so were essential and we have been in person the whole time so I'm not like as used to it, I have some meetings on zoom but I know a bit more than like the people I work with. And um we had our first uh meeting via zoom with a couple of new people to it on this last week. And oh my gosh the troubleshooting especially for some people who are you know like over a certain age um like trying trying
to get them on it and then people kept dropping off and they're like we're getting this little, it's like a little caution sign and I was like yeah or you know the internet connection is not good enough so it's gonna drop sometimes and yeah, I think that that's been like one of the bigger challenges this year is like technology for people who have not done video calls before. It's been a little bit painful.
that
is
name
I
it definitely could be like to see how people are interacting when there are issues. Like I know that they measure like your positive and negative feelings, maybe they're trying to see if there are more negative feelings after, if it was a particularly challenging technologically um conversation, but I don't know. Um so
you said you've been working from home for a long time, so has the whole pandemic really changed things for you for work?
Here.
definitely. Yeah,
so I manage a bank and um
yep, yep, so you know things have been, we actually just announced today that we're going to be closing our lobbies again um in next Wednesday. So we went, we closed our lobbies in March and we were we open them back up in july and we've had them open now since july. Yeah, we close an hour early because we have to like sanitize every surface. Um but we keep the drive through open, but um yeah, now we're going back to closing them because I live in the midwest and
Okay, so I mean how how bad are things in Kentucky right now?
Well and
actually
like there have been some studies now that have shown that like air travel is really not one of the places where people are getting covid um you know, like it's at restaurants and it's at bars and social engagements. But yeah, I think I've been, I would say like if I had to give myself a grade per like CDC recommendations I'd say I'd give myself a solid c I'm like I'm not great, I'm not terrible. Um But you know I have a group of friends that I get together with somewhat regularly. There's there's only um Like five or 6 of us, but it's four different households. Um You know but most of us work and had to work the whole time. There's a couple other people that work at banks. Um someone that works at I. T. For printer company and like our thinking has kind of been I'm going to be exposed to other people because of my job. You know I think it makes sense to still regularly see the same group of people but then you know I'm not going to visit my grandma this year for thanksgiving or christmas because like it's too high of a risk and I haven't been good, so, you know, and I, you know, luckily I don't have any kids to care for or any parents to care for, but but it does suck too, like we're not going to go see my husband's family this year because there's too many people who are older and more at risk and you know, like we went to a wedding two weeks ago.
goodness.
You
have the risk versus reward, there's really high, whereas like for me, I'm relatively young, I don't have a lot of risk factors, you know, and I actually was presumed positive back in May when um in Minnesota, you couldn't be tested um if you did not live in a health care facility or a long term care facility or if you weren't a member of um like a medical staff. So at the
time,
you know
testing
was
limited.
So um I was presumed positive and I have been antibody tested so I have antibodies and of course
you know
you
don't
right. Yeah. Like they don't know that that protects you forever, but Yeah.
You
know.
Yeah. Exactly. So you know, we're just gonna be sensitive to that this year for the holidays and and you know, just kind of hope for vaccines and thanks to get better towards the spring
fingers crossed. So um would you feel comfortable telling me about what you do for a living?
no.
gosh. That's
I know.
We're seeing a lot of that kind of thing that um it reaches a lot of people that you know, their income hasn't been totally taken away, but it's been drastically impacted
the
bill by the state more higher. Like my electricity bill from this summer for my husband being at home all the time was ludicrous. Like I can't even I mean he likes the temperature to be pretty darn cold,
so that doesn't
help. But I mean God like the food bills, the electricity bill, we had to upgrade our internet to sustain zoom better. Um They're all so much higher and you know it it's tough. Is.
interesting.
Okay. I mean I love that because I love doing speech to text but it does not always understand me, especially the word comma, I don't know if I say it wrong, but every time it's like common, I
don't
think I was wrong accent, but
I don't have a Fargo accent unless I've been like drinking a lot and then like my A's and owes started to get pretty long. Um
But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I'm never that but and like I went to college in southern Illinois and like that's far enough south that they have some twang.
Um Do you, You probably don't know where it is but Jacksonville
Illinois?
Um It's actually not too far from Springfield Illinois. Yeah, it's
more
central.
no.
no that's
um yeah that's a couple hours from from
Springfield
Illinois.
Yeah. Yeah. Well my husband's from ST louis actually. Um So like his families like like they say Missouri instead of Missouri. Yeah
and then saying
a little bit of like water and like things like that so um they say howdy instead of high.
fine,
Well
I
do too. Like my uncle who's from up here in Minnesota, he he thinks I have an accent. And then like in Illinois where I went to college, they think I have an accent. Um But nobody ever thinks it's like exactly where I'm from. So I have no, I I and personally, I don't think I have one.
Oh yeah, like for me, Kentucky's Kentucky, like, I know I have a really good friend, he's from Kansas city and so like, I know Kansas city is its own thing.
Rights.
But Exactly, yeah, and she, I mean she has some accent. Um it's not not like super strong, but she definitely says, y'all and she even like types it, which to me is fun.
Yeah, no, I like, I think for like Minnesota things, like I do, I do say enough to, which is like the Minnesota,
it's totally Minnesota
words.
Hi,
how are you pregnant? That's like not very far from where I live.
suburbs around the twin cities.
Oh that's funny. Um Yeah, Nafta is like a very Minnesota word. It's like, oh I've a or like, like it's like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And people
sell
it different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like for me, like when I think about it, I think like U. F. F. D. A. Like that's enough to to me, but then like I have a cousin that that doesn't like 00 T. F. A. For F. T. I don't even like every time she types that. And like that's not how you spell up to
like that's
just not right.
Um And like when I went to college in Illinois and I'd be like, oh to they'd be like what, like what did what word did you just say? Um And then the other like very Minnesota thing is um growing up you play duck duck
now in Minnesota here you play duck duck. Gray duck.
it's
you know like you go you go around the circle and you'd be like yellow duck, green duck, orange duck, and then you tap grey duck, and then you'd run
in
Minnesota
is the
only state where you play duck, Duck. Gray duck instead of
duck. Duck goose.
Yeah, when we were first moving up here, my husband called me and I remember this so well I was in a Walgreens and he called me, we had just decided we're going to move up here from Illinois where we went to college. And um he was like I can't move to Minnesota, and I was like what, why like we we've
gotten
rid of our lease and everything, like what's going on? And um and he was like, I just found out that they play duck duck and I was like yeah, Radack and he was like not you too, there was like yes, like duck, duck gray because the right game. So those are the Minnesota ISMs
That's
funny.
That's waiting for us. I know up here like in Minnesota they call it pop, and in other places
they call it soda um My husband calls it soda pop because that's what he does actually, sometimes he calls it Sodi and I hate
that one. Can't
stand it.
Yeah, No. Oh man, I don't like that one.
I'm
afraid
that
I
don't get it going.
no,
that's not what I want. Um So you're a fan of bourbon,
you're from Kentucky. Yes, my husband's gotten super into bourbon and I really want to plan a trip to go to Lexington
and. Yes, and actually I wanted to go to um Rail Bird Festival. Um it's like a kind of newer um they do like bluegrass and rock music and it was, it had happened once last two years ago and then I was supposed to happen this summer and um I really wanted to go to that,
but
um I want to say it was in, where was it? Okay, I'm gonna google it, I don't know if we're supposed to do that, but
Rail Bird Festival, it
took
place in Lexington on the grounds of Finland.
that's where it was and like they had a bunch of our favorite bands that we're gonna be playing there and
you know, and then we can do like the bourbon tours and like go to four roses and
to each one. Yeah,
I and I figured it would, and I'm like, I like bourbon when you use it to make other things like sauces and stuff like that, but
I'm like, I can't
drink it.
But um yeah, like I really want to take him and do that because he does love bourbon.
And yeah, that didn't happen this year because, you know, thank you corona. But we did do some other things. We did um We went to um have you ever been to uh the Ozarks in Missouri?
it's
fun
every time I tell people that we went through this summer and they're like, oh, I've seen that show. Um
We
fun. Um Yeah, we have a good family friend that like has a lake house there and uh we wouldn't stay there and it's, you know, only like two hours from where my husband's family is from. So like we went and stayed at the lake house and then we went visited his family and uh yeah like we weren't too too good, but we went to some distilleries and that kind of fun
stuff. It was and you know it wasn't a terribly bad covid vacation because we went to a part like, I mean the Ozarks are huge and some parts are ridiculously rural, like they don't have some of the places don't even have landline phones like they are, so
you
don't
have any
access,
yep.
bed
no.
Right. Yeah, I mean it is stuff we were supposed to do a couple other things like we've been planning to go to Vegas and um that was supposed to be in March and then everything got shut down in March, so we didn't do that. And um we were supposed to go to this uh that festival in Kentucky in august and that got canceled and um but then you know okay well now we have all this free vacation time so we did you know like road trips and things like that we did when we went to Missouri we flew and Delta rerouted us from it was a Minneapolis to ST louis and instead they took us Minneapolis to Atlanta to ST louis and
it's
awful.
Yeah. Well and like if if we would have well and we tried cancelling our flights with Delta actually because we're very midwestern and we're like it's only a nine hour drive and um
you know my husband hates flying anyway so but
we couldn't
get a hold of Delta on the phone at all to cancel our flights. So we ended up taking these stupid flights, it took us 8.5 hours. Um They were some of the worst flights I've ever had and the whole time I was just like I could have been driving, I could have been driving and I had my music and I wouldn't be dealing with you people like
I.
You.
That
well exactly. That was part of the challenge too because my husband also smokes and so like being in airports for eight hours with him without cigarettes. Uh
You know he's lucky he made it out alive because I could have killed him. Uh Yeah and like Atlanta you used to there used to be spot
in
Atlanta
you can
smoke.
and
you couldn't.
Absolutely.
I'm told like we've gone back to visit his family once since the trip and we we drove, I was just, I was not about to, I mean the flight is nice, it's only like an hour flight. Um And usually from Minneapolis to ST louis is a straight flight, there's never any problems, but I was like, nope, they're gonna take me through Atlanta again and I do not want to do that.
my
goodness,
Oh gosh. No. Yeah.
Right. Well at least there's that any other trips planned the rest of this year.
Area.
Yeah. All right then. Maybe it'll get better. Well that stings.
Well we're supposed to have a baking weekend and like an early thanksgiving with my mom and my dad and uh my siblings and nobody in that group is really at risk. Um You know my parents are They're pretty young, my mom just turned 50 last year, so they're not really at high risk. Um yeah,
well
Right, well my mom did to uh I'll be 30 in December, so,
Yeah and like my mom wants to do a big thing for my birthday, but I'm just kind of like uh I don't know that that's gonna work out and you
know, we have
no idea what things are. Yeah, we don't know what's gonna look like in december, I mean it's no remember and things are pretty bad right now, but that's the only thing I think that we have planned for the rest of the year form, then we'll just have to see where it goes. Yeah, so I don't know if you have a timer going.
I think we did. I had one on my phone but then my battery is bad on my phone and it just died.
Yeah. I think we I'm pretty confident that we're good. But it's been very nice to talk to you
and
Danny.
All right. Thank you, Jamie. Well, you have a great night and hopefully work picks up pretty soon. Yeah.
Thank you.
Have
a good night.