Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Great. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Great. Okay. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Got me. Mhm. What's working? Yeah. Yeah. Look, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I look at it, thanks. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. I Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. All right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay.
I'm
good. Hold on. Let me get my hair. I want to get my earbuds into shoot. Mhm. Sometimes I have trouble hearing, but this time I was like, I don't know if it's just going to echo or what? Can you hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you good.
It's good. I'm actually surprised because I've tried to do this thing on prolific like twice now and the first time it wasn't functional like at all. And even yesterday like we could kind of hear and see each other but there was a major delay. But I used zoom and I used zoom and Skype and stuff a lot for work and I never had problems and so you're coming through like normal so I'm like oh this is good.
No I know
Well and I work from home like 100% since 2016 and even probably five years before that like half the time. And so like I was working from home even when I still like DSL which was definitely trying and so now like everybody else is kind of like getting on my level so that's cool but like
it's
hard
but like I said I've tried
I mean the last couple of, I've tried to do one of these like the last two days and both them like all of us agreed. One girl as a college student and the other one was a guy that also work from home. We're like I swear are my wifi is good. Everything always works. It's just not working out. So I think that was part of the study. I don't know.
Uh huh.
Kind of yeah. It kind of has slowed down because there's a lot more people like trying to jump onto like certain contracts that I have and stuff and so there's not as much available work. But then also I'm trying to care for like parents
and stuff that can't get out as much though.
What do you what do you do for work?
You said you were to make,
I'm gonna ask where you live. I'm in Kentucky. So
there worse than they should be. Like the I feel like our governor has a really good handle on it. But the states surrounding us particularly Tennessee because we're about 45 minutes from Nashville. They're just like, no, that's no big deal. And then, and so then we have people here that commute back and forth and whatever. And I have done some traveling during like the pandemic, but my monk kind of tried to give me crap. It's more like, I feel way, way more at risk going into walmart here than I ever did in the airport or in any other town that I've been to because they're actually
strict
aren't.
And I get that. Let's see that part of my problem is like with my dad's family, my dad is one that has cancer and had like
a lobe of the lung removed a few years ago. And I honestly, I know that if he wasn't so at risk, he would probably be one of those, It's like, oh, it's no big deal. It's a bad blue whatever. But I know that he's also smart and he's like, hey, if I'm wrong about this, I could die. So I'm not going to
risk it
back
when
testing
was
still
limited. Yeah.
So
you
already
had it then. Yeah.
And
you don't
know if you're carrying it in on your shoes to family or whatever to like I might be immune, but it doesn't mean it's not on my hands or my clothes or my suitcase, you know?
we can hope.
Uh Yeah. Well for the most part, like I test and tweak algorithms, like it's pretty boring. Like I have several, I'm an independent contractor, so I'm on paper like self employed, but I have Before Corona had about seven contracts and a lot of them are on hold and some of them had ended now that there's just so much going on. The whole environment of everybody working from home has changed. And then one of them just was like, oh, we don't have to pay you guys as much anymore because there's all these other people, like I have a degree,
you know, I have a degree, I've worked in this, I trained for the job, like kind of stuff. But now it's like, oh, there's other people that have degrees higher than you. They will do it for less money than you and like, and what,
what, what can I do about that? But it's
most,
And the bills are the same or
worse.
I
do.
It is. So, yeah, that's uh, like I said, I test and tweak algorithms like um, some of its like search engine evaluation and like data annotation. I have like a linguist contract where I basically go in and I guess I guess just like tweak the, I'm trying to think of the words for without breaking like India's, but I go in and kind of weak things that like if you do like a speech to text type thing, I'm going in and tweaking what was picked up incorrectly and
correcting it to the right prompt. So
Yeah. And a lot
of times
you don't, when you said midwest, I was thinking, okay, Missouri and then you said Minnesota and I was like, wait, I know people from Minnesota, you don't sound like you're from there.
My
roommate, my roommate is from Canada. She's from Toronto. So
Where in southern Illinois?
Maybe
where, what's that close to?
I mean, how far
is
that from like Indianapolis maybe? About
six hours?
Like?
Well that's
what's going to say.
I mean once you're past Chicago, unless you're going to Ohio, like India is the next big town India or ST louis.
friends
that lived there,
they say how to hear also Kentucky. But like you said like, people don't, my mom's from Ohio and her family is german even though
like my dad is like super countries like you said, unless I'm like really drinking, I don't really sound like I'll say like I'm fixing to go to the store instead of, I'm about to go to the store. Um and probably I say y'all sometimes,
but like I would, but the thing is, even when I'm in a good way, I moved further south, like I went to college in Alabama, then I lived in Georgia and then I moved to Nashville when I was done there before I moved back home closer to family. And so in theory, but I always get the like, you're not from around here
are you can think
well, when I went to high school for a couple of years in Lexington, which is like two hours from where I live now, which has been bowling green and even then they're like, oh, you're from like redneck country, blah, blah, blah. And I'm just like, you realize everywhere else in the country groups Kentucky the same, right?
It's different in Kansas, just like Oklahoma city is a little different than Oklahoma, but really
it's not, it's not,
I type it to you right.
I have no doubt. I
have an extra,
I have an ex boyfriend from Minnesota, he's from New Brighton, I don't know
where
we graduated, Him and his sister graduated from there, so yeah,
I don't know, I've never been there, but he's lived here. I've been here, so it's like 10 years, so
He just
says,
He's
literally
typed like 00F like just in all that like, like okay.
Booth
What is the great deck of coups or you just
call her?
Oh, I'm
kind
of here
though.
That's
super cute though.
I
think
Oh, I'm trying to think that what was it that I had a boss here in Bowling green? That was from Maryland And I wish I could think of what it was that he used to get so mad when we said it and it wasn't even really a southern thing and it would come to me like 10 minutes after we're off here. But it was just one of those, I can't, it was one of those like come again or I beg your pardon? Kind
of things and I don't remember what the phrase is now if you said something
and I caught you wrong, I feel like I would just say it. But now I can't think of what it was because his name is Brett my old boss and he ate it. It's so bad.
No.
The
south,
if they call it soda, they call it soda pop.
No my mom, so my mom is from like the Cleveland area and so they always called it pop and they would make fun of me like in the south south like we just call it coke. Like if you what
kind
of coat
do you want, you want? Sprite, you want
dr pepper.
And so coke is like all sodas coke, but I just call it soda and I don't even really drink soda but like because normally if I do it's like actually just like a club soda, like I like sparkling water so it's like I just want like a bourbon and soda and they give me a bourbon and coke, just like
no, no no, no.
Yeah, I'm from Kentucky
on the bourbon
Where
is that?
I don't care.
That's
good.
Okay. I used to live like walking distance from Keelin when I lived up there. Yeah.
Well that's
I was gonna say there's not a lot of bourbon tours in Lexington, if you're gonna do a bourbon tour, you have to devote a day to it because it's a lot like our drive to each of them.
Mhm
bourbon
balls,
you can make the easiest bourbon balls like.
No.
I haven't I have friends that I told you have some friends in Missouri and they were actually like army friends from when I lived in Georgia but there from that area and moved back there and so they go like every weekend. But I've never been. But I watched I watched
the
show,
I
knew what it was before the show. Well honestly from where the weird friend grows but. Mhm.
that's
Well that's
how
the
mountains
are in Kentucky. Like a lot of places don't have running water there still in well water or generators or whatever. Yeah but like you were saying on the vacation so my best friend's husband, we had planned a His 40th birthday was this may over memorial day weekend. So last year we started planning a
trip was like the eight of us to Miami well in the world shut down. It was like
we already have our reservation so let's just go like the beaches were closed when we were there. And it's like well even if we end up having a really expensive pool party like we can still say that we went and that's exactly what happened like and I've been to the beach twice this year and having stepped foot in the sand. I'm just spent the time in my room like very expensive party.
But they were trips there already planned and I could you know it's like I might as well just go while work is slow and whatever.
I feel like every delta flight goes through Atlanta at least when I've flown delta I would have to go through Atlanta anyway. But so
when I went
to Miami I was with American and it was when we booked a flight it was supposed to be a 90 minute non, like. but I went from Nashville two. Mhm Nashville to philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale and then had to get a lift in Miami and then going back, I had to get an Uber to Fort Lauderdale and then they flew into Chicago and back to Nashville. So I literally went coast to coast Like twice in five days.
Okay,
I love
flying,
That's how
I felt about my American flights. I'm like, I got home and I had so much to catch up on. I was like, I just went through 15 hours of like airport hell, like please
let me just relax. So why I went on a girls trip in september, we were actually planning to go to Vegas, but as it got closer we were like, okay, they're having like a huge surge and whatever and we're like we'll just go two blocks because it's mostly like elderly people and we know that there are strict about it all there. And so we went ahead and went there um And it was the same though, it was Delta and it was actually a great flight there. I did have a connecting flight in Atlanta, but both the flights for like an hour long, it was not bad at all. But coming back we were going to have like a seven hour layover and we can drive home from Atlanta in six hours. So we just rented a car and left are we flew from biloxi to Atlanta and then just yeah, hop in the car because it's like we can stop and eat, we can p we don't have to wear masks. I smoked cigarettes and she smoked sometimes. So it was like you can
do whatever you want to
baby
You have
to
go all
the way
outside. That would
wanna
when we knew we had the lay over there coming home we're like well screw we have plenty of time, let's go smoke and then we can eat and then we can wait and then we get out there and we're like we still have six hours to go. And the car real place was like 100 yards down. It's like let's just bring a car drive home. I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want
to go back inside.
Well that was like coming back from Miami. It was supposed to be like a 90 minute flight from Miami To Nashville. Which I still live about 45 minutes to an hour from Nashville depending on traffic. But like I had friends, they live in Memphis and they drove And they were home like five hours before I was, you
know,
and it was one of those like I could literally, when I lived in Georgia it took me 12 hours to drive to Miami and I lived fixed hours from there. But I literally could have driven home in the time I spent in the airport
but I was able to sleep on the plane at least.
Um I don't know, it's kind of been there. I still have two sets of plane tickets in limbo for trips that I had to cancel. So I was like I actually looked at rebooking 11 of my best friends lived in charleston but she passed away a few years ago. Her husband, his his 40th birthday was in April. And so we were supposed to go. But then he also has he has room to an apparatus. So he's very strict about that. He's on immuno suppressants and stuff. He's very
conscious of everything. And so but now he's like when you come to visit, go ahead captain the plane tickets and I'm like I looked at it because they were southwest tickets and it's going to cost like three. Even with my credit, it cost like three times as much to read book. I'm like they just upped the prices. They were like yeah you can use them anytime in the next year and I priced them like for every month in the next year and it's going to cost me as much as it costs for the original tickets even with the credit. So I'm just like waiting for everything to crash again and the booking.
Do you guys have you have like more trips planned?
I was like my parents
are 56 but I'm old. They had me young so.
well okay I'll be I'm 36.
sky
party.
I do. It's on the other thing but I just looked at the clock and I was like I think we hit our time.
Oh I have one going on the other screen but it's not really, it didn't it's not showing up now so.
Yes. What was your name
again?
Danny? I'm Jamie.
stay safe too.
Thanks.
Bye.