Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Actually Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Hello? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. People. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you Detective. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. And it has been for you 50. Okay. Actually yeah mm. Could be yeah. What attractions special? Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Hey how are you?
Pretty good. I was wondering if you were going to show up or not?
Oh that happened to me the first time where the blue said click here didn't work. So yeah. So then I, I got smart and copied and pasted it though. Yeah. Coach, I give you two different links. Why? I don't know. But I had the generic
Yeah. And then uh, what I did, I messed up pretty bad. I went and was
reading the instructions and I said, well let me click the next button down the bottom and I did that. And then it said, how many minutes are you and your partner talking about the link that need to work, you know? So how
many
of these have fun.
Hey, it's mine too. That's pretty cool. Yeah, California on, on monday. Where you at?
I've
spent 35 years in Maryland. I'm in Arkansas right now. What part of Maryland then?
Okay. Yeah, I spent a lot of time in on and Randall county. So a small bit of time in Howard County.
Yeah, 25 years ago. It's been a while and I lived on
easter
or Yeah, I lived on eastern sure for a couple of years. Mostly around glen burnie in Baltimore city. Yeah.
Born with
very isn't the Baltimore city I remember, you know.
Yeah, they had some some show on HBO about drug dealers in Baltimore city, I forget what it was called. It was a series uh you know five shows or something and I was looking at the streets and I said well I remember that ST well remember that street and they were all boarded up, no one was living there and I said the whole place is gone, what the heck is going on, you know? Because
we just
said
that yeah, we used to sit down on the steps and everything and now there's nothing I said. Whoa that's bad. Where?
Uh huh. No, never heard of that. You know
when
I was gonna borrow when I was in Barmer was Pollak johnny. So I don't know if he's around and jacks, corn beef on corn beef
row and Lexington market. Have you ever been there?
Really? That old? I am old in my 60s you know?
I
know.
All
Yeah. I used to go to Lexington market for lunch when I worked on Charles Street. I will walk there and I did half of fried chicken. Okay. And two pieces of bread and it was a dollar 80. Yeah. Oh well.
yep. I got relatives in Maryland. I got a son in glen burnie and I got
two grandkids, ones in Baltimore County and and essex and I'm not sure what the other ones living. So have you always lived in Maryland?
Yeah. I left the country one time. Tell it went to Canada official with my grandfather and that was it you know?
No my grandfather had a cabin on a on a wake up there and and and then he had trailer down in florida. So in winter he went to florida fishing and then in the summary go to Canada you know? So What
I was 12
years
old.
Yeah you got to go with gramps for a week fishing wherever he was. You know I wound up in Canada and I thought was weird up when I was in the store picking up stuff like the cereal box half of it was written in french you know? And I thought you know but now look at it nowadays you pick up stuff in the store and it's like press one for english you know you're looking into so yeah,
What?
Yeah, I'm sorry. That may not interrupt the cabin you were asking
about?
they
had
back
then. They
have
an outfit.
yeah, they had electricity in the boat, had a motor, you know, we didn't have. Yeah. So cool.
Cause the lake, it was 300 ft deep and you can take a cup and put it right over side of the boat, drink water right out of the lake. I thought
that
was me. Yeah,
I
tried them.
doing that now. Taking your cup and drinking out or something. Never.
I was there before. They felt that
I love them. Before they built all that. Yeah.
Used
available.
Yeah, they got some now, but before it was a parking
lot
basically and, and peers
and all the homeless people hung out the piers, stuff like that because one year I
sold christmas trees out of the parking lot there where we're Camden yards. Is that it was just a big old part. Yeah. And I was getting, I was getting a dollar christmas treats and that was below minimum
wage.
I don't know, wage was a dollar 65 but I was hard up. I took the job for a dollar an hour, you
know, Long
Island. Yeah. Yeah. My
name's rick all the way.
chris,
yeah. I got a Christopher and I got a son in law named Christopher. So that's pretty good
name.
folks in your catholic,
were they?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, because like our folks were Catholics that they give everybody like perfect catholic names like Christopher, john, that's how you say Christopher, you john, you know, and
to me it's
just grip.
that's it. Or, or you know when mom is mad at you, she throws in the middle name. You know
like
I'm
when mom was mad, you know. Yeah. And my wife, my second wife that I had now when we got married, she had some boys and she had chris, which I was talking about and she had paul, josh and nick. So like once you get mad, it would be christmas john it would be Joshua out. It would be Nicholas, David and then it would be paul, I trust it. You didn't give paul middle name? She said his middle name is anna Sloss. I said, oh my Lord, no wonder you didn't do a people around, you know? So
Yeah. You said that your second one, Who'd you talk to on the person? Could you hear me?
There you go.
beats
watch
something.
Watch some Youtube videos. How's that?
That will give you at least ahead. Hey, you're,
you're
went out. Yes. Yeah, I hear you just fine.
You see
me?
yeah. All I see is our silhouette.
no. I don't know if I worry about it or not. Well maybe they need it. I don't know. They had
yeah, they had a link there that said, if you need to get back to it so we need to get back to this thing. Yeah. I don't know.
Hey,
there you are. Got, yeah. Hey, my father didn't know Jack about fishing and he took me when I was a kid and since I was a kid, I didn't know that. He didn't know what he was doing. So you'll be, we
didn't, now when I got older, I knew my father didn't have a clue because I remember when we were kids were fishing and I didn't catch nothing and neither did
my father, but the guy on the other side of the river was catching all kind
of stuff. So that should have gave me a clue back when I was a child that my father didn't
know what
he was doing. So if you take the first thing you should tell them is sometimes fishing, you don't catch anything. Okay. What it's about relaxing and everything else.
So I will work that there's all kind of place in Maryland to go fishing, you know?
Uh, and some have buttons and some are called open
faced
reels
and some are, are different like deep sea rods don't have buttons. So you'd happen what you were doing? Go out with a kid that
was
inscribed,
you'll be
fine.
Where are you going to, what they got? How did you find out about this job? On prolific.
Yeah. You don't make any money
on swag
bucks
now. I've been doing great work for five or 6 years, so you don't make any more.
Yeah. Do you do enter?
Oh well it could be, you're looking at the wrong
hits, you
know, I mean seriously, you know, you've got to have qualifications of certain
things. Um but I've been on there for years and it was quite a learning curve for me so I can understand where you'd be frustrated, but I never make more than 50 bucks a day
on it, you know? Well Yes, some days I got like, well there was a couple of times I got a couple of $90 jobs. Um, but that's,
you don't
know what you're doing there, any practice, you know? Yeah, But 11, it's a lot easier. And uh my pay plan with prolific, I get instant payout so I didn't cash out at any time and it goes right to my Paypal account, which is good because a lot of these sites you work for, you sometimes gotta wait a month. Uh I've got a lot of work and sometimes you can never get paid. So I was doing the serious ones, you know where I know if I was going to do something, at least I get paid for it, you
know, So it was pretty good. So stick with them if you can,
you
know.
Yeah, yeah. I let me look here for a second. Let me look prolific. I'll tell you how many jobs I did now I'm giving you an example waiting for the load up here And I'll never have one rejection. I've done 1725 jobs for prolific. I had a rejection. My 1st 100 jobs I did for for enter was typing uh yeah, Typing up a receipt or something. I forget it was for a company called P nine are it was a doctor stuff but
I got I got, yeah, like uh schedules and our way and stuff like that for two and three cents and a penny. I got 35 rejections. Uh
and that was that was five years ago. Today I got, let me look at my amazon here to this day To the stag got
40 rejections.
Our
critical
yeah, we're grateful. You know, don't do those jobs for this company for a scent or two and get the
rejection,
you know, uh I said it's a learning curve, you know.
Yeah, you only have the one child. One boy.
Well no,
I can give you can give you some advice because
I got six kids. one kid Look, one kid is perfect the minute you get two kids or more at a fight and it could be over anything and it's all
the time,
all the time. But don't worry about the child. Man's fold, worried about yourself. Word are now fighting over everything. Like he's touching me. Oh yeah, yeah. And just stupid stuff. You know, uh, my kids would come to me and said you like such and such better than me. And I said, no, I don't, I hate all of you. You know green, you know, so I have the one child and and enjoy them and try to teach them not to make the same stupid mistakes
that
we made.
You know, I was, that's what parents are supposed to do. And then if they listen, then it's on them. If they don't, it's on them, you know I told my kids I'll try to give you good advice, you can take it or leave it, I'll never give you any bad voice, you know? So uh I'm just trying to be a better dad than my dad was because the hebrew and never gave me any voice, you know?
But I mean that was back then,
you
know
in the in the fifth uh
and then you know, oh thank I know they're different nowadays, you know, you got to watch what you say, People get
mad,
you know? Yeah looking at I wasn't really looking at anything but you know, nice to meet you, you know seriously, you know, you know, I'm used to hold the door open for the next guy that comes in, Yeah, people just let the door slam in your face now and yeah and and it used to bother me, but now I'm like, hey,
that's
just
life,
you
know?
man, it was really, it was really good talking to you, but we're supposed to talk, let's see another three or four minutes. I don't mind, you know, and I think I think you got to six of these Is what the instructions said. So I'm gonna try to sign up for another one old fellow. I was talking to 10, he was from California. So you know with all the news about the wildfires, I was asking him about that, he said he's in a spot that don't have the wildfires, but the reason he was doing this on prolific and amazon and all because he's a photographer and his business went in the toilet with all this virus for, you know, people aren't having weddings and and birthday gatherings and all that. He was trying to do some extra and he said, I'm gonna give you example now, see you live in Maryland. So I'm sure you've been on a crap, it'll beltway up. There are
69 and sometimes traffic and it don't move at all. He said it's like that in California and he gave me an example, he went and did a photography job, something, birthday party or something saturday and he said, usually it takes four hours to get there because of the traffic jam. He said he drove down to, which is the normal time if there's no traffic. He said to the virus is keeping everybody
off
the
road. So more and more, yeah, trying to work from home at all. So I kind of felt sorry
for him,
you
know?
Well yeah, if you live in California, I don't mean to keep interrupting you. If if you live in California, like, like your house, you're living in might be two or 300,000 barrels. It's 600,000 in California. That's how much the prices are. You know, I mean, you need a lot of money just to survive in there. You know, I'm out here in Arkansas, you don't need anything out here. Oh, It's 80° today on the outside of the tent, you know? So, I mean, that's just the cost of living in California
is ridiculous.
Well, Maryland dirt
uh, caused 11 way
up,
you know. Yeah, I used to live on the eastern shore. Writer should come across the bay bridge on Kent island. It's a live right near an island and uh, there was nobody there. You know, we could do what we wanted. The property was dirt cheap. You go to kenya and now and, and you need a co signer and a couple extra
family
members of people. Uh wow this don't look like when I was here. You know, I mean. Really? So, so you don't do the swag bucks. You're not gonna make any money on the swag bucks. You're not,
yeah, write this down. Go to Brandon there like uh used to be called meant bind. I always made at least $20 a month from them and they pay through paypal.
No B. R. N. D. E. D. Like like if you brand somebody branded it used to be called, you know, go there and sign up. Um I've only have one rejection from them out of, I could look it up about 10,000
jobs, but I always get at least 20 or $25 a month from them. And you know that that
adds up. You know, then I do some idea of stuff for Microsoft um every morning uh you got three things to do, you got a daily poll, you gotta vote on something, just click yes or no, and then then the middle one is like some quiz for four answers or 10 answers like who won the World series last year kind of stuff, you know? And then the last one you just click on, it gives you the word of the day or some. And um when you get so much they give you a choice of gift cards you can cash in. So I just cashed in on catching this ain't the one, I don't know where the gift
card
thing is, but I got 25 hours at Walmart, so you know, oh yeah, It didn't cost anything except about two minutes every morning clicking
on it, you
know?
Yeah, I take you quite a while, like it took me maybe six months or something. It's just
I got into it and won a Microsoft. And then uh I was doing it for christmas cards, but then I got hard up, you know, I need that
25
hours or something
else.
Uh I know it was there, you know, and when I went and redeemed it, it was instant like five minutes later, the gift card
was in my my uh yeah, I like this, you know,
That's
cool. I don't have the planning and okay, we're talking about if you wanna talk some more.
I don't care.
It was nice meeting you chris and good luck with your son, okay? And take my advice, you know, just go out there and pretend like you know what you're doing fishing,
you
know there All right, you take care of yourself.
Bye bye.