Yeah. Hi. Yeah, I'm not quite sure what we're supposed to talk about for 25 minutes.
No.
I am in p a pennsylvania.
Yes, yes, I am about a half hour outside of Pittsburgh Cry,
Yeah, sure. It's a little bit different up here than it is done here. I'm sure it's probably still about 80° or so where you live?
that,
jeez, that's not good. Yeah,
I
mean
it Right.
Yeah, we actually just moved a couple months ago. So, um, and we're like out in the country and all the leaves, like my one window, it's just all orange and yellow and red. It's actually really beautiful. I don't
know if the leads, I don't know if the leaves change very much where you are.
I'm sure.
It's
mhm, What is it in here? Let me see. Oh well it's 58 outside right now,
is
it?
What?
I don't think I could deal with the heat in the summer, the 95°.. I had a girlfriend who um are two little ones were in preschool together and they had moved down to Florida and She was saying it's like 95 all the time. Like how do you deal with,
I can't
too hot for me, I just I can't deal with it. Um You know, and we don't have hurricanes up here, which is nice, so
Um I mean we get storms and stuff come through like when you guys get the hurricane and in the front kind of moves up north will get, you know, a few hours of heavy rain or whatever, but it's not anywhere nearer like
what you
experienced.
Me.
Oh
wow.
the only experience I ever had was with a hurricane was probably, it was about three years ago we went to Disney
and I think it was with Irma. I want to say it was a bad one. And we actually had to leave a day early because they were evacuating everybody. And my brother and his wife got stuck at the Animal Kingdom lodge for like an extra four days Because they didn't like it. And we drove down and it took us like about 15 or 16 hours when we went down, which is normal. It took us over 24 hours to drive him and we pretty much drips straight, I think we stopped for maybe an hour to take a nap, but the traffic was just incredible. Uh huh.
Thanks.
that's
shame.
Seven days.
And
what do you do with all of your stuff in the refrigerator? I mean, I would assume you lose everything.
I can imagine, I can imagine. Yeah, I mean we get snow up here in the winter, but that's really the only thing different, we don't have hurricanes. Um now it's supposed to rain a little bit today and it rained a little bit overnight, but not much, you know, it's just 20 minutes, half an hour you get your rain shower and then it takes a break and then it might start raining a little bit again, but it's yeah, it's nothing. We had some high winds last night,
It might have been, yeah. Now do you have kids
I think?
my
goodness.
Oh,
That sounds interesting.
Hey, whatever, you know, floats your boat. I have um I have two girls, so mine are a little younger. I have one that just turned nine and then one that just turned six. So they're in school right now. Yeah. My six year old just started kindergarten and my nine year old uh started third grade this year. Yeah.
Um You know what? My oldest is already mouthy
treating you well?
Yeah, she is, she's bad and she is a behavioral disorder anyway. Uh Yeah so she like has had an attitude problem and has had behavioral problems since she was three. Yeah, it's it's been an ongoing thing, so
I'm not
looking
forward to that.
it's um it's nice. I get two days to myself because they only go to school two days a week. So
uh yeah and you know what I'm getting the singular is I keep having to move, I have this big window over here and it's um
yeah, they go to school two days a week and then Wednesday thursday friday their home, but they have to log in from nine in the morning until three. Um and what's nice is the hybrid kids that are home Mondays and Tuesdays, are there Thursdays and friday, So whatever is going on in the classroom for the in class kids, the hybrid kids get to see it on the computer, I think there's like 4, 4 cameras or something in the classroom. And the main teacher, she has uh an online support is what they call her, so she will help integrate the kids that are online with the kids in class
and the kids online can raise their hand and answer questions and stuff just like they would be sitting in the classroom. Yes,
cute.
They really have made it so that the kids at home don't lose out on any instruction. Um This school district has just done wonders the last one we were at when the pandemic hit back in like March and april. They didn't do anything. They sent us a list of assignments and said here when you get them done, you let us know and hand them in and it was up to ISIS the parents to do all the teaching to do everything and it was like, well I don't have a teaching degree look
and you're not paying me, where's her teacher?
Well
that
okay when I was growing up it was the S. A. T.
I am. Well depends on who you ask. My real age is 35, but my kids say I'm 29 because that's what I've taught them,
that's the
future.
Uh Yeah they make, they make the kids up here wear a mask to in class, but the teachers try to give him a break, like when they go outside and play on the playground or whatever, they're allowed to take your mask off. Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry my things that my turk, I don't know if you heard that, one of my
alarm
stop, okay there, it should be okay because I do like, I stay at him and I do this. Um I work on mturk and then I have the prolific up and I catch surveys on their and it's kind of like our money for christmas and you
know
that
the
extra
Yeah, I am, I had started doing them a couple years ago when I kind of had it in my head that I wanted to take my kids to Disney, you know, and it's so expensive
and I didn't know how I was going to do it and then I found the, I found mturk I don't
know if you're
on
there.
it's, it's through amazon and I make most of my money off of there actually. Um and it has gotten to the point where, yeah, I was able to save enough money in a year and a half to take my family to Disney World.
and we didn't have to worry about the money we spent, like we got a dining plan, we took $1000 cash with us, you know, just go and blow and it didn't hurt our normal income because it was all just extra, so that was really nice. And then after that it was like, hey, I'm going to keep up with this because it's good for if an emergency expense comes around or if you know, christmas or what have you and
well there's prime day, it's
see I, I didn't see anything that I really wanted. Well
I,
I am, I was hoping that the new Fitbit that just came out would have been on sale because I have my eye on it, it's called a Fitbit sense and I want it so bad. But yeah, my little wiener dog came to say um but they didn't have it on sale. They had was the previous versions of it and I have the versa to, I wanted to upgrade so I was like, oh prime day, maybe they'll put it on sale. No, it was still full price. I was so disappointed when I woke up this morning.
I'm hoping maybe black friday, but I don't
know.
Yeah, I was looking at the galaxy three and I'm kind of like up in the air, do I want the Fitbit sense or do I want the Galaxy Three? And I don't know which one. I'm still looking.
mm hmm. Where it
happens
A little bit. Maybe
like
two things. And
my
well, the problem with us is it's not so much, it's they don't have layaway this year. And I don't know if it's, yeah, I don't know if it's because of the coronavirus or what, but up here they used to have walmart use of layaway and stuff every year. So me and my husband, like we'd send my kids off to, you know, grandma's house for a weekend and we would go and we would start our layaway and half the reason why is because we didn't have to find a place to hide the stuff, okay.
You know, the store kept it. So it was like if our kids go snooping or whatever, they wouldn't find it, there's nobody around us doing layaway this year. Yeah, so it's making it a little bit more difficult because it's like, okay, well where do I stash this stuff?
Yeah, I, I mean I'm like about ready to call my relatives and say, hey, I got some amazon packages coming to your house, they'll be there tomorrow. Um it's like where do I put it? I mean I've ordered a couple of things and then I went to walmart the other day and got my little six year old wanted this joe joe doll. It's this real big joe joe, see watch american girl type doll. So I thought it and I was going to put it away for christmas and me not thinking I opened my trunk when she was outside and she saw it because what is that? Uh huh. I was like, oh well I guess we're gonna have to go to to walmart or target, go shopping and get your sister something else. So they got it early. I mean I couldn't keep it from her
here.
I completely
forgot.
Oh I know
We were looking at those, we're due to upgrade ours. Well we have the S nine plus is
we?
Yeah, we've had it I'd probably say maybe 2.5 years now,
everything
probably I I knew it was in springtime at some point. Um right now we're just kind of waiting for a good deal because both of our still work so it's not like we have to go out and get new cell phones, they still work. So right now we're just kind of waiting for a good deal to come along and then we'll probably upgrade again.
Why?
That
we
went
Yeah. Come here over here. Mhm.
No, she the this is my other child. Weenie. I have four dogs.
No, she
Um she is 100% Queenie.
it's
challah and a dark send. Her and her sister are they're sisters. But they're different litters. Their same mom and same dad. My husband worked at this one like trucking company and one of the cleaning lady's her to chew weenies. She she didn't get fixed. So they had a litter and she was like, do you want a puppy? Well, I'm not going to say no to cute little puppy. So we got one and then the next year she goes, well it happened again. Do you want another another puppy?
all
Yeah I have a 13 year old collie, Australian shepherd lab mix and his hearing's going and his hips are bad and you know he just kind of walks around the house and
sorry?
Mhm. This is my other chew weenie. So yeah this is Tinkerbell because we actually speaking that Disney trip, we got her right after we got back from that Disney trip, well my kids named or Tinkerbell. Mhm.
very
allergic.
these two I mean it's almost like they know they're sisters because they sleep together. They right now they're playing together guys.
they're they're very very close. Hi
guys.
we're fine.
Oh that's odd.
Yeah. Oh no. Yeah I see.
no.
Mr
Well
I
Well I hate to cut you off but I think our 25 minutes is up and actually I think I have somebody pulling into my driveway. So
it's 25 minutes. All
bye. Thank you.