Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh mm. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Mhm mm. Oh okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm Oh. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. The Champions. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But on mhm Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh or Uh huh Mhm Uh huh. What? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Right, mm. Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Hey,
well, I've done this one time before. Have you done this before?
Okay. I did it one time before with another female. It's probably been a couple of months ago or more. It's got it's probably been three months and she was in texas. Where you at?
Oh wow. Okay. I'm here in Louisiana. I'm way far from me.
Yeah we've gone, I've gone through there before. I have family in New Jersey so yeah,
I'm not sure. But we've had
two hurricanes while delta turned into a tropical storm once it hit and uh actually a tree fell on our house. So yeah, it destroyed all our storage buildings but it's only because hurricane laura kind of made everything really wet. So we have a lot of oak trees and the roots aren't very big so they tip over real easy. So
it's
it's
been
This house is probably destroyed. We're going to move. Yeah.
no
they do but it's later in the season.
Because it's mostly warm. Like it's probably in the 80s normally. Let's see Actually,
it's 70°.. Real fill 68. We're having a cold front coming through which is going to stop another hurricane from heading this way. Thank God. Yeah.
Ooh. Yeah. I love
the cold
weather. I hate the south down here. It's
miserable.
You stay
in boards.
Don't you guys have microbursts? So mm
All
that
when Yeah, we had like 85° wins. It's crazy. I mean 85 mph. I'm sorry, my brain is dead. Look, I lost so much sleep because when the winds whipping like that you can't
sleep because you never know. Like if we wouldn't have had like brand new roof put on a while back, which we went to a higher price with a medal. If we would have had shingles, I would be dead right now.
Right.
Yeah. So I'm like, okay, I'm still wanted Yeah.
Ooh.
people try to evacuate and traffic just backs up. Like I'm glad we don't live in the south of Louisiana because there's basically
one road that kind of, you know, one main highway. It gets you out from down there and it'll take, yeah, like triple the amount of time to get back up toward north of Louisiana. It's bad. But like I said, we hurricane season ends I guess at the end of november and I'm just praying that nothing else comes through. I mean for some reason this season, Louisiana has been hit directly every single time.
I mean,
yeah, there's people still in shelters down south, like in lake Charles area. They're still in shelters, hotels and then the hurricane came through again. It's just that's crazy. But the one thing we didn't lose electricity and hurricane laura. We lost it for seven whole days.
Yeah and there was heat advisories it was hitting like close
to 100 and so the house inside was 92°..
Well we had some neighbors down the road that got their electricity back after three days and usually stuff in your freezer if you don't open it will last about 3-4 days. So we had to borrow their generator but when everything's over with where the generators drop in price we're just gonna buy one because we don't want to go through this again.
it might have been from this hurricane that passed through. Yeah
I do
I have one she's 17 years old. She's a
senior.
Yeah and she's taken some college classes and um
she's gonna be applying for, we were looking at L. S. U. Maybe Centenary but I think she's got her sights set on Loyola University. I'm not sure if you're familiar with it. It's a private university in New Orleans but they have a really good criminology department, they're the best in the state but she's gonna major in forensic chemistry and then minor and criminology.
I know I know she wants to work in a lab so.
goodness wait another year when they get about 10 years old they get mouthy.
No
they've learned it from the other kids.
It's
gonna
be
stressful but just hang in there count to 10 because it's easy to lose your temper. I know it is for me anyway. Uh huh. Yeah
it's kind of hybrid.
know I got a window back behind here.
But
they never did
anything like that here.
No kidding.
I know that's what happened with my daughter's school. They missed out on the A. C. T. They were supposed to take and she was so ready and it threw her off but she just took the A. C. T. Now and the results hadn't come back but she finished every section before it even timed out. So we're hoping she did really good because that
determines
her scholarship amount you know?
Yeah. Yeah. How old are you by the way?
Oh my goodness.
I'm
45. I feel so old. Uh huh. But yeah my daughter they started hybrid where they would I'm trying to remember how they even did it. They're not even doing it anymore there five days a week they just have to wear mask at school And elementary never did stop going. They just kept going. It's crazy.
No,
I didn't hear that. Good. Trust me. I get it.
yeah. Oh yeah, that's
what
I do. I've been
doing
survey. I'm sorry. I survive been doing surveys for about 20 years. Oh yeah. I just, I love it. I'm addicted to it. I like learning about new things and you know products before they even come out. Like I got the test Just last week, some Estee Lauder samples which was really fun and I did like an online chat and they paid me like $340 for that. I was like hell yeah. Mhm.
If
I
don't
think
I've ever done mturk I don't think so.
That's cool,
How about all my christmas off gift cards? I still like, I get a lot of amazon gift cards um Like right now I got like $98 in there just, I made that in like two weeks, you know?
Oh I've already ordered on prime day today so I could get $10 off.
got
it, I got some few inserts and I got um It was like this little book and it says 52 things I love about you or or I love you. There's 52 simple reasons, I love you and you can like fill it in and it's it's kind of like a memory book. So I got that from my daughter, so when she goes off to college, you know and she misses me, she likes her little, you know, organizer books and everything and I thought well I hope she don't hear me but I ordered that.
Oh I know, it's it's always something you want that don't go on sale and then it goes on sale when you really don't have the money for it. Yeah
It
will, it will probably go on sale. Black Friday, that's when I bought my Samsung active to watch was like Black Friday online and I got it I think what tax and everything, it was like $279 and it's regular, regular like 299 before tax.
I know I end up not even wearing my watch most of the time because I keep banging it and scratching it up and I'm just clumsy.
Hi
So have you done any christmas shopping already?
I'm
smart.
I start
in august honey, I start in august I catch everything on sale and that's when I started buying it.
Yes.
You might have to Rent Like Us one Month Storage.
I know
it it's part that's happened with my daughter when she was younger. Just
wait they get
more expensive too as they get older
already. My daughter got her vein christmas present early. She it was time for a cell phone upgrade. She had hers for like four or five years, took excellent care of it, not one scratch, not anything. And she's always been one of those kids that don't tear up stuff. So I got her the s. 20 with a 5G. So she'd be happy and I'll give it to her early.
That's what
I have
You must
have got it right when it came out in March of 2018.
I know I got Taylor's my daughters
for a good price. It was on sale for 800. Which to me wasn't bad because they were originally like 1100 or something or nine, I don't remember, but we got it through best buy, they
have good cells and
go and
that was an unlocked one as well. See I like unlocked phones because I can choose to go wherever I want.
you got a Jack Russell?
she almost looks like she's got like her eyes, you know like how the cur dogs
are,
What is telling me? Travel
and $100.
We have a chill. Allah, he's old. He's 14
years old. I know when he started having some seizures here lately and I've just been so sad. It's like between everything that's going on. It's like, don't you dial me now?
I know that's
that's the same with our dog and he can't see as good either. I see has some cataracts.
how sweet. I love doggies. I love cats too, but I'm definitely will not, definitely, but almost I get almost an awful axis around cats, but
I
love on, oh yeah, we've had an inside cat before and I'd have to take keep her out of my bedroom, but I'd have to take loads of Benadryl all the time just to be around her. But it was worth it. I can't I love it. I love cats too much.
They probably do, you know, it's a sense people tend to feel really close and may not even know they're blood related, kind of like twins, you know, just real close. Um
So
I know I wish I had a lot to talk about. Normally. I do, but it's like
I'm not gonna lie, I've been kind of depressed because of the house and having to move and I would, I wouldn't plug my computer but I haven't hooked up to my phone because since all the bad weather, our internet's been really shoddy. So
I had the mobile hot spot it but I'd show you all the damage. It's it's insane. There's a little bit in my room right here if you can say it. Uh huh.
That's not even the worst of it. The other bedroom is completely caved in. They had to literally tar pit closed until we can get an insurance adjuster out here and state farms
taken forever. Yeah. So it's it's I don't
know
we had
to close it up though because a bat and a bird came in. Yeah. Yeah, we had a bat flying around the house. It's like, oh my God, we have to catch it and send it outside.
Yeah. It is 25 minutes though, right? Because they say if you don't go the whole 25 you will lose it.
Okay, sounds good. It's nice talking to you.