SPEAKER_L: Oh God free. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hello? Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi hi can you hear me? Oh
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I don't think we've had a conversation here before, have we?
SPEAKER_R: No I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it recognized it by the sort of EMC lecherous angle of the background, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Have you done these before?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, number of times, yeah, uh I've been trying to like I'm allowed seven at the moment since I was in the last round, but the problem is that they keep getting interrupted or people just don't show up so keep trying,
SPEAKER_R: I hear that. I've had a few people know show on me too
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Anyway, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Um I also realized what these things they never say my name so I'm Alexa by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am john Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Hey sweetie. Oh where
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: like you don't look at disembodied ai the amazon sells.
SPEAKER_R: I know I get that all the time and people are just like Alexa do this thing for me and at first I'm like okay um yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it gets a little bit annoying sometimes
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, this is because the people aren't very creative
SPEAKER_R: that's fair. Yeah or um I work with kids so a lot of times they'll be like I have an Alexa at my house and I'm like great you get to meet the real person or oh
SPEAKER_L: Any case, any case um welcomes the difficult part of all this, which is what the heck to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: I know um where are you located? Are you in the United States or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, this is Brunswick Georgia
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow okay I'm in New Jersey so
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: bit north of there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's probably a better place to live, in my opinion than here, but
SPEAKER_R: Really? Do you not like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: living
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, no.
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: one thing I was surrounded by trump voters. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's not fun
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no. Yeah. It's it's it's I can constantly real against it, but no one ever listens to anything. Yeah. In any case. Um, so there are some things that I got one of the things that I've been talking about this just to sort of because it's a weird subject because I usually take some explaining, but to explain about baseball. Mhm. You've heard of that we heard
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: baseball?
SPEAKER_L: with an L. Blace ball.
SPEAKER_R: No I've never heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: It's bizarre.
SPEAKER_R: Okay please tell me. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Baseball is a sport. Baseball is a sport. That's what which is their word to people who get for a sort of automated internet sport. Mm hmm. Is a website baseball dot com. That, uh, during seasons, which each season takes about a week, but they take breaks sometimes, you know, uh, simulated teams of pretend players, each with different stats. I would have liked fantasy baseball but entirely made up with names like the Chicago moist talkers and Los Angeles Tacos. Um they participate in this sport is sport. Uh they're all simulated games Monday through Friday. They play 99 games, there's 20 teams to buy the two divisions and each is divided into, you know, uh The original leagues were the good and evil league, which is put up into chaotic and lawful subdivisions. Mhm. Yeah. Um And they play baseball basically with some mind, some differences and I can say there are minor differences, but the form of it is baseball. Okay, Players walk up to bat, I don't actually tell you none of this is visual. It all takes place in a text scroll. Okay, everything is simulated. No one actually plays And Monday to Friday plane, 99 games, Saturday is the postseason and that's the big player viewers, players. Uh, peak members to decide get virtual coins. None of this is actual money or anything. You know, it's not pay for play or anything. You get coins that you can bet on the outcome of the matches. You can also idolize a particular player and whenever they do something good, you get extra coin from that. And these coins are used at the end of the season, devote on new or changed rules. Okay. And a lot of the rules are the types of things where they're like a penalty to the team that came in first previous season. Like they're runners next season have to run an extra base Corcoran and the last ranked teams, uh, they, they also get beneficial rules, like they have to get an extra strike before they're out. Okay, So that's sort of the basics, the bare minimum it takes to describe baseball, but it's become so much more bizarre than that. It all started with the very first vote after the very first season in which one of the rules were up for, vote was just opened a forbidden book in the description of the rule was it is forbidden. So what do you think everyone voted for?
SPEAKER_R: Probably for that.
SPEAKER_L: They did they did. The forbidden book turns out to be a rulebook for baseball but heavily redacted just uh they didn't learn an awful lot about it, but they did learn that a team that wins three championships will offend. However, this also began the discipline era of baseball. The result was type of weather started randomly affecting various games that being solar eclipse. During solar eclipses. Sometimes the empire's go rogue, their eyes glow white and they have the power to incinerate players. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that is something
SPEAKER_L: incinerated players are gone and replaced by a new team and I A new player. Yeah. This is the beginning of a very weird and long road. The third. Hello? Uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: screen
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: just like, can you still see me?
SPEAKER_R: I can still see you. Is my screen still up?
SPEAKER_L: It's like a silhouette of like a person's face. Like still, it's like a illustration. It's not like again, I'm not getting any visual at all.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hold on. This happens sometimes. Let me just refresh it really quick
SPEAKER_L: Uh Oh, there you
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: you see now I want
SPEAKER_L: would not have uh have the courage to try that.
SPEAKER_R: happened to me on the uh like last few calls that I've had where people said my camera was just like blacking out and then I was like let me refresh it and it seems to work. So just like it happens again
SPEAKER_L: well the third election for in baseball had as one of the rules peanuts then for a description peanuts and you just know people are going to vote for that
SPEAKER_R: so it doesn't exactly say what
SPEAKER_L: often.
SPEAKER_R: the whole
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: rule
SPEAKER_L: does
SPEAKER_R: is. It just says
SPEAKER_L: sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: one word.
SPEAKER_L: Often it does, but occasionally it doesn't. And when that happens you. Yeah, peanuts unlocked the ability for players to use their coins to buy peanuts to snack on during during a again it also unlocked the giant evil rotating peanut god referred to as the shelled one. Yeah. At that point it started appearing randomly between games on people's web browsers. You know just rotating and making ominous pronouncements. Yeah it started at the new weather to the game peanuts which just caused them to rain from the sky.
SPEAKER_R: just peanuts like raining down.
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes the peanuts would attract birds which it wasn't really a very nice thing but sometimes the
SPEAKER_R: So they're still in the shells? De shelled peanuts?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know it again this is all in text so a
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: lot of the readers viewers whoever's imaginations and also result of them players getting encased in giant peanut shells. Um From these things I mean one of the things is that viewers um sometimes look into the inner workings of the baseball website and do unexpected things. Like one of the things they did eventually people discovered that if a player was incinerated, they weren't to the website completely gone. They still had player IEDs and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: although they were invisible in the interface, if you went to the right web page, you can still see their steps. They were on a team called null. Just that means not any team. And they found out that they could idolize these players and vote for them. Well, One season, one of the items that vote was the 14th most idolized player in all of baseball would like get traded to some, like the losing team was last season. So they got together and they got the most popular player who had been incinerated, Jalen hot dog fingers. A lot of the players have names like that and they venture to vote, gave one to vote just enough that She became the 14th ranked player. And you know, in the game, it had the result, sure enough, she was brought back from the dead to be on that team. Okay. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: that is
SPEAKER_L: but the people who run baseball, by the way, the commissioner is doing a great job. That is sort of like one of the catchphrases of baseball. Sometimes in the text screens will just say add in for no reason. The commissioner is doing a great job. Yeah. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Um, however, when the player came back, they came with a weird ability. Sometimes they would randomly hit players with pitches, they weren't played with it, which is they gained the state unstable, which meant they had a much greater chance of being incinerated from then on. Yeah. So, you know, it's, it's sort of a, of a cosmic horror sort of sport game In any case there in 11 seasons of this. Now, I think, I think they take pretty long break because I think you have to keep planning what the hell they're going to do next. And uh uh there was, they had a J. RPG style in boss to one of their seasons, the champion had to fight like the pods of the shelled one, then the great peanut, the shelled one got eaten by a squid, the giant floating squid. Yeah, the squid was the keeper of the Hall of Flame, which is where all the incinerated players go. And this is this is this is like a recap of the big events, but there's lots of little events that happened about baseball. One team, we have to get all of their pitches, pictures unable to play. So a new picture was edited their team by the name of pitching machine. First name, last name. Just anyway, I am telling you all this Even though I don't actually follow this game, I just read a lot about it. There's been a lot of websites talking about it. Uh I don't know. It's time we did an article, a couple of websites, an article on this ridiculous internet sport. Any case that might might be more of baseball than you'd ever care to know. But everyone to find out more about this ridiculous thing. It's out there, it's still going, it's completely free and it cost anything to play. It survives on donations. Anyway, that's about 15 minutes of ridiculous things. Do you have anything ridiculous to talk about?
SPEAKER_R: I mean that is wild, that sounds like a mix of a social experiment and just a very elaborate dnd campaign. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: In any case uh Anyways, what else is there to talk about? You got any ideas?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I can really top that. That was very that was a lot. That was that was very interesting and I'm definitely going to have to look that up
SPEAKER_L: Well, I do have something else I could bring up. I don't know if it's a
SPEAKER_R: if you want to
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if it's as
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: less ridiculous, It's a piece of fan fiction, you know, a fan fiction at this point. Right? Yeah, that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: sort of, its quasi disturbing element of the internet, it's uh um well there's this person who's who's username and various websites is called UnP Retty and she writes basically Dc Universe fan fiction, you know, Superman, Wonder Woman batman. But they're all like for example and one of them clark Kent brings Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince home for christmas to meet his parents and they have basically a fairly well done story, the type that you would probably find in a tv show or something about superheroes being normal people, talking to the people who raise superman. Yeah, that's an example. There's also an episode episode, I say that's a story where Heart Kit and Bruce Wayne go on a fishing trip and then kind of like a murder out in the woods. That's that's the unfinished story, and then it's the concept at least. But my favorite of all of these stories, you can probably guess why when I tell you the title is Bruce Wayne is banned from walmart. Yeah, Yeah. And this story, tim drake was Robin, so the words batman and Robin never appeared anywhere in this story. Yeah. At the beginning it's it's like a premise, I guess. I just thinking uh yeah, tim drake probably just like post on Snapchat all the time, but just various things he's bothering Bruce Wayne with like insisting that they go to
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Denny's at two in the morning just so he can make Bruce order and say moon over my hammy. The other thing is just that Bruce Wayne has such a bizarre a number of random skills and he never thinks to hide any of them. So, like, tim will sneak a ghost pepper into his food, and you just keep eating like, nothing's wrong. Yeah, or a chocolate covered crickets or things like that. And whatever pressed about this, you know, briefly doesn't think it's normalizes. I did go to College tim. That becomes a meme, like in Gotham City and, you know, on their Virgin, on the internet, it's just like, whatever, someone does something crazy and someone else is just completely nonplussed. I did go to College tim.
SPEAKER_R: I like that
SPEAKER_L: uh collaboration of this, this story begins with tim, like bothering Bruce Wayne, you know, on napa, You know, like, Bruce Bruce, we need to go to walmart, Bruce, I need it. You must go to walmart now, and Bruce Wayne is reading a book on the history of denim. No. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: batman
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: not, Bruce, I need a surprise. I'm getting a surprise for Alfred. You can't surprise Alfred. I mean it you cannot surprise Alfred. It's impossible. Yes. And they were eventually manages to drag him out and something happened that causes tim to lose radio privileges. Then the call in the in the suv that they're going and there and they get there in a very shenanigans, like I'm finding random things to put in the shopping cart and Bruce putting them back on the shelf over and over again. Um Tim leading him to the toy aisle. It is like a wall of unsold superman merchandise and a bear shelf of batman merchandise. Yes. And Bruce was taking a picture in terms of uh, are you taking a picture? Yes, I'm sending it to a friend of metropolis. The tropical sucks. Yes, Yes, it does. And then they get out of the back and this is my favorite part of the store, because I thought this exact same thing and the back of walmart, there is the pet section. It's always in the back of the store. And one of the shelf in the pet section is the most depressing consequence of capitalism that I can think of at all. That is the shelf that contained little plastic tubs containing better fish, live better fish, not in the aquariums because Beddoes will attack other fish, including other metas. So they sell them in tiny little plastic tubs. Those things are probably going to die in those tubs, and we'll never know anything else other than the shelf of the walmart. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: sadly
SPEAKER_L: Uh So any case. So there's the bit where Bruce sees these fish and he's looking at one. These fish don't look very healthy. Mhm. And ultimately end up just buying all the fish and a huge aquarium to put them in. He's on the phone talking to people arranging this. Yes. Yes, I know. I want them all. Yes. Look, I want the aquarium. If you can't apply it, I'll just tell them to sue or have killer croc eating, it will still be an improvement over this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm because he's so rich you can just
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: do whatever
SPEAKER_L: ultimately
SPEAKER_R: he wants.
SPEAKER_L: ended up buying the store. Yeah. The idea is to tear it down and build a better story. He's told he's hired all the employees to work for wayne industries. Various. Okay, your positions. Mhm. Any case. But it is a great story if you can find it. Yeah. And I'm pretty, this is sort of for stomping ground. She writes stories like this. There Usually pretty funny. There is one uh, this is actually one of the first fully popular ones, I think, in which ma Kent arcane, uh cart Kintz uh you know, foster mother keeps killing time travelers who come back in town to try to kill her son. Yeah. And because of the various dystopian futures that arise if clark Kent, doesn't that raise correctly? Yeah, and she buries him in the back and then they disappear because history has changed and she forgets all about it because history has changed. But still at some level she still remembers that she did it. So it becomes sort of like a habit
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: and she doesn't really know how it happened.
SPEAKER_R: So she's kind of like a serial killer killing all these time travelers but she doesn't really even
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: remember
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: technically he's a psycho killer I guess, but she's defending her son. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so she has good intentions
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: so it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: allowed to kill people if you're stopping them from killing someone else. I don't know if anyone could kill
SPEAKER_R: Fair
SPEAKER_L: Clark Kent even if the baby, but yeah, anyway, believe it or not, I don't actually like superheroes or stuff like that. But again, this one corner of the fandom universe I know about and apparently can lecture about at length.
SPEAKER_R: well you have very niche interests and it does fair for an interesting conversation because I feel like most people don't know about those.
SPEAKER_L: well the thing is I have like 100 different things like this, but I forget about most of them and there's something reminds me of them. Yeah, part of, part of how I came across all this is because we run this, me and some friends online run this internet movie watching group called Mst Club. We went episodes of Mystery Science Theatre 3000, but also other weird and often bad movies like over Election Day, we watched Gardas
SPEAKER_R: I've never even heard
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: movie, is it on netflix?
SPEAKER_L: it might be. I don't know, it is one of the strangest movies ever made. It opens with a head of like a guy dressed up as a sort of 15 but just his head disembodied on a black screen and it bounces around like a screen saver and he says I am Alfred Alfred, I am Arthur Frayn and I am Zarya's Yeah and I cannot die though I Longbridge death and give just basic premise explaining the movie and explaining nothing. Then after that it goes on to a story of like the year 21:30 for it like a giant stone head flying through the air, right it lands on the ground and like the Yorkshire dales and these various people in masks you know are in front of it and the head tells them the gun is good. Yeah the penis is evil. Yeah, yeah, kick these guns go forth and kill now of its mouth like it's barfing comes a, the stream of rifles and shotguns,
SPEAKER_R: yeah that sounds like a fever dream.
SPEAKER_L: that's only the very beginning. It's probably the least weird thing happened this movie as if the top it and
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: next thing that happens is one of these people, we find our brunell's turn towards the camera lift this mask. Holy crap, it's Sean Connery,
SPEAKER_R: like real
SPEAKER_L: Real
SPEAKER_R: sean Connery
SPEAKER_L: Sean Connery. He had just done one of the reasons why we watched it that night. It's a bizarre movie. Ultimately he stows away in the head, shoots Arthur friend who's controlling it has taken to a vortex which is apparently a sort of far future utopia kind of place where people have telekinetic powers and torture each other by like making faces at them. And the movie gets weirder and weirder and weirder and weirder and weirder uh
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: very case.
SPEAKER_R: How do you stumble upon these weird corners of the internet? Just
SPEAKER_L: I just keep my Zardari's,
SPEAKER_R: what happened and
SPEAKER_L: I've known for some time, I've known it for at least I have an idea. He's somewhere I heard a physical copy of Zardari's, that's how pathetic I am,
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's impressive.
SPEAKER_L: how I find out. I just I just we we we as a website, one place, the website, I remember I've called meta filter Which basically people, anyone who's a member, you have to pay $5 to be a member. But it's a one time payment and you can just post things on the front page, any sort of weird things you find, people can favorite them and make comments about them. And there is a lot of weird things get posted there. That's where I found out about Bruce wayne is banned from walmart. That's what I know that these actually,
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: Anyway, it's actually three
SPEAKER_R: meta silver.
SPEAKER_L: better filter. M E T A F I L T E R
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: dot com. Oops, there goes the picture again. You still there? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm still here.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of weird stuff. I don't know, you have to scroll to find something interesting, but if you look long enough you will find some bizarre things. The mucus,
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah we've been talking for 30 minutes so that's
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: could start now if you like. It's probably a good idea actually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I actually have some work to do, so this is like a little break from my work day but it was really nice meeting you and nice talking with you and I learned a lot
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: of new things today
SPEAKER_L: Any case in the case, have a good evening. Good
SPEAKER_R: You too,
SPEAKER_L: bye.