Yeah, he's not sure what I would be happy. Hey.
Hey, can you hear me okay?
I
am good. My name is Marie. What's your isn't here? Let
me try and
figure out a better
lighting.
What's your name?
Hello. Audrey in. Uh,
Um it is a weird lamp, Halloween mask at a halo I made and it turns on it, it's red. It's like a horror movie thing, you
know, horror movies.
I'm just curious. I'm working on a paper for my last paper of the semester, which is on a film genre class on horror. So
it's
interesting.
No,
it's a class I took of his elective for fun and I've never taken a class before and I really got into it. So, uh, I enjoyed it and I ended up getting, I've only taken one class and I have an internship writing movie reviews specifically for horror for Next investor now. Okay.
Are
you in
school?
I
am, I am back in school. I'm an older student so I'm returning to finish a degree. I also changed what I went to school for. So I got almost two years into doing computer science and then I came back after seven years away where I was taking care of family members and um switch to communications because I talk better than I program or work with computers.
What about
you? What
do you do?
What do you split your meter?
Nice. Are you in America? Okay. Okay. Because I know
prolific.
I'm american. Yeah. And I know um, prolific tends to be in the U. K. So it wasn't sure. Cool.
Have you
done
with
this?
Are you done with all your school stuff for the semester?
Cool. Yeah. This is my
last do paper.
It's
it's more than halfway done. I'll finish it today.
Um we had to pick 32 and two topics we could pick for a final paper. One of them was to discuss whether certain criteria of genre fits these movies that are not always considered horror. Like do you ever hear the movie it follows?
It's
more,
some people don't consider it horror and more suspense. So you have to basically nitpick what elements make it. Either both one or the other. Um you could pick several movies to do this with. I chose the topic of sound design To discuss and I have suspiria ever see that horror movie for the old
one. It's like Crayola colors and it by today's standards is a horror. It's kind of cheesy but it's one of my favorites. I watched it in high school and I just love the way they designed the colour in the sound in it. Um 19 forties movie called Cat People. And Either it follows or psycho because it follows has a fantastic soundtrack. That's kind of a nod back to 80's horror movies and I kind of want to talk about that one.
How
did you get the linguistics?
That's, that's cool and specific.
It does. Okay.
That
makes
sense.
Do you ever,
that makes sense. Uh what do you take for fun for electives? Like stuff that isn't related to your major?
Oh no, reduce the work. Lord man.
Oh well. Did you go from
like
I
was,
I started at a community college and then transferred over to a bigger college once the gen ed's are out of the way.
Yes and cheaper. Uh huh For
sure. Let's loans hanging over your head.
Do you speak? How many languages?
Well you fluent in spanish? I'm guessing grew up with it.
I was going to say, I feel like I was cheated. I grew like my family, my mom spoke french, my dad spoke Sicilian and they insisted both of them are only speaking english when I was growing up because my dad was so heavily into being american that it's like I'm cheated. I never learned Sicilian and I'm like so mad. I could speak a little french but mhm
It's super frustrating. I
don't
know,
it is, this country is so backwards about so many things though. I mean I
don't want
to
wear
because freedom, I'm like
like okay, like I don't, oh
I live in boston and they have just started, Let's see what's today's date 21st, like three days ago was the very start of like three or four phase plan. So some places are open but it is a really democratic state who you know is not gung ho to throw everyone in the fire so to speak. So it's slow. It seems reasonable so far. We'll see because we have our share of idiots like every place, so.
I go to you.
What's
saying?
Look for
my cats
so they don't destroy something when I'm on the shit. No, they're over there.
I have to
actually
take it back. I have three now. I have my dad's cat, well my dad passed away in all of this. Um
He had been sick for a very long time. This was just kind of I hate to say icing on the cake like, but he was on well for I was taking him for seven years so uh it's not unexpected, it's unfortunate happened this way, but it is what it is. So I have
his cat
to I keep forgetting to count him. So there's three cats now. Yeah.
I can't imagine not having cats.
Yeah, they are, they have that dog smell. Um I'm also, I want to say lazy because not, but I don't have the discipline to be taking out for walks a couple of times a day. Everything. Yeah.
They
didn't
have,
I gotta say, I just read an article about cats understand their name, they just choose to ignore it and I think that's hilarious because I'm like, we needed a study to do this like I don't answer my phone calls or text to and I know what they're calling me. So I mean, oh yeah, human wants me. That's nice.
This makes sense. Dogs are
like
what? That's
I was
the latch of the knobs. Like did they just tease it open?
smarty, let's go silver. Like hopefully it doesn't work on the front door and there's a good extra latches.
How's the weather in California? I'm a little envious.
I love California so much.
Yeah, I love san Diego. I have so many friends over there and
I
was going to visit during the summer. But uh, yeah,
we had like just that one incident of flurries and I'm trying to think that wasn't even a couple of weeks ago. That was maybe a week ago, a little bit less. Like six days ago we had flurries, it dropped
the temperature, it was cold. I almost froze my plants that I just put outside. Uh, but they seem like they survived for the most part and that's it and tomorrow is supposed to be 80° And today is I think 60 something, I don't know what I did. My phone for the temperature, but It's been in the 60s mostly. So not too bad. But not, yeah, not California.
no, no boston's had a lot of rain.
No
the
window
wasn't too bad, I can't complain about having not a lot to shovel or if it did snow it disappeared really quickly. It didn't smell much. Honestly here
me
too
nice. So you were in Ohio and then went to California for school or
you're
home?
that's right. Is everyone's online just had to go home where home was? It was really
strange
and
I'm glad I'm good at online learning because it wasn't a huge adjustment for me having a community college, as many as my courses as I could take online. I did because I was working full time. Um So for me I was used to this process of how you do online, but I feel bad. So many people just were like I don't know what to do or how to, without guidance and I'm just like, I'm so sorry, this is gonna
be
so
rough.
uh huh. You know, it leaves me wondering about classes that need hands on stuff. How the hell do you adjust it to this?
my
I didn't even consider that like pinking and drawing those things can continue at home, but not dancing theater in the same way
it does. Um I actually saw a zoom production. I came across it on facebook and click the link. It happened to be happening when I saw it. I don't remember off the top of my head what the name of it was, but it was a ghost story and it was produced on zoom with the little boxes and people interacting with each other. It was really effective for how they design it, but also a really odd experience.
what's the age group of the camp?
You may want to give consideration to something like short form videos such as Tiktok.
Tiktok isn't,
I believe. Well, I suppose if you wanted to produce your own, your would, you can watch other people's tick tocks without having the app, you have to do it on a computer. Um, because I repost tech talks to facebook all the time, but you have to basically do it as a link. Um, I used, because of all of this with the pandemic, one of I have a multimedia class that I took and we were supposed to do first. We started with a photo essay and it was supposed to be thematically linked followed by a podcast followed by a mini documentary on topics that we're related. Now, the shakeup changed a lot of the plans of how you can do that,
Especially documentaries and having to stay in the house and um I
turned
my, come on.
Uh some people ended up being like what it's like to be home with five year olds with outbreaks and you know that they turned into different things than intended. Yeah. One of my friends who did comedy um in the class, like he always had a funny theme um ended up interviewing his child and playing it off in
an
NPR
kind of sounding voice of like five year old itis, talking about this disorder where
Children are missing. You know, they don't we don't understood what drives this illness as though
it was some kind of pandemic. It was
funny,
I also helped him work out frustrations with being home to fire,
It was very rambunctious, I ended up taking mine um and I obsessively could not stop talking about quarantine once that happens and my dad passed away. So that immediately brought this. I can't stop thinking of my podcast was on negative things of the pandemic including passing away, but it was too heavy for me to continue that in the same theme. So when we came to the documentary, I did a quarantine alphabet In 15 2nd clips for each letter portraying things experienced or done during quarantine. And I did the mystic talks for each letter and then put together
in one compilation. So you have all of them with everyone. Place like E. R. Well he was existential dread. Um He was day drinking, you know, things like that, that you are like wandering in circles for w.
So
It was easy because you could practice editing techniques and like getting it across in a 15 2nd peace. Make it easier to break it down if you're overwhelmed especially, and then just link them together Instead of planning a larger piece of bigger segments, it
might
be something to consider for coursework is 15 2nd videos. If not tick tock itself, but short form. Yeah.
No,
you
Suggested as just doing 15 seconds short form films in the style of Tiktok.
That's why I'm saying it might keep their attention focused rather than wandering off being like attention everywhere else because it's so popular. Um, Also,
if
you
make
tock,
you can download the video. So it's not on Tiktok. If you make a video on Tiktok, you can download it to your phone so you can then send that as a file itself. Whether it's on tick tock or not,
you're welcome.
Well, it'll be, yeah, we're doing a campus camp setting while on a video. That is,
nothing's
been
My summer job for the last few years as historical tour guide and I do the ghost story tours at night and that's not happening.
Um This one year round except in like the dead of winter. That's their off season. No one wants
to take
the tour.
Yeah, no, that's the big season for that. Um Yeah, it was an enjoyable, I really enjoyed telling ghost stories and walking around for a couple of hours and I'm just like, what am I going to do with myself? Do something now? I think I might be go out on like midweek down since it's all downtown and do like video clips of each stop and then post them because
I don't want to fall out of practice.
No.
that's
not
a bad idea. Um What the hell is the name of that? Not Airbnb and Airbnb, the one that has like experiences as well as rentals.
I've considered putting together quirky spots in boston, kind of tours on my own instead of working on a tour company. All that. My tour company just like weird, quirky stuff and what not.
No. And I hope to god that they continue to not sign up for it for at least a period of time. We'll see.
Oh yeah, I saw the bar opening thing that happened was in Wisconsin. That picture was just like mm
me
too.
Honestly you started reopening?
Yeah, same here.
I actually missed the arrest. I didn't realize how much I would miss restaurants. It's not like I went out all the time, but I love people watching and have a cup of coffee or a drink and like I'm almost obsessively thinking about when can I go get like a cup of coffee outside?
Are you a night person or a day person?
You know I'm a late night person and I've started taking my walks like around midnight because I'm like nobody's out then it's becoming less so people are out taking walks at like one in the morning now because they're like less
people. So
I'm familiar with are killing. It could be a little if you
I live in
boston
near the airport so
I live in an italian neighborhood I grew up in so I tend to walk circles and I'm getting sick of seeing these houses. Let me tell you
no, no east boston, you know the airport is the town that attached to it essentially. It's attached to us I should say,
okay north end is, it's like a lot of the same families live in the north and then east boston, I mean
it's also
his boston's changed a lot the neighborhood and is still kind of italian but it's a lot, a lot more um, wide range of immigrants who live here now as opposed to just Italians when I was growing up was mostly Italians. Oh
you
grew up in California, so this is where you grew up.
uh, someday someday
it's a good walking city to, I hate
driver. So
and I was going to say it's a different set of this was entirely intended to be very short distance travel originally because of the age of the city. So cow paths,
crossing fingers because I'm suspecting we're going to have at least fall semester at home just as a buffer zone and I'm hoping after that we can go back to normal but we'll see.
and I think there's two concerns they have here that are at the forefront of their thoughts. One is colleges really depend on international students that's not going to be happening. And the second part of that is who is responsible if you send your kid to school and you're paying X. Amount of thousands of dollars and someone gets sick,
we're Gets sick and dies. Like is the reliability things and the schools aren't going to touch that with a 10-foot pole as long as it's a potential liability because they will forever lose the money that they're losing from international if they don't. It's a real hard decision.
That's no, and the classes,
the way France classes are sometimes like you could barely squeeze between the rows of desks the
way
he
examine it,
nope, nope. You really cannot because you still have to share common spaces to even heat something up in a microwave, use the same bathrooms.
So,
yeah.
I was originally supposed to um, Go for a six week program in Sweden or to discuss uh, communications of sexual health within a society that does not put judgment on it. So Amsterdam,
that whole
area and well, that's gone because of all this. Um, on hold until a future time as I am able to, that was my summer plans beside tour guide. I was going to do that one course. Um,
you,
it
would have and I hope I will have the opportunity in semester to come because I was very excited about that.
And then
down.
Let's hope for spring.
yeah. They're going to hold on to the last possible minute
before they cancel
that because our school still hasn't said fall is going to be online yet. And like the
only reason
I know what's being discussed is is some of the teachers are flat out like so prepare for that because it's in discussion. They just haven't made an official announcement
yet.
But
it's there.
Yeah. And the clown in office we have. So
it's impressive that they even have like possible first line stuff at this point because before going back to school, I worked for three years in a medical research facility as a lab animal technician. And the process is normally super slow. They're basically just cutting out regulations so that they just run do not pass go kind of thing. Um It's going to end up having a lot of disappointments I suspect because of the speed of it. But we'll see. We'll see. I'm a little surprised in some of the pathways of drugs that affect this disease. But then again, it's a really weird disease that affects systemic ways that we don't even understand yet.
Yeah, this is another thing that surprises me. Colleges are at least worried because of liability. So why doesn't the Education Department seem similarly concerned? I don't think, I think some people are going to end up home schooling or keeping their kids back. We'll see. Yeah,
kids are,
that's
true
to more.
I'm a kid in the 90s. We were like latchkey kids. So
yeah, yeah. How are people wearing masks out there? Like,
now that makes sense. They have noticed the legs social signaling. We're aware it dangling off your air and you see someone coming down the street, you put it on and you can't each other and then it goes off again, which I find funny,
yep, yep. To pass around each other. Yeah.
Yeah. I hope before I went back to school I wanted to go back because I wanted a job that could travel with me because I needed to get more traveling in. Like that was my goal in shifting things. Um Well at least I hope this opens up more possibilities to places being open to remote work for that reason because that was actually my goal before this hit. And I don't see it backing off of that, so
it's
inside
the, plus
honestly the amount of time In commuting alone I have gained back for myself is about
10 hours And it's like 7-10 minutes, yep. And that's using public transportation like that's using getting, walking to the bus, stop, taking it to the train, taking the train to my job back, you know or school what have you, if you get it at the wrong times a day there's all the commuter delays. Um It equals 8 to 10 hours a week of traveling. Um That I got back that I'm like I have 10 hours and I can work on our projects all of a sudden. Like I have time.
I want that back in my life period. That's it.
Depending on where the train is crowded. Six trout at seven a.m. Trains are no fun. But they're nice too. If it's not.
I love people watching. I think I'm 25 minutes. Yeah we have I think
you knew too and good luck at summer camp. I wish I
could follow
up and find out how it works out.
I suspect we just x. Out. I don't see any controls on this page. Um All I know is the instructions said to keep that page open. Someone you're done over here you can go back to it and answer the survey questions. So I think we just x out of this window and go to the page before it.
There
you
go, enjoy the lovely weather.