Hello.
I can.
Hello how are you?
I'm
Adriana
it's great
to meet you.
Adriana
how are you? That's a cool thing you got in your background.
Excellent. That's very cool.
Kind of it depends on how gory. I'm not into the gore but I like spooky sort of psychological things.
great. Excellent
to
study film
but
wow.
Are
you
a student or just taking the study that
class?
So very cool. Yeah
I'm
I'm
also a student.
I study linguistics in spanish.
how about
you? Sounds like America.
Do
you know
what
this?
I'm sorry
for now. Yeah
thanks.
Yeah good luck with it. Well
I'm glad we've
excellent. What movies are you talking about?
Yes I've heard
of it
but I didn't see.
No.
That's very cool. Yeah I used to study some film um for several years but not as much anymore. I've thought about studying. That is my major but
I
don't,
I want to be a language teacher essentially so it makes sense. Um
so it's interesting to see the, not just foreign languages but how they're broken down and how you can better teach them through that.
I
like
that. Yeah.
Yeah not what I do like film, it's, I just don't think I would like working in film so I didn't want to keep doing anything.
not much Janet
yeah I mean I did I took film um as electives but now I recently transferred schools so I'm kind of catching up on all my gen ed's and my major requirements.
so
not
as
much.
Yeah. Yeah that's objectively wiser.
yeah,
Yeah, 2020 though so not as much time for electives. I do like taking language courses though
um spanish italian and english, I'm not fluent in italian but I've studied it some
some. Yes. Yeah my father's family
it's really sad how against foreign languages our country is because there's so many people like that who are like oh you know my family's latino but I never spoke spanish or anything, it's really it's a loss
it's not too
late
to learn
but
you
can
still learn,
it's craziness.
Yeah. Do you live somewhere that's opening up already?
Yeah I go to school in boston so I have been following you guys knew something. Yeah.
Yeah I'm in California now though. Yeah
no I'm
fiddling
with
me.
Do you have a bunch of them? How many?
All very
sweet.
I'm sorry.
of
the,
that's very sweet, I like cats a lot, we've got to hear. Yeah
they're just better. I don't get dog people they're so messy and smelly and grows.
Well and just that their lives depends so much more on you. Cats have their own stuff going on. You
know
dogs
like your their whole world. I don't like that. That's a lot of pressure.
yeah. Really? Now I think there are a lot smarter than we think I did. I read an article the other day about how they actually are smarter than dogs. They just don't care.
mean my
cat can open doors so
my
cat can open doors,
nah but she kind of like she'll put her up on it and throw herself at it at the same time so she kind of twist it.
Yeah that one's a bit higher. She can't ridge
beautiful.
Have you been
Yeah. I'm in nor cal but
it
Yeah. Have you guys gotten any more snow? I know it was snowing a couple weeks ago.
Thank you.
Yeah. I mean it's not like so cal up here, it's not quite as sunny, it's been a little gray but not nothing compared to boston.
Yeah. It was overall a pretty good winner though.
Which
I was
glad.
No, I was very glad for it.
No,
I lived in Ohio last year where it's just gray all of the time. So this easy winter was quite a reprieve.
No I'm from California so after the
university
sent us home. Yeah,
it was
quite
chaotic.
I mean
it's
not
it's not like it was so very difficult. It's just motivation was my main issue. But the transition of the material itself, I mean I'm not in any lab courses so that wasn't too bad. But
I don't know. And all of the arts programs, especially theater and everything, I don't know
what they're doing.
No no well I guess dance, you can not collaboratively but theater there's you could do monologues but that gets old.
Yeah, interesting. I work for a summer camp for a few summer camps, but one of them is a performing arts camp and we're looking at doing zoom workshops instead of because we can't have a real camp. Um And so I've been trying to think of, I used to be our film staff. Um So we would do you know short films that we would write and then film and I would edit during the week that were at camp. And so I've been trying to think of how we can do it remotely and trying to think of different um you know zoom dramas that we could make, so I'll have to check that out and see what other people are doing,
middle and high school.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea
then. I would have to get to talk and I've been really avoiding it.
I'll bet
The life
of my cat.
Was that the documentary The Life of my cats?
that
would
be funny.
That's
what,
that's
very funny.
I'll bet. Yeah.
That's very
Right, wow, that's
very clever.
that
is,
that is a good idea. I just, I don't know, I want to avoid downloading Tiktok. I know, it'll just
suck too much
time. Oh
Absolutely. No, that's that's a very clever idea and I'm certain it's very trendy. They would love that.
And
then
they
can show all their
friends
that's a very good idea. Well thank you.
Good to think about. Yeah, we'll see if they pick up my workshop proposals so hopefully.
Yeah it'll it'll be a challenge but we'll see. We're lucky that it's a way that can be translated online. I also work for a backpacking camp, which they're just gonna
have to bite
it this summer,
Yeah. Oh I wanted to do one of those though. I kept seeing them going around on Halloween. Especially those are fun.
I just
saw
them on Halloween.
That would be really cool.
Yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah I did. Um not quite the same kind of tourist but a different kind. I am lead pub crawls for a hostile
downtown for the H. I boston, it's in chinatown, which I've been missing. So I keep thinking about, you know whenever I'm walking around I'll be thinking where would I take people, you know in Oakland or at home if I didn't call here just planning it daydreaming for when there's the
opportunity
again.
Yeah. They do have that. Yeah.
Well not many people traveling right now to sign up for it and the bars aren't open stones.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just excited for two. Be able to happen again. Oh yeah. Yeah. Then there's always the question of when will even if they open, who's going to go? I guess if plenty of people in Wisconsin I wouldn't not yet.
No. Uh huh. Different different worlds. Some places I'm glad that things are still pretty shut down here at
least
gradually
very gradually. Um the friday before Mother's Day, they allowed things like sporting good shops and florists and some sort of places like that to open up for curbside service. Um But restaurants are still just take out bars are still closed
that stuff. Yeah no movie theaters or anything.
Yeah or just even walking around and seeing more people. I love just like being a part of the world and it feels weird when you have to go out into the street to walk around someone
night but I mean not a morning person certainly but
Hm.
Mhm. Yeah. That's interesting. I wouldn't really do that around here. Yeah I mean I live in Oakland which is right across the bay from san Francisco. Yes.
I try not to walk out by myself
after
dark.
What?
In the north end.
Right. Yeah. I don't think I've been out that far but I worked in the north and south.
I'm
sorry.
Yeah. Well that's
still
yet born and raised. Born and raised. I do love it.
Yeah. I do miss boston though. It's a good city.
Absolutely.
That's what I miss being able to actually walk places. I mean I live in a pretty central spot where I can walk places, but it's just still so much more spread out.
Uh Soon enough. I just hope I can go back in the fall. Okay.
we'll see. I mean it makes sense. It feels like a fool's hope to actually think about going back in the fall and even if they bring us back because they'll make more money, I can't imagine that they won't just send us back home when there's inevitably a second wave. Yeah.
Shit.
Yeah. Well, and you know, it's hard to even fathom how you can social distance in the dorm.
You can't
well, and I
can
see,
I can see, okay, you make lectures smaller, you make, you know, passing periods longer and you shut down streets so that people can walk, but people still have to live somewhere and you cannot social distance in a dorm.
exactly. And you
people don't, you would see people just walk out without washing their hands. Normally those people are washing their hands now. Oh no,
no, no. Uh well soon enough, I suppose it'll be properly normal again. Mm hmm. Mhm. That's the most that's the most. Uh huh. Mhm. Well, are you doing summer school? You said you had another class or is that in the full,
That's
very
I would have been very cool. I'm sorry
that I had to
get
I
can imagine.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I was hoping to be able to study abroad in the fall but that's
Hopefully hopefully the school still hasn't cancelled it though and I'm like who are you fooling? That's it's it's insanity. It's absolute insanity.
They
will.
Me
neither.
Well
and
everyone's
watching the news. We all know what it looks like.
Yeah. Well, we'll hope for the best. Absolutely. Uh Oh we'll see. There are plenty of promising vaccines that they're talking about. Although it seems way too early to say anything.
In so many ways. Yeah. And that's the bigger thing bigger than universities is what are the schools going to do? Especially with everything that's been coming out about how it affects Children. Different.
Maybe if they can. I mean it's
if people are going back to school or back to work.
Gotta
have child
care.
Yeah. we'll see. They still haven't even formally canceled all the summer camps that I work at. So people are really holding onto all kinds of fools hope
most of mostly I would say um it's different like if you go to stores people all do that's required in downtown sort of shopping areas even on the street people are but just out in the neighborhoods maybe a third of people do if you're just walking around where you can have distance now. Why would you?
Yeah it is. And there's always sort of the dance of, am I going to go in the gutter? Are you going to go in the gutter?
Yes, it'll be a different world. It's interesting to think about how it will stay this way, how it will affect things in the long term.
Well
and some
people like
it. There's plenty of people I like working from, you know, so
You know,
That's
Yeah. I think you're not alone in feeling that way. I do like taking the train, though.
Yeah. Yeah. I like the people watching.
Okay. Well, it was excellent to meet you.
Thank
you.
We'll see. Do you know how we get out of here?
Thank you. I'm technologically challenged. Take
care.
Stay safe out there.