Yes. B. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Hello?
How
are you?
Pretty good. I was actually surprised that someone joined. I tried this twice and no one has joined I think for three times so.
Oh that's cool. Yeah. What's your name?
My name's Kyla.
I'm 23.
Okay. Cool. Where are you from?
I'm from California. Yeah, but I am not living there now but that's where I'm originally from.
Um It's kind of complicated. Well I'm like technically in school in Chicago. Um But with the coronavirus stuff I've moved um to be with my partner in south Carolina.
Um So I'm actually in grad school, so I just graduated from college last year for my major with psychology and now it's like developmental psychologists which is working with kids.
Oh that's cool.
What year are you?
That's exciting. How have you been um in virtual classes?
So
your last like day of school?
That's nice. Yeah. I've heard of some people having like the some professors are like recording lectures and then putting up and then you watch them and then some people have your way then my classes are all through zoom so it's like I don't know I think it'll be weird to do it your way. I can't imagine like not having like live lectures and having just worked thrown at you four years ago.
that is all clear. That's so weird. Yeah but it's weird
Yeah I don't think I've had that's weird. I haven't had like a one on one professor zoom thing. That's a lot I want but yeah let's see what else we should talk about.
I know I was thinking that I was like what if that happens?
I know that you're stuck for 25 minutes on.
Yeah exactly. Yeah that is good. Um
I've been just like literally doing these studies um and just saving them like keeping it in the account. Like I haven't been transferring so I
just like do them and I've gotten like a pretty high amount now. I've been since like the coronavirus that that's kind of I've been doing this, that's actually when I started I think I started doing these like two months ago. Um
But I originally found out about about prolific because um I do research as well. Um And so someone told me like I found out through someone that like prolific was a place that I could put my studies on, so then I like looked at it. Um and I was like oh I can also participate so I was like I'll just sign up to, so now I'm just doing whatever they come up so.
and
take
yeah, no, for like I agree. Uh mturk I like kind of looked at it, but I just like, didn't They also give you like five cents for like it's just this is not worth it to me, so I just stopped by like sign up for an account, but then I just never used it, so.
yeah, I think it's a good site and for like the research side to I'm going to actually be putting up a research study in the next couple weeks on prolific and it like, yeah, I think it's a really good site um for both parties, which is really cool. Um Yeah, um
you know, what else is there? Do you have like a favorite show you're watching right now?
So I'm not the type of person that I don't watch a lot of tv. But um when I like when I do I'm like I'm really into it but I don't watch it like I know people like watch like everything on netflix and I haven't done that yet but I just like finished. Um have you heard of The Circle?
Yeah I really liked it. There's like an american version of one in France and then there's one in Argentina or Big Deal at all. Number which one? But um yeah I've only watched the US version so far and it's it's like a reality show about like social media. It's just like one of those like I don't know this reality show. So
I haven't watched that yet, I've heard people talk about it.
You know people?
What?
That
doesn't make any sense. So we go
Oh that is sad. That's crazy. I need to watch that. I've heard people talk about it. Um And there's also been like I think that's like memes right? Of like that one girl from it, do you? I think she's from that show. Have you seen like the memes of like the girl making the faces and she was like has a husband, maybe that's not the same show. I think it
is so
Oh Love is blind. Yeah, I I started watching that. I didn't finish it but yeah, I haven't finished it. I do want to finish it but now it's like old news because everyone has watched it already. But
did
stuff
well.
What?
No.
Well
it's so bad. Uh Yeah, I need to finish that. I like sometimes I will get really into a show or like I don't like getting watching the show because I feel like I just want to binge watch it and
they don't have
time. Yeah. I need to I don't know. I need to figure that out because everyone was like, have you seen this show? Are you watching this show? I'm like no, but I do want to start them sometimes but it's like I know I don't have time to binge watch them. Like maybe I shouldn't get myself into that. But
want?
Well
by
next
month
also the other switch. Uh
You got to get
one. Yeah. If I had time I would get 12 people were like really into into the switch and animal crossing. It seems that I used to play animal crossing when I was younger but I'm like a D. S. Or something. But
I would probably play, it seems so fun if I had time I would do it just like my time is so limited. But yeah, get one. I would, I would do it. I would totally do it,
Yeah. I feel like these professors and teachers should be like more aware of the work that they're giving out, especially right now because like some teachers are giving out more work than they normally would have. And I think that's like so counter like, I don't know, it should, I don't know. I think it's just crazy that some students are getting more work
well.
well no.
You know.
Oh my gosh,
Well,
what
instrument do you play?
Are you saying? Okay.
That's cool. That's really cool. No,
that's the big question. Um I don't even know, man, I really that question is so hard for me to answer. Um I watch a lot of Youtube.
I'm really into Youtube. Okay. Yeah. I feel like work has taken over my life, so it's hard for me to come. Like I said, I like work with kids. So I do like when I can, I like volunteering and like working with kids and like working after school programs and stuff like that. I haven't done that in the past probably like over six months though because I haven't had time I want to get into that. But obviously right now it's not really the best time to think about volunteering and stuff like that. Um but yeah, I like music, but I don't have it. I don't have like hobbies. I feel like I don't like play any sports or music or anything pretty boring but yeah
yeah it's
good
to yeah Crystal
Yeah like it's tiring.
that's for
no
no.
for
no.
What
Well
what?
That doesn't make any sense. Oh my gosh, that's ridiculous.
What?
Oh my gosh.
That is really crazy. I've never heard of a professor being led like particular and just like that's crazy wow
wow. Like individually wasn't in groups wow.
Yeah that's that's a long time I took a dance class in undergrad to um and we also had it was a crazy amount of work for what it was like it was only
yeah like I remember it I mean I did end up kind of like in the class because it wasn't as intense as yours but I do agree that I don't know what it was just like a lot of work for like a I think I was only getting I remember how much credit I got for it but it was a lot of like group meetings, we had to like set up meetings to meet with our group like weekly, it was kind of a lot and we had to like write papers, we had to come up with like a dance routine that we would like to perform at the end of the semester and kind of like a whole
I can getting them to. Um And yeah, I mean we had we had to be put on a performance at the end of the semester but it was just a lot of work for, like I was not expecting that much for a dance class, so it was, Yeah, I get that. But that's crazy. But we had a group work. It wasn't like we had to come up with our own routine and it was not 25 minutes. I think it was like maybe 10 minutes for a group or something.
That's a long time for a dancer thing. Yeah, That's crazy. That's a long time.
Funding.
I don't think so. Where is it?
Mm. Okay. So then did you go back to a school like mirror your,
where you grew up?
Yeah, I am, I'm in south Carolina, but then I go to school in Chicago. University of Chicago. I mean like, I guess I kind of sense this is the only place in Chicago, but
no, I don't think I've heard of it. I guess I was thinking about like the big universities like this because I know there's also another one called, I think it's called like University of Illinois. Nirvana shampoo. I don't I don't know, I'm not familiar with like Chicago or anything. I literally just moved there just to go to
university
Chicago. I've not explored Chicago, I don't know anything. So
yeah, when people like asked me about, I'm like sorry, I can't even though I technically live there now, I don't know anything about it because I need to like and I was planning on like exploring more of these last couple of months, but that's not happening now because of everything. Um But yeah, I want to underground in Connecticut so I guess kind of close, cute.
no,
I
think
I've heard of it but I don't think we're super close but because I wanted to go a few months ago and I think it was like a pretty far drive. Not far, but like like an hour drive or something. Um
Yeah, I want to check that out. I don't know if they're like beaches and stuff are closed here or anything
not.
wow. That's currently.
That is cool.
Yeah. I want to check that. I didn't want to go, I want to go during this past summer but we didn't get to go okay check it out when we can finally leave the house. Yeah. But
yeah, I feel like everyone's plans are just like gone, done, can't do anything.
I've noticed that too, like
I'm interacting,
we have more people that I normally wouldn't. It's cool. Yes, it's a cool like thing that happened.
Well
that's true. Do we check? Let's see how long What engineers say, mindsets. 26 minutes.
Yeah, I think so. Does your what does your timer say?
Okay. And then we should keep going so that you can make sure to get yours because that's about 25 minutes away.
I think so. I think they're probably gonna code for a bunch of things. I don't know what they're looking for exactly. But yeah, I have actually going,
I don't know what
specific little things we can't
Oh yeah, nope. They just want us to see thrown in
their sponsoring. What is that?
No,
I'm here.
Mhm. Yeah, I was starting to hypothesize that like
yeah, like it was fake or like there there's something to do with like the number of times that you get like rejected, like or like no one shows up and like how many, like, if you keep persisting to like um do another call because they asked if you want to sign up for another call. I'm like, I'm wondering about something to do with it, like because two times the person didn't show up, so I'm just like, what does
that mean?
No, I can't even imagine that would
be so weird.
I know. Name girl. Mhm.
Okay.
Like, I think we're good on time.
All
okay. It was nice meeting you.
Good luck with school.
Thank you. Bye.