Hi.
Good,
how are you?
This is my first time doing it.
Elissa, what's your name?
Well how old are you?
I'm 20
a long island new york. But
Oh cool. Where do you live now?
Oh that's cool. Cool. What's your major?
Well that's nice. I'm going for music education right now
underground. Yes.
Uh Well I'm finishing up with my sophomore year. Yeah.
Um basically like most of my teachers just started giving us like a ton of assignment instead of doing like zoom chat. So
it's overwhelming because they just keep giving all these. But I'm finishing up like today. So and I just
yeah, just of doing assignments.
But my um my string class was to resume. No one is really like weird because like I basically just had to like to play the violin through like video shot. And it was like weird because like I don't play the violin but major I have to like take classes for each family of instruments. So and my classes just me and one of their kids. So like it's just really like
And have voice lessons on zoom which was kind of like awkward because like, I don't know. It's just like, I feel like when it's one on one zoom, it's like there's more pressure because it's just like you and the students like annoying.
I mean I'm thankful you're not like a creepy old man.
It could just be like somebody like the old guy. Like just and who knows what they're gonna say to me like
yeah. Right. My age. Which is cool.
Mm What are you gonna use the money for?
Well
weren't
I think I found out about prolific through Reddit. Uh there's this form called like beer money which is basically just like ways to make like easy money and probably you've been like my favorite survey site because like I'm like what is it like the other popular survey
sites?
I don't Yeah, like swag money and stuff or whatever. It's like, it's like it's all points and it's like hard to like really make money but prolific has like come through.
I just, even though like I really just really want like quick cash. I just feel like Like also like a website like you me, I don't know if you've heard of it is another, it's kind of like prolific but it's not all academic studies and the problem that one is that like there's a lot of studies but it's again, it's like for like five cents and I can't take them seriously when it's like five. I was approached, they tell you like how much you moved per hour? Like technically like if you put it in a per hours perspective. So I definitely like prolific because of that.
Mhm.
Um Well I watched like a lot of different netflix shows. Like I watch, I don't know like a lot of series. What have you been watching lately?
I've heard of it.
Yeah. Have you watched any 90 day fiance? So
it's so funny because some of the characters of that characters are people
around are like they do like such ridiculous things and some of them are like so in confident. It's almost like I don't even watch it. Um Some people like pour all this money into like somebody they don't like they have never video chatted with. There was this one guy who like went to like Where'd he go? He went to the Ukraine three times and she didn't meet up with him
every time and she kept giving her money. It's just it's really
funny
but it's kind of similar to some of them. She's not real
There
I've seen a lot of memes lately with 30 90 day Fiance and also the show Love Is Blind.
There's just
one
problem every pants because like
she just she's just really annoying and She like Picks one guy while she's like obviously into the other guy. And like she like makes everyone uncomfortable and she gave like wine to her dog.
Yeah like literally like and she's like here have some and she's
just
like but everyone like hated her.
that's
what happened.
Yeah I've watched like a whole series and like a few days and then like that's the thing with me like I'll like I won't I don't watch a lot of tv either but like if I do if I watch netflix I've binge watched the whole series and then I stopped watching netflix for a while. Like
I'll do like raise my series. So let's do it. I'm honestly, this is random now, but on the topic of how we're going to spend our money, I'm probably gonna, I've been saving for the Nintendo switch. Mm hmm. I mean I have the money for it but like I don't have a lot of money and if I now it's like all the money in my account, something maybe I should just save up the money on prolific. So I don't feel as bad because it's not taking any money out of my account.
It's like serving
because
of my,
he has animal crossing for his twitter
Because with animal crossing like you can't really have two people on the same switch which is really annoying. So I have to buy my own switch light. So I've been kind of saving for it and like I'm just like thinking worth it and like I think it is because like we're in quarantine and I have nothing better to do right now. I'm like, I don't know like, and then I was like, I'll wait till my classes end and now that they're ending. I'm like
I
yeah, play it on the way and the DS, yep.
Yeah, lately, I mean, I've just been working nonstop on school work like this. I have done nothing. I mean maybe like scroll, the only thing I've done is like scroll through Tiktok to entertain myself. Everything else is in school work, school work, schoolwork, like, like at one point like I think two nights this week I've stayed up all night doing schoolwork, like it's just teachers don't conceptualize for me at least in my classes, how long these assignments take? So they'll end up taking me like literally all day.
Yeah, I mean
especially just because none of the work I've been getting was like on the syllabus, none of it was like previously talked about, they added it because of the situation, which
I like, I mean I know that they want to give work just so that like, you know, like classwork, but some of it it just gets out of hand excuse on the work that they give and like, like I stayed up all night trying to figure out like since I'm a music major like this rhythm, like I had to conduct
like in like four different meters and it's just really, it took me a while, I probably spent hours staring at this paper,
you know, like it's like, it's like it's crazy. it's like it's a conduct and I'm not conducting and I think next month so I have to take a class on conducting. So
this major is crazy.
Like
I sang.
Yeah but I had to take like piano and I'm gonna take a guitar class too. But I kind of play like guitar but just like chords mainly get into the technical classical guitar and that's gonna have to take. But I do in school like I'm a soprano and I do like, you know because I have to do like juries which are like when you like sing like three or four songs at the end of every semester, it's all like classical stuff. But like out of school I I like I write songs and like sing pop and stuff.
What do you like to do for fun?
Me too. I wake up like auto play. Like I'm on a random video about usually I wake up during like a podcast, a podcast but like the auto play will like put on some random podcast and I'll like wake up and see a few hours into it like, right.
I mean like when you're a student, your whole personality becomes just a student because like, I don't really have time to really do anything fun anymore.
So
I
yeah, I really haven't same with me, like I haven't had time to do anything. Like I've just been consumed. Didn't work.
Yeah, rule is and I had like I had this one gym teacher, I took an aerobic dance class because I had
pe requirement for my college. This teacher like literally like I thought was gonna be like zumba the first day we walk in and she has like an old ass tv and
like It's all like 90s fitness videos,
Maybe 80's maybe even like
they have like the big hair and like the whatever like the you know the workout attire and it's ridiculous. We had to like follow them and everything
and that class. But since the quarantine, she has given us like these really weird assignments if you were supposed to like she said we had to get this fitness app to track like our location and
we had new our walks every week and at least like an hour walk. Um Or you could do like another uh cardio activity for an hour and you have to let that track where you are.
And she said that we had to do it, we were not allowed to do it early in the week. We have to do it between sunday and Tuesday
because normally Tuesdays so she didn't want us to work out before sunday.
Yeah and then how does do this final paper about dance? I stayed up all night doing it and I only got a 92 because she took off points because like she said I didn't talk about like dance attire enough and like she didn't specify how much I needed to talk about it. And she literally told us this is the craziest thing I've ever heard in my life. She said that we had to submit the paper between the hours of 12. a.m. And 10. a.m. Um And we're not allowed to submit it early.
So if I want early or something we're in quarantine. I because I have to I can't submit early. I don't know why she has something against so many early.
She's just something else. And then I went on her rate my professor because I was curious and people in my class you can't really see their names or anything, it's anonymous but were complaining about how she was during quarantine. So I just thought it was funny and then I put something on there. I you brought it out by how to freeze them.
Yeah she made us like one of her final assignments were also we also had to too much work by the way for gym class. We had to come up with a 25 minute dance. 13.
Mhm. We had to have, we had required moves, we had to pick out the music, we need to warm up and cool down. And I ended up having to record myself because it was supposed to be like in person in front of the class but since it's quarantine um for the day that I was supposed to go um I literally like it was like It took me hours to come up with it. It was like three. a.m. I was in my basement and I was like trying to kept trying to record the stupid routine. It was just ridiculous. Like 25 minutes.
I mean like.
And
Yeah five minutes. It's like ridiculous.
Yeah it's just like I feel like sometimes like physical education professors think that they're like the most important class and I think that they literally like my sister is creating papers as if she's like an english teacher. You know some people in this class who have never taken like I've taken the basic english class, the common whatever. Like every college has like an english requirement. I've taken mine. But
a lot of people like happens like to expect a lot from people who like some people like this. Is there a lot of freshman in my class, I guess facts like I can't imagine, you know, being overwhelmed with that stuff as a freshman. Like actually I transferred schools though. Like I went, I went away to, I don't know if you've heard of it. Suny Fredonia.
Mhm Western new york. It's like kind of upstate by like both and it was just too far away and too rural for me personally.
All
Yeah, that's why I'm home now because of the pandemic. But I also commute. So I'd be home regardless. You said you're in south Carolina right now.
I'll go to, you probably haven't heard of the white college. Okay.
in
the,
we're going to take, you know?
Yeah. That's pretty, that's pretty close. Have you ever, are you buy like Myrtle beach by any chance anywhere near there?
Have
you
heard?
You should go there
now. But uh
I go to Myrtle Beach like every year with my family. Ah Dr. 12 hours.
Yeah, but my grandma has a condo there and it's like the beach is really nice.
It's gonna do.
Yeah. I wanted to like go somewhere with my boyfriend this summer. We wanted to do a road trip, but that's not happening anymore.
Mm I mean hopefully everything improves because I want to, it's tough having to stay in and not getting to like go out for anything. I mean surprisingly enough that a lot of my friends have like contacted me more than they normally do. I think it's because like Born Yeah.
Work
for
bringing
people together. Yeah.
This is I think it starts once you like
Uh it says 24.
Yeah. I actually like I clicked I went on the wrong link because I didn't copy the link fully. So like didn't work. So like I have I have like another time we're going that's wrong because it doesn't have like I think it's the link in it and I like message and I was like it's not working. But I got I managed to get it to work obviously. I mean yeah. Okay. I think I'm at well yeah, I don't do they like are they going to watch all this back?
I think maybe I probably also do with like seeing like how strangers interact when they're just like thrown into a group, call our video chat. I
I
yeah, I thought that they would like give us like a list of things to talk about or something.
So
the other times you tried to do this and nobody was there,
you got
just $50 or whatever.
It was like shake.
I
guess I'm all like last minute decided that like it was too awkward for them to try. Yeah, I mean luckily, I mean like I said before, I'm grateful that I got put with somebody like that is like my edge and it's like not too weird because like it would have been rid of. It was like a four year old man,
No,
I don't even know what we would talk about just that. It scares me
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think
we're good now.
It's nice meeting you too.
You too.