well. Can you hear me? Yeah, awesome. How's it going? Mhm. How's it going? Good.
Pretty good. I'm not doing too much. What
you said.
My name is Gabby. What about you
Lauren? Nice. Is this your first one of these or?
Yeah. And
just one other earlier this week.
Yeah, It's a funny way to make money. But why not? Where
are you? Okay. Uh huh.
All right, me too. Well, I'm not in Western mess. I'm in the boston area. Right? Yeah. What part of Western Mass? I was actually just out a couple weeks ago in Stockbridge. We'll get some leaves. Yeah,
that's awesome. Yeah, I guess it's Stockbridge. Part of the work shares, technically. Kind
of
Yeah, So I grew up in, but this is funny because I grew up in boston Um in the last 10 years I've lived in Colorado, but I just moved back to the Boston area. I'm kind of I'm here temporarily at least pandemics over mostly. But yeah, that's funny. What part of colorado are you from?
Okay. I was living in Summit County. Yeah,
grilling yeah, by keystone. Yeah. Yeah,
yeah. Really? In the, yeah right in the, yeah, I worked at a spot as Keystone resort up there. So uh, you
come in so, So I left for at least a while and then decide what to do next. But I loved Colorado. I mean it was a great 10 years there and Consider it my second home at this point since I spent my 20th there. So yeah. Yeah
it is, yeah. I went right after college. Um so if we're not to be there right now, but I wasn't doing, you know much anyway because you know, so back
in boston with family for a little bit. Um That's funny that which school are you going to? Uh in Western Mass?
Okay. Yeah, I've heard of that. That's a good school. Yeah.
Yeah I went to BRANDEIS which is in boston and like here everyone's heard of it but as soon as you go to colorado or anywhere else they have no idea what. Yeah just well don't worry about it it's just like that. What year are you in?
Yeah. That's exciting.
Are you actually in person classes or?
All right. Is it weird?
Well
they're keeping you in yeah the play elsewhere I guess that makes sense but it is weird.
So
my junior year you like like to leave campus like you know my freshman year I was always on campus and I like ventured away and lived off this. Certainly. Yeah
or
I'm sure they're doing it smart there too. Yeah.
Right.
No
I so I was furloughed since March and then in august was officially laid off. Yeah I'm just kind of like waiting to see you know what I was getting unemployment it was fine and I got nice severance and for my company at least so it's kind of giving me time to just like figure out what to do, you know I'm doing side things to make money and Uh
like probably people like the house where you are going stuff like that just keeping busy but um yeah I'm not rushing into anything so I don't know you know it's just weird right now start
new in a job or career or move anywhere new which I plan to do eventually, so basically
waiting it out Living. I haven't seen my family, you know been in the same place in my family for 10 years so it's kind of nice I guess they drive me slightly insane. But it's mostly what you believe in a few moments. Yeah. I'm not terribly seeing them twice a year for 10 years. X ice. Yeah.
And
I'm
32 and I'm like in my hometown a graph like this is so weird. Glad. I think you appreciate your family were as you get older too. I'm not going to argue with that.
yeah. My sister lives, um, across crossed and like 25 minutes, so, and she is a two year old. So it's good to see my nephew who I haven't seen that much of around
more so than my parents, but both are, we are just something weird time. I've never pictured this happening in my life, but I don't think it was pictured. Okay.
it was
like a
maybe a few more months. I know. I'm not really making plans, Solid plans. I'm like, maybe in March will move maybe, you know, it's like I want to trip again in the second next summer. It's like we hoping, but that is not assuming anything. I think you'll just your life, you put a date on it. But yeah, you work well. I have, you know, a lot of people are broken me kicked out of their homes and thanks kid. It could be so much worse. So I'm just grateful. It's not worse than that. I take my time because I know that could be more shape. So yeah.
Yeah,
come on.
I don't think I go back to stomach County. I mean as much as I loved it, um, lot of people I know aren't there anymore and it's just ready to move on. It sounds like I'm really crowded. Like everything. It's like, it just feels so over in my tourists. It's, there's no like breathing there anymore. Like the slow season don't even slow anymore. I was thinking about new Orleans. I mean it's such a
wild card, but every time I visit it's a whole city. Have you been
so much fun? I mean, it's not just like bourbon street, the famous part, but there's a lot more to it. Good music, good food. The festival week, literally like there's always something, obviously not right now, but it's like there's literally always something to do. Pretty cool.
God,
I don't know. It's so different than colorado. I'm used to like no humidity. Like you no long winners, eight month winners and stuff. And I like, I like superhuman. The bugs are enormous and it floods sometimes. Like, well, I'll figure it out. I figured out a lot of winners. So. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I got massachusetts and then in the matter of the colorado, I haven't lived like in the south or somewhere like just more unique or hot or anything. Like it's just such a different feel. And then we, well,
I think we'll see when that happens. I got a plan. Um long term.
Yeah. What do you think you're gonna do once you're done with school? I know.
you know, so I was never like, I knew I wanted to move to the mountains, but I had no other real. Yeah.
There's a lot of doubt. Like a lot more straightforward jobs I feel like in that field. Mhm.
My name
is.
Yeah. You're funny at time. I have a friend that was an astrophysics major and he ended up getting her PhD in astrophysics and I think she teachers now professor. I'm not sure. I don't know you research and teaching I guess kind of what you do with that degree I imagine is mostly just research and teaching. But the point is a lot of different possibilities but both are anything. I mean as your business is super interesting. Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
We were
double major then he intends to have astro physics and computer science was a major. I mean they're really pretty, you know, involved. I mean it gives you options.
Yeah. No signs.
You die for you.
You have to take more than four classes a semester to do it or not really.
I
think
a lot of interest general classes. Yeah. Yeah. That's good that you knew I mean I thought I knew it as an econ major. Mm we're doing that. And then started in like, in such history because it was interesting, really plan, but it was easy to finish because it was an easy major to finish in two years, taken just a couple classes for fun. So I ended up with a minor Economics and the major in history. I mean it was just, there was no plan. It was like, What I wanted to do and then a few years and you're like, well, I really didn't know at 18, but I wanted to no, what has
happened
for like most people, you're lucky, you kind of know more. It's hard
to get in here at this day and age. I wish I had done more with like web programming or design or like digital journalism or media. I just look back at it like at the time those things weren't like pushed as much, you know what I mean? I feel like I'm not like that was that long ago, but I graduated 10 so it's like, I don't know now it's like there people were aware of what she actually made her in the future.
Are
they?
I know
that.
You know, there's so much like web stuff now to versus just like peter science. I feel like like design and maintenance and all that kind of stuff is huge. That's something I wish I had learned more about. But this time if I really want to, I don't know the details of like what program and stuff are drive you insane. Computer science. In college, I had to take a science course and that counted. Um, we have to just like very basic websites and you have like one thing off and you just like, oh my God, why isn't this whole thing is broken? You already
say?
that's for life. I like that anymore. Or no.
They use html still or not really? Yeah.
Video in your classes.
All
I
think.
Yeah, that's the best thing.
I think that's so important because so much of what tech companies want to know is how people are interacting with their technology. Like these like study type things, like not a sound prolific but like I don't you ever use the website, the Scout, they'll do like Longer Market Research Studies where you pay like $100 or something and they talk to you for an hour or that kind of thing. A lot of them are focused on like what you think about your digital system and how you're interacting with it and how you're using it and like just streamlining you know, I think they're trying to streamline this process is of like make our technology seamless in our lives. That's like an area of that. Um That's interesting a
program
on the back end but yeah. Oh
so it's an app
and a
website version, it's called the Scout. Just like the letter D. Scout. You have to apply to Mission. Sometimes you have to answer a few questions recorded like a one minute video of yourself talking and when you get selected emissions pay really well you just, sometimes you do, sometimes you don't, I've gotten like a few that paid anywhere between 20 550. And depending on how when you just have to do like 150 for two weeks. Just recorded like A diary entry about using technology every day and it was pretty easy like 10 minutes a day. One was
like right over there asking me about like ideas for this button that controls music. Like just random one was like you have to put virtual lipstick on and like okay after you can like try, you know, try. So they
have been interesting. Um Right. Yeah. You don't always like get selected and you do have to put a little bit of time into applying to a bunch and seeing if you ever get them. But another good like side way to make money if you have a lot of spare time on your hands.
And then you just cause or are you still there? Mm.
You
know when you get a study there so easy just like watching tv answer questions and I've made several $100 for looking at this point. I mean it's impressive how it adds up or it doesn't seem like a lot then you look and you're like wow. Yeah
it
comes in waves like there'll be moments where I feel like I'm getting done and then I get a bunch and then I get none. Uh huh. I have noticed that my parents also use it which is funny about it and they get way more surveys And I think it's like their demographic is less common because they're 70 you know so it's like they were still serving to do where it's like I lost and I'm like lucky if there's one or not. So. Yeah
it's.
huh. Yeah I've been doing this other side to, it's called Nevo and it um never defined crowd, it's like micro work kind of like crowd sourcing type stuff and it's all like training. That's been pretty good to me. Lots of like listening to like computers and evaluating like their voice or like if they sound natural and then like how well they transcribe things so it's all like that kind of a related stuff which is somewhat interesting. Yeah.
exactly. You are contributing something a lot of the other survey sites, you're contributing more to like market research for life.
fine like I do it so invited definitely more about like products. Uh
huh.
Um
For more interesting in that sense. But yeah I mean when I was unemployed I was unemployment and it was like I kept making money but I have nothing to do with my time. So I start researching all these and they're kind of a way to make side money that you don't need, it doesn't affect your unemployment. It's just now I'm like an expert in all these sites become a
Vincent for a lot of people during this, but
I got rejected so I tried to sign up for it and all it said to do is log into my amazon account and then it said you were rejected was like why?
It
actually make decent money on it. So it's kind of annoying. I don't know what their requirements are. But I usually I don't use my own amazon account basically. Ever I use my friends crimes always every London. So I haven't had any of my personal amazon years. I wonder if that was why wow, I don't know what qualifications or it's like you don't ask me anything, you just have the log in and then rejected me.
Really? You can. Yeah, I could I was like a like they're probably not gonna accept me and it's like with these kind of things it's hard to reach a human you know you can't really like talk to someone, you just kind of hope that things work and usually they do but funny that you have that problem too because oh I want to write
so that
You know.
That's
not
what it was like but I found their pretty reliable with very reliable with payment and it kind of started with the things that are just a few cents but they only take a few seconds and then I started getting things that uh pay more and add up faster. Obviously it only takes a few seconds. It's okay if it's like five cents you know it as I started to get like higher paying ones and Could actually accumulate money doing it instead of just like a few cents at a time. I think like 400 with the bow so far, so it tells you can add up but the time and figure out what's worth your effort and what's not like certain tasks may not be in, Everyone's are easy and you can you can add up so it just depends. Yeah,
that's not gonna replace like a real job if you actually need like a full income, which I don't currently, but it's like if you did yeah that's not, it's not gonna pay your right uh side money, especially if you're just like watching tv or doing nothing anyways.
Have you been working at all while you've been in school or just kind of focusing on? Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds like a good job. Yeah.
I do not want to like over what I mean, you have a full course load in two majors. You don't need to overwork yourself well yeah, I worked part time through most of college but it definitely wasn't like overwhelming them out. You know if I focused on school it takes a lot of your time. Yeah.
Ernest
All
I know
we are you
are a full job and going full time to like you know school like Williams or where I went because they are so demanding be different taking a few classes at a time and just like trying to slowly work towards something. But yeah, when they're not intensive it's really hard to do it all. You
know I have a life,
I'm for once enjoying the fact that like after 10 years of working, I mean don't get me wrong, I took plenty vacation's over it all the time, but so like working you know all those years and so nice to have a break from working, it's like I felt well again when you have a summer and don't work and I just haven't had that since I graduated, I wouldn't be straight away after I graduated at a company I've been interning out, so it was like, yep, Greg, once you're in the real world for a while to not being for a minute,
I would think that
your
vacation kind of thing. I mean, my job is flexible and I can take a lot more time off during our slow season then than most jobs, and I'm trying to continue that, like a flexible type job and schedule going forward, but yeah, yeah, it's different, it's different, I have to ask before this is over, what's the, what's that shard of behind you?
I
like
a little bit on the bottom and I couldn't see the planet. Yeah.
No, I love it. Mhm.
Whoa.
Yeah, That's cool. No, I like it, I like space and nerdy stuff,
Okay.
they're tibetan flags, they're not mine. Um This was my sister's room growing up and I took it over, so the decor is mine in here, it's just temporary. I'm not going to overhaul it, so Yeah,
it's got a little something about it, so. Well, well, Did we hit 25 minutes?
we'll make sure we don't kind of
charting whatever is your daughter now, I think we're good. It was actually really talking about what
whatever
school and they say.
You take care,