Well, how about you?
What's
your name?
I'm Lauren.
No, so I've actually done to others um
What about you?
Nice. Yeah, they've they've been really fun. I've been enjoying them.
Have you?
I'm in massachusetts, like Western medicine?
I'm in like the berkshires,
honestly,
I'm not sure. So I'm actually from colorado, I just go to college here. Um So I yeah, I'm honestly not super great at all of the geography.
so I'm from like outside of Denver, like towards the mountains.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, that's that's like pretty far up there in the mountains.
That's so fun.
wow. Yeah, that's a long time. 10 years.
got,
so I'm going to Williams.
Yeah, it's pretty small, A lot of people haven't heard of it.
I'm a junior. Um So yeah, one year left after this, which is kind of crazy about
gone by fast. Mhm.
Yeah so it's kind of weird so we're like they let people come back to campus if we wanted to come back. Um And then we yeah so it just depends on like what each individual professor wants so like they could choose to do their courses online or um you know have like in person meetings. Um Yeah so I think think like half of my about like half of my classes are in person and half are online.
Uh huh. Yeah it's been kind of weird even just like just like all the restrictions and stuff like they're not really letting us leave campus at all like for anything. Um Even yeah even
like.
Yeah I mean yeah it makes
them,
Yeah it's definitely been a different experience but
I don't know, I'm I'm glad I decided to come back and that there are at least like you know doing some like in person stuff. So.
Yeah.
Or are you working in boston or just
saying a family?
like this.
It's a crazy time.
Yeah. Do you know where you want to move?
Yeah. I totally feel that even just
like having been in college for two years you know I would see them over breaks and stuff. But then when you know when everyone got sent back um from colleges like in the spring I went home and it was so strange. I was like I felt like I was in high school again
like living at home.
that that that yeah for sure. Yeah home home cooked meals are always very nice.
That's really nice.
I know. Yeah. I feel like, yeah I just I keep thinking it's gonna like be over like a few months and like it's just like
keeps
going.
Yeah definitely.
Um Yeah. So do you not not to speak of future plans too much but
you said you said you were thinking of like moving away again at some point? What do you think you'd go back to colorado or go somewhere else or?
that's right.
No I've never been there but
Yeah. Oh yeah that sounds really
fun.
no that's that's cool. I feel like getting different perspectives and like it's it's fun to travel around.
No
Fine.
so yeah honestly I'm not exactly for um Yeah.
Yeah I mean I'm so I'm majoring in computer science and astrophysics, um but yeah, I'm thinking I probably want to go into something more of like the computer science side um just I feel like there are more options and like just
yeah, I still don't know exactly what I want to do, so just kind of hearing it out if I go,
I
guess,
yeah, it's been really fun. Um It's also, I don't know, it's like I I almost like I was considering dropping astrophysics and just doing computer science just because I don't know like the physics courses I have to take for the major are just really intense
and like a lot of work um they kind of kill me, but um yeah,
I'm glad I decided to stick with it
and
Yeah, yeah, it's also, I think a lot of people at Williams, double major because we don't have like minors, which is kind of weird, we have like concentrations, but they're, they're very like feel and far between and like in really bizarre like subjects, so um yeah, so I think a lot of people end up double majoring so,
but
I know, yeah,
yeah, no I yeah, I actually don't um I think I also, I came into college knowing that I was pretty interested in like astrophysics and computer science and so I like kind of started taking those courses like right away. Um and so yeah, I feel like I feel like it's hard for people, like they don't know what they want to do and
then
like
that's
karma,
I know, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, it's interesting, yeah, I think Nikon is also like a really big major here, I think like Nikon and uh computer science or like the biggest ones, which
I
think I think it's pretty typical of like a lot of colleges. Um But yeah, I think I think it's interesting how like computer science didn't even exist, you know, just like,
Like
20 years ago, like it was pretty small and like now it's like so popular and just like everywhere and like
He's just hungry.
Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. So it was it was html that you are programming and Okay.
Wait what?
Yeah, I think that's like the main yeah, I think for like websites. Yeah.
So yeah, I actually haven't really done any html um although I I took like a very like very low level or like just like not very intense course in middle school actually that we did some html. Um Yeah, I I haven't done anything with that sense. Um But but yeah, so I'm actually so I'm taking to computer science courses right now and they're they're more focused on like the human interaction with computers, which is pretty interesting because um yeah, I've never like done anything or like you know, I've I've never taken a class about that. Um And so it's it's cool like one of our assignments was to like contribute to a Wikipedia article and like get that experience
and um Yeah, which which was really cool actually, I never contributed and I was surprised by like how easy it was,
it's
just there for like
Yeah. Yeah, so it's it's been cool, it's like most of my other computer science courses have been more, you know, just like the programming and coding and like you know, learning algorithms and stuff. So it's my whole thing more like the human side of things. So.
What what
what was that website?
Yeah. Wait what what what was that website you said again?
I
don't know.
That
Well
Yeah. Oh yeah, that's cool. Yeah. I hadn't even heard of prolific or anything. It was it was actually one of my classes, one of my computer science classes that we were looking at like crowd sourcing and so we were supposed to like sign up for prolific or mechanical turk um and like get that experience. So um
Yeah, I've just been continuing with it just because it's really fun and like making money, it's always
good.
Yeah. I feel like at the beginning I was getting like a ton of surveys, but I don't I don't know like this past week, I feel like I haven't got money and maybe I've just been like doing other things. But I don't know. I I definitely
hope it.
Yeah. Yeah. I've wondered about
that actually. Yeah.
Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. I feel like yeah, I haven't used like any of the other ones, but I I feel like with prolific you know, it's nice to be like contributing to research and like other routes.
Yeah, that's true.
yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh
Have you ever done mechanical turk?
Okay. Yeah, that happened to me too, because that was like that was another option for this assignment. Um But but yeah, it was so strange and like I have no idea
why.
I know. Yeah it was it was weird, I I tried looking up online like why they would reject people and it was like very unclear and they were very like.
it was weird but yeah at least like so from talking to people in my class who were able to do it, I don't know, it sounds like mechanical turk has a lot of like issues and like just like buggy
like work and like a lot like most of the things only pay like a couple cents and it's more
of like like instead of like answering questions, it's more of like actually like doing things like labeling images or stuff like
that
so.
Yeah.
Yeah it's like you might as well
and yeah so I'm working as a teaching assistant um this semester for actually for the observatory which has been really cool. Um So I got to like like work the telescope and help people if they're observing and stuff so
it's been fun. Um Yeah I don't work like that many hours and so I don't get paid like that much but yeah it's still it's still something that it helps so.
Yeah especially yeah like if you so I actually run cross country here and so like with
with that along with like cool and then I just I'm so impressed by like people that you know work like full like
part time jobs like you know
it's
impressive.
it's
like that.
Yeah. Yeah that's yeah I've thought about that like how
it is to like have the summer off like school and it's like hello? Yeah, once once you're
out of school like
But Oh so
yeah, so this is one of
my,
yeah, no it's like it's my nerdy astrophysics
Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I forget what I'm like on video, you know? I'm so used
to just like that's how it is and I forget that that's behind me. But
well yeah,
are those like flags behind you or what what are?
that's called though.
I think so. Yeah, I think we started right it that far. Um
I
You as
well.
Yeah. You as well. Yeah. Have a good rest of your weekend.
Bye.