mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mm mm. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh.
Hi.
Oh no, that's never good.
No, just, I've been here like two minutes so it's fine.
At least you knew how to fix it because if that would have happened to me I would have been lost.
fabulous,
I'm impressed that you can even have the capability to do that
well.
Good.
25 minutes. Yeah.
Yeah. So what's your name?
Okay.
I am your lips sure.
wow.
Are now prolific is really the only one that I'm familiar with. So are the other ones are the other ones just exactly like it
or?
News.
Okay.
Que me like C. U. E.
The letter Q.
Well
those
are those like, are those your favorites, the ones you feel like are the best?
I, I don't have much of a background in I. T. Um In fact
I'm
in office.
I my background is mostly in social work um But right now I'm working as an office manager just doing like H. R. Type things. Um And then I'm a mom so you know two little ones like that keep me busy. Hello? Yeah.
No.
do.
Fabulous. Yeah
so I actually just started with prolific in february. So um my husband had been doing it for a while and he got um he got a screener for a study that your spouse also needed to be on prolific and you would do it together. And so that's why I originally signed up but um you know right after the next month was when everything kind of shut down and we were at home all the time, so it's been nice for just like, I just keep my computer open all day and if something pops up and I have time, I do it and it's good. Um just extra money, you know? Uh
so awesome.
I will check, I'll check those out. I appreciate that.
My name is Jan and I live in northern Kentucky right across the river from Cincinnati And um married for five years. We
actually,
we are, yes, this is my
second marriage. Um
but we, it was actually eight years ago today that we met. So Yeah, and then I have an 11 year old daughter
and a four year old daughter and they keep me very busy.
So yeah, I've actually already been to a soccer game and back this morning and
well the woman is trying it, she's she's, this is her first experience and she's liking it but still a little unsure. So.
well
they don't they don't because it's outside and they just encourage um the Spectators to you know, kind of socially just you know, sit farther
apart
and the kids really at that age they don't there's not much contact, they're really just kind of running around.
Well
that's that's what
they're saying. Yeah.
it's crazy
and so
I mean especially
having having kids and being stuck in the house with them for months and now you know the school year is getting ready to start and that's all messed up and my oldest is going into sixth grade, so that's where they start middle school here. Um So you know, middle schools kind of unsure.
Crazy any time anyway
and
now she's starting they're starting virtual so she's never even stepped in the building in her life. It's just I can't imagine. I don't know, it's
it really is and it's um I don't know it's it's not something that I ever really thought I would see in my lifetime
and I get so it's naive of me to have thought that way.
It's
crazy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Most
of
the tax I mean we um
pretty
much for,
yeah, but I have the flexibility to be able to work at home mostly. Um
And I did strictly work from him about March april May and then things kind of started easing up around the end of May um here and so I started going back to the office. Um You know, probably about 50% of the time. The nice thing about my job is that I don't have set hours, I can go whenever it fits in my schedule. Um
and a lot of what I can do at home and if I need to take the kids with me to the office, that's fine. So it's really, I mean it's been a blessing, especially during this time to have that flexibility. Um
So for for the summer months we've been we've been getting out more, you know, we're still cautious and we wear mask and use hand sanitizer a lot and um but we are getting out of the house a little more,
I
feel like for our mental health, not that was we needed to do that.
I'm
kind
of,
I'm kind of worried about what the winter months are going to look like though, because, you know, then you throw the flu in the mix and it's
cold out and you can't just go out in your yard and
get, you know, it's like, it's gonna be
No, I agree.
I
think it's realistic at this point
more than,
you know,
So it's been interesting for us because my husband was never able his job, it was deemed essential. So he always had to continue going to the office. He he's an engineer, but he works at a company that does government contracts for naval ships and so they build parts um so they, you know, were required to continue working. So even when the kids and I were home and quarantining, he was still coming and going every day. So
I'm just, you know, thinking ahead into the winter months of that's a little scary, you know,
episode.
And
then
Cash.
So
you were never tested though?
No.
It
was
before people really knew what
was going on.
I like uh for me it's nice with the kids and just having the flexibility of the, you know, you get on and you work when you want, but if you have a busy day and you are not able to get on and that's fine too.
So that's really really been nice. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, financially we we have been okay um you know, it didn't affect
either of our jobs um pay wise um
But we do have a lot of friends that um have been laid off, I actually we live really close to the Cincinnati airport, so um a lot of my friends husbands are pilots and they're seeing huge, I mean huge ramifications financially
and they're getting ready to basically be furloughed indefinitely. Um Yeah, so it's I mean there's a lot of people that
Well you would think um but I guess with the airline industry you know the number of people flying has gone down so much that the airlines are cutting people back staff just to stay afloat. Um You know that could go back up in the future. I mean we've seen we've seen that happen with the airline
industry before. Um But I think it's just it's just really scary
the
number of people on unemployment, you know and I think it's it's overwhelmed the system so much that the people that really need the benefits are not getting them and so then those people you know you can't get through to call anyone about it and so you're just it's a mess. I
don't know
if unemployment is the same out where you are but it's
a mess here.
Yeah.
No I don't either. I did in the beginning
in March
I thought so the kids will be off school for maybe a month and then no we'll be able to travel by the summer you know here
it
is the end
of summer not
going anywhere
no.
in our area what they did was they gave the parents options so you could choose to send your kids back full time just like normal you could choose a
hybrid
option where they would go to school two days a week in person and the other three days of the week would be online or you could choose to have it all virtual. So they basically left it up to the parents and then once everyone made their selection that cut down on the number of kids who would be in the building at any specific time and um so we were all set to go that route. And then um just a few weeks ago the governor um issued a mandate that, well first he issued the mandate that schools not start till the end of august, We were we were supposed to go back on the 12 and he pushed that date back and then about a week after that he came back and issued another mandate that well it wasn't a mandate, it was a recommendation. He recommended that schools not go back in person until the end of september.
so basically the way that played out was the public schools followed his recommendation and
the private schools pretty much did whatever they wanted. Okay.
So my kids are in public school so we're starting on Tuesday um and it's going to be all virtual at least for september
and then they said then we'll reevaluate oh,
you know, it's it was a hard decision because especially for my older daughter, I I see such a lack in her socialization right now
um and just that I I see some some repercussions with her for just not,
you know,
getting out in a while. So we actually had, we opted in for the hybrid option where she would go to the building two days a week with a reduced number of class, you know, people there and then she would be home the other three. And I figured that would give her, you know the socialization and the opportunity to you know, being middle school
and see her friends a little bit, you know, they were going to have to wear mask and do all that. Um So I felt fairly comfortable
with that. Um but then when they changed it, you know she's all upset and I never get to see my friend. Um
So you know as a parent it was a hard decision and I know a lot of people that we're like my kids are not going no way and then I know a lot of people are like I need my kids to go every day all day you know so there was a lot of you
know all ranges of the spectrum but.
Well.
interesting. I know they finished last school year virtually and I will say for her that was the case she never had bad grades. Um But they did go up and I think for her because she has a little bit of A. D. H. D.
So
she has some trouble focusing in the classroom. You know if there's other things going on and so the fact that she
didn't have interruptions you know she could just focus and also it was nice for her to be able to take a break and just you know she could get up and go to the bathroom and do whatever get a snack when she wanted and so that helped her a lot as well.
I've wrote all those down so I'm definitely gonna look them up.
All
this has been a very painless conversation sometimes
they're a
little
I'm sorry.
No I just have you done the same study before?
Okay. Yeah I've done it several times as well and some of the conversations are definitely easier than others.
No I know
I mean you you've been very easy to talk to sometimes you get people in your like pulling strings, like, um, well, what's your favorite color? I don't know what to ask you.
It
was very
meet you, too.
too. Thanks.
Have
day.