Hello.
Hey how you doing? Sorry I was late I had little bit of a virus on my computer to take care of.
Yeah I took her favorite though. Where you have you been waiting long?
already so
yeah I have a background in I. T. So I know how to
uh yeah as a matter of fact I may even track the person down who tried to attack my system and let them know don't do it again. So. Yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah Already
so
I guess we got what 25 minutes to.
Yeah it'll go by quick it'll go by quick. Yeah
my name is brian you're the first person asked that because sometimes people are uncomfortable with that. So yeah yeah my name is brian uh live in warren michigan uh
been married 25 years. A wonderful wife and uh
doing some sales in I. T. And then the rest of the time I do this. Uh Yeah yeah I do not just this but uh prolific. Uh swag bucks uh amazon mechanical turk. Um I probably I'm thinking um 30 sites. Uh Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah.
No
no it's a little different from what I love about prolific. Is that what you know you know when you log in every survey or task is um you know it's guaranteed unless you just miss it. You know what I mean? If they have enough participants then you're missing but you might if you're interested you might want to check out user testing you ever tried them? User testing is a
okay yeah let's take notes. So uh user testing is uh for software testing and it's just that I mean people who don't have background maybe and I see they get intimidated but it's not anybody can do it and what's that? So let's say you log into a a new website and you just trying to familiarise yourself with it user user testing will pay you to do just that. Just speak out loud. You know what I mean? Because you're not being tested. The site is being tested. So you sign up as long as you have a Windows or Mac. Uh you know fast enough internet connection You're going and it takes a minute to see how many tests you qualify for and you know how that is. You're not going to qualify for a bunch but you qualify and you can make 50 extra bucks in a week. Yeah
they just as a matter of fact this morning they just sent me $10 and I got like 30 more that should be coming. So that's another one you might want to check out. Que me?
No Q. Like just the letter Q.
And M. E. With two E. So Q. E. Dot com. Uh that's more of a survey site sort of a gpt site. Uh but uh I don't know, I think I've made 2300 bucks with it. Another one you might want to check out is a paid viewpoint dot com. P. A. Uh Just like it sounds paid viewpoint dot com. And it's another one. You will qualify for every task. You don't have to, you don't have to pre qualify. Uh I think the cash out is at $15 and I mean I go on and on so tell me when to stop because I could I could
I
could
user testing is my favorite is Que me is one of my favorites. Uh What what what kind of background do you have?
No
you don't,
you don't have to have I. T. No. Yeah.
know what what you might like this kind of way on the other side of the fence so to speak but I think you would be a great fit. Have you ever heard of Cambly
dot com? Uh C. A. M. B. L. Y. Cambly actually pays people to teach, you don't have to have a teaching degree but if you have a background social work I mean your your background is perfect. So don't don't think if you don't do you have a degree because you don't have to you
have a degree? Okay. Uh And they work with me, I have no degree, I just have a background in I. T. So Cambly, C. A. M. B. L. Y. Dot com. What they do is they pay people to have conversations with asians people in other countries. Uh You're helping them learn english and they already they already have the uh what do I want to say the curriculum set up? So it's not like you set up anything you do you do a video interview I mean you just create a video of yourself to him about your background uh you know be little patient especially with covid you know the application process a little slow and if they don't hire you I would be shocked. I I think you would be perfect and they pay um you know you can make $30 a session. You can make uh you could you could actually make a full time you can make a part time living Doing that depending on what you do. So uh so those are just for and that that Cambly one I would definitely give that one shot. I think you like that
yep.
is,
Yeah,
yep. Not a problem. No. So what's your name?
you guys
are kind of new Delhi where it's still
That's
Okay.
All
I imagine. I can imagine.
Oh, really, they're doing soccer out there?
I mean, I'm shocked that they're allowing it. I mean you guys had a mask
on and all that,
Stay
at, stay apart. Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I hear they're the ones that uh what they get, they get infected the least. I mean
that's what I heard.
Well,
yeah, so that's cool. Okay so what do you think all this covid stuff
it is?
It
is
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
unsure times.
Neither neither.
no I didn't think that I mean this is you know what I mean, it's just like uh you know like a plague. You know what I mean?
It's frightening.
Right. So
do you so you're at home most of the time even with
the social
work
or?
Hr
I'm sorry you say Hr
Okay.
yes.
I can imagine.
that's good.
That's good.
yes yes yes me and my
wife
we
agree totally. Yeah.
I
no
I think it's going to be bad you know not to be pessimistic but
that the Doctor Who I guess he was trump's uh I don't know what he was to trump but he was trump's doctor and now I know you've seen him on tv uh I forget his name but he's the doctor that I don't know, he seems to speak to everybody United States about this. He says he says the winner is going to be like something we've never seen. And I and I I tend to want to agree with him because everything that he said that he said up until this point has come has come true. Yeah so we're stocking up me and my wife we just left the dollar tree so we're you know we're gonna be stocking up as much as we're able you know and uh I mean I agree I don't I don't want to be pessimistic, but you know, it is what it is, you know the
reality.
Absolutely,
absolutely,
absolutely. Yeah.
What?
sure, sure. Yeah. You're concerned
about your loved one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm, so, me and my wife were little, were a little older. Um, I have asthma, she has a heart condition. So when I, the company that I was working for, I was actually on the bus for a little while because had some car issues and well no
more.
And I actually think I caught covid after after having a phone, virtual appointment with my doctor and he says he believes that I, that I had it. But I just, because I've had asthma all my life and normally somebody with asthma or it would take him out, but he said he thinks because my body is so used to uh I don't know, fighting germs that that it didn't take me out, but I'm sure I had it, it's the
grace of God because I was I had the fever, the sweats, the upset stomach that had I had everything and so now it's past, so I'm very happy, I'm very I'm very
happy to work from home.
No, because
I actually got sick and um november. So I think
I
think
notice
that yeah, I think it was going on, so I went through, I started um shutting down and self distancing and I'm you know my wife fixed with me, I'm kind of that way by nature because I work I work with technology, so I'm used to being at home with my computer, so over the period of time I just got better, but but I was worried about her getting sick because you know, I don't want her, she has a heart issue, so you know the two of us with our issues, you know we we don't, we get sick so I'm happy it's over, but I like working from home and like I said all of these sites that I use in addition to the job, helps me uh do what I do and then my wife's income without, you know, without that I could I could live but I would be I wouldn't live where we live now, we live in a decent place, but online I think iphone line man online is awesome, you know? Yeah.
that's fine too, yep,
I have this other side I used called my points and um well I was using that to me and my wife could build up enough points to take, take a trip because they will actually cover my trip and uh I started using it ahead of time because we needed it, so it's it's just an awesome thing, so your husband, that's pretty cool, so you guys have never really um I don't know because of Covid, it didn't really hit your pocketbook too much, although other than being scared that he had to keep going to work
and
Mhm.
brilliant.
you mean pilots are being a, you know because you think of a pilot, you know, at least I thought that if somebody was a pilot that they were set that they would never have to worry about finances.
good,
It is,
no, no,
it
is
absolutely,
absolutely. Yeah. You know out here there where I guess across the country, but there's people who never got their stimulus check, I mean the first one, let alone, you know, the second one, if it happens, you know, we don't know what's going to happen, but yeah, I know quite a few people who are just now getting their unemployment, I know some people they're not getting unemployment, so what I do, what I'm thinking about doing, I think what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna I'm gonna put together a book, I'm gonna write a like something quick, you know, just something quick, get on Youtube and start talking about all these sites that I make, that I make money with and start sharing that information because I don't know, I you got to have more than one source of income now you really do. Uh
And I think this is gonna be the new normal for a little while. I don't I don't think this is going away in 23 months.
idea.
To
And I
thought
all
nope,
not gonna happen. Yeah. I
kind of blew it off like, you know this is nothing we can take. And then uh when I got well after know when I first heard about it, I had gone through the sickness and I was like well you know, I went through it and then I you know thousands of people and you know that's still happening every day, 1000 dying every day. So I said no, no, this this is uh this is nothing to take lightly. You know what I find interesting though? I wanted to ask somebody and I want to ask you if you don't mind being a mother. What how do you feel about I mean how do you the kids haven't going back to school? Is that mandatory or is it optional?
I'm
not
Okay. Like a strong recommendation. Yeah.
All
is what they do anyway? Right.
What
Does that make you feel more comfortable virtual?
I see. Okay.
I see. I
see.
But
Hi.
Right.
But
yeah that's interesting to me. Yeah. I haven't had to deal with that. We you know we have step Children and grandchild narrow gone and grown. So I thought that was kind of interesting though. Here's an interesting statistic though, if it makes any difference. Uh you know, the I. T. Thing again, uh it's a, it's a document, in fact the kids that do virtual schooling uh that grades go up. Yeah, so that you know, if that's any comfort, you know, it might not be comfort to your daughter, but you know, if that's any comfort because
there's something about a computer and sitting uh in front of a computer and a teacher or whatever it really causes you to focus and scores go up all the time. Well,
So
do I, yeah,
All
yep, it's awesome because I was diagnosed with a D. A. D. D. When I was younger and I had it bad, I mean real bad to the, to the extent that when I got older I never had trouble working, never been lazy, and then along with sickness, I've been sick with asthma and things all my life, oh my God, so I thank God for finding I. T. Especially in the eighties, because that's when you could, you know, you could you could leave a job or contract and get one the same day, it was just that, but because of my, you know, all over the place, uh I couldn't stay anywhere for too long because I would just want to do something else and then with the sickness, so I just got a mental uh I don't know, it just it was just the way I thought, so I thank God for my stable wife coming along, help me because she was the more stable one and she helped me and at the time I was making good money. So it worked out it worked out so I uh I hope uh please please check out Cambly, I'm telling you. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. And uh I think it will work out good for you. So we had uh we had 11:30 and the time shot
by yep. Uh
good. Were you worried
about
that?
Were you worried about that?
Yeah, I've done this like six times.
He ever had anybody like this?
Just
I had a young lady from college say that she said thank you because some people, you know, but, you know, I'm a salesman too, so I know how to shoot the crap, you know, so I know how to do so Okay, well, it was nice meeting you
and
I wish
wish you well already. All
you.
Bye bye.