Hi,
to meet you.
I'm from Chicago and you?
Morning? Oh, that's cool. Yeah,
mm it's pretty windy, it's been raining on and off all day, so I'm hoping for some fun maybe.
it takes a lot of getting used to, especially if you're not used to it, like you don't notice it, but the amount of sun you get does make a difference and if you go to like no son all of a sudden is like it will hit you hard.
like I moved here three years ago from texas, so it was like pretty sunny most of the year. So I didn't notice it at first like, oh it's seasonal, it's because I'm not getting sun until until other people started mentioning it's like, oh it's that obvious. I thought it was just like, I don't know. Yeah.
Well that's cool.
Mm It's called Lufkin, it's about two hours north of here. Right
mhm,
I spent my childhood here so I'm like, you know what I want to go back, see what it's like, if it's like just childhood memories that are like oh no, it's this amazing place, so I'm like you know what, I'm going to spend some time up there
they live in texas, so
mm I pretty much work retail right now, our story is starting to do like the fulfill online orders, so we shift into the customer's home. So it's
interesting how that's working out. So I hope it all goes well and what about you, what do you do,
I hope it hasn't been too difficult
Yes, I can only imagine mhm
Yes and also the structure that the school provides so greatly you teach
middle school
I
Being
Yeah, that's really tough like
it's the North stone rack so I know that the so it's really exciting especially since I've never been like um I've usually been like on the sales for and stuff so now to be doing something else is like this is different but what I've seen a lot of people are like oh it's basically like a scavenger hunt, you just get a list on like an ipod or and some similar device and you just select items that you're going to search and then you go and get them.
it feels like it but at the same time it's like
ours is a smaller store so we only have like at least one floor and four different departments to search for and were split like that different people in
different
departments.
so that
makes
it a lot easier. And then we're sir since we're searching by department after we gather everything, they'll be like separating it between orders and I'm like that makes it a lot easier than searching the entire store
for
one.
Mhm.
You
I think it's 20% normally, so I'm like yes.
mm. They are um I was pretty surprised because the entire somewhere I'm like okay only if I need to, so I'm like will go in just regularly and after a while, I'm like okay you're a regular here. Mhm. I mean I understand searching for some sense of like normal but it seems like aren't you? Mhm.
like the most that I do myself is like I'll shop in person but I'll go like either really early or really late in the day so it's it's pretty empty and if I have to be outside I'll be like, you know what, let's go to the park and even then it's like, oh, it's pretty busy today. There's lots of groups, let me join us, put on a mask
you're
in stores definitely um out in public, I think that depends on how you feel,
definitely
to go inside buildings that is required
Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty like health and have some
people, if they're outside, they won't bother
with it and then some people, we'll have it like the moment they step outside and I'm like, that's going to be confusing sometimes in the street where I'm at is pretty empty. I'm like,
once I hit like where there's people, then I'll put it on, but for now I'm just gonna relax a bit
Then you see a lot of people just pulling it under their nose and it's like
thanks
that's not effective. You might as well be
without the mask and
especially if um
if they're touching their face a lot like with the glasses, you tend to do that a lot less as well, so maybe bad health.
definitely.
Oh no, it's just me and a cat
when
her name is Neil and she's pretty calm right now since it's earlier in the morning. But usually if I'm talking like on the phone or something, a wanting attention and like climbing up all over me,
we're just or just like standing in front of me next to me and be like, I don't like what she gets angry. Yeah, she does.
She's like um
white and strike.
Yeah,
I've had her for the past two years. He's really playful. She likes getting into plastic and has
lost
two
teeth because of that
like.
Yeah, she'll eat it like um
Oh really?
I think she is because she's born and she wants to play and since it makes a lot of noise um I guess
yes, she lost two teeth like they were crooked from the beginning, but since sometimes I forget to put away a plastic bag or she will go into the trash herself if she knows there's plastic in there and I'm like child, that's why you lost two teeth and most it's like she lost one and the other looked like it was like how
next time I go to the vet I'll ask and they're like okay the sentence of the two front teeth, they're pretty much useless to her. Well that's not too big a deal but if she keeps losing them then that's when I start to worry.
Yeah. Yeah definitely. Like at first I thought she was just playing with it like Hunt's type pounds play but one day I noticed her it's like oh you are eating it, I just saw you with big pieces
of plastic. Not small ones.
thankfully now. No no I haven't had anything like that so far thankfully.
Yes
so do you have just the one cat?
Oh that's nice.
we really like all types of animals a cat right now for me it's just easier to take up take care of. Um Especially since if I'm gonna be out for long periods of day I don't have to worry about letting them out or having to take them out on walks or runs or stuff like that but at the same time if I want to play with her, uh I can do that just from home. Mhm
I really like um the rat terrier, my parents have one and he's such a silly dog, afraid of his own shadow. Sometimes with water dish can has to be firmly
on the ground because if it shifts while he's drinking, he'll jump back from. So he's really hesitant depending on the bowl where he drinks from, like he's just waiting for it to make noise and because he's so jumpy when it finally does, he like runs backs like you
yourself
uh
my dad, he's a truck driver. So where he parks his truck, he saw him one day and he, he asked around like, hey, whose dog is that? And then after Maybe five days he's like, I'm taking them with me.
It is. And it's like we try our best
to make sure that we
actually,
when we had kids, we had like a smaller kitty litter box, so eventually we just washed and it's like, okay, that's
a big water dish for you to not be afraid of. So it's going outside, you have a doggy door, you can go outside to drink without worrying.
Yeah, I do. Um like so far I've been able to visit them at um at
least every year, so it's like I'm really thankful for. Mhm.
Mhm.
Otherwise I like Chicago since it's more diverse um winter last really a long time here, which is taking some getting used to since my seasons basically flips like, okay, maybe four months of winter
down
there
versus the opposite up here.
I think they're just as friendly as like I haven't noticed that too much of a difference. Mhm.
it really varies
from year to year. Um This past winter, it didn't know that much, maybe times and I remember Mhm
once in a while and never enough to like
see
the ground covered, so it's like
just enough to be like really
snowing.
Whoa
Well that like I kept so excited and other people like really obviously hates. No, and there would be like I live in texas for a reason
here,
so I'm laughing because when During the summer it gets hot like up to the 90s sometimes and I'm like I left Texas for a reason. Mhm.
Oh I hate driving in the snow, especially if it's like at least an inch my
car,
my car wants to start skating, so I'm like okay, I hope it doesn't snow. I hope it doesn't snow, like
if
it does, I hope the roads are clear.
that's
amazing.
No.
Yeah, it's pretty much driving in the rain except the rain doesn't go anywhere, it just stays where it is.
Get in an accident. No, but my car has been out, thanks for you while I was the only one on the road, I'm like, oh my God, I'm gonna kill myself out here. You
have
to be I'd rather go big roads. Those are the ones where the salt trucks and light trucks passed by pretty often. So this is the smaller roads, sometimes they don't get to them until a lot later in the day, so it's
like okay, I go through the back roads, I couldn't get out so I'm gonna take uh huh equals go with all the traffic.
Whoa. Like the only times I've driven is like I work custodian for a moment overnight, so I'm like, I was really lucky because whenever I go to work it was really late in the day, so there was no traffic and when I get out all the traffic was going in the opposite direction, so I'm like really, really glad that When my car decided to just get out on me or like
do 180, it's like and by myself, there is no other cars on the road if there are just watching me like okay, yep,
that totally happened.
it really takes some getting used to it, definitely being careful in how you accelerate and how you break and when you're turning. Yeah,
yeah, I just try to be like, okay, just take it one drive at the time, like I've done this before, so just relax, okay,
now I um to work, I can do either I could either take the bus, the train or I can drive to work. It really depends on how I feel like good because I pretty much live like on the outskirts of the city And I work downtown, so it's like
minute drive or an hour bus ride, we'll be like today.
definitely, definitely, yeah.
but can you repeat that again?
it's
pretty much the same, like once you get like further out, it's like smaller communities, like okay, they uh this neighborhood tends to hang out over here and then this neighborhood over there.
I feel like I'm more in the suburbs, in some the big city, traffic is also further away from me. Yeah.
Mhm, I'm like, I like where I'm at because I'm like, oh I can feel like I'm out, not exactly in the countryside but almost, but between time and also in the city.
definitely.
I had started like going to improv shows, I didn't know if I like them yet before goes down and then I did start going to like um concerts and they have like a lot of music festivals during the summer, so I'm like just even if I didn't know anybody here, I could just go out and like have one on my own. So this song is like okay, I'm just getting really into parks and hitting that one nature trail that we
have near here and where I'm at, I'm really close to indiana, so I'm like okay, I didn't know this entire trail was in Indiana was
like
okay, I don't go to the park in Indiana. That's like really,
it was really weird when I learned that I thought the trail went house of it in Illinois and then went into indiana and they're like, no,
it's the whole thing.
And I'm like, okay.
actually have like this little, this map at the beginning of it. And one day I started reading it like really well and I'm like, oh, oh,
I was just that blind
just
looking at it at first in the beginning, I'm like, oh, you're here and that's where you're going. I didn't really pay attention to like where the state line was or enough. You think so? I'm like, okay. So if I ever have to go and say, have you traveled out of the state,
do I have to say I go to indiana or can I just leave that off?
Yes. It's like mm But it's just me and the cat.
they've been um based and healthy. They've been working steadily. They haven't been affected too much by for them. It's pretty much just the same as usual with some restrictions. Like they used to go to church and now they just stay home on the weekends and for grocery shopping is uh
just having to wear the mask. And at the beginning It's like Okay, just one person in the store at a time, so it's like 12 per household. So it was just like small things for them.
My dad's a truck driver, so all he does is just um take um plywood to the home depot in san Antonio like every day. It's just the same trip. And he's like, he's like it for me it's same as always just with
an added
mask and precautions.
She works at a processing plant, like a chicken processing plant and they did shut down for a week, so um I'm not sure how they're working right now, but she says everything is fine. Um They weren't really cautious for a while because um sometimes they spread um
it spreads
easily
there because
of
how
close
contact
they work with other people, but thankfully she hasn't gone sick or knows
anyone that's gone sick. Mhm,
remove the sleeve.
Just about, yeah,
I think so.
It's really
nice to talk to you too.
Mhm.
All right. Bye. Have a good day.