No. Hello near me. How are you doing? one
You know? And then there hold on 1/2. It's really dark. One second.
Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm Oh you never know how good my picture needs to be before they actually won't pay
me for these. Okay.
good. I'm just glad you showed up. This is this
is great. You're the second.
Mhm
Yeah. I don't know what was going on the
first time they ran this, I had three people in a row just like cancel on me. And I was like, so it's like this it's like they'll pay you $14 but nobody will ever accept the thing and it's like
this test. Is this what this is like
it's
Yeah, just like film my my disappointed waiting for like 10 segments. Give me a dollar 50.
But
what part of the country? And
All right on. I'm in Georgia mary.
We're playing buddies. Mhm. We're sharing blake vectors packing full.
Yeah. No, no,
it's
fun.
You will, you will.
I
spoke to one but part of the part of the good. Well I don't even know if it's a good thing. But something that has come from living in Georgia for as long as I have is learning how to talk through conversations. Like I can talk around the old yuppie man's politics in like
in a way that we won't fight and that's on because there's
no point. It's like if I've learned one thing in the last four years is that I will never convince anyone of everything of anything as
long as I live. So
I'm done
even trying
and you can't
feel
them.
I'm sorry. Good.
sorry.
I haven't talked with people. So I've been spending so
much
time
alone
with you. I know when
I started talking to people I'm just like, let's talk about things. But then nothing has been happening and we've all been sitting home for like seven months. So, you
know,
like nice congrats.
My mom killed me the other night. She was like, I watched the most terrible movie and and for some reason when she said that in the back of my head, I just immediately thought of movies, it would be funny that she was talking about and I was like, requiem for a Dream Mother. Like, and she was like, have you seen Mother of like, I can't believe you watched that movie. It's like, it was awful. It was just so bad. What
was
it
even
I mean,
to be fair, I don't think the trailer like nothing really like nothing really prepares someone for that movie is going to be. And
the movie
itself,
it's I mean, it's almost incomprehensible. It's, it's like really, it's like a david lynch religious movie. It's all religious like it's like a button allegories. That's it. But it's upsetting and bizarre and it is so funny that my mother sat there. What's the entire
thing?
no, I mean, I like a good confusing, get moving out
again.
No,
no.
I see some pedals for things that don't need, so just
so I,
you know, so I can hear what's going on. I don't have to rewind over and over, but I don't like it with people try to expose me to animate and you know,
they're they're very specific ones that I like, but they're like, they're like three ever, like all of it that I like.
But
yeah, it's very mm
yeah,
there's pretty much a universe of unwatchable
anime that I don't know who it's for. In fact, I'm kind of terrified with the people that it is for really. But uh
but with that stuff it's like that's the only one that bothers me, doesn't bother me to watch movies with subtitles because I can keep track. But when it's art like when it's animation, that kind of
because I feel like the whole time I'm like looking
back
over wind
just
making
things.
Why?
it's really strange. I don't know why dubs are so bad in this country because any time you talk to a person that's really into foreign films, they're always like they hate
dubs.
They're always bad. It's just like why are they always bad? It's like
they got
bad
voice
actors.
Why?
I guess
it's really strange. I watched that netflix series dark and I was trying to get friends to watch it but they didn't want to watch subtitled things so I was like well they got w
no it's netflix
it's like a netflix german time travel show. It's
it's all right. I've watched too many
times formal things at this point. So now I'm like 12 monkeys is the good one. That's the one I will tell people what I'll watch the rest of it but I'm only gonna tell people to watch 12 monkeys but the tub on that even though I figured
you know netflix it's a german show but it's you know netflix is doing the dubs for their own things that they bring over. So you know you think they got a ton of money will be good. I've listened to. It was not good. It was awful
actually.
Well that's that's the other part of that I've noticed in things when they do, when they do, they love it, it'll be like they get they get a person who has no german accent even though the people are clearly german, everything is written like it's a set in Germany, this is a german thing at least give him the accent, you know, all that
stuff people used to not
one that drags
me out the most is that
Tom Cruise Movie Valkyrie, because you know, it's nazi Germany and like and like Tom Cruise is, let's see and like most of the nazis have british accents, the really, really nazi ones have german accents and then Tom Cruise is like we got to kill Hitler, like you sound exactly the same as you always to. Very confusing,
I think
it's partly that and partly I think just because of how acting started out in the theater, they all think british equals dramatic. So if you want to
give
loftiness to a performance or like gravity gravitas to something that you just
All right now, and half of them are barely comprehensible if even comprehensible at
all.
I did
not understand. Like, I never, like, I caught me like you here caught me in America and you think like, oh yeah, like mary pop like
dick van dyke? No, no,
they
that whole colony riding slang thing, whether it will be like, let's grab a bobo and you're like, what's the bobo? And they're like, it's a cigarette and you're like, why is the busboy cigarette? They're like, oh, you know, because because Popo in the United States means police and p police, parliament's cigarettes,
like, where did you get that? It's gotta be rhyming slang because it rhymes. It's like but none of it rhymed with anything
that you
hang. Like it's the most random thing and they all know it it's all just shorthand so you can't even be like all right, well tell me tell me that what it is like.
I mean there's
And
it's
I have it's
I know
so
many.
all have those problems when they come over here. I had no a bunch of british stand up comics that came to the U. S. And they just have problems with like 100 different things. And most of it are either things like that. Not understanding that something is as offensive to us as it would be like totally fine over there. And then uh what's the other one That's uh no, I can't remember. I forgot what I was saying. But there
was another one that some in trouble all the time. It's so funny to make because they thought that they were coming over to like way land like I guess not british people specifically, but people from eastern europe because they get old tv. This is why because they get old tv and they get movies that are out of date. They still think America is like cowboys. So like when they're like, I'm going to America, I need to watch a bunch of Cowboy movies and get ready on all my slang.
So then they come over in like 2020 with like it's like, y'all boys ready to get some hogs and
shit. Like
no,
not
no. I know nobody speaks like that in florida or Georgia.
Either, you know, anytime
you hear Well,
All right now,
it's
beautiful.
The
Yeah. Even a lot of people I remember, you know, so many climate, the city just gets inundating a climate refugees,
everything 6-8 months and has like 10 years old and it's just like seems like that's a problem does nobody
I know you know. And every one of those people will like freely admit that weather has changed that they remember like being did when they were kids like seasons different like and they will ramp about that shit and talk to you about it for an hour. But if you mentioned warming then all of a sudden oh
I've got a bunch of emails to tell you about
like I don't care
about
your
I
don't even know what's going on with your email newsletters. Dude, I don't I don't want
See the thing about those newsletters is there the things that are too fucked up to put on the internet for like everyone to see like that's
the
old conservative uncles.
You'll
like you would never see them like like they'll never get you'll never see them unless someone sends them to you or someone should give them to you. But they're like these huge crazy email chains, they'll have like hundreds if not thousands of email addresses in the BCC and then it's just the craziest spiel
of
shit.
Like as
soon as
I've not even on thing, I was just like that's those people, that's that's what they've
become.
Thank
you.
My bad.
And
I am
No
because
the media is covering it up there. Just
do not follow the stories.
Like
Yeah, every part of it is easily disprove a ble
trying
to disprove it. It seems like evidence of the conspiracy, trying to up the freedom of thought.
The thing. That whole thing is that there's like the attitude that those people take, like with me or with you is that we are naive and it bothers me. So
research
man.
Think for yourself,
like you're
talking about
now,
just like, no man, they've done research men masked skilled people with carbon dioxide and just like how did certain, like, like doctors, um
like
everyone.
no, it's it's the the whole thing I got to send it to. Don't send me an email,
never stopping.
President
couldn't be that the people
in the world
have
the
access to the best plastic surgeons and spend vast sums of money to achieve the could be that
that
doesn't make anything.
I genuinely think like I when it first started happening with like Pizza Gate, I I wonder
if this is all and this
conspiracy. Like this is my counter conspiracy. Wonder where the conspiracy came from. It's like, is there a bunch of shit about to come out that they're trying to head off before it happens by making it seem like, well it's the democrats, we all know they're famous pedophiles and then
Jeffrey.
But
and how do you like that's such a
like
that,
like there's no worst story that could ever come out about you. But then there's this game, like the world's most famous pedophile and you were a close friend, I guess.
No dinner and put us into being there.
And plus I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure the way that guy did it did like everything was creating like huge smoke screens and a big part of that was doing shit. Like having a private plane flying politicians to their like appearances and stuff. And then
then they were
on the plane. So you know,
it comes out of this dude's big payments pedophile and he's had all these famous people on this plane be in trouble. So they got to help them. They got to, you know, it's, it's all like little webs of influence and stuff. But just like the more I think I'm just like, how do you fight against accusations like that? It's like, well if you make them think that the world has been taken over by the other side, not you. The other
dudes
were people.
I bet.
There's
all
all these super
laugh. Like I
don't
know, I don't know if like one leads into the other into the other or if it's just some weird way of pulling people into one thing because it
seems
like like they got all those teenagers because I guess they were all playing Call of Duty and then they were mad that they couldn't call each other fags anymore. It's like because the freedom of speed called and that just that being told that and because they were teenagers, it was really easy I guess for some sort of nazi people or right wing people to pull them over and the really fringy right wing politics, it's like, okay, I mean how that makes sense. But those kids are so dumb, man, come on
kill.
I had to ask to ask a jewish friend of mine like what the fuck is a Zionist? Because
thinking
everywhere all the time and they're just like throwing
it.
Yes, that's
fine.
Hi.
I think
for I general
my general stance is just support Israel because I don't know
enough
about it and people are real mad
if you don't
You know I mean I
think everybody, everybody should have a home, yes, you
go home and that shouldn't happen.
Well that's kind of everything.
Like there's
funny things, there are these like big hot button issues in America and
then
like
anyone from anywhere else in the world are like why do you guys care about that?
No, no
idea.
You know.
It's
like I can see the things
where it's like even though I think they're ridiculous, it's like, you know, you you don't think gay marriage should be legal because it's in the bible and it's sort of in the bible
but the part of the bible cares about
or believes in but I can at least understand where that's coming
from.
I some of this, you know, I like they just get bent out of shape about the most insane things and then all of a sudden industries disappear because they're just one, we're just gonna boycott this thing until it doesn't exist anymore. And because we're fighting cancel culture, it's like that's cancel culture like
you're talking about. It's so bizarre.
I
was reading this morning about these guys that have been going off and like deliberately setting up uh they set up Youtube channels and then they like build a following and then they used to say a bunch of offensive shit specifically to get bands and then they go on to these other I guess sort of secret Youtube's that exist for like
dicks
bases like sons of bitches I guess
just
just for nazis assholes and trolls and what once you get over there and they bring their other audience over there, These guys are making like $100,000 a year, $140,000 a year. And they did these interviews with them and none of them believe it. Like they're all like you are not a comedian, you are a frightening like pundit on
the
I couldn't do it, I literally couldn't do it. Like
I
I tried to
could I like could I actually just game that out and just pretend and
not.
I know.
people that were making the kids shows like animated kids show and ended up with like crazy, insane things because they're just pulling data from everywhere. So all of a sudden pro Bush propaganda from like the early two thousands.
Yeah, like they there was really specific stuff that had no business being anywhere near a kids show and wasn't put in there And in any kind of deliberate way,
it's an algorithm
pulling data from the internet and just making
it into entertainment random
has completely bizarre and ended up just pulling in very particular thing. I think somebody said there was a cartoon, a cartoon version of Sharon Stone from basic instinct in this
kids
know that the computer made the computer picked that
the computer to
turn it into a cartoon and then showed it to kids. It's amazing.
That's what I'm talking about. It's like an endless series. They made like 10,000 cartoons in a week. Mhm. It's
so funny. I love that we live in this time where we were like very close to where we want to be with the technology, but the technology is generally not ready for what we're trying to do with it, but we don't care. We're gonna make it would anyway. Like I keep
feeling
that
that's good.
we'll be different. They're actually actively bonding. You get a sense that you're being addict to the computer and the computer is a little bit curt with you and you're like it was all
of seven b a little nicer the computer once you're down to that level of emotional engagement I think it will be a different kind of situation but I have no doubt there will be a backlash. People go off and live in the woods. No more technology berg
Might
very
well might definitely
you
didn't seem sort of ridiculous
you know like in the original Star Wars and they don't start droids in the bar and stuff but it's clearly supposed to be like a metaphor
like
you
know
different.
You
don't
mind.
That's
true.
A big part
of it will be on what,
how the
how like everything is set up in the economy. And like if we're still in a free market capitalist society, if they're taking jobs away, then
there
will no way that won't happen. Like if they're taking jobs away, then there will be like full on movements against bots, protest robots hanging
them from the fucking street posts and stuff. But
if we if we got a universal income and we've how to make this actually work for everyone and you know, maybe not. We might might get through might be like Yeah. Growing
up
what?
I swear to God. nine times out of 10 times that that word is used. They
have no
idea
of photography
this.
No, not even.
I know.
And
and
and when it
when
it first started getting bad in like 2016 was when I would trying to explain things like still trying to be like, so what you think the pose
up,
You don't want the post office anybody, you don't like Medicaid and Social Security. But now they've been trained like for those examples typically actually it's not your ridiculous for thinking. It was like, okay, what about police department? What about the fire department? What?
Couldn't, couldn't even care less. I swear if there was, if there was a way for them to vote for stimulus only for Republican citizens,
it would have been done
again.
It's
that's true.
It's true.
No.
So bad.
And now they think they have to deal
with
the post office thing.
That's pretty much everyone like. And then the last one, the last two elections, the dude just straight up stolen because he was in a governor and he was in charge of the opportunity. And then they just, I mean, I mean they basically lost hard drives, but they burn codes. It's just like the
50, we'll set him on fire and barrels.
It's horrible.
Yeah, true. I just
we
live.
I mean, I think, I think the security issues are always there. They just let us vote on the phone. It should just come
through one day.
I'm it would
be so
easy.
It's like
you're
saying,
right, there's no good reason whatsoever. And all of their arguments against voting and voting by mail are completely ludicrous in every
way
they don't think. And it's just like, so you don't have a government system that can make sure that I sent a thing because that's weird because the taxes make me
no,
okay. It's
just
I know, I know
it's
completely
everything set up to being broken so that's like the thing is so was so clear to me this year signing up for unemployment and going through the crazy Georgia mess which is just as much of a mess is the florida one that you've got but just just a differently set up when they both run on like apple twos with that would you? I'm gonna ask you. I
didn't
that's right. Uh
Another
thing I'm sorry.
I was
saying yeah when I signed up for unemployment this year I just like I knew
that they broke that they build these things broken like their support like
the whole of every system
and
Man. Yeah I think you actually are the worst. I think that they weren't like through the systems and
yours
ours bring off.
My.
Yeah and and the santas. Exactly. Almost worse than scott because descent even
making
some decisions. He's just following the lead of an even more lost person like
it's
no,
no, I know, I know, I just, as soon as all this started going down, I was just like, man kemp is not,
I mean that guy, that guy, he made a whole career not giving a fuck who got elected beyond the stealing the election part, which is a very big part of it. He had ads where he's pointing guns and teenagers and collecting mexican fans and like he was the worst
one
ever even put up in the in
the election and now it's just like,
well
he's not gonna stop asking and it's like, yep, okay, that sounds about Ryan like then he's gonna all the tattoo parlors like, yeah, okay, that sounds about right, so maddening, but
and I am,
I just, I I literally have no idea, like
on
an evil like what's going like, and I, for like for four years now I have consistently ask people the question about what happens if the dude loses the election and just won't leave and everybody just kept saying these real calm.
It was
like uh
no, they definitely haven't. It's like part of the whole pride of the U.
S. Election
election system is the peaceful transfer of power. We take huge pride in it, were like, we teach other countries about it, like diplomats to specifically show them see and the one side gives it to the other. And even though they're enemies, they're actually because they're all americans in this hole. I mean everyone's plan is, well, we have to win big, which is not a plan and that's not more, it works. You should be able to win by one vote. It's win big. But beyond that
it's like, oh well if he tries to stay then you know, the capitol
police just drag him out of there like well they, that sounds not
like
it
would happen. That doesn't that sound at all like
it sounds from what I
have learned in these last four years is what will happen is the letter everybody will let them will
protest and you know.
I mean maybe all those people
result.
That's how you know,
we had a problem with a resigned. I'm pretty
most of the people in like all of the parts of the administration are just yes men like everywhere are
you can see in every direction, surely there are some people stopping them from like trading Puerto rico or whatever. But like
you
didn't hear about that one that, that came out two
days ago that the whole fine Greenland thing from
last year, the other part of that was he wasn't trying to buy Greenland, he was trying to trade Puerto rico or Greenland. Which is madness like I mean just like it's, it's like ignorant to the point of being funny but like madness,
it wouldn't like on any level
like Puerto rico be even before
the
last couple of years were already incredibly impoverished in Greenland's about
it's
Greenland's where
everyone
wants to go because of global warming. That's
what
I don't know,
I
just don't even know
like that
shit was so crazy that they didn't even come out all at once. Like we cut the Greenland piece of it a year before we hear about what the rest of it even is because it's so crazy and it's so clearly a Rachel thing
like
I think it's one of the things where like we brought it up in meetings and like everybody around him was like we'll look
into
that, you know, I never got mentioned to anyone else until it got I guess which end there's probably stuff
like that every single day and
we'll just I mean
I liked
it too. I don't know
what
why didn't people like that show? I
thought
it was.
No, I got
I think people in the first week it wasn't more political, I think they thought it was going to be like really really hard core political when it's clearly like it's like,
you
know.
Yeah and I think they wanted more silly than people wanted it to be. But I mean how do you even do satire at this point? You know, there's never been a satire
as
stupid things are and if you made something as stupid as things actually are, people would say bad because
that's
correct.
I know and
it be protecting
they keep predicting things and then they
happen
trying to predict things. They're trying to be ridiculous.
you know, you're not allowed
to say
psych anymore.
Is that what you say? You can't say psych anymore.
I got to say, oh,
I like
site.
all right out of it too. I gave up social media when this started, I was like, I'm gonna
I'm going to adopt a cat
and I'm not gonna have any social media.
I did. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm actually allergic to cats too, and I'm not allergic to this one and I don't know what the deal is. I don't know if it was some cats are like hypo allergenic and maybe this was one, it was the craziest thing. I was thinking about adopting a cat and then like six hours later a cat was on my doorstep cry and I let it in and and it
was stupor.
I know right, and is super friendly, like slept with me and it is like super like cuddly and
knives.
Yeah. I went on next door and I talked to the management of the apartments and all we can figure if we think someone, I think somebody died, let the cat out and then the door never opened again. So she just went around the doors trying to get it back in the apartment and I thought it was when I took
him in
because I wanted a little boy tabby cat, he kept gaining weight. It's like, yeah this is great, he's so skinny and now I'm feeding
him
and he's getting oh also pregnant. So pregnant. Just I've got seven cats
all of a sudden. I have seven cats.
Yeah, it's extremely adorable. It's the cutest thing in the world. But
No, no she's super sweet, definitely domesticated. Like unquestioned.
Oh I'm sure yeah.
Now
if she was Farrell, I don't even think we would have been able to get through this because I had to help with the birth. Like she, because she's so sweet and stuff, she like wanted me to like rub her head through the entire bird every time.
So sweet. She's like the best cat ever. It's amazing.
The Force
Force
For sent a kitty to my door. I know
you just work out right? But I did not want seven cats. That's the
I've never had this situation like I had a cat for years but I got her as a kid and she was already thanks. And so it wasn't an issue.
I just I've never had to like take babies from their mother and like give them away to friends,
I don't know how I'm worried I'm gonna end up with seven cats. I'm pretty sure there's a very real possibility that I'm just gonna be like this crazy cat man all of a sudden just because
I want to take up this little family your soup,
I'm definitely
gonna
fix
it.
No, I
I didn't even really like, I've always, you know, people always say spay and neuter the cats and even if you got straight cats your neighborhood, if you can grab them and put them in a bag, get them spayed too because like cats are a big problem, but I guess I just never really thought about the exponential growth of it like
that.
The vet said that just this just I took a cat into my house, it had six babies. These babies can have babies with each other like and if they stay here and I don't fix them, they will start breeding and then like six months I could have like 200 cats like that can actually
I think it's two months, I'm pretty sure it's two months because she gave birth a month after getting here and she was
apparently
month prince. Okay.
I know. And they the other crazy
part that I didn't know about, they go into heat a week after the birth.
Okay. It's like what are you doing showed
up on my doors?
Oh, I know, it was completely it's just so bizarre. I just kept making fun and I'm just like you're a little trollop, you're gonna get kind of Braschi hey, your little harlot showed up, like we're a nunnery
talk.
All
What?
that's
good.
You know
me?
I think
you're for like oh, yes, because I had to do that with the cat. They were they were like, you have to make sure that like everything that comes that's supposed to come out comes out because like every kittens in a little sack, but sometimes they can get out of the sack before they're born and then kind of gross. But if the stacks stack stays in her that she'll die, like, and then that was my worst nightmare, that something would happen. I mean, I get bottle feed the cats, I got a bottle and everything, but Oh man, I don't want to. They're so adorable. But like, they really, really quickly reached the like climbing in your hair, like just going nuts, like walnuts and off walls and stuff. Like
I'm just trying to keep them calm and asleep as much as possible, but
it's
it's not more, I'm not to let them out in like a week. There are 55 weeks old yesterday.
I think it's about the time I can probably we let them out without worrying about them getting caught behind the dresser and stuff. Yeah.
People there is, I live really close to an animal hospital and you know, and I and I have a bunch of friends, like I I I can put out a call and I know a bunch of like, hippie girls that I think would happily taken it easy and give them very
happy.
You know, and I'm positive I can get rid of probably like half of them and
keep
them, but that still doesn't solve the core problem of me having to take babies from a mother away and then come home later and be like, sorry babies are gone. Like I know that it used to be a normal thing, but just, it seems so intense to me.
I don't know,
I think I'm too
kind
hearted for this. Like if I lived
you be good, you know,
I'm like a
organ.
Yeah, I don't know. I have a bad feeling like I'm just getting up with seven big cats because that's the other part. Their mom is long. She's got like a little bit of wildcat in or something. So she's like this. Yeah, man, not even be able to walk
in my apartment,
but
whatever. It's been
Yeah, I'm pretty sure they don't allow this level of
pets.
I think when people say like you're allowed to have pets, they're assuming that maybe three is the absolute limit of what like a large amount of cats would be like, but I don't know. My old apartment, there was lady there had like There were like 26 stray cats in the neighborhood. They were everywhere all the time. I thought they were just lived in the area or whatever and then they rent $700 and this crazy old lady just moved and all the cats were gone. It was like they were her cats or she just took them. I don't know, but just went from cats
hanging on every
single
just, yeah, cats are gone like okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean she's probably going somewhere better than the one bedroom apartment for her 20.
You never know
in a minute.
I didn't either. Sorry, I've been spent so much time alone
this year. I've been joined this nation.
Yeah, me too. Kids, teenagers. I can't even imagine being like 14 or something like, you know like in that space of like affords,
you know what I mean? Like or like a junior high school, like a junior high student that just got in a relationship, it's about to like start going out places and stuff and then you have
to
think,
I'm sure it's happened thousands of times probably. I
talked
to another driver, I'm sorry, I let you go. But they
have
I talked to an Uber driver and he was he was like, you're lucky. I even got a ride for me. I normally don't work at this time of day anymore and it was like three o'clock in the afternoon. It's like, you know, work in the middle of the day is like, no man, I've been making all my money driving uh teenagers around sneaking out of their parents house. Uh This was like right in the middle of the lockdown. I was just
like, man, that's probably really bad. That's probably not a good thing.
I mean,
I don't blame you at all,
especially
because the first thing they heard about this was that it's not a risk to them, like, so, you know, I mean
self interested, the entirety of the teenage mindset, so if it's right back out of the gate,
like,
you know,
like
going around your Yes,
I've still got some friends trying to shame and guilt me into going and getting lunch with them and stuff, and I'm just like, I can't do it. I am, I can't,
I take care of my mom, She's a risk, You know? That's and that's it. My mom, she's
arrest,
we're going to bring a disease back and kill her so we can get tacos, you know?
Well maybe that's
Well,
yeah. You don't have the
payment.
That's
that's what
yeah, I have
friends who went to somewhere in like upstage some art school in like upstate Georgia that I'd never heard of before and stuff. And they ended up going on this crazy tour of the whole world, looking at like abstract art. And it seemed like, I mean I was, it was like a year long trip. They just covered the earth and went on 100 flights or something. And I guess you can just do that like, you know, if you, you
just
Holy shit. That's
it's true.
That's cool. Yeah. The funny
part about the art school is that none of them ended up artists like they got on in all these programs that do all these crazy things, gonna meet these
like four
just like I'm going to be an accountant sure. Like the most one learned abstract art accountants that ever lived, I guess.
Never have.
Trying to get my brain that's
good.
or if you go to a library
where all that, the libraries continue to exist,
I would search
this but
yep.
that's
true.
I'm
because like the weirdest
part of me, you know, is that beyond beyond
like making kids come back to school, which makes no sense at
all.
The level like the we're going to continue to keep charging you the same amount of tuition that we would if you were
I'm
here
in sport
You basically
Online
classes for 30
grand.
How do
you want?
Thank
you.
And I want,
And they spent like
the last
100 years continually figuring out more convoluted ways to justify more and more expenses that don't actually exist and make it seem like the administration of a college
is the
most expensive business model in the entire world, which is a sense. And everyone knows that is just one of those little lies agreed upon. That americans love to justify systems
and it's just like, man isn't this would be a good time to deal with this because we got nothing else to do. We're all just sitting here
and we could probably figure out a solution
to these two several of these problems. But I'm watching through blood again. That's what just keep laughing about how at any other time in history, if you took like the human race and said, you have to stay inside and you can't
go
out, they would they would definitely be like, okay, but they would have nothing to do with like no internet and no like constant stream
pain. They would just sit there and the mathematicians would sit there and just math.
People would probably just get more religious. But like, I think great art
and great science would come out of it because it's just people alone and empty rooms. But because of the way with like a society just happens to be right now, I'm watching through blood for the second thought, that's what I'm doing. No.
Are you really?
That's cool.
No.
Yeah, I
tried a little time with video games, but then I was like, I'm starting to feel rat maybe like a like a rat in a maze with the video games just moved that.
Well, I mean what Like sit like a single player game, like a store, like a narrative driven game. Like I can get into that 100%. That's just that is just like watching a movie, but taking like an active role in it that can absolutely I can earn 100 hours that way. It's the call of duty. Give me the rat in a maze thing because you kind of are an amazing, like you give you like a little tiny sliver
of them is you go through it pretty much the same way every time you're just trying out different strategies for one thing. Like it is literally a matter raised a rat in a maze scenario, it's just like uh
you know, I tried to play fallout online because I was like well I got lots of time and
everybody always says this wasn't good but I love fallout, so you know how bad could it be, it's dull, they weren't they weren't lying
kind of reading and I like the reading and the Fallout games but I don't want that to be the entire game. That's too much. Did you play the Avengers beta?
Grey,
it
bums
me,
the game is not very fun either. Not really, it's got a lot of customization stuff and you can see where the micro transactions are going to be a big, big part of
it and that's kind of a bummer in and of itself, micro transactions will be pointless because like you know
like your kamala khan and like you know our little pared down superhero outfit, she has nothing on her arm, but you can change the things that she's wearing on
her arm
to give you like stat upgrades or whatever, but there's no visual component to it. You're not
like
do what
more, It's not
in visual.
I know
right? It's so weird and so it's just literally like this
part
of your
arm is giving you. Uh huh.
We
Yeah. I still, I still play assassin's creed games but I don't finish them. I never
each them. There's just so
it's like
Far Cry. Far Cry is the same way where it's literally like this is busy work, we've
left the story.
it's a reversing of the level. It's fun.
It's like Spiderman and swinging is enjoyable. Then you'll swing around all night getting where you need to go and but like with assessments create most of the time you're just running you're
just running
No.
know they
I did too. I wish they drifted away from a lot of things
when they decided we're going to make these games forever. Because like it does it first and it seemed like that was a series that was going to have an ending that was telling a story that was building up to a climax and then that climax just never happened. Maybe it did and I didn't finish that game but I don't think it did and then it's just oh
it's not I just think it's funny that there's like a point where in game obsessed ergo is making games and you're playing the games that Webster go is making in the game, it's just like
damn,
I'm
just
time.
it
was
even just
the pirate chances just Yes,
It's just, it feels so good just to be on the boats and just sailing with everybody's singing the songs. Yeah.
I was so excited to get on the beta for google
stadia for
for odyssey before it came out and I was like, oh, you know the, I think it was obviously obviously is the roman one, right?
The greek one, Yeah, yeah, because I played the one before that and I was like, it's gonna be like that, but like, you know, sit in greek times, like
they'll be right, but then they pulled the camera way back so it looks like RPG and I hate
really I'm having trouble getting through uh that samurai game.
Yeah, guys, as you seem to go to shoes,
the cameras, I want to be tightened up on him. It feels like it feels like it should be like I should be right behind them, like
behind them because they go into these
battles and
stuff.
Not at
all.
It feels
like that
the
foreign
I gotta go. I
think I might even started over, I don't know because it controls DLC coming out at the end of the month. Anything I even try to do, I'm just it's not, I just want to play that. So
everything
for control. That PS four, who was it that the company made? Alan Wake? Mhm.
Okay. It's a it's a PS Four exclusive. It's like this crazy game, it's very difficult to describe. It sort
of feels like a john Carpenter movie or something where you go into this bureau of weirdness, basically Bure unexplained phenomenon and you get telekinetic powers and it's super surreal. It's very david lynch e sort of it is
something it's my
favorite
thing in the last few years. Like I'm a big,
big
man, reminded me of bioshock. So cool. So
It's
that's the one where you're solving murders. Yeah.
Nice. Right. Yeah, I want to play that. That was probably got the same thing that I get with Yakuza games, which is similar to what we were talking about with the anime where it's like of all the situations where I don't mind subtitles one where I'm actively like pushing buttons and like rolling, like that's the worst one because if I'm
wrong,
what
you said.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Oh, that's awesome. So I wish
I
knew who doesn't do that because they are very, very proud of it being a japanese getting in japanese language.
But
no, it does,
it does. It's just it's very, very difficult not to get punched in the place when I'm like reading.
I'm starting to wonder about that. Did
they
make
next to smaller our TVs too?
it
makes sense.
It was like mhm. Mhm
Yeah, I can't handle it. Like I like that that control game I was trying to play on the PS four
for like a month and it was taking forever. And I finally just realized
this
Because it takes five minutes for me to read a tiny little blurb. But it's just uh
the most
Oh no, it's so bad. And
the funniest part of it is that they will sometimes give you an option for bigger text and you'll be like, oh thank God, you'll realize that you've already had it on like you, that
is the
biggest,
jeez guys. Yeah, I think, I think back when we all had like TVs are so heavy, they just couldn't be very big unless you were rich person that was never going to move your television, like then they just made it all huge and it was fine and now we all have various sizes of, who knows, very
fresh.
Uh Yeah, it's
it just really depends on what you want, what you want to play because like I I spent 600 bucks on a game, like a medium range gaming laptop because I was like well you know if there's something that I want to play that's only on PC then I'll get to at least play it in some form. And then I got it and I started looking around I was like you know what? I don't think there are many. There are very few games that don't get ported over to console that like I
don't want to play really. You know like most of the games that are just for PC or either like strategy games like four times you know city builders and stuff. And I you know I think those games are interesting. I just don't want to play them.
I mean some city it was a very interesting concept in and of
it's just the concept that you build the city and then you can send Godzilla and tornadoes to destroy the that's fun
can you? That
I can't believe they still make those games. Thank
you.
Room.
So they turned it into a business model?
I guess
that makes.
probably have, you know, an old solid state drive, the best used for games, which is finally what
I realized like I just kept like, like everything would run slow on my computer. I'm just what the fuck? Everybody on these, you know, they're just like boom and it's time, boom
every
time.
I
get
it's just a disk, right? I think it's just like
a spinning esque inside
of
medical mental case.
Mhm. I'm pretty sure
if somebody,
they drilled a hole hole in their hard drive that morning, I'll be like, once you have on that hard drive.
Yeah. It's like I'm in. Yeah. It's like I might have some personal information, but definitely not anything I need to like.
woman will ever know.
Now
at a certain point you just have to let go of privacy.
Apparently
I don't know. Apparently the credit card information like some limited amount of like location data like just you go to this place often this places where you work and then you come home and like one or two other data points is enough to like predict everything you're going to do. I have a data friend who was telling me about it and it's just like I just don't understand how much we can predict about you with what you would do.
no, it's all aggregate anyway. And like all all the things that people are super worried about are things that could happen there. Like the bottom of the slippery slope that we're still at the top of and
you know
the worry does. I know that's
the
funny thing. Like any time I'm hearing about these people that aren't going to get the vaccine because I think Bill Gates is trying to put tracking devices
in the blood.
It would be an unfathomable fortune. It would require an unimaginable number of people to be like to keep the secret to be completely involved conspiracy.
I mean and plus this is a tracking device and we carry
it
everywhere
everywhere we go on purpose. We know
it
it
counts
your steps.
No
no None of
it does. How do
you
get
virus from 5G. Phone networks? Like how do
you?
that's true but it's kind it's kind of terrifying.
What people
don't know about sometimes. You know when they when they set off the trinity nuclear tests the first atom bomb ever exploded on earth, the scientists had, I can't remember how he said that. It's not an interview with Heisenberg or whatever that scientists name. I can't remember what he said.
There was a non 0% chance that we would set the atmosphere of the Earth on Fire. And it's like,
yeah, but the atmosphere of the entire world on fire and didn't know that that wasn't gonna happen, We're pretty sure it wouldn't and then just did it and we're like, who jeez guys,
it's so crazy.
I have a friend is really obsessed with eschatology and End of the world Laura and and stuff and he's like, he's like the world has almost ended 652 times. And
yeah. Yeah. I mean usually when they say it's nonsense the stories that he has a real specific and they actually are pretty terrifying. I don't know like how true, like some of them are big or whatever, but like one of them uh the one that I always think about is like, he's like people wanted to figure out, they were trying to come up with a new kind of fuel and they were gonna make make a fuel out of methanol. So they wanted to figure out how to get more methanol. So they figured out a way to make crabgrass that decomposes into methanol. And they were testing it out in the lab. They had like lab samples of soil that planted it worked exactly the way they wanted it to. They were going to just release it into the environment and then somebody was like we should try it with some like contaminated outside soil. Like not just clean lab soil when they did it, they realized that it would have Killed every
single fucking living plant on the planet Earth within 18 months of release there would be no way to stop the chain reaction. It would have just torn through the world and
just
left
because they didn't do it and they published the research and then when they were talking about
it afterwards they mentioned that that's what would have happened. And now it's this big example of why you have to test with a possible scenario before you release things into the world. It was just like they were going to do that. Like that was there were two weeks away from launch like planned launch all the investors were coming. It was going to be a huge thing.
I'm
glad that didn't happen.
that's true. Just literally two diplomats just working it out in an office in Florida and you guys
act
in florida, you guys are about to do something similar. You guys are releasing genetically modified mosquitoes into the environment?
Amazing.
you have.
thanks
so pretty sure.
it's
probably for the best. There's a mosquito and mosquito war going on out there and then you don't want any part of that anyway.
I did
Some people just have
like sweet or blood or something. I
guess
we just they seek me out
like specifically.
maybe.
Because they can they can get to your blood anywhere. It doesn't have to be on the vein about you anywhere.
So I guess they can just smell you
maybe I don't know I know I know that I I've talked to diabetics about it including my mom who's diabetic and they all seem to believe that they attract more mosquitoes and they all think it's because they have more sugar in their blood. I think
what they said something.
I think type two is too low. Type one is where it's too high maybe. I don't
know.
And I think they're wrong about that anyway. I don't direct.
american
points
money. Medical
knowledge, you know,
needs
at my
that's fine.
Old wives tales and random guesses are perfectly
No, that's
yeah, it's been
fun talking to you. It's nice
to
have a conversation with someone who is not a cat.
I would keep talking but I realized I've kept you for too long.
Yeah, that's true.
Not bad stuff.
One
way
I do
the worst. I'll end up a house with lots of love in it. That's that's
what I'm an old lady would say it right. You've got the love and my guys. Yes.
Well then