SPEAKER_L: to do. Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: thanks,
SPEAKER_R: I'm Taryn.
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, thank you for asking.
SPEAKER_R: I am perched waiting for the microwave to finish eating some water or tea and then I'm gonna sit down,
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_R: where are you? I'm in alexandria Virginia right near D. C.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's cool. I'm in Jersey.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from New Jersey. Okay now you have to tell me where. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like in Central by the beach.
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's usually my answer. I grew up in Colts Neck Monmouth County.
SPEAKER_L: that's so funny. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, I've been there before.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. And I went to high school in Freehold and then I haven't been back. My parents moved to Georgia and I moved to Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm What are you doing with, like what was they work their way to move or?
SPEAKER_R: It was for college. And then and uh my actual actually my high school boyfriend came to D. C. As well and we're married and have kids and we both did not go back to New Jersey but I miss it. I had a lot of fun there. Okay so this is only my second time doing one of these. Have you done several?
SPEAKER_L: This is my 4th actually,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have they worked out?
SPEAKER_L: they've been okay. Some of them, like I've had to incident incidents were either like the computer, like on the other end did not work or they didn't show up. But luckily it's been okay.
SPEAKER_R: Her I messed up my 2nd 1 so this is it's my second time talking to a person. But my third attempt, the first one went great and the person I was matched with was an older man and I was his 7th conversation. But then my second time I pressed the button at the bottom too fast and that is where you conclude and it didn't allow me but I just I just pressed the wrong button so I felt bad because I was probably disappointing someone. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Well stuff happens,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, okay, so this is such a weird screen. Mine is very fuzzy.
SPEAKER_L: I think that happens with like all of them, like I've never had one that's totally clear. I think it's because they run it through the platform and that takes some of the data quality out of it.
SPEAKER_R: okay are you a computer person? You sound like you know what you're talking about?
SPEAKER_L: Not really. I just, I know a thing or two, but I would not consider myself a software engineer by any margin.
SPEAKER_R: Me neither. I'm glad I know how to work zoom now but after all these months of being at home I think we all do. But this is a less attractive platform, whatever we call this anyway, what would you like to talk about since you're a veteran?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't know. I think if you're the better if I'm the veteran then you should choose right, beginner's luck
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um, sure. Well let's see. So I'm sitting here next to my daughter Danny, say hello hi and our
SPEAKER_L: how?
SPEAKER_R: her brother and the dog and the cat are all else where my husband is somewhere else too. So we're just hanging out. I've been reading really boring stuff all day for work. I fact checked for a magazine and my story is on viruses. So I've been reading about virology and microbiology all day and it's really not great. Procrastinated a lot. So this is, this is a break.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting though. Like you fact check for magazines.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. So I work for National Geographic and usually the stories are really, really cool. They're very interesting. This one just doesn't happen to excite me. It's kind of in the weeds. I'd rather do an animal or a culture story, something I could connect more to.
SPEAKER_L: So like what exactly do you do? Like do they assign you a story and then how do you like fact check it? Like what sources do you use?
SPEAKER_R: Well, the author is supposed to give us their sources. Yeah. In an ideal world. Um, so the stories are usually the long ones, like the ones, the main stories. Um, and
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the author writes their manuscript and provides their annotation, so they provide their footnotes, their sources, contact info to talk to people. Um, but we always go much farther than that and find our own sources and we check every word. Every statement, every date, spelling. We are the ones who prevent errors from getting in,
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's interesting, like how do you, how did you get your into that field?
SPEAKER_R: uh, um, by not going into a lucrative major in college. Um, I kind of just fell into this. I worked for one of the Smithsonian museums before this and it was a contract that had an end date. And so I, I just was really, really lucky to fall into this one with just a small gap mm hmm. In my time. So, and I love it. I've been here for 15 years and I'm really, really happy because I'm a geek and I like to read. So that's what I do. Doesn't pay a lot. But I get to learn. I'm really good at jeopardy
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. What did you major in
SPEAKER_R: spanish and latin american studies, which I love that the kids hate it when I helped them with spanish. But that's okay. What about you? What are your interests?
SPEAKER_L: um right now I'm studying on government and Economics so like that's a pretty wide path, interested in seeing where that takes me outside of school and like work though. I usually just like to um I'm really into like watching films and listening to music.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I like all those topics. Let's but can we talk about films? What movies are you into? I'm always looking for recommendations.
SPEAKER_L: I'm into so much stuff, Have you heard of letterbox, Like the app?
SPEAKER_R: Heard of it. Yes, but I don't know about it.
SPEAKER_L: And um let's see, like logged the movies you've seen and like rape them and put them into a list, so I have a list of
SPEAKER_R: 11
SPEAKER_L: movies I want. I like um I like parasite sunset boulevard all about Eve and my neighbor totoro are probably some of my favorites.
SPEAKER_R: Where was the last 1?
SPEAKER_L: My neighbor totoro. It's the Ghibli movie.
SPEAKER_R: Animated. Okay. What? Those are all different genres.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm pretty, I do not have a preference. I watch anything.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. Out of the ones you mentioned, I've seen parasite. I like science fiction and I think korean movies are pretty cool. So I've seen a bunch of the zombie movies out of career. Really random. Why? Why do my eyes look like I'm pointing down? I want to be looking at you.
SPEAKER_L: Are you looking like directly at the camera?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm wondering can I move the little box? Can
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you can.
SPEAKER_R: not letting me, But I feel like it's not good connection if I'm looking down at the thing. But I'm trying I'm trying to look right at this. Do you see my eyes going straight? All right. I'll just I won't try to look at you on the screen. I'll just try to look at my light.
SPEAKER_L: It's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, Okay, so letterbox so like a like a facebook for movie
SPEAKER_L: I guess like a little bit like a facebook or like um even a twitter
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: for movies, like people will write like reviews, like some of them are like serious and long and some of them are just like funny one liners and you can like, like people's reviews and comments and reply to them.
SPEAKER_R: okay, I'll check it out. I don't know one mentioned that to me before. I do good reads for books. I think it sounds like the same idea.
SPEAKER_L: Same idea, practically. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Very cool. And music.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I'm into a lot of stuff like basically listen to anything essentially. I mean, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Mm Kind of lame if I'm familiar with it, I like it If it's brand new to me, like just fresh to my ears. It'll take me a lot of warm up. I like what's on the radio? Just, you know, top stuff. I like disco and funk. Really like to dance to that kind of music. Um I like musicals. We're kind of a like a drama geek family degree.
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: So I don't know, I like acting and emoting and watching people do a real amazing job on stage. So I like entertaining in dramatic songs. But
SPEAKER_L: are some
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: of your
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: favorites
SPEAKER_R: in terms of what?
SPEAKER_L: I guess? Just like overall like either, not like terms of just the music, but like the entire performance if you've seen any or watched any um bootlegs. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: well, like a good example would be bohemian Rhapsody, The Queen movie. You've watched that? It was terrific.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't seen it actually.
SPEAKER_R: It's so good. And you learn So, I mean, I learned so much because I was really young. You weren't born when he was alive. Um And the music is just so incredible in his talent. And also the songs are also different from each other. It's not like they're connected in a way, there are all different types of songs. So I like that and I bet I would like Rocket Man, the Elton john movie, but I haven't seen that yet.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I haven't seen that either.
SPEAKER_R: Do you like musicals like in terms of movies?
SPEAKER_L: I guess so, like I mean it depends on the one like I liked La La Land a lot. That was really good. I'm trying to think of some others that I've seen I liked. Um So I was like French one from the 1970s, it's called the young girls of Roger fought for it. That's pretty good. It's very colorful, which I liked.
SPEAKER_R: Mm The young girls of Rod Ship for it? Okay. Was it in
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: french?
SPEAKER_L: in french but it's subtitled like online and try to think of anything else, not a movie. But I really, I saw Aladdin because I'm in the NyC area of Jersey and
SPEAKER_R: You saw
SPEAKER_L: I did,
SPEAKER_R: them out?
SPEAKER_L: I did, I saw it on broadway,
SPEAKER_R: Uh was it amazing?
SPEAKER_L: it was very good.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, tell me more about the shows you've seen?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I haven't seen any in a while, but I saw Aladdin on like my eighth grade trip in middle school. So it's been a while um in my senior year of high school we went to go see Dear Evan Hansen, I've seen Wicked Mary Poppins And then I've also seen like some more like global theater, so I've seen some local productions of like 12th night. I saw the movie theater version of like Benedict Cumberbatch is like Hamlet, so that sort of stuff too.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I missed that about being so close. That is so cool. When I was growing up, my parents took us to broadway a couple of times. I saw 42nd Street Phantom um a chorus line. I was way too young for some of these mature things. Um and we saw Miss Saigon down here at the Kennedy center Kind of recently like two years ago. Uh That's so cool. Oh and mean girls we went abroad was it last summer? So I mean girls on broadway that was hysterical.
SPEAKER_L: Quite all.
SPEAKER_R: So good. I would love to see Beetlejuice but it's not on anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't think they're like, I don't think
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: anybody
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: warm broadway's going back until what is it now like
SPEAKER_R: may
SPEAKER_L: I think may like May or june of next year.
SPEAKER_R: I feel so bad for people who
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: rely on that
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: type of forest industry. Do you ever go into the city these days?
SPEAKER_L: Not since Corona I think the last time I went was for that C c dear Evan Hansen
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: must
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: have been awesome.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and that wasn't
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: like october september of last year. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it was a great
SPEAKER_L: it was good.
SPEAKER_R: it sold out instantly down here. We didn't get a chance.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Um And we saw Hamilton on Disney. That was impressive because you know you hear the songs but to me I couldn't really picture anything and then finally seeing it it made so much sense and I wish they would do that with other shows. Put the live broadway production but on T. V.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I could see them doing that now especially like it's like covid girls long enough because who knows when the open back up again. I could see the june thing getting pushed again. Especially
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: with the vaccine widely distributed by them.
SPEAKER_R: I know you know uh being down here near the city has just been so weird. It's in some ways it's easy to tune it out but in other ways it's just right next to you. Um We're going to go to the inauguration
SPEAKER_L: And that's
SPEAKER_R: in january.
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully it's not
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: How are they operating next? They can't have like 500,000 people there.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know I haven't heard a single word about it. Um My husband is going to be there because he works in the food industry and he'll probably be in one of the buildings along the route. Um But I want to take my kids. You know we go to all the protests that we can uh I think that's really important for their education their junior and a freshman in high school. So
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: make signs, go get in the mess. We did the um get your knee off our next march in august and it was hot as hell. It was so hot um And crowded but people were very smart with the with the disease precautions. It I think it was as well done as it could possibly be. They were even giving out masks and sanitizer and bottles of water and people face themselves was very very well done.
SPEAKER_L: That's very good. I'm so glad to hear that. So hopefully they'll be able to at least have some sort of like socially distant inauguration.
SPEAKER_R: Well I think they let them try to stop it from happening. I think people would be too happy to do it. Um I really wanted to go out and celebrate the day that we finally got the news. It was a saturday.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: sat. Yeah, I remember very clearly.
SPEAKER_R: what did you do?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think I can't remember what I think I was at home and I tutor, that's my my part time job and I hadn't gone to tutoring it, but I was just like at home and I think I was eating lunch and texting my boyfriend. What happened?
SPEAKER_R: Did you hear noise outside? Was anybody making a racket?
SPEAKER_L: I live in the suburbs. So not really also live in a more Republican part of the suburbs. So it was very quiet. Um But I had heard a lot of people like cheering a lot of videos. People from Philly especially like part
SPEAKER_R: Wasn't
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the street.
SPEAKER_R: exciting? My brother lives in Brooklyn and he leaned out his window and just took a little film and sent it to us as a text message of people honking and banging pots. Looks so cool. And my husband was he went downtown and he actually was doing the electric slide with some people. I
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: was like damn it I want to be there. I had a conflict I couldn't go but but yeah that would have been cool. Uh Well what is your week looking like
SPEAKER_L: My week
SPEAKER_R: And what do you tutor?
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: What subject do you tutoring?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I tutor um all around so I'll do like math science and english. And then I also work with a lot of kids in the elementary and middle school level just to sort of help the most study skills and staying on track. I work with like a number of kids with like 80 H. G. And stuff like aren't necessarily meshing to well like the all hybrid or all virtual learning. So that's mainly what I've been doing right now. I'll tutor like About five days a week usually and it's about 14 to 15 hours like split up between that period.
SPEAKER_R: Okay mm. Are they individual sessions like one
SPEAKER_L: again
SPEAKER_R: on 1
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: with that?
SPEAKER_L: one on one year.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And before covid were you also tutoring like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: in person?
SPEAKER_L: was yeah I was tutoring like privately before Covid and then I had a pause um When I was a senior in high school I was only doing like one person. Like it was one girl for like one family for like a few hours a week. And then when the coronavirus hit her mom was like, her mom was an acupuncturist, so she had to close her practice because the thing is, she didn't qualify. Like I was like a primary care doctor or anything, so she couldn't open immediately. And so with both the school sort of going out the window and like being a joke and like the mothers lost income, they like stopped hiring me. And like for me it was like whatever, like my senior year is falling apart. So like, okay, fine, another thing I don't have to worry about. And then I started back up in like, wait, august of this year and I'll usually go to people's houses, um, you know, like, oh, wear masks and some of the houses for people who are high risk. You know, I told me respect that and everything and otherwise I just make sure to stay in communication with people. like this one last week I had a kid who was them getting tested and they were like pretty sure it was allergies, you know, just to be sure we didn't have enter any interaction. You know, they let me know when the test results came in negative. So just stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: All right well at least they're giving you uh you know what you need to know to feel safe. That's good. Are the kids holding up? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Some are doing better than others. I think. I mean it all depends on their level of like social interaction too. Because I have some kids who are like okay my full virtual, like I could not care less. They just were never that to integrated in the school environment. Well some kids really need that social stimulation and seeing all those people and seeing people face to face at some point just having the tutor in the house can serve as a substitute for that.
SPEAKER_R: Did. And you're not interested in going into education?
SPEAKER_L: I'm like considering I'm not exactly sure like what I want to do yet, I've considered like a career in academia, it's just such a narrow, not like narrow but like a sort of a bit of a conf puzzling path about how to get there and what exactly it is, just kind of keep my options open right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it never appealed to me being a student. I enjoyed the studying, but I hate writing papers. Um And I I just I wasn't interested in doing a PhD, I did a masters so I wasn't cool long enough. Um But I really respect people who do that but I know that it's such a a difficult path like you said to get tenure. That is it's really not a guarantee. And especially for women who are on the young side, I mean it doesn't seem like it works out in their favor. It seems like a big pain in the ass for not a lot of money if you're an adjunct. So I don't know. But if you're passionate about something that is definitely worth pursuing, who knows? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: my my friends studied medicine or consulting and they are making a ton of money instead of you know liberal arts.
SPEAKER_L: Uh where did you go to school if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: I went to american university
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah and then Georgetown for grad school. Um But my parents tried to get me to go to Rutgers. They met at Rutgers my folks. Um But I didn't I just didn't want I want I studied um political science to a degree that was part of my program and you know, D. C. Just made sense. So what do you think you if you do the politics and international studies were out, what would you see yourself doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not exactly sure yet, I mean I'm considering law school but I feel like that's like sort of a requirement for like majoring political science if you have to consider law school at least once to graduate. Um I'm not sure if I want to do that. Yes, it's a lot of money for like one career path, like it's not necessarily a degree that you can put into. A lot of fields. Like if you're a lawyer, you're a lawyer. Um from my modeling over that. I guess. I guess if I was going to mean more into the policies, I I would like consider like maybe some sort of like policy, our advocacy like group, you know, see what's out there. My school has a decent connections to D. C. We have like a semester program there so I would like see what sort of options they have replacements.
SPEAKER_R: What's your school
SPEAKER_L: I go to M smith.
SPEAKER_R: smith college? Okay. Are you a freshman and sophomore?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a first year, I'm
SPEAKER_R: That's it.
SPEAKER_L: at home right now. It's remote.
SPEAKER_R: Oh are you disappointed? You have to be disappointed
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit. I mean I can't imagine I think the freshman in college have it the absolute worst out of all people who are students like I know the drawbacks of everything from all the different grades like preschoolers kindergarten. My freshman in high school I feel really bad for because this was supposed to be a big transition and here she is on the couch. Um But the college kids, it's just so unfair to you guys. Okay. It won't always
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: be like that.
SPEAKER_L: beard?
SPEAKER_R: Have you made friends? Are you ate how I mean, how does that even work?
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's not like I'm not like super close with anyone. I mean luckily like we're smaller school so like I'm not like in a bunch of like just straight off like power point presentation styles, in calls. Like we have discussions and stuff so you learn to recognize faces, recognize names.
SPEAKER_R: Mm And is it 100% virtual?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're all home. Anyone
SPEAKER_R: And next
SPEAKER_L: young
SPEAKER_R: master,
SPEAKER_L: people like what?
SPEAKER_R: next semester two.
SPEAKER_L: We're not sure yet right now. The only people on campus um are people with um, home insecurity issues. So the original plan was to have people with like those sorts of issues. And then the freshman and these sophomores were going to come on in the fall and then we were going to go home and the juniors and seniors would go on in the spring. But that caught pulled off and then we were all home.
SPEAKER_R: Hm,
SPEAKER_L: The original plan was the freshman can like have their first semester on college and then the seniors can actually like have their real graduation and they're real like sense of confusion. So that stopped another debating for the spring semester if we should. Um, there was a rumor that they were going to try and bring back the seniors for their graduation and if they could bring back any other grade, it would either be the juniors because they're the second oldest or the freshman because they've never been. But that was a few weeks ago. And now the rumor was that I met with my advisor to like plan my classes and she told me to plan as if I was going to be remote, although she couldn't give me any confirmation. Well, they're supposed to tell us for sure before thanksgiving. The people aren't optimistic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, you just roll with him.
SPEAKER_R: It's not supposed to be this way. Uh huh. Yeah. Well you have a good attitude.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: hmm. Oh man. Um how do they like foster student life?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's definitely like, I think every school is trying and every school sort of running into the problem of every online thing has some degree of artificiality. Even if you're not purposely putting it in there, they've tried to like assign us to like social groups or like discussion groups, but it's just not the same amount of validity and spontaneous nous that you'd have in a regular conversation setting. So they're trying but I I recognize that they're trying. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Are you saving money though? Like hopefully people who are at home don't have to pay rent or pay for meal plans?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a little bit. The thing is I'm on financial aid there. So like the thing is they just took my financial aid grant and then like sliced it off a little. So like it would be about the same difference. Like the payment was about the same. The only benefit was that they didn't make anybody who wasn't work study. Like they didn't cut the work study benefit, they just paid us the work study money outright. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Because there's no work study if you're home.
SPEAKER_R: yep, nope man. Uh well it will work out and there will be parties and cool things. Are are your high school friends there with you? Like did anyone go to smith with you?
SPEAKER_L: I know. I was the only one I have a girl like in the Great Above me who went but no one for my year
SPEAKER_R: Okay kind of good though, you can invent yourself all over again.
SPEAKER_L: once
SPEAKER_R: Brand new person. Um well so tell me what we do now,
SPEAKER_L: I think what we do now is we end the conversation so we'll do that in a second and then you're going to answer some questions about like how it went.
SPEAKER_R: Okay does that part get easier because okay, so this will be my second time doing those questions the first time I was completely green, I had no idea what kind of questions they would be, whereas I felt the guy I was with that partner, it would be so like he knew what to anticipate who was paying attention to things in his head, like what what does she think of me, what does she think of my personality? But that was all super fresh to me, so hopefully be a little bit easier for me this
SPEAKER_L: They're all the same every time I found they don't change the questions.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I wish that they would make the scheduling easier, You know, like that long list of days.
SPEAKER_L: It's like hard to picture it the way they set it up.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. We should put that in a comment. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe they'll watch this and they'll hear.
SPEAKER_R: All right. We'll see if they're listening. Okay. So should we sign off?
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna say yeah nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to talk to you. And it was really good too, be virtually in New Jersey again. That was cool.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck with your
SPEAKER_R: come up to you
SPEAKER_L: viruses.