to do. Hello,
thanks,
are you?
I'm good, thank you for asking.
Well that's good.
Oh, that's cool. I'm in Jersey.
I'm like in Central by the beach.
that's so funny. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, I've been there before.
Mhm What are you doing with, like what was they work their way to move or?
This is my 4th actually,
they've been okay. Some of them, like I've had to incident incidents were either like the computer, like on the other end did not work or they didn't show up. But luckily it's been okay.
Well stuff happens,
I think that happens with like all of them, like I've never had one that's totally clear. I think it's because they run it through the platform and that takes some of the data quality out of it.
Not really. I just, I know a thing or two, but I would not consider myself a software engineer by any margin.
Oh, I don't know. I think if you're the better if I'm the veteran then you should choose right, beginner's luck
how?
That's interesting though. Like you fact check for magazines.
So like what exactly do you do? Like do they assign you a story and then how do you like fact check it? Like what sources do you use?
Mhm.
I mean that's interesting, like how do you, how did you get your into that field?
That's funny. What did you major in
um right now I'm studying on government and Economics so like that's a pretty wide path, interested in seeing where that takes me outside of school and like work though. I usually just like to um I'm really into like watching films and listening to music.
I'm into so much stuff, Have you heard of letterbox, Like the app?
And um let's see, like logged the movies you've seen and like rape them and put them into a list, so I have a list of
movies I want. I like um I like parasite sunset boulevard all about Eve and my neighbor totoro are probably some of my favorites.
My neighbor totoro. It's the Ghibli movie.
Yeah, I'm pretty, I do not have a preference. I watch anything.
Are you looking like directly at the camera?
I don't know if you can.
It's okay.
I guess like a little bit like a facebook or like um even a twitter
for movies, like people will write like reviews, like some of them are like serious and long and some of them are just like funny one liners and you can like, like people's reviews and comments and reply to them.
Same idea, practically. Yeah.
Mhm. I'm into a lot of stuff like basically listen to anything essentially. I mean, what about you?
You know?
are some
of your
favorites
I guess? Just like overall like either, not like terms of just the music, but like the entire performance if you've seen any or watched any um bootlegs. Okay. Mhm.
I haven't seen it actually.
Mhm. I haven't seen that either.
I guess so, like I mean it depends on the one like I liked La La Land a lot. That was really good. I'm trying to think of some others that I've seen I liked. Um So I was like French one from the 1970s, it's called the young girls of Roger fought for it. That's pretty good. It's very colorful, which I liked.
It's
in french but it's subtitled like online and try to think of anything else, not a movie. But I really, I saw Aladdin because I'm in the NyC area of Jersey and
I did,
I did, I saw it on broadway,
it was very good.
Okay, I haven't seen any in a while, but I saw Aladdin on like my eighth grade trip in middle school. So it's been a while um in my senior year of high school we went to go see Dear Evan Hansen, I've seen Wicked Mary Poppins And then I've also seen like some more like global theater, so I've seen some local productions of like 12th night. I saw the movie theater version of like Benedict Cumberbatch is like Hamlet, so that sort of stuff too.
Quite all.
Yeah, I don't think they're like, I don't think
anybody
warm broadway's going back until what is it now like
I think may like May or june of next year.
What?
I know.
Not since Corona I think the last time I went was for that C c dear Evan Hansen
and
like
yeah and that wasn't
like october september of last year. Yeah,
it was good.
Yeah, it's
I mean I could see them doing that now especially like it's like covid girls long enough because who knows when the open back up again. I could see the june thing getting pushed again. Especially
like
with the vaccine widely distributed by them.
And that's
fun.
I mean
How are they operating next? They can't have like 500,000 people there.
That's
good.
That's very good. I'm so glad to hear that. So hopefully they'll be able to at least have some sort of like socially distant inauguration.
I
sat. Yeah, I remember very clearly.
Um I think I can't remember what I think I was at home and I tutor, that's my my part time job and I hadn't gone to tutoring it, but I was just like at home and I think I was eating lunch and texting my boyfriend. What happened?
I live in the suburbs. So not really also live in a more Republican part of the suburbs. So it was very quiet. Um But I had heard a lot of people like cheering a lot of videos. People from Philly especially like part
of
the street.
That's cool.
My week
What?
Oh I tutor um all around so I'll do like math science and english. And then I also work with a lot of kids in the elementary and middle school level just to sort of help the most study skills and staying on track. I work with like a number of kids with like 80 H. G. And stuff like aren't necessarily meshing to well like the all hybrid or all virtual learning. So that's mainly what I've been doing right now. I'll tutor like About five days a week usually and it's about 14 to 15 hours like split up between that period.
again
it's
one on one year.
I
was yeah I was tutoring like privately before Covid and then I had a pause um When I was a senior in high school I was only doing like one person. Like it was one girl for like one family for like a few hours a week. And then when the coronavirus hit her mom was like, her mom was an acupuncturist, so she had to close her practice because the thing is, she didn't qualify. Like I was like a primary care doctor or anything, so she couldn't open immediately. And so with both the school sort of going out the window and like being a joke and like the mothers lost income, they like stopped hiring me. And like for me it was like whatever, like my senior year is falling apart. So like, okay, fine, another thing I don't have to worry about. And then I started back up in like, wait, august of this year and I'll usually go to people's houses, um, you know, like, oh, wear masks and some of the houses for people who are high risk. You know, I told me respect that and everything and otherwise I just make sure to stay in communication with people. like this one last week I had a kid who was them getting tested and they were like pretty sure it was allergies, you know, just to be sure we didn't have enter any interaction. You know, they let me know when the test results came in negative. So just stuff like that.
Some are doing better than others. I think. I mean it all depends on their level of like social interaction too. Because I have some kids who are like okay my full virtual, like I could not care less. They just were never that to integrated in the school environment. Well some kids really need that social stimulation and seeing all those people and seeing people face to face at some point just having the tutor in the house can serve as a substitute for that.
I'm like considering I'm not exactly sure like what I want to do yet, I've considered like a career in academia, it's just such a narrow, not like narrow but like a sort of a bit of a conf puzzling path about how to get there and what exactly it is, just kind of keep my options open right now.
Like
Uh where did you go to school if you don't mind me asking?
Oh, that's
so
I'm not exactly sure yet, I mean I'm considering law school but I feel like that's like sort of a requirement for like majoring political science if you have to consider law school at least once to graduate. Um I'm not sure if I want to do that. Yes, it's a lot of money for like one career path, like it's not necessarily a degree that you can put into. A lot of fields. Like if you're a lawyer, you're a lawyer. Um from my modeling over that. I guess. I guess if I was going to mean more into the policies, I I would like consider like maybe some sort of like policy, our advocacy like group, you know, see what's out there. My school has a decent connections to D. C. We have like a semester program there so I would like see what sort of options they have replacements.
I go to M smith.
I'm a first year, I'm
at home right now. It's remote.
Yeah, a little bit.
Your
beard?
I mean it's not like I'm not like super close with anyone. I mean luckily like we're smaller school so like I'm not like in a bunch of like just straight off like power point presentation styles, in calls. Like we have discussions and stuff so you learn to recognize faces, recognize names.
Yeah, we're all home. Anyone
young
people like what?
We're not sure yet right now. The only people on campus um are people with um, home insecurity issues. So the original plan was to have people with like those sorts of issues. And then the freshman and these sophomores were going to come on in the fall and then we were going to go home and the juniors and seniors would go on in the spring. But that caught pulled off and then we were all home.
The original plan was the freshman can like have their first semester on college and then the seniors can actually like have their real graduation and they're real like sense of confusion. So that stopped another debating for the spring semester if we should. Um, there was a rumor that they were going to try and bring back the seniors for their graduation and if they could bring back any other grade, it would either be the juniors because they're the second oldest or the freshman because they've never been. But that was a few weeks ago. And now the rumor was that I met with my advisor to like plan my classes and she told me to plan as if I was going to be remote, although she couldn't give me any confirmation. Well, they're supposed to tell us for sure before thanksgiving. The people aren't optimistic.
Okay, you just roll with him.
Thank you.
Mhm. It's definitely like, I think every school is trying and every school sort of running into the problem of every online thing has some degree of artificiality. Even if you're not purposely putting it in there, they've tried to like assign us to like social groups or like discussion groups, but it's just not the same amount of validity and spontaneous nous that you'd have in a regular conversation setting. So they're trying but I I recognize that they're trying. Mhm.
Yeah, a little bit. The thing is I'm on financial aid there. So like the thing is they just took my financial aid grant and then like sliced it off a little. So like it would be about the same difference. Like the payment was about the same. The only benefit was that they didn't make anybody who wasn't work study. Like they didn't cut the work study benefit, they just paid us the work study money outright. Mhm.
Because there's no work study if you're home.
I know. I was the only one I have a girl like in the Great Above me who went but no one for my year
once
I think what we do now is we end the conversation so we'll do that in a second and then you're going to answer some questions about like how it went.
They're all the same every time I found they don't change the questions.
It's like hard to picture it the way they set it up.
Maybe they'll watch this and they'll hear.
I'm gonna say yeah nice to talk to you.
Good luck with your
viruses.