Hi
I'm Taryn.
Yeah I'm good, how are you?
I am perched waiting for the microwave to finish eating some water or tea and then I'm gonna sit down,
where are you? I'm in alexandria Virginia right near D. C.
I'm from New Jersey. Okay now you have to tell me where. Mhm.
Okay that's usually my answer. I grew up in Colts Neck Monmouth County.
Uh huh. And I went to high school in Freehold and then I haven't been back. My parents moved to Georgia and I moved to Virginia.
It was for college. And then and uh my actual actually my high school boyfriend came to D. C. As well and we're married and have kids and we both did not go back to New Jersey but I miss it. I had a lot of fun there. Okay so this is only my second time doing one of these. Have you done several?
Yeah. Have they worked out?
Her I messed up my 2nd 1 so this is it's my second time talking to a person. But my third attempt, the first one went great and the person I was matched with was an older man and I was his 7th conversation. But then my second time I pressed the button at the bottom too fast and that is where you conclude and it didn't allow me but I just I just pressed the wrong button so I felt bad because I was probably disappointing someone. Oh
yeah, okay, so this is such a weird screen. Mine is very fuzzy.
okay are you a computer person? You sound like you know what you're talking about?
Me neither. I'm glad I know how to work zoom now but after all these months of being at home I think we all do. But this is a less attractive platform, whatever we call this anyway, what would you like to talk about since you're a veteran?
Yeah. Um, sure. Well let's see. So I'm sitting here next to my daughter Danny, say hello hi and our
her brother and the dog and the cat are all else where my husband is somewhere else too. So we're just hanging out. I've been reading really boring stuff all day for work. I fact checked for a magazine and my story is on viruses. So I've been reading about virology and microbiology all day and it's really not great. Procrastinated a lot. So this is, this is a break.
Yes. So I work for National Geographic and usually the stories are really, really cool. They're very interesting. This one just doesn't happen to excite me. It's kind of in the weeds. I'd rather do an animal or a culture story, something I could connect more to.
Well, the author is supposed to give us their sources. Yeah. In an ideal world. Um, so the stories are usually the long ones, like the ones, the main stories. Um, and
the author writes their manuscript and provides their annotation, so they provide their footnotes, their sources, contact info to talk to people. Um, but we always go much farther than that and find our own sources and we check every word. Every statement, every date, spelling. We are the ones who prevent errors from getting in,
uh, um, by not going into a lucrative major in college. Um, I kind of just fell into this. I worked for one of the Smithsonian museums before this and it was a contract that had an end date. And so I, I just was really, really lucky to fall into this one with just a small gap mm hmm. In my time. So, and I love it. I've been here for 15 years and I'm really, really happy because I'm a geek and I like to read. So that's what I do. Doesn't pay a lot. But I get to learn. I'm really good at jeopardy
spanish and latin american studies, which I love that the kids hate it when I helped them with spanish. But that's okay. What about you? What are your interests?
Okay. I like all those topics. Let's but can we talk about films? What movies are you into? I'm always looking for recommendations.
Heard of it. Yes, but I don't know about it.
11
Where was the last 1?
Animated. Okay. What? Those are all different genres.
Okay. All right. Out of the ones you mentioned, I've seen parasite. I like science fiction and I think korean movies are pretty cool. So I've seen a bunch of the zombie movies out of career. Really random. Why? Why do my eyes look like I'm pointing down? I want to be looking at you.
Yeah, I'm wondering can I move the little box? Can
not letting me, But I feel like it's not good connection if I'm looking down at the thing. But I'm trying I'm trying to look right at this. Do you see my eyes going straight? All right. I'll just I won't try to look at you on the screen. I'll just try to look at my light.
Okay, Okay, so letterbox so like a like a facebook for movie
and
okay, I'll check it out. I don't know one mentioned that to me before. I do good reads for books. I think it sounds like the same idea.
Okay. Very cool. And music.
Mm Kind of lame if I'm familiar with it, I like it If it's brand new to me, like just fresh to my ears. It'll take me a lot of warm up. I like what's on the radio? Just, you know, top stuff. I like disco and funk. Really like to dance to that kind of music. Um I like musicals. We're kind of a like a drama geek family degree.
So I don't know, I like acting and emoting and watching people do a real amazing job on stage. So I like entertaining in dramatic songs. But
you
know,
in terms of what?
well, like a good example would be bohemian Rhapsody, The Queen movie. You've watched that? It was terrific.
It's so good. And you learn So, I mean, I learned so much because I was really young. You weren't born when he was alive. Um And the music is just so incredible in his talent. And also the songs are also different from each other. It's not like they're connected in a way, there are all different types of songs. So I like that and I bet I would like Rocket Man, the Elton john movie, but I haven't seen that yet.
Do you like musicals like in terms of movies?
Mm The young girls of Rod Ship for it? Okay. Was it in
french?
You saw
them out?
Uh was it amazing?
Okay, tell me more about the shows you've seen?
wow, I missed that about being so close. That is so cool. When I was growing up, my parents took us to broadway a couple of times. I saw 42nd Street Phantom um a chorus line. I was way too young for some of these mature things. Um and we saw Miss Saigon down here at the Kennedy center Kind of recently like two years ago. Uh That's so cool. Oh and mean girls we went abroad was it last summer? So I mean girls on broadway that was hysterical.
So good. I would love to see Beetlejuice but it's not on anymore.
I want
to
may
I feel so bad for people who
rely on that
type of forest industry. Do you ever go into the city these days?
Which
must
have been awesome.
No
it was a great
it sold out instantly down here. We didn't get a chance.
Hello? Um And we saw Hamilton on Disney. That was impressive because you know you hear the songs but to me I couldn't really picture anything and then finally seeing it it made so much sense and I wish they would do that with other shows. Put the live broadway production but on T. V.
I think
it's
I know you know uh being down here near the city has just been so weird. It's in some ways it's easy to tune it out but in other ways it's just right next to you. Um We're going to go to the inauguration
in january.
Hopefully it's not
something
I don't know I haven't heard a single word about it. Um My husband is going to be there because he works in the food industry and he'll probably be in one of the buildings along the route. Um But I want to take my kids. You know we go to all the protests that we can uh I think that's really important for their education their junior and a freshman in high school. So
we
make signs, go get in the mess. We did the um get your knee off our next march in august and it was hot as hell. It was so hot um And crowded but people were very smart with the with the disease precautions. It I think it was as well done as it could possibly be. They were even giving out masks and sanitizer and bottles of water and people face themselves was very very well done.
Well I think they let them try to stop it from happening. I think people would be too happy to do it. Um I really wanted to go out and celebrate the day that we finally got the news. It was a saturday.
But
what did you do?
Did you hear noise outside? Was anybody making a racket?
Wasn't
that
exciting? My brother lives in Brooklyn and he leaned out his window and just took a little film and sent it to us as a text message of people honking and banging pots. Looks so cool. And my husband was he went downtown and he actually was doing the electric slide with some people. I
was like damn it I want to be there. I had a conflict I couldn't go but but yeah that would have been cool. Uh Well what is your week looking like
And what do you tutor?
What subject do you tutoring?
Okay mm. Are they individual sessions like one
on 1
with that?
Okay. And before covid were you also tutoring like
in person?
All right well at least they're giving you uh you know what you need to know to feel safe. That's good. Are the kids holding up? Okay.
Did. And you're not interested in going into education?
Yeah. Yeah it never appealed to me being a student. I enjoyed the studying, but I hate writing papers. Um And I I just I wasn't interested in doing a PhD, I did a masters so I wasn't cool long enough. Um But I really respect people who do that but I know that it's such a a difficult path like you said to get tenure. That is it's really not a guarantee. And especially for women who are on the young side, I mean it doesn't seem like it works out in their favor. It seems like a big pain in the ass for not a lot of money if you're an adjunct. So I don't know. But if you're passionate about something that is definitely worth pursuing, who knows? Oh
my my friends studied medicine or consulting and they are making a ton of money instead of you know liberal arts.
I went to american university
and
that. Yeah and then Georgetown for grad school. Um But my parents tried to get me to go to Rutgers. They met at Rutgers my folks. Um But I didn't I just didn't want I want I studied um political science to a degree that was part of my program and you know, D. C. Just made sense. So what do you think you if you do the politics and international studies were out, what would you see yourself doing?
What's your school
smith college? Okay. Are you a freshman and sophomore?
That's it.
Oh are you disappointed? You have to be disappointed
a little bit. I mean I can't imagine I think the freshman in college have it the absolute worst out of all people who are students like I know the drawbacks of everything from all the different grades like preschoolers kindergarten. My freshman in high school I feel really bad for because this was supposed to be a big transition and here she is on the couch. Um But the college kids, it's just so unfair to you guys. Okay. It won't always
be like that.
Have you made friends? Are you ate how I mean, how does that even work?
Mm And is it 100% virtual?
And next
master,
next semester two.
Hm,
Yeah, I'm sorry.
It's not supposed to be this way. Uh huh. Yeah. Well you have a good attitude.
hmm. Oh man. Um how do they like foster student life?
Are you saving money though? Like hopefully people who are at home don't have to pay rent or pay for meal plans?
Okay,
yep, nope man. Uh well it will work out and there will be parties and cool things. Are are your high school friends there with you? Like did anyone go to smith with you?
Okay kind of good though, you can invent yourself all over again.
Brand new person. Um well so tell me what we do now,
Okay does that part get easier because okay, so this will be my second time doing those questions the first time I was completely green, I had no idea what kind of questions they would be, whereas I felt the guy I was with that partner, it would be so like he knew what to anticipate who was paying attention to things in his head, like what what does she think of me, what does she think of my personality? But that was all super fresh to me, so hopefully be a little bit easier for me this
Okay, I wish that they would make the scheduling easier, You know, like that long list of days.
I agree. We should put that in a comment. Mhm.
All right. We'll see if they're listening. Okay. So should we sign off?
Nice to talk to you. And it was really good too, be virtually in New Jersey again. That was cool.
come up to you