SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Check on one While. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. In America. Mhm. How do you want? Mhm. She wouldn't Yeah. Well, I should think that opening. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: are you okay? Not too bad, yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Yeah. This is the first time I actually got through.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, have you tried to do this before? You
SPEAKER_R: I tried
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: twice already,
SPEAKER_L: Did you have like nurse shows?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much. No shows.
SPEAKER_L: huh. I'm David. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm joe nice to meet you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So uh we're part of the country. Do you live in
SPEAKER_R: I'm in new
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: york.
SPEAKER_L: okay, awesome. I live in Atlanta. Mm. Have you been doing these prolific survey things long?
SPEAKER_R: I signed up like last year and I haven't like, they haven't really I haven't gotten done any of them, but then I think because of the situation now, there's so many of them then. Yeah, but I mean like, I think since like two weeks ago, there have been a lot. So.
SPEAKER_L: It's like flooded. I can't believe how many like that they're doing like uh I've been doing it for, well, I think I think I started in like december or something, just kind of messing around with it and you had to stay on it basically to be able to get any of them and I work from home and I was able to like leave it up all the time. I would see a pop up and I'll stop with what I was doing and kind of like do it. But lately here there's been so many that I've done, You know, I like 15 or 20 in this last couple weeks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What about the same here?
SPEAKER_L: So how are you doing with the whole like covid being? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: mean, I was working, I was going in the office and then they said they were gonna santa like to do deep cleaning and then I thought I was going to go back to work and then just shut down the, shut down the state pretty much after that.
SPEAKER_L: they did. So just you know while this is all going on so that you get furloughed or are they so
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: pina?
SPEAKER_R: I was just I was a temporary like a tractor, so I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: didn't get a little, I don't get anything.
SPEAKER_L: That sucks. So so are you trying to like do like like temp work right now as it is or?
SPEAKER_R: I've been applying but because the market so slow it's yeah, I mean there's nothing I got like one offer but it didn't make sense. So kind of yeah, this is applying to see what else is coming up,
SPEAKER_L: That sucks. Yeah. I've been like, you know luckily I I'm not all to affected, I was working from home before hand. Um and so um and my business hasn't all been all that affected all that much. Um but I uh I was on actually quit my job back in 2018 and like sold all my belongings and me and my partner like went off sailing with our dog and cat Like around the Bahamas. Um and we did that for a little while until Dorian came and we were on the island that had stalled under. So it was like category five and fucked everything up and we almost died, it was like 20 hours instead of the bathroom. So then when we came back here, I started to do, I started a payroll business basically like reselling 80 p. And paychecks. Um And I I mean it's been fairly, you know, it's been okay, I don't make a whole lot of money because you know, I'm trying to save the money but I've been fairly successful at bringing on clients. Um And then now I'm trying to start like a nonprofit consulting business as well so um But my partner is the one that actually makes a hell of a lot more money than I do. So it affords me to be able to do this shit that I'm kind of like doing now, you know? So. Uh
SPEAKER_R: That's going to be here at least
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: you know someone is doing the heavy lifting,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You know? But I'm trying, I'm like, you know, I feel like I'm gonna, you know, especially make something where it's like make a lot of money or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean you keep at it right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you just keep doing it. Like I've started so many companies and I'm really good at building websites. So I like Secure domain name and build myself a website and get an 800 number for like 10 bucks. I'm like, look, I'm legitimate, I have an email address website that looks good, you know, so just keep that up and it's going to eventually, you know, happen. Um But you know, I started to hear about your work situation. Um There's lots of little stuff out there like um like you test that does like, you know, user interface testing, which is A little bit bullshit but they're getting a lot of works, a lot of jobs as well that pay a little bit more than what they were paying before. Like I got paid $40 to go and test the um all state up because that Allstate insurance and so I tested the Allstate up and they paid me 30 $45 to do it plus all state lowered like my insurance $130. So I was like, well hell that was a lot more than fucking the $45. You know, sorry, I swear like a sailor.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh, nowhere is always
SPEAKER_L: I gotta go. So you like all like locked up inside of your apartment by yourself?
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm with my
SPEAKER_L: Come.
SPEAKER_R: wife, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: okay, nice to have kids.
SPEAKER_R: no, no kids,
SPEAKER_L: No. Did you and your wife? awesome. And you, you said you lived in new york right? How long have you lived there? All your life for?
SPEAKER_R: No we moved here this last, last January February of 2019, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: where did you come from before?
SPEAKER_R: we're in Taiwan, I was living in Taiwan and I met her in Taiwan and then we got married in game here.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. So you were just living in Taiwan because it's not like you have an american accent,
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually Canadian. But
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's not
SPEAKER_L: not?
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: So not
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: american? Close
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: close?
SPEAKER_R: it's fairly close the accent
SPEAKER_L: you're just
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: nicer. Er Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so I was living in Taiwan for like four years. Four years Was nice there.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. Ok, you know, yeah, I'm from California originally, but when I was living in the Bahamas it was, it was wonderful like just sailing
SPEAKER_R: Boom.
SPEAKER_L: around the different islands and the behaving people were amazing and it made me go, I don't necessarily appreciate
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: America
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: at the level that I did before, besides just missing like having access to fast food because I'm a little bit of a fast food junkie but black besides that, like I enjoy people in other parts of the world, a lot more going to spain are going to you know uh Tahiti, you know the people in the heat here freaking amazing. I never wanted to leave to eating, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I want to see sell yourself all the way to
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: to heat
SPEAKER_L: no that was a vacation that if we do our goal after we went to the heating was to sail to Tahiti eventually but
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: then Dorian of course again screwed that up. Um but it's you know crazy to think that you know we were planning on sailing all that way and then ended up getting like our main concern is just avoid hurricanes and then you know, boom gave like cotton side one, you know it was insane. But so does your wife work or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah Yeah she were cures for the government that's why we're here. Yeah like the Taiwanese government yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So nice. So does she, so she working for the Taiwanese government here?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah so it was like a like a consulate office kind of work.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Okay. It looks like a diplomat. She could like park up on the sidewalk and nobody could give her a ticket.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I wish uh we don't we don't uh we don't own a vehicle so we don't have that privilege.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Well you're in new york so you know, yeah you don't necessarily have to, yeah, I was born and raised in California.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So when I moved to Atlanta was like 2000 and um 55 7006 something there. Um It was a big culture shock because you know where I grew up it was just, you know, a mixture of all sorts of people. You know the Racists were easy to call out because they had shaved heads and tattoos of crosses all you know like you know shit, I can, I can identify them. And I moved here and it was, you know, a lot of people that didn't think there are racist but then had racist views or you know actions and stuff and I'd be like, you know, do you not see how racist that is or not having all like the confederate monuments and everything here. Um uh and I didn't like it for a really really, really, really long time and I was really happy when I moved away to florida to go off sailing. I was never thinking, you know, we were going to come back to Atlanta, but it's been nice since, you know, coming back, sorry, I talk a lot.
SPEAKER_R: well it's done yeah yeah so you still have you still have your your sailboat?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's still in the Bahamas. Uh it got dismasted and you know, messed up a little bit in water inside. Um but we had it pulled out and um it's in the yard right now and in the Abacos island. So um and I guess, you know, I guess I wasn't really prepared of what we were about to go through with. You know, it came and we didn't know which direction it was going to come and you know, are the strength and you know the day before, you know, everything are actually right before we lost power and everything. I said that it was going to be a category five and then, you know, we lost power and You know, proceeded into the 20 hours of chaos after that. But so but what are the, like, I don't know, tell me about yourself. What do you Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm just getting acclimated in in new york because it is my first time ever living living here in the U. S. So uh it is a culture shock for me, you know it was raised raised in Canada so it's different, it's not the same at all so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: especially like the new york attitude, you know that that's there,
SPEAKER_R: they don't give us, yeah
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: they don't.
SPEAKER_L: way too friendly and I don't think, I think it throws off new Yorkers will actually throws off people in boston. More than a dozen new Yorkers people in boston freak out because I'm trying to have conversations with them while I walk down the street and they're like, why is this guy talking to me? What does he want from me? I don't
SPEAKER_R: Boom.
SPEAKER_L: have any money, you know? Oh
SPEAKER_R: I've never been to boston but uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well when you go there you'll see. I've never been flipped off by so many like 21 year old like white girls in like in the car because my Elaine is ending and I have to merge and they're honking and they're like flipping me off out the window and I'm like, you know, I have to emerge, I don't know what to tell you. Like, you know, never
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: happened
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: anywhere else. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hate
SPEAKER_R: think this
SPEAKER_L: driving
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: in boston
SPEAKER_R: I think there's a thing in the
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: people in that area
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: if they do that all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, you know, I like new york though, I've been there a few times and you know, I enjoyed, it's a lot different for me being in new york. It's you know like culture shock almost because it's a whole different beast than anywhere else I've experienced in the U. S.
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: you more calories so cal
SPEAKER_L: so cal yeah,
SPEAKER_R: excuse it?
SPEAKER_L: by our below L. A. So I was born in san Jose but I grew up um in the high desert like san Bernardino County. Um So I was like four hours from Vegas, like three hours from Mexico. I was an hour from the mountains, 2.5 hours from the beach. So it's like I was always doing something and smoking lots of pot while I was doing it so you know.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I I miss California, miss uh the laid back nous of it. But with that said when I go back there and drive on the freeway, everyone's driving so fast now and I'm like I'm not used to having the flow of you know freeway go 85 90 mph with everybody just flowing down. You know like I'm holding onto the car.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Oh is it? Uh I heard it's just traffic jams and there are.
SPEAKER_L: It is and you don't you have to know how to drive it like you know, you have to zigzag in and out of all of the traffic if you want to really get anywhere and most people don't get that, so then they just kind of stick in their same lane as they would normally stick, you know, and it creates this big traffic jam, you know, because everybody is trying to, you know, go at different paces and some people, it's intimidating um you know, driving out on the, on the road, but um yeah, it's, it's interesting getting to experience all the different places and the different people everywhere, you know? Um you know, that's why I feel like a lot of people in America, they would have a different appreciation over other cultures and other people if they traveled outside of the freaking us a little bit, you know, and not like on, not on a freaking like cruise boat where you know, it's sheltered like travel life, you know, and they let them off for an hour and come back on
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but that's not that's not experiencing anything.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I went on a road trip from uh from in spain and drove through Spain to Portugal and it was
SPEAKER_R: Move.
SPEAKER_L: you know, it was exhausting because it was a lot but it was an experience that I would never trade because it was a lot of fun, you
SPEAKER_R: How'd
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you like, how'd you like Spain and Portugal?
SPEAKER_L: I loved it, you know? Um Portugal was unbelievably gorgeous. Like you know if I had friends that lived there and they lived in this beach towns,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: all these surfers came and you know they have these big dramatic cliffs and you know all the waves and you know my friends like like Spain was um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you know, it was really inviting. People drink beer really early in the morning there like every didn't matter, it was weekdays weekends, there was people drinking beer in the morning. Um Everyone was super friendly. Um They have like these little pot clubs inside so I'm, you know I'm very honest, they have these pot clubs in in Spain and it's legal there if you get like this membership, so you just go online and somebody gives you a referral, so you go into this pot club and you give them money and then they tell you okay, you're not allowed to take anything out on the street. But there's nothing stopping me from from you going into the bathroom and stick it in your underwear before you leave. And then so I just got a bunch of a bunch of pot and then we just drove our way through Spain. Um And then stayed. Madrid was my favorite favorite place in Spain because it was like, it's one of the oldest cities on earth and it's a beach, like a port town so have these really old buildings. And we stayed in this Airbnb that was at the top of the building and he just looked out at all these like really old buildings and everything and it was
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it was awesome, I love that part of it. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And then in Portugal like I guess drugs were decriminalized so you're allowed to like basically have
SPEAKER_R: Picture.
SPEAKER_L: them and do them and cops don't do anything. So then like my friend smokes a lot of hot too and she's a little party girl and her husband and we're all out of dinner eating. It's like the best fish I've ever had in my life and you can see like the constellations and the stars and everything and then she's from Peru and everything so she's like you know let's go have a pizza party man and you're hearing from like you know you know the U. S. Not thinking you know because she always means she's in with the smoke and then the whole party of like 15 people get up from the table and they all go walk right outside of the door and then they start smoking like right in front of the door and people passing by and everybody inside the restaurant and I'm like I love Portugal like like I could see you know the Milky Way you know take a break in the middle of my meal and go outside and smoke a little bit of come back indoors like it's I loved it. Like I really enjoyed that trip. It was it was there was a lot of aspects that were great about it and I got to see a lot of history and um you know like appreciate the history you know Like everyone talks about like America having like a like a lot of history and really like we've only been going on for 200 years like going inside you know inside of a freaking fort that was built in the 1500s or whatever you know? That's that's that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of history in Portugal and then spain itself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I mean have you traveled a lot, have you seen a lot of different places in the world?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've actually been to Spain and Portugal of myself. I recently went to Turkey and lash just before the whole pandemic. I was actually in Turkey,
SPEAKER_L: Well that's what part of Turkey?
SPEAKER_R: I was in Istanbul and then I went to Cappadocia, that's where all the hot air balloons go up. That was really bad. That was like the neatest experience
SPEAKER_L: Did you get to ride in a hot air balloon?
SPEAKER_R: we were going to do it. But then I got into an accident on a T. V. And then had to cancel the higher
SPEAKER_L: you okay or were you like screwed for the trip?
SPEAKER_R: No, no we're okay. It was just wanted to be safe. We didn't like wanted to uh to to go up on higher pollute so
SPEAKER_L: It's a lot of fun. It's kind of scary but it's a lot of
SPEAKER_R: mom.
SPEAKER_L: fun but a little people.
SPEAKER_R: it's just scary about so. But we watched it and during the summer they usually go around like sunrise and then we were watching all of them just I don't know what you call it. Cast off on sunrise. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: lift off on sunrise. Yeah that was that was like they needed. Yeah. Not that anywhere in the world. I've never seen anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: Istanbul or like they had some amazing food there didn't they? In Istanbul? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: do. I mean if you compare Turkey versus like northern europe, northern europe is just trash there. They they have no they have no food culture whatsoever. But when you get to like you know southern europe go all the way to Turkey Greece. That's where all the food is.
SPEAKER_L: Is it okay. What's been your what's been your favorite place that you visited so far?
SPEAKER_R: My favorite place I think Turkey's is like number one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's like
SPEAKER_R: Spain
SPEAKER_L: right up there.
SPEAKER_R: Spain, I really like the city called Sylvia. I'm not if you drove past that,
SPEAKER_L: I did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like, I like the vibe there. Yeah, so Sylvia was one of my favorite cities in Spain Portugal where the portal, the rural valley was really, you know the doorbell, did you go to the door of valley?
SPEAKER_L: No I went to I can't even remember the name of it emphasised something. I don't know. I was in the very south part of of Portugal
SPEAKER_R: Other yourself on the southern
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: part.
SPEAKER_L: you see a south whatever south to the coast. I don't know if that's west east whatever
SPEAKER_R: Coach
SPEAKER_L: the fuck. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, yeah. Portugal,
SPEAKER_L: But Turkey, Turkey is right on my list. I want to go there. I really want to go to Istanbul. I really like um I felt like the culture is there it's you know um the mesh from all over the years of the different people that kind of melted into that part of the world. You know it's kind of represented um and they're a little bit more liberal than you know the rest of Turkey. You know, you know I go to some parts of the world, I'm gonna get my ass killed.
SPEAKER_R: in the building,
SPEAKER_L: I have to be careful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you can just pretend you're like Canadian, that's like all of them here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. All I know is that I I probably have to stay away from Dubai. I get myself into way too much trouble to go to every go to Dubai in my life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, anywhere, anywhere there. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Really? I know, but you buy seems like you know the most interesting part in the Middle East that I would probably like to go and visit would be Dubai because they're really interesting architecture and you know cool indoor, you know like skiing facilities and you know just weird stuff that you don't see. He was like the Las Vegas in the Middle East or whatever, right? But you know, but I've
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: just been so many stories that I've heard about, like, you know, couples
SPEAKER_R: Bell
SPEAKER_L: that weren't married and sharing the same hotel room being raided in the middle of the night and spending two years in jail and shit like crazy stuff.
SPEAKER_R: you guys nice. Yeah, I would love to go as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy. But uh um yeah, I don't know. This is this is interesting that I've never done anything like this through prolific.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, because I don't know what they're getting out of it, but
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I'll talk to anybody. I can sit there and talk about myself for an hour. You can just sit there and listen to me. I'd be okay with it. But um I kind of like being in center stage those, what isn't, I guess they're trying to see like getting two strangers together. I don't know, I was wondering if you were going to be fake because a lot of these prolific surveys, like I can tell like the scenarios are not necessarily real that they're throwing out at me like you're going to be teamed up with somebody and compared, you know against them. I'm like yeah I'm not, you know, so I was like, am I going to get
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like paired with some research person that's lying to me? You know? That's that
SPEAKER_R: You never know.
SPEAKER_L: part of like the research, you know? Or am I part of the research? You don't know? So.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, did you do this very long winded one that was have to do a coordination like uh you have to follow the dots, they kept moving around and you have to make sure those dots were the dots that the red ones.
SPEAKER_L: No. No I haven't taken that one. They've given me some hard ones though, you know? There's
SPEAKER_R: Don't
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: walk.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, I've never taken that one. No. I've been doing a lot of the ones where they make me hit like put my fingers my index fingers over like the F. And the J. R. The E. And the I. You know, and kind of go through them like, you know, and they were showing they showed like different races and stuff and had me go through it. It was interesting. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I never, I don't think it's a down, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They've done a lot of race ones and a lot of like covid ones and you know, um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been doing like nothing but covid all at all witness
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: and that.
SPEAKER_L: happy. I'm fine. I'm not worried about it. I don't know what to tell you. I've been social distancing for months. I don't know. You know, I'd never leave my house anyway. So it's not like I'm really all been exposed.
SPEAKER_R: Her Georgia is opened up, right. You can do whatever you want.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's like the wild wild west up in here. We have 10 for governor and people are, there's like the hair salon downstairs that's attached to my apartment complexes open. You know, the restaurants are starting to let people back in like things, you know, are opening back up. But I mean if they don't, some of these businesses are going to
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: go out of business, you know, and some of these stores and things are being smart still they're not allowing people to come inside. They're making you know doing curbside pickups and things like that so which has been really fun. Having drive through best buy was like the best experience ever. Having me like drive up to the front of the best buy store and have them just bring out what I ordered, you know just loaded, loaded the T. V. In the back of the car and I drove off and I'm like this is going to change like society here in the US everything is going to be drive through and everyone's gonna be working from home like
SPEAKER_R: I would think so. Like at least in the next two years it gave like something like that.
SPEAKER_L: You have the traditional companies holding on to you know the same feel of the 90s saying you have to have productivity, you have to punch the clock in at this time and at this time and you have to do this and that and you can't work remote or you're not going to work well this forced them to do a test run and now they're going well. okay, I'm getting more hours out of these people were all collaborating and working more and we don't have we don't have to pay for rent, we don't have to pay for water, electricity for a phone, for internet. You know, it's gonna save companies millions and billions of dollars. Um And it's going to really hurt, I think the commercial real estate industry, you know, as a whole
SPEAKER_R: Whoever,
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: whoever owns most of the commercial real estate anyway.
SPEAKER_L: lot of it, yeah, it's gonna it's gonna hurt in the long run, but we're all going to be like unsocial people that only talk to you like webcam, like we are now you outside of your house today. What if you caught something? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: There was really nuts. Everyone is this webcam on
SPEAKER_L: There,
SPEAKER_R: their weapons.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you're really the first person I've went video came with since all this went down. Like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I don't yeah I don't really, you know my friend calls me on you know on on the duo on my google but that's about it. Like I don't I don't, you know zoom people. I don't really have to have meetings for work. So you know where my partner is on you zoom meetings in the middle of our freaking living room all damn day long. I'm like I don't want to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yes, you did any chat rooms if all your close friends like any like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: catching
SPEAKER_L: I haven't done any of that stuff. I just talked to him on the phone and you know
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: my friends are kind of spread out everywhere. So you know um I have some friends in California, some friends in Arizona you know friend
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: in florida and then you know different states. I have some friends here too. But you know not, I don't think the close relationships that I've built in other parts of the country,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, Do you have any family here? Is it just you and your wife?
SPEAKER_R: No, I don't have family here because my family is in Canada or they're in Asia, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Have you built like a friend structure there?
SPEAKER_R: uh not so much. I thought it was quite difficult the first year doing that. So I mean once I get working, hopefully get working, maybe that things will get better.
SPEAKER_L: Wow. The hell are you don't mind me asking
SPEAKER_R: 34.
SPEAKER_L: that? Okay, so I'm a little bit older than you. It's like hard to make friends when you're in your 30s,
SPEAKER_R: Well, the thing is whatever what what I've noticed like even my friend thinks like the same thing is like if you're not from the area, you didn't really grow from the area or uh you know, we never went to school here. It's really hard to like have your social strip called your own social triple here like as a yeah, like I'm so new here, like, like nobody knows like, you know what's going on.
SPEAKER_L: Because everyone has their little cliques kind of going on that they've had for a while type of thing. You
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: they're here.
SPEAKER_R: don't really brush.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe they're not opening up their clicks. You have to put yourself in the situations where you end up like meeting people and clicking with people more I guess because I have, I've had a hard time for years. I've looked out here, you know, I'm going on like 15 now that I have a hard time connecting with people and I'm like, I don't know if it's because like geographically I'm not like on the same level as, you know, like everyone out here, I need to go back to California, I'm going to make friends. Um but I also think it was the situations in the scenarios that I was putting myself into as well that was limiting the amount of people that I was meeting, you know, so um you
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: know, trying to change that up a little bit and be a little bit more social to put myself into situations where I need people. I think it's kind of like important, you know, especially being here and being told, I'm not allowed to go hang out with people, I'm like I really need to go hang out with people more, you
SPEAKER_R: No, mom. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: You got
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I've met people that lived in new york though, there's some really cool people that are originally from new york and it's a big melting pot there. So you know, you know, find the things that you're into are things that interest you. I don't know if you go into the, like the little event websites of like the free events and stuff that go on around around you, but there's all sorts of fun stuff that goes on, you know, to me to meet some folks because
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it is pretty hard.
SPEAKER_R: it is hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, uh huh. So, but uh also hold on that was trying to see. So I guess we're only having to talk for 25 minutes, I think we went over that. So
SPEAKER_R: Are we? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I think it's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think you're up.
SPEAKER_L: been fun talking to you though. I mean, you know, to rush off
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice meeting you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's what you do as well and good luck with everything. And hopefully you find like a job so fast and you know, everything goes like smooth.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yes. And all the best of your, your business ventures.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I appreciate it, buddy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: we're going
SPEAKER_R: you too. Yeah.