wow.
Hey,
are you okay? Not too bad, yourself?
Pretty good. Yeah. This is the first time I actually got through.
I tried
twice already,
pretty much. No shows.
Yeah, I'm joe nice to meet you. Yeah,
I'm in new
york.
I signed up like last year and I haven't like, they haven't really I haven't gotten done any of them, but then I think because of the situation now, there's so many of them then. Yeah, but I mean like, I think since like two weeks ago, there have been a lot. So.
What about the same here?
mean, I was working, I was going in the office and then they said they were gonna santa like to do deep cleaning and then I thought I was going to go back to work and then just shut down the, shut down the state pretty much after that.
Well,
I was just I was a temporary like a tractor, so I
didn't get a little, I don't get anything.
I've been applying but because the market so slow it's yeah, I mean there's nothing I got like one offer but it didn't make sense. So kind of yeah, this is applying to see what else is coming up,
That's going to be here at least
you know someone is doing the heavy lifting,
Yeah, I mean you keep at it right,
uh huh, nowhere is always
No, I'm with my
wife, so yeah,
no, no kids,
No we moved here this last, last January February of 2019, yeah,
we're in Taiwan, I was living in Taiwan and I met her in Taiwan and then we got married in game here.
I'm actually Canadian. But
yeah it's not
it's
not,
I mean
it's fairly close the accent
I mean
so I was living in Taiwan for like four years. Four years Was nice there.
Boom.
Thank
you.
I want to see sell yourself all the way to
to heat
well
Yeah Yeah she were cures for the government that's why we're here. Yeah like the Taiwanese government yeah.
Yeah. Oh yeah so it was like a like a consulate office kind of work.
Mhm. I wish uh we don't we don't uh we don't own a vehicle so we don't have that privilege.
No.
well it's done yeah yeah so you still have you still have your your sailboat?
I mean I'm just getting acclimated in in new york because it is my first time ever living living here in the U. S. So uh it is a culture shock for me, you know it was raised raised in Canada so it's different, it's not the same at all so. Yeah.
they don't give us, yeah
they don't.
Boom.
I've never been to boston but uh
I think
that
I
think this
is
I think there's a thing in the
people in that area
if they do that all the time.
Are
you more calories so cal
excuse it?
Uh huh. That's cool.
Yes. Oh is it? Uh I heard it's just traffic jams and there are.
Yeah but that's not that's not experiencing anything.
Move.
How'd
you like, how'd you like Spain and Portugal?
But
Mhm.
What?
Okay.
Picture.
Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of history in Portugal and then spain itself.
Yeah. I've actually been to Spain and Portugal of myself. I recently went to Turkey and lash just before the whole pandemic. I was actually in Turkey,
I was in Istanbul and then I went to Cappadocia, that's where all the hot air balloons go up. That was really bad. That was like the neatest experience
we were going to do it. But then I got into an accident on a T. V. And then had to cancel the higher
No, no we're okay. It was just wanted to be safe. We didn't like wanted to uh to to go up on higher pollute so
mom.
it's just scary about so. But we watched it and during the summer they usually go around like sunrise and then we were watching all of them just I don't know what you call it. Cast off on sunrise. Yeah
lift off on sunrise. Yeah that was that was like they needed. Yeah. Not that anywhere in the world. I've never seen anything like that.
do. I mean if you compare Turkey versus like northern europe, northern europe is just trash there. They they have no they have no food culture whatsoever. But when you get to like you know southern europe go all the way to Turkey Greece. That's where all the food is.
My favorite place I think Turkey's is like number one. Yeah.
Spain
Spain, I really like the city called Sylvia. I'm not if you drove past that,
I like, I like the vibe there. Yeah, so Sylvia was one of my favorite cities in Spain Portugal where the portal, the rural valley was really, you know the doorbell, did you go to the door of valley?
Other yourself on the southern
part.
Coach
So yeah, yeah. Portugal,
in the building,
Yeah. Well you can just pretend you're like Canadian, that's like all of them here.
Yeah, anywhere, anywhere there. Right.
know
Bell
you guys nice. Yeah, I would love to go as well. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, because I don't know what they're getting out of it, but
What?
You never know.
Oh, did you do this very long winded one that was have to do a coordination like uh you have to follow the dots, they kept moving around and you have to make sure those dots were the dots that the red ones.
Don't
walk.
Okay.
Yeah. I never, I don't think it's a down, but yeah.
Yeah, I've been doing like nothing but covid all at all witness
and that.
Her Georgia is opened up, right. You can do whatever you want.
No.
I would think so. Like at least in the next two years it gave like something like that.
Whoever,
whoever owns most of the commercial real estate anyway.
There was really nuts. Everyone is this webcam on
their weapons.
All
Mhm. Yes, you did any chat rooms if all your close friends like any like
catching
that.
Who?
What?
No, I don't have family here because my family is in Canada or they're in Asia, so
uh not so much. I thought it was quite difficult the first year doing that. So I mean once I get working, hopefully get working, maybe that things will get better.
34.
Well, the thing is whatever what what I've noticed like even my friend thinks like the same thing is like if you're not from the area, you didn't really grow from the area or uh you know, we never went to school here. It's really hard to like have your social strip called your own social triple here like as a yeah, like I'm so new here, like, like nobody knows like, you know what's going on.
They
don't
don't really brush.
Mm.
No, mom. Yeah.
You got
it.
No,
it is hard.
Are we? Uh
Yeah. I think you're up.
Yeah. Nice meeting you. Yeah.
Mhm. Yes. And all the best of your, your business ventures.
No,
you too. Yeah.