SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Hope hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Green. Well, how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Good thanks, how's your saturday?
SPEAKER_R: Um not too bad. It's pretty chilly today. Um Nice and pretty out. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, here I've been busy running some errands, I started out with uh Sam's Club and then just I did drive around the markets and you know just got a wild hair up my ass. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm in Cleveland. Ohio, what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay? North Carolina, it's our first Chile Like day here, it was like 45° overnight I think, and that's that's pretty chilly for us. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: it was like low 40s this morning. So I understand that
SPEAKER_L: but that's what you should be used to that though.
SPEAKER_R: I've lived in the midwest my entire life and I should be used to it, but every single year when it gets cold I am just a wimp and my friends are always like, are you sure you're not like from texas or florida? No, just Siri? Um
SPEAKER_L: so does it just come out of nowhere or is it a gradual decrease?
SPEAKER_R: it both, so it'll
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: be what I've typically found, it's like it's really nice out and then you get one really cool day and then it'll warm back up but it won't warm up to where it was before and then it just, you know, gets colder and colder. Um so I'm also a student so I don't spend a ton of time outside as much like I, I spent that to be inside a study, you know? So the days when I do spend more time outside, I'm like, oh it really is called
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, we are just seems like it just drops off out of nowhere, just
SPEAKER_R: of nowhere.
SPEAKER_L: like warm, it's warm and it's like Holy Shit it's cold, what the hell! So and then it's really interesting is it will go back and like last winter was very mild so I better average was only like 60° all winter. Yeah, so I mean, but it doesn't kill the bugs. Uh huh lots of bug issues because of our mild
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: waters,
SPEAKER_R: close to the ocean?
SPEAKER_L: so sort of uh it's a it's a day trip. North Carolina is very interesting if you live in the right spot, it's a day trip to everywhere, so I'm three hours from the beach in two hours from the mountains.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. My family lived in Asheville for just for a year when I was younger. Um but it was, it was beautiful. We would go hiking all the time, but I remember coming from Ohio down there, I was like an elementary school and they would close for like the tiniest bit of snow on the roads or we would like our school district, like some people were like high up in the mountains and we weren't as much, but today we get snow up there, he wouldn't even have any snow and then be like snow day, snow day. That was just always so funny for us.
SPEAKER_L: it still happens and we love it. Uh we obviously get a lot of transplants down here and they complain so much and I'm like, look dude, I get it, but you know, it's a day we get to sit at home or work at home, just just just go with
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: that's the way it is.
SPEAKER_L: just go with it. You know, you obviously don't get that up north. I just can't I can't imagine living somewhere with that much. No, I mean it's great here for a couple of days and then I'm like I'm done, I'm over
SPEAKER_R: we're over it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: are it turns into ice very very quickly
SPEAKER_R: that's and that's not good. Especially if you're not as prepared for it being like further south. Right?
SPEAKER_L: and we are not prepared. Nobody. We don't do chains like retired. No, no, no, we don't have any of that.
SPEAKER_R: My well my, my roommates from florida and we both moved here like a little over a year ago. Um, and so last winter she was like, should I get snow chains for my tires? Should I change my tires? And I was like, I don't know like I have never done that before. But I also learned to drive and like the snow and all the weather and stuff. So, but she survived the first, the first time I got cold I had to tell her that you can't wear socks with crocs and think that that's acceptable snow where she's like, this is the warmest pair of shoes I have. And I was like, all right, let's go buy you some boots.
SPEAKER_L: From the top. Yeah. Crocs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she's a big crack stand. like I think in florida I must wear them all the time or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I'm I'm a big burgenstock person so I guess we all
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: all have our thing, love Asheville, we're obsessed with Ashville. Um While I love the beach, I'm glad that I'm closer to Asheville because we will go up there just to have dinner. It's really sad.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so nice. I remember because I was I was like 11 the year we lived there, so I was young, I was just annoyed that we weren't near my friends anymore, I didn't really like our school um
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: and we were only there for a year, so I was spending most, they're just counting back until I could go back to where my friends were, so I didn't, you know, appreciate it as much as I should have for being there. Um But now I have I have a friend who lives there, I like see people posting like traveling through there all the time and I'm like, wow, if I only I had like, you know, understood or cared a little more when I was younger,
SPEAKER_L: Well how old are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm 24.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I mean it's just become like really super cool I think in the last like 5 to 10 years so it may not have been that cool. And
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: cool when I was younger.
SPEAKER_L: know, I, so I mean the foliage is still there if you're a foliage person. I mean we go to look but I'm like, dude, it's just, it's the leaves dying. I don't get the hotel rooms are like triple the price because people want to see the leaves dying. Like I don't,
SPEAKER_R: And you're not into that.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not into it at all. I don't, I don't get it. We go for the breweries and for the food and you know, do some hiking and driving the, we drive the parkway so much, but I like green, lush. I definitely long in other countries like Ireland and we're just green and lush all the time rather than whatever this is.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a very big fan of spring, like late spring, early summer where it's still cool like that, you're not dying from the heat. Um but it's like pretty, all the flowers are blooming, you hear like the birds chirping in the morning. I like that way more than I like the fall weather and everybody's like, you're a basic white girl, you should be so in love with fall and pumpkin spice
SPEAKER_L: Something
SPEAKER_R: latte is, I'm like, mhm.
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: not for
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: pain. Uh and you know, it's the pumpkin spice stuff. It's it's like it's gone over the edge and I enjoy it. But some of the newer stuff, it doesn't even have pumpkin in it. I don't know if you know that it's just the ginger and cinnamon, like not even pumpkin. So it's gone too far, it's gone too far.
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I saw some pumpkin ravioli the other day on a menu and I'm like, no, no,
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: past I have had like butter scott or butter butternut
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: squash
SPEAKER_L: why,
SPEAKER_R: ravioli before. That was really good. Yeah. Um that, and that's like a fall flavor, but it's not, it's not as, you know, like popularized as a pumpkin has been so it felt more authentic as like a
SPEAKER_L: Something truly special. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: so what do you want to school for?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm a medical student, so I'm in my second
SPEAKER_L: What's this?
SPEAKER_R: year of medical school. Um so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it's a four year program. Um so ways to go. But
SPEAKER_L: It'll be worth it for? Law is a physician. What what special do you want to go into?
SPEAKER_R: I'm really interested in women's health. Um so probably over G. Y. N. But
SPEAKER_L: Something straight.
SPEAKER_R: um I got, you know, 30 years when you spend most of time in your hospital, in the hospitals doing the clinical rotations. So I really, I really passionate about it, but I, I need to make sure I keep my eyes open like, you know, be open to new another ideas as well. So
SPEAKER_L: You know, so
SPEAKER_R: this is my cat.
SPEAKER_L: you just, you know, from tv, which is probably not, but you're a rotation in every department once you're doing that before,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: not every single one but the main ones. So there's like very small specialties. Like I don't do anything. I don't, I don't do like a derm rotation unless I actually am interested in term and then I can like sign up for an elective. So we have a bunch of elective time and then there's the four main core rotations so those you are eating neuro and psych together, like the brain stuff you do pedes and O. B. G. Y. N. Together. Um And you do surgery, um emergency medicine and filling medicine all together in one big long block. And then you do like internal medicine as one long block. And so that's like um cardiology like pullman ology all like the kidney stuff and then they throw in some extra like electives. Like you do the geriatrics I think in that one as well. So those are like the main fields that a lot of people go into. Um and then you can like sub specialize through those and then you spend most of your fourth year doing those electives and applying to residency programs to kind of figure out more about what you like.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And how long are those blocks
SPEAKER_R: Um there between eight weeks and 12 weeks. Um
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: some of them are longer or shorter, so. Yeah and you you work like 60-70 hours each of those weeks. So.
SPEAKER_L: Fuck. Okay. That's not as quick as it seems. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but I mean they do the wife asked especially like because at the end of each block you have an exam over all that material so you have to be working there all the time, then you have to go home and study more. And so I've heard the time flies by which is good because it's kind of miserable um For
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: four years. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thought
SPEAKER_R: knew I signed up.
SPEAKER_L: my sister in law doesn't like talking about it. I think she's old traumatized right then. But
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine.
SPEAKER_L: she's a hospitalist. Um She works overnights and I'm like how how do you how do you manage that? Because you just got she's got three kids and they're at home all day and her husband works and um I'm like how how do you and she just said it works out for her. I don't know how people work third shift. I swear to God I don't but things are calmer in the hospital, third shift. As long as you're not in the er So I guess I'm sorry. E. D. So I guess it makes sense in a way. I don't know I wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: want to do third
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Children.
SPEAKER_R: guess you get used to it with a schedule and then if her husband works during the day you have somebody who's home with the kids, so it makes sense, but it sounds miserable and I have so much respect people who are interested in that. And I guess I'm going to have to be like, if I'm delivering babies, there's not really a, you can't say, you know, stop coming out like so I can go back right,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like, so I'm gonna have to get used to that. So I sleep kind of as much as I can now while I still have the chance
SPEAKER_L: Well it seems to be a lot, I don't have any Children but it seems to be so much different than it was 30 years ago when you called your doctor and that one doctor had to go in. It's so
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: interesting to see that. And um gosh and the youngest of five, so every all the older kids had had babies in there. Like yeah you have to do like you have to see everybody in the office so you're familiar with everybody and I'm like okay I just need to get my pap smear like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: like I had this phenomenal obi. Um she was phenomenal and I loved her, but any time I needed to see her she was always busy. So I was like I need to uh Ghana just give me
SPEAKER_R: Do it and that will be done
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah because I'm so tired of getting rescheduled and booted to the physicians I don't like. And so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Crazy these days. It's really crazy because we still have to do like clinical work um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: throughout this year. So I'm prepared when I go in and do my rotations. Um and you can't even get into half the hospitals around here right now because of Covid and a lot of our stuff with, we, we practice on standardized patients. So they're actors. So they hired to come in
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and like play a role for us. Um and you would do a physical exam and stuff on that, but they stopped that program. Um And so it's really interesting the way they're trying to make us like learn all these exams while still maintaining distance and like code precautions. So, um,
SPEAKER_L: So how are they doing it without the actors?
SPEAKER_R: well, we do the actors are allowed to go like over video call. So we've been doing a lot of stuff over video of over zoom. Um, which is harder though because you can't do, you can't do anything physical, right? So you have to ask them certain questions. And so they've been tailoring the curriculum. So it's things that like are easier to practice over like telecommunications. So we do like practicing getting bad news to a patient, um, which can be difficult, you know? But as opposed to like, you know, doing doing the exam, finding the mass and then giving the news of cancer something like that. Um And they have staff members who they like pay more to do it and I think because their staff it's okay and then we have to wear like full on like safety goggles and like BMP PE all around and then we'll do that in a hospital like in like a practice exam room in a hospital as opposed to at our school.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So they have like the hospital precautions as well. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: they're, yeah, they're making it work but it's less like there's fewer those few recessions for story. Yeah. And it's just weird like my mask will always fog up. The safety guy doesn't make us, we're so I can't even see. And then I'm like, hello. I I apologize, I'm trying to make eye contact. I can't see your face from here.
SPEAKER_L: Do the medical staff that are not in school, do they have to wear goggles or do they just get shields?
SPEAKER_R: just the face shield is fine. I don't know what the point of the goggles is really because I don't know, I'm paying money to to do what they tell me and then
SPEAKER_L: That's the way words. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they check off the box and I'm going to go,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. We'll do I just I can't I don't know this just seems weird. That would be annoying. I don't know how you're doing it. But um I work in the College of Education at a state university so all of our students that are doing your long internships. I mean they're in the school systems working with students because they still have to graduate by the end of the year and we're I don't know what it's like you're in Ohio you said so, I don't know what it's like up there as far as society as a whole, but here, I think we're pretty split with people that are, this isn't real, this is a political issue and say the fucking home. Um So some of the more rural areas, um the students, they go to school and that's essentially the babysitter for the parents. So we have a lot of things going on. So we've got like patches of counties that are, some are in school, some are not, some are doing virtual school and um it's just kind of like a tug of war here, but I forgot what I was going with that.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's hard. I'm sure at the end of day you wouldn't keep not only your students safe, but also all the kids and that's a lot of, you know, responsibility, ability and difficulty, I'm sure were you a teacher yourself or
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I do budgets the boring
SPEAKER_R: Up.
SPEAKER_L: behind the scene stuff. I can't keep the wheels on the bus turning rather than teaching events, so.
SPEAKER_R: good little school analogy there.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: Like it.
SPEAKER_L: thanks. The faculty are very interesting though. I don't know that I could ever be a faculty members and I don't think the faculty members are like that. And the other areas of study. It's just that these faculty members that teach teachers are more interested in um research rather than rather than teeth. So they lay a lot on us, but it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is what it is. Yeah. I never, never been in an education program before that. I mean, that's not what I do. Um so that was interesting to hear about it because my college didn't even have education as
SPEAKER_L: Office.
SPEAKER_R: an option. Yeah. And then now, I mean I work in a hospital and I go to school in the hospital, so not like I get exposed to it at all. So cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So uh that's when we talk about
SPEAKER_R: Um Do you have any kids like you
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: mentioned?
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: kids. Um Not married in a long term relationship. We've been together for like eight years. We live together.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So it's like The fucking 39 Eur four at this point. Like if it happens happens if it doesn't doesn't he cares. Yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I've got a cat, she was just up here annoying me, but she's over on the other couch now. And then I usually have two roommates. Um One moved home back in March when the pandemic first hit, and we'll like she's like live like two hours away now which will commute back here if we have like a mandatory in person sessions, but otherwise she stays at home. And then my other roommate um hes right here but essentially moved in with her boyfriend who lives down the street.
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: Uh Social pop home to like pick up food and change clothes and do laundry and then she'll go back over there. So I have a three bedroom apartment for just me and my cat.
SPEAKER_L: There's nothing wrong with that. So the
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: you haven't talked
SPEAKER_L: mate,
SPEAKER_R: about?
SPEAKER_L: she and medical.
SPEAKER_R: I'll forgive them. Yeah. All of us are in the same medical school. Um But because of the pandemic are are like lecture based in like our small group classes are all over zoom. Um And so we're doing some of those sessions I was telling you about over the phone or computer as well. So it's really those just the impersonal ones with the goggles that she has to come back here for and she's able to schedule them like she'll schedule three in a row and one day, so he doesn't have to come back again for like two more weeks, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I had a doctor's appointment last week. I needed an antibiotic
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: and I couldn't get in to see them but they had one opening for virtual and I'm like you know I'm I trust myself, I know my body, I know what I need but I guess from the medical standpoint is like okay I just gonna have to trust her and give her this antibiotic, it's not like be on antibiotics or anything. So
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: because so many people overuse antibiotics
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: don't want to be like
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: prescribing
SPEAKER_L: do yeah. Yeah so it's it's so weird on I just to think about both ends of it.
SPEAKER_R: I had like a dermatologist appointment over the phone this summer, which actually I mean I was like very happy I could like scheduled over the phone because I my family lived like three hours away. So I still have like my hairdresser, my dentist, my dermatologist are all the ones that I had growing up. So I just I usually go home enough to be able to see them. But I didn't I didn't want to go home just for the dermatologist was like oh I can have it over the phone. But I'm like how can you even see my skin that well over like a screen? And then like what if like I know I had like acting on my face right? So she asked me in my face but I'm like what if there's something else in my body that I I don't even know it's a problem, like you're not gonna be able to see it, like it's just not a full thing. So like it makes sense of like some situations especially for like follow up visits I think, or like, you know, just like, oh, I I mean like a refill my medication, but I have to be with you because like insurance regulations or whatever, but just like you were saying it's weird to be doing such like real medicine over the phone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's kind of scary but I guess I guess when it comes down to it it's something that's truly scary. They would just they would have you come in um and and and things moved along. So in March, I remember needing to go because I had a mystery illness in March, uh that turned into bronchitis, she thinks
SPEAKER_R: guys.
SPEAKER_L: because you know, it was a virtual visit now. So by the time I got tested, it was like six or eight weeks before I could get tested, obviously was negative point, but it was so weird because at one point I couldn't go in at all and then it's like, okay, you can come in but we have to do all kinds of shit outside in the parking lot with you first, and then a couple weeks later it's like you need to come back in, but hey, you need to go get tested first. And that's the only way isn't I got tested was because I needed to go into the doctor's office, I'm like this is so stupid, this is so open. But I guess we were all learning, so so what's it like? Is everything still shut down in your area?
SPEAKER_R: Um Things are opening up more um but recently, like over the last week and a half or so, there's been a big spike here in Ohio. My sister is um 14, almost 15. Um And her school was in person since august and now they, for the next two weeks they're shutting down and going all virtual because there's like a big spike in the county and they have to keep it, you know, the percent under a certain level before they can send the kids back. So um yeah, like restaurants are open, you especially for eating outside, so that summer, this summer was a big like, eating outside was okay, but um I usually just get takeout and eat here because it's easier. Um and now that it's getting cold, I'm not sure like what that's going to look like, you know, because you can't, you can't eat outside as much when it's really really cold. Um So yeah, I um this summer I was working as a nanny for a family and they had a really high risk grandparents who was living in the house. Um So I was like, not neither my roommates were here this summer, I was like just going to work in your family and then coming home so I wasn't really going out places. Um There are some people I know who will like go out and do things more often like while wearing masks but it's not not for me, I gotta study so.
SPEAKER_L: Or.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but things are yeah for the most part like all the bars, everything around here shut down like I haven't gone out since you know february before all this happened. So um restaurants, the museums are like reopening, there's some museums in Cleveland but you have to like reserve a spot ahead of time to go into like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame or something. Um So it's it was it was definitely gradual and definitely still not like fully and then I think the cold weather is going to hit pretty hard on a lot of places, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I didn't think about that, I guess that's something we take for granted here, is that even though it's cold, it's not ridiculous cold. Um and we can still eat outdoors sometimes. Uh Because I noticed that when things could start opening over the summer, like whoever stole picnic tables must have had like the world wind backlog or something, because
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: reference suddenly turned half of their parking lots and they've got like 1820 picnic tables and I'm like wow, good for them. Um We we tried because I'm overly paranoid about it, I'm high risk tom is a little high risk and he unfortunately has to work in horrible sector, but we um started venturing out because I live in a dark condo and I'm like, I can't I work from home, I live alone. Like my father had emergency surgery in april, I couldn't even go see him and had to start venturing out. And I'm like, I take my Clorox wipes, like laurel, the table and the size of the table, the chairs where we're gonna put our hands tom thinks it's over the top, and I'm like, look, if you want to go out, you just have to give this to me. Like when asked me before, I wiped the silverware, the cops, and then I wipe it off with a towel or a napkin. But I mostly discreetly so people aren't staring at me. But I'm like, I realized we have to get back to real life, but I can't just willy nilly go out because too many people here don't believe it's a
SPEAKER_R: Right. And I mean you're not harming anybody by, you know, wiping things down so if that's what makes you, you know, comfortable going out then more power to you,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: we did go to the beach. We have access to his family's beach house. So we went for a few days the Wrightsville and it was, it was so nice to get out and we we ventured out to a couple of restaurants and one of the restaurants with the extra precautions. I got the silverware and unwrapped and there's a piece of cilantro drive on the knife. And that's why I'm like this is why because one I don't know if this is really washed or if this was stuck in the dishwasher. I don't know. But this is what I do it because that's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: better safe and sorry for sure.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, could be bacteria. So, but it's nice to have gotten away. We also um we rented a cabin in the mountains a couple Months ago just for two nights. Just some random. It wasn't even in Asheville. I don't even know what fucking city it was anymore. 45 minutes from a grocery store. Like there was no little market, no gas station or anything. So we were really really remote. But fortunately had this great Internet so I could work from home.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Just changing your area that you're and was huge.
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine. Yeah. Like I mean I'll show you where am I sitting on the couch, you know, basically every day you in schoolwork and it's nice to go somewhere else. Like I still work part time for the family I baby sit for. So I will like go and do work at their house sometimes and like transition from this couch to my bed maybe if I'm feeling like mixing it up. so I'm sure, you know, going somewhere new really was good for you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm dying to go see my knee. She had a baby three weeks ago. So I'm like come on
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. You Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is going in seeing her and I'm like no I'm going to be the responsible. And I just finished a round of iron infusions and fortunately they were on the hospital campus which drives me nuts. Um So for five days I was at the hospital and I'm scared of catching something and then I'm surrounded. But you know mostly um older patients getting chemo. So then like not only scared for me but I'm scared for them because I could potentially be like I was so scared the entire time I was there.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I bet. And
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you know, they're like on chemo writes, their immune systems aren't very strong. So yeah, that's actually, that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: scary.
SPEAKER_L: surprised to hear that they didn't do like 15 minute covid testing or the rapid test for that. I was very surprised and a little uneasy that that wasn't something that they were doing. I felt bad for them.
SPEAKER_R: I think they save those for like the celebrities and the and the sports coaches.
SPEAKER_L: well that's what they gave me when I needed to go into the doctor. So I thought that that was like april. So I thought that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: they were moving to those but now it's like gotta be quarantine 2 to 3 to 2 to 3 day. So maybe they are celebrities. I don't know the president. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think we are good on time now if you wanna.
SPEAKER_L: Fine
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's almost
SPEAKER_L: room.
SPEAKER_R: 4:30. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: was that.
SPEAKER_L: did. It went by really fast. All right well good luck to you and it was good for you.
SPEAKER_R: You were so nice to meet, you have a good rest of your weekend.
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye.