Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, wow. Yeah. Uh huh. Hope hi, how are you?
Good thanks, how's your saturday?
yeah, here I've been busy running some errands, I started out with uh Sam's Club and then just I did drive around the markets and you know just got a wild hair up my ass. Where are you?
Okay? North Carolina, it's our first Chile Like day here, it was like 45° overnight I think, and that's that's pretty chilly for us. Mhm
but that's what you should be used to that though.
so does it just come out of nowhere or is it a gradual decrease?
Well
Uh huh. Yeah, we are just seems like it just drops off out of nowhere, just
like warm, it's warm and it's like Holy Shit it's cold, what the hell! So and then it's really interesting is it will go back and like last winter was very mild so I better average was only like 60° all winter. Yeah, so I mean, but it doesn't kill the bugs. Uh huh lots of bug issues because of our mild
waters,
so sort of uh it's a it's a day trip. North Carolina is very interesting if you live in the right spot, it's a day trip to everywhere, so I'm three hours from the beach in two hours from the mountains.
it still happens and we love it. Uh we obviously get a lot of transplants down here and they complain so much and I'm like, look dude, I get it, but you know, it's a day we get to sit at home or work at home, just just just go with
it,
just go with it. You know, you obviously don't get that up north. I just can't I can't imagine living somewhere with that much. No, I mean it's great here for a couple of days and then I'm like I'm done, I'm over
are it turns into ice very very quickly
and we are not prepared. Nobody. We don't do chains like retired. No, no, no, we don't have any of that.
From the top. Yeah. Crocs. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I'm I'm a big burgenstock person so I guess we all
we
all have our thing, love Asheville, we're obsessed with Ashville. Um While I love the beach, I'm glad that I'm closer to Asheville because we will go up there just to have dinner. It's really sad.
maybe.
Well how old are you?
Okay. So I mean it's just become like really super cool I think in the last like 5 to 10 years so it may not have been that cool. And
you
know, I, so I mean the foliage is still there if you're a foliage person. I mean we go to look but I'm like, dude, it's just, it's the leaves dying. I don't get the hotel rooms are like triple the price because people want to see the leaves dying. Like I don't,
I'm not into it at all. I don't, I don't get it. We go for the breweries and for the food and you know, do some hiking and driving the, we drive the parkway so much, but I like green, lush. I definitely long in other countries like Ireland and we're just green and lush all the time rather than whatever this is.
Something
stuff
like
the
pain. Uh and you know, it's the pumpkin spice stuff. It's it's like it's gone over the edge and I enjoy it. But some of the newer stuff, it doesn't even have pumpkin in it. I don't know if you know that it's just the ginger and cinnamon, like not even pumpkin. So it's gone too far, it's gone too far.
I saw some pumpkin ravioli the other day on a menu and I'm like, no, no,
thank you.
That's
why,
Something truly special. Oh,
what,
so what do you want to school for?
What's this?
What?
It'll be worth it for? Law is a physician. What what special do you want to go into?
Something straight.
You know, so
you just, you know, from tv, which is probably not, but you're a rotation in every department once you're doing that before,
you know?
Okay. And how long are those blocks
it?
Fuck. Okay. That's not as quick as it seems. Okay.
So
I
thought
my sister in law doesn't like talking about it. I think she's old traumatized right then. But
she's a hospitalist. Um She works overnights and I'm like how how do you how do you manage that? Because you just got she's got three kids and they're at home all day and her husband works and um I'm like how how do you and she just said it works out for her. I don't know how people work third shift. I swear to God I don't but things are calmer in the hospital, third shift. As long as you're not in the er So I guess I'm sorry. E. D. So I guess it makes sense in a way. I don't know I wouldn't
want to do third
Children.
What?
Well it seems to be a lot, I don't have any Children but it seems to be so much different than it was 30 years ago when you called your doctor and that one doctor had to go in. It's so
interesting to see that. And um gosh and the youngest of five, so every all the older kids had had babies in there. Like yeah you have to do like you have to see everybody in the office so you're familiar with everybody and I'm like okay I just need to get my pap smear like yeah,
like I had this phenomenal obi. Um she was phenomenal and I loved her, but any time I needed to see her she was always busy. So I was like I need to uh Ghana just give me
Yeah. Yeah because I'm so tired of getting rescheduled and booted to the physicians I don't like. And so Yeah.
huh.
No.
So how are they doing it without the actors?
What?
No.
Do the medical staff that are not in school, do they have to wear goggles or do they just get shields?
That's the way words. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We'll do I just I can't I don't know this just seems weird. That would be annoying. I don't know how you're doing it. But um I work in the College of Education at a state university so all of our students that are doing your long internships. I mean they're in the school systems working with students because they still have to graduate by the end of the year and we're I don't know what it's like you're in Ohio you said so, I don't know what it's like up there as far as society as a whole, but here, I think we're pretty split with people that are, this isn't real, this is a political issue and say the fucking home. Um So some of the more rural areas, um the students, they go to school and that's essentially the babysitter for the parents. So we have a lot of things going on. So we've got like patches of counties that are, some are in school, some are not, some are doing virtual school and um it's just kind of like a tug of war here, but I forgot what I was going with that.
No, no, I do budgets the boring
behind the scene stuff. I can't keep the wheels on the bus turning rather than teaching events, so.
But
thanks. The faculty are very interesting though. I don't know that I could ever be a faculty members and I don't think the faculty members are like that. And the other areas of study. It's just that these faculty members that teach teachers are more interested in um research rather than rather than teeth. So they lay a lot on us, but it's fine.
Office.
Yeah.
So uh that's when we talk about
no,
no
kids. Um Not married in a long term relationship. We've been together for like eight years. We live together.
So it's like The fucking 39 Eur four at this point. Like if it happens happens if it doesn't doesn't he cares. Yeah. What about you?
Or
There's nothing wrong with that. So the
first
mate,
she and medical.
Yeah I had a doctor's appointment last week. I needed an antibiotic
and I couldn't get in to see them but they had one opening for virtual and I'm like you know I'm I trust myself, I know my body, I know what I need but I guess from the medical standpoint is like okay I just gonna have to trust her and give her this antibiotic, it's not like be on antibiotics or anything. So
because so many people overuse antibiotics
and
we
do yeah. Yeah so it's it's so weird on I just to think about both ends of it.
Yeah it's kind of scary but I guess I guess when it comes down to it it's something that's truly scary. They would just they would have you come in um and and and things moved along. So in March, I remember needing to go because I had a mystery illness in March, uh that turned into bronchitis, she thinks
because you know, it was a virtual visit now. So by the time I got tested, it was like six or eight weeks before I could get tested, obviously was negative point, but it was so weird because at one point I couldn't go in at all and then it's like, okay, you can come in but we have to do all kinds of shit outside in the parking lot with you first, and then a couple weeks later it's like you need to come back in, but hey, you need to go get tested first. And that's the only way isn't I got tested was because I needed to go into the doctor's office, I'm like this is so stupid, this is so open. But I guess we were all learning, so so what's it like? Is everything still shut down in your area?
Or.
Yeah, I didn't think about that, I guess that's something we take for granted here, is that even though it's cold, it's not ridiculous cold. Um and we can still eat outdoors sometimes. Uh Because I noticed that when things could start opening over the summer, like whoever stole picnic tables must have had like the world wind backlog or something, because
reference suddenly turned half of their parking lots and they've got like 1820 picnic tables and I'm like wow, good for them. Um We we tried because I'm overly paranoid about it, I'm high risk tom is a little high risk and he unfortunately has to work in horrible sector, but we um started venturing out because I live in a dark condo and I'm like, I can't I work from home, I live alone. Like my father had emergency surgery in april, I couldn't even go see him and had to start venturing out. And I'm like, I take my Clorox wipes, like laurel, the table and the size of the table, the chairs where we're gonna put our hands tom thinks it's over the top, and I'm like, look, if you want to go out, you just have to give this to me. Like when asked me before, I wiped the silverware, the cops, and then I wipe it off with a towel or a napkin. But I mostly discreetly so people aren't staring at me. But I'm like, I realized we have to get back to real life, but I can't just willy nilly go out because too many people here don't believe it's a
We
we did go to the beach. We have access to his family's beach house. So we went for a few days the Wrightsville and it was, it was so nice to get out and we we ventured out to a couple of restaurants and one of the restaurants with the extra precautions. I got the silverware and unwrapped and there's a piece of cilantro drive on the knife. And that's why I'm like this is why because one I don't know if this is really washed or if this was stuck in the dishwasher. I don't know. But this is what I do it because that's
what
yeah, could be bacteria. So, but it's nice to have gotten away. We also um we rented a cabin in the mountains a couple Months ago just for two nights. Just some random. It wasn't even in Asheville. I don't even know what fucking city it was anymore. 45 minutes from a grocery store. Like there was no little market, no gas station or anything. So we were really really remote. But fortunately had this great Internet so I could work from home.
Just changing your area that you're and was huge.
Yeah. I'm dying to go see my knee. She had a baby three weeks ago. So I'm like come on
is going in seeing her and I'm like no I'm going to be the responsible. And I just finished a round of iron infusions and fortunately they were on the hospital campus which drives me nuts. Um So for five days I was at the hospital and I'm scared of catching something and then I'm surrounded. But you know mostly um older patients getting chemo. So then like not only scared for me but I'm scared for them because I could potentially be like I was so scared the entire time I was there.
I
I'm
surprised to hear that they didn't do like 15 minute covid testing or the rapid test for that. I was very surprised and a little uneasy that that wasn't something that they were doing. I felt bad for them.
well that's what they gave me when I needed to go into the doctor. So I thought that that was like april. So I thought that
they were moving to those but now it's like gotta be quarantine 2 to 3 to 2 to 3 day. So maybe they are celebrities. I don't know the president. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah.
Fine
room.
well
we
did. It went by really fast. All right well good luck to you and it was good for you.
Goodbye.