Green. Well, how about yourself?
Um not too bad. It's pretty chilly today. Um Nice and pretty out. What about you?
so I'm in Cleveland. Ohio, what about you?
it was like low 40s this morning. So I understand that
I've lived in the midwest my entire life and I should be used to it, but every single year when it gets cold I am just a wimp and my friends are always like, are you sure you're not like from texas or florida? No, just Siri? Um
it both, so it'll
be what I've typically found, it's like it's really nice out and then you get one really cool day and then it'll warm back up but it won't warm up to where it was before and then it just, you know, gets colder and colder. Um so I'm also a student so I don't spend a ton of time outside as much like I, I spent that to be inside a study, you know? So the days when I do spend more time outside, I'm like, oh it really is called
of nowhere.
are you
close to the ocean?
that's nice. My family lived in Asheville for just for a year when I was younger. Um but it was, it was beautiful. We would go hiking all the time, but I remember coming from Ohio down there, I was like an elementary school and they would close for like the tiniest bit of snow on the roads or we would like our school district, like some people were like high up in the mountains and we weren't as much, but today we get snow up there, he wouldn't even have any snow and then be like snow day, snow day. That was just always so funny for us.
it's
that's the way it is.
we're over it. Yeah,
that's and that's not good. Especially if you're not as prepared for it being like further south. Right?
My well my, my roommates from florida and we both moved here like a little over a year ago. Um, and so last winter she was like, should I get snow chains for my tires? Should I change my tires? And I was like, I don't know like I have never done that before. But I also learned to drive and like the snow and all the weather and stuff. So, but she survived the first, the first time I got cold I had to tell her that you can't wear socks with crocs and think that that's acceptable snow where she's like, this is the warmest pair of shoes I have. And I was like, all right, let's go buy you some boots.
she's a big crack stand. like I think in florida I must wear them all the time or something.
Thank
you.
Oh, that's so nice. I remember because I was I was like 11 the year we lived there, so I was young, I was just annoyed that we weren't near my friends anymore, I didn't really like our school um
and we were only there for a year, so I was spending most, they're just counting back until I could go back to where my friends were, so I didn't, you know, appreciate it as much as I should have for being there. Um But now I have I have a friend who lives there, I like see people posting like traveling through there all the time and I'm like, wow, if I only I had like, you know, understood or cared a little more when I was younger,
I'm 24.
Not
cool when I was younger.
And you're not into that.
I'm a very big fan of spring, like late spring, early summer where it's still cool like that, you're not dying from the heat. Um but it's like pretty, all the flowers are blooming, you hear like the birds chirping in the morning. I like that way more than I like the fall weather and everybody's like, you're a basic white girl, you should be so in love with fall and pumpkin spice
latte is, I'm like, mhm.
It's
not for
me.
it's a lot. Yes.
How
past I have had like butter scott or butter butternut
squash
ravioli before. That was really good. Yeah. Um that, and that's like a fall flavor, but it's not, it's not as, you know, like popularized as a pumpkin has been so it felt more authentic as like a
I
don't know.
Okay. I'm a medical student, so I'm in my second
year of medical school. Um so yeah,
it's a four year program. Um so ways to go. But
I'm really interested in women's health. Um so probably over G. Y. N. But
um I got, you know, 30 years when you spend most of time in your hospital, in the hospitals doing the clinical rotations. So I really, I really passionate about it, but I, I need to make sure I keep my eyes open like, you know, be open to new another ideas as well. So
this is my cat.
So
not every single one but the main ones. So there's like very small specialties. Like I don't do anything. I don't, I don't do like a derm rotation unless I actually am interested in term and then I can like sign up for an elective. So we have a bunch of elective time and then there's the four main core rotations so those you are eating neuro and psych together, like the brain stuff you do pedes and O. B. G. Y. N. Together. Um And you do surgery, um emergency medicine and filling medicine all together in one big long block. And then you do like internal medicine as one long block. And so that's like um cardiology like pullman ology all like the kidney stuff and then they throw in some extra like electives. Like you do the geriatrics I think in that one as well. So those are like the main fields that a lot of people go into. Um and then you can like sub specialize through those and then you spend most of your fourth year doing those electives and applying to residency programs to kind of figure out more about what you like.
Um there between eight weeks and 12 weeks. Um
some of them are longer or shorter, so. Yeah and you you work like 60-70 hours each of those weeks. So.
Yeah but I mean they do the wife asked especially like because at the end of each block you have an exam over all that material so you have to be working there all the time, then you have to go home and study more. And so I've heard the time flies by which is good because it's kind of miserable um For
four years. Yeah
I
knew I signed up.
I can imagine.
and
I
guess you get used to it with a schedule and then if her husband works during the day you have somebody who's home with the kids, so it makes sense, but it sounds miserable and I have so much respect people who are interested in that. And I guess I'm going to have to be like, if I'm delivering babies, there's not really a, you can't say, you know, stop coming out like so I can go back right,
like, so I'm gonna have to get used to that. So I sleep kind of as much as I can now while I still have the chance
and
okay.
Do it and that will be done
Crazy these days. It's really crazy because we still have to do like clinical work um
throughout this year. So I'm prepared when I go in and do my rotations. Um and you can't even get into half the hospitals around here right now because of Covid and a lot of our stuff with, we, we practice on standardized patients. So they're actors. So they hired to come in
and like play a role for us. Um and you would do a physical exam and stuff on that, but they stopped that program. Um And so it's really interesting the way they're trying to make us like learn all these exams while still maintaining distance and like code precautions. So, um,
well, we do the actors are allowed to go like over video call. So we've been doing a lot of stuff over video of over zoom. Um, which is harder though because you can't do, you can't do anything physical, right? So you have to ask them certain questions. And so they've been tailoring the curriculum. So it's things that like are easier to practice over like telecommunications. So we do like practicing getting bad news to a patient, um, which can be difficult, you know? But as opposed to like, you know, doing doing the exam, finding the mass and then giving the news of cancer something like that. Um And they have staff members who they like pay more to do it and I think because their staff it's okay and then we have to wear like full on like safety goggles and like BMP PE all around and then we'll do that in a hospital like in like a practice exam room in a hospital as opposed to at our school.
So they have like the hospital precautions as well. So
they're, yeah, they're making it work but it's less like there's fewer those few recessions for story. Yeah. And it's just weird like my mask will always fog up. The safety guy doesn't make us, we're so I can't even see. And then I'm like, hello. I I apologize, I'm trying to make eye contact. I can't see your face from here.
just the face shield is fine. I don't know what the point of the goggles is really because I don't know, I'm paying money to to do what they tell me and then
they check off the box and I'm going to go,
Well, it's hard. I'm sure at the end of day you wouldn't keep not only your students safe, but also all the kids and that's a lot of, you know, responsibility, ability and difficulty, I'm sure were you a teacher yourself or
Up.
good little school analogy there.
Like it.
Yeah. It is what it is. Yeah. I never, never been in an education program before that. I mean, that's not what I do. Um so that was interesting to hear about it because my college didn't even have education as
an option. Yeah. And then now, I mean I work in a hospital and I go to school in the hospital, so not like I get exposed to it at all. So cool
here. Yeah.
Um Do you have any kids like you
mentioned?
No.
No.
Yes. I've got a cat, she was just up here annoying me, but she's over on the other couch now. And then I usually have two roommates. Um One moved home back in March when the pandemic first hit, and we'll like she's like live like two hours away now which will commute back here if we have like a mandatory in person sessions, but otherwise she stays at home. And then my other roommate um hes right here but essentially moved in with her boyfriend who lives down the street.
Uh Social pop home to like pick up food and change clothes and do laundry and then she'll go back over there. So I have a three bedroom apartment for just me and my cat.
So
you haven't talked
about?
I'll forgive them. Yeah. All of us are in the same medical school. Um But because of the pandemic are are like lecture based in like our small group classes are all over zoom. Um And so we're doing some of those sessions I was telling you about over the phone or computer as well. So it's really those just the impersonal ones with the goggles that she has to come back here for and she's able to schedule them like she'll schedule three in a row and one day, so he doesn't have to come back again for like two more weeks, so. Yeah.
Come on.
But
you
don't want to be like
prescribing
I had like a dermatologist appointment over the phone this summer, which actually I mean I was like very happy I could like scheduled over the phone because I my family lived like three hours away. So I still have like my hairdresser, my dentist, my dermatologist are all the ones that I had growing up. So I just I usually go home enough to be able to see them. But I didn't I didn't want to go home just for the dermatologist was like oh I can have it over the phone. But I'm like how can you even see my skin that well over like a screen? And then like what if like I know I had like acting on my face right? So she asked me in my face but I'm like what if there's something else in my body that I I don't even know it's a problem, like you're not gonna be able to see it, like it's just not a full thing. So like it makes sense of like some situations especially for like follow up visits I think, or like, you know, just like, oh, I I mean like a refill my medication, but I have to be with you because like insurance regulations or whatever, but just like you were saying it's weird to be doing such like real medicine over the phone.
guys.
Um Things are opening up more um but recently, like over the last week and a half or so, there's been a big spike here in Ohio. My sister is um 14, almost 15. Um And her school was in person since august and now they, for the next two weeks they're shutting down and going all virtual because there's like a big spike in the county and they have to keep it, you know, the percent under a certain level before they can send the kids back. So um yeah, like restaurants are open, you especially for eating outside, so that summer, this summer was a big like, eating outside was okay, but um I usually just get takeout and eat here because it's easier. Um and now that it's getting cold, I'm not sure like what that's going to look like, you know, because you can't, you can't eat outside as much when it's really really cold. Um So yeah, I um this summer I was working as a nanny for a family and they had a really high risk grandparents who was living in the house. Um So I was like, not neither my roommates were here this summer, I was like just going to work in your family and then coming home so I wasn't really going out places. Um There are some people I know who will like go out and do things more often like while wearing masks but it's not not for me, I gotta study so.
Yeah but things are yeah for the most part like all the bars, everything around here shut down like I haven't gone out since you know february before all this happened. So um restaurants, the museums are like reopening, there's some museums in Cleveland but you have to like reserve a spot ahead of time to go into like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame or something. Um So it's it was it was definitely gradual and definitely still not like fully and then I think the cold weather is going to hit pretty hard on a lot of places, so.
I'm
Right. And I mean you're not harming anybody by, you know, wiping things down so if that's what makes you, you know, comfortable going out then more power to you,
I think.
And
better safe and sorry for sure.
Oh, that's nice.
I can't imagine. Yeah. Like I mean I'll show you where am I sitting on the couch, you know, basically every day you in schoolwork and it's nice to go somewhere else. Like I still work part time for the family I baby sit for. So I will like go and do work at their house sometimes and like transition from this couch to my bed maybe if I'm feeling like mixing it up. so I'm sure, you know, going somewhere new really was good for you.
Oh my gosh. You Yeah.
Oh, I bet. And
you know, they're like on chemo writes, their immune systems aren't very strong. So yeah, that's actually, that's
scary.
I think they save those for like the celebrities and the and the sports coaches.
No.
I think we are good on time now if you wanna.
Yeah, it's almost
4:30. Yeah,
That
was that.
You were so nice to meet, you have a good rest of your weekend.