Mhm. Just and we'll hear anything you say. Uh Yeah, something happened
I'm
Kenny.
same. I'm trying to get this swim camp somewhere
that works,
I've done this before. Last time. It was somebody in New York,
but it has to last like at least 25 minutes though, so like
7:30 basically.
I'm from Tulsa Oklahoma, but I live in Dallas in
the weather. It sucks, but
it's it's all right.
Yeah. The truck stop. Yeah, there's one too far from here.
Mhm. Yeah, it's cool. It's got it's like a little mini flea market at a truck stop
and they got food.
have you been down through Waco? Well,
if you go between Dallas and Waco there, it's like real famous spot. I always forget what it's called, but it's like this like a polish pastry shop or no,
it's
Czechoslovakia. But they have like some really good, like they basically make like, they're kind of like doughnuts, but they're like stuff with like different kinds of meats
and cheeses. And they have is everyone to, but they're really great. So if you ever get a chance, like right on the main highway between Dallas and Waco, it'll be just off the highway. They lost the sign
for it.
It's really good and cheap tube. You can even get like this big cheeseburger that's like enclosed and what looks like a sofa via. And uh it's uh like 3 29. No, it's 4 29 but it's still
it's a big good burger for the price.
Okay. Oh, it's called Chip Stop, Check
stop. Like C. C. E. C. H. Uh
Mhm. Yes,
I have a parrot and I have two cats technically. There there's like an outside tom that I feed and let come in at night, but he does not like, he'll scream like loud and you don't let him out. Mhm.
Oh yeah. What kind?
yeah. New feed them? They're big dogs
bluffing.
Thank you. Mhm.
Right. I'm also a
cat person like straight up like where I grew up in Tulsa, they have this like, bad problem of loose dogs, so like, you can just be going for a walk like, and it could be any neighborhood in town. Almost all of a sudden giant dog is barreling down on your snarling, so it's either run, you're trying to hide somewhere. No,
it's been a consistent problem for over 20 years, and I just haven't really done enough about it. I went and visited back in 2018 after my dad passed away,
and I was walking on my friend to the bus stop
because I
had to get back because it was time for me to go catch my greyhound back to texas. And uh we got accosted by a great game, like full side bish, it's not my big luggage bag, like the roller and I'm using it as a shield and Homey was kind of swirling a stick every time I get close and swirl and jumped back. Finally a neighbor had to come and he is the back of a big broom, like one of them big push brooms with the big head and he's using the back of that and shepherded the great day into his garage and close the door, you know, I don't know what to do with it now, I
barely
made the bus in time.
They
do, but like, I've never understood it like people just let their dogs run free like it's the middle of nowhere, but it's like an inner city
financial security,
I'll
go
Like, if you have a dog, especially a big one, just like, let it roam and like, no, no chain leash. Like, and like, it's weird. It's like, most of the people don't even tag their dog, it's like they're just like taking care of a stray and let it roam around.
So
I
had a calico, she recently passed away, but she was 16. She
was
fair.
she was old and she had had a really bad arthritis in her back legs and but she was still getting around, but then her kidney started going on her because she was real old. I thought she had cancer. Uh That's talking about the treatments were going to be thousands of dollars is insane. Like she Yeah, I
I got a little baby. Uh Get real quick. Yeah,
I'll show you the baby right
there. Great. See, so you do a lot of traveling.
huh. She's scared.
Hey? Hi, you're back. Watch out.
So you got kids?
31. Yes.
He's seven getting
He loves roadblocks and music. His favorite.
Being innocent still. Uh
Mhm. Right. And Minecraft
and five nights at Freddy's is pretty popular too. It's hell no. You can see it when I see the poster up there. That's that all the five nights at Freddy's characters.
a little earlier than that, I'm pretty sure. Yeah.
Like 20, even. But roadblocks actually came out. No five And Minecraft was like 2012. So like it's funny that kids uh like first to third grade, like that's like the biggest things in the world right now. And it's because they came out like a year they were born.
That's
with me. It was always more poking one because
like
like when when I got into it about the time yellow came out and uh Mhm The first one that I actually got but though it's Pokemon read, his yellow was pretty new and a friend of mine had already beat it and he got like 100 and 40 Pokemon and he let me borrow it and I didn't realize that once you started a new game, the old one was just gone. So I started a new game played all the way through and beat it and like got all the ones you can get without trading which is only like I
want to say like 1 10 or 1 20 so he was missing like 20 traded pokey minded
in all my place where he got it back is bad but not
that man.
but when I got Pokemon dread I was able to complete the pokey decks. I even got amused someone that went to a special event somewhere and got it and they like traded men so
that
week.
There was an old school and like that came out I want to say on 64 called Pokemon Puzzle lead and it was like you just like kind of like catches but like match and play through the gyms like
that.
Do
you play
poker?
You play Pokemon go
well
yeah in between classes and you're going through the fine and the commons like you've got lots of opportunities to catch the.
Yeah
waiter.
Yeah I play G. T. A five a little bit not too much anymore but I play a lot of sim sport and a Star do Valley.
I
have that on a playstation.
Everything.
It's funny like sell the meat from the courts uh keeping
him cavern tight and it's like he's serving it is food.
I played one of the old personas. Is it good?
I'm like that on sam sometimes like I'll be
like, I'm going to do it because you can like set the here, I'm like holidays now and so you can like do like easter like Halloween trick or treating or like uh even has festivals like all this stuff for it, which is kind of funny the airing of grievances. I don't know if you saw that old Seinfeld or not. Mhm
Thank
you. Yeah.
Uh you might still know festivals because when Ben Stiller's dad died here recently, it kept showing that festivals for the rest of us. Uh Yeah, like he made up a holiday, but you know, Larry david from curb your enthusiasm with real life George and co wrote all of the Seinfeld episodes.
seven basically was the 8th season of Seinfeld in a way, like, Like because that's what they were doing in season 7 to curb your enthusiasm. Mhm.
didn't they rebuilt curb your enthusiasm? Like just like recently, like there's a new season coming out on uh I want to say HBO go man.
like I've been saying they need another season you uh what else do you like to watch?
what would you like uh like Hunter X Hunter, like uh like the Shonan stuff or like uh like movies, et cetera? Right.
Mhm. Yes. Yeah, I've watched quite a few anime and like uh like quite a few like Studio Ghibli, do you like any of those?
And uh the Moving Castle,
my
friend
uh Spirited Away, like a lot of people hate on it. It's mainstream like super extreme, but it's great. Like I don't know if you've heard of the rapper bones. Yeah, he did uh he was Spirited Away and that one song Bathhouse blunts, which is
team says.
Yeah.
Appointment
is it for you here
beat like
you can handle it.
I've heard of him.
Uh I think he did some was that fat nick? Uh Yeah, did that
song. It's the gas stations have all over Mexico is the name of the song? Uh
Pemex? Yes. Mx. Have you heard that?
Check it out on Youtube sometimes It's pretty dope.
What
is it Freddie Dredd? Hold on. All right. That down yeah, market
Mhm. So like if you heard of juggalos? All right. So uh I've been to three gathering of the juggalos. I went to the 2011-2012 and 2014 and I got the hatchet man.
Oh it was sweet. Um And I saw so many different people. Uh I got to see uh
like an english music dad, like a bull, like wrestling promotion going and a full comedy things. I got to see Cheech and Chong. I got to see Gilbert Gottfried. I got to see uh what's his name? The tall dude from uh have you seen double three Jacks?
Mm uh Just Shoot Me. The tv show
is a David fade and brian Hosein, that's his name. You know him? He does podcast with David Cross. Uh
He's like this tall gangly dude. That's like awkward and weird but like he's really funny. He's been an extra and like all the like 90s sitcom
so he's probably somewhere. Yeah.
Go
back.
Yeah that they even do like a thing, there were like this tattoo contest and people volunteered to get done on them and whoever does the best tattoo gets like $500.
Mhm. It's like the uh harry potter invisibility cloaks.
I used to be kind of a big fan but like J. K. Rowling is like so unstuffed insufferable on twitter. Like just like uh
It's
Like definitely because like I was that age when they originally came out, like I was 11 when the second book drop and like I got it like right then and like I actually went out and bought uh order of the Phoenix 1st edition, like like the day after it came out. Um
I don't but I have about e books of all of them,
I hope I lost everything I owned except for two boxes of stuff in 2011. Uh and that was that was like the second time it happened because I lost everything I owned except to trash sacks back when I was 14.
Yeah, I had all kinds of collectibles. Like I used to have almost all the animals, but I still got like now I've built my collection back up to like I got like 15 of the original books and two of the chronicle books. Have you read any of those? It's great. Yeah
definitely. Like uh my son has to hold decks where uh he has um youtube deck and a blast away deck.
You
got
throw in. He was like done stuff hey
you want me to kick out of this? It's pretty old. But one of the ears came on. Uh
where's the camera? Uh Oh there we go. Yeah
this is like 20 years old. But but
uh yeah the Ears listen there. I
got this which is kind of cool. I keep my sunglasses on him. Uh it came out the year I was born. Like I kinda hates the world but like they make good walruses before 94. But like so you got the 1988 tag on
it. But yeah
like
yeah it's dope. Like I have one when I was really young, like
really attached to
it hostage on a city bus. Yeah.
I think
because
you don't
want.
Yeah. Little kids and their stuffed animals. Okay.
If you have a pretty rough childhood,
that's
that's my experience too.
definitely. Like a lot of people I know like we'll make like double what I make and live for because they don't know how to budget or stretch their Henry and stuff. They just used to throwing stuff away. And it's sad really because it's like you're pulling in like 35k here and you broke her to be like, how is that?
You
know, like, like the politico is always like trying to lay it on like illegal immigration or whatever. But like I have a friend that goes down to Mexico quite a bit. His parents live there, there's billboards, they put up advertising for people to cross and they'll hire him,
there's places don't meet them at a bus and like these places tend to usually pay a little above minimum wage. And the way they get away with that though Is like illegal immigrants technically like they can rob them like pay them way less, but by paying them slightly over there, still saving money because they have to pay an American worker like 12 to do the same job, so they're paying like 850 and so they're still saving a lot of money. And then the government scapegoats that immigrants when it's the businesses do it and what do they do? They'll do like cursory roundups. Like they used to one down here, they rounded up 200 employees from two businesses and deported up. Well they all ended up in those camps at the border actually, but, but they didn't punish the companies at all, but the company's advertising Mexico for them to come work and most of them aren't even Mexicans no more there from Guatemala. Uh So like, yeah, they put billboards all down there and tell them, hey, come up here, we'll pay you good. And then they let the government take a few away to keep off the radar and then they just keep doing it without getting in trouble. But
it also
it gives the political somebody to scapegoat. Like a lot of the times like they like need that to maintain their little power structure hierarchy.
It wasn't it wasn't like uh like uh too quiet or strenuous.
she
kept going. Huh?
All
right. Well you have a great day.