I'm my name's Alyssa,
what's your name?
It's nice to meet you.
You're good.
Um So I'm not 100% sure to talk about since this is more random, kind of like doing whatever you want to do, like talk about whatever, but
Off,
well,
yep. Um where are you from?
I love texas. Uh huh.
True.
Um I used to perform like around the country, so I'm from Illinois but when I travel around and perform um sometimes we travel in texas and I went last summer when I was performing, I grabbed um a pair of like texas shorts from a bucky's and they're my favorite. Do you guys have bucky's there?
I love bucky's.
it's great. Seriously.
True. I have like a little bucky's key chain that I actually have on my book bag.
Not too weak. Oh no.
can
be,
Well.
Well
that sounds amazing.
What,
definitely? Well I'll make sure to stop by
what is it called?
that's a cool name.
Um So do you have any pets?
That's funny. I also have two cats have a big dog too.
Oh it's a Newfoundland.
They're huge,
it's bigger than I am. Uh huh. Oh yeah I can show you a picture here.
I got to find a recent one. Mhm. Sorry I'm a cat person so I mostly have pictures of my cat
but
that's funny. Uh
Well
but
what?
that's
funny.
Do they have like shelter
stomach?
wow. Yeah I live on a highway in the middle of nowhere
but and we're still
always
so worried about our dog like going and running into the middle of the road so I don't understand that at all.
Weird. Um This is a picture of my cat,
if you can see it at all. She's a tortoiseshell cat, which means she has like the calico an orangish
color and she's also black.
It's
an old
cat. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah. That's sad. I'm lucky. My cat still baby.
Mhm.
I want cat.
Um Just for performing stuff. Yeah. Mhm.
Oh my gosh, That's too cute.
It's so cute. Okay.
Uh no, I do not. I'm a little too young for kids, I would say. Um because I'm only 20, so I am not ready for that. I'm going to have to save a ton of money first. Mm
Do you have any kids?
wow, that's cute. And mm, what is your son like to do? Yeah. Oh
Mhm. I love kids. Um I actually tutor online on the site called varsity tutors and I teach mostly like around the age group. So I I love kids that age, they're just so much fun. Yeah. Uh huh.
yeah, for real. Um they're all obsessed with video games like Fortnite and like roadblocks, that's all they ever talk about.
Yes, that's how my nephews are too. Mhm.
wow. Doesn't that game come out in like 2000 and like 14? Yeah,
Maybe like 2012. Mhm.
right. It's just, it's so weird to me because when I was growing up I was obsessed with like Minecraft and things like that, like that's all I ever did was play Minecraft on my Xbox 3 60. but then like seeing my nephews and like other small Children now, like always be playing video games, it's just so weird to me because I never would have expected to feel like I have so much in common
with Children. Okay,
I
love Pokemon.
it's
no
that's
funny. I mean he should have known if he was trading it right? You know
those were the days. Yeah, there's this game on my phone um It's some like
Pokemon
like match three games, so it's kind of like candy crush, but it's Pokemon and I'm obsessed, like I play it every single day.
well
that's great. There are no gyms in this app, that would be just amazing. I wish
do
you play
any
Um I did a lot when it first came out and then I stopped for a little while and then I
started college and I played it again because for some reason everyone in college is still obsessed, But I I mean it's really fun.
Right? And there's so many gyms, like normally since when I'm at home and I'm not at college, like I live in the country, right? Um
There's nothing in the country, like there's no gyms, there's nothing, there's not even Pokemon,
so yes, it's sad. Do you play any games now?
Oh yeah, I've played all those games. Um I actually just beat this game called graveyard keeper.
It's really similar.
I love it. I went like 100% completion rate
on that and I got every achievement.
Uh
that's so gross. Nobody ever bats an eye. Uh huh. Um The game I'm playing right now is persona four, Like, I feel like you would know about that probably.
Yes, it's so good. Oh, like I just want to keep playing and I know it's bad because I need to do other things, but I just want to keep playing until I finished
test.
uh No, I've
seen all of curb your enthusiasm
but not Seinfeld
wow, yep, that's why I need to watch Seinfeld mhm
man, that was a good show. That's that's gonna be my next show I think.
I'm not sure, I've watched all of mine on amazon prime so far, but if there is and I'm super excited
uh huh I watched a lot of anime. Yeah,
have you heard of my Hero Academia? I really enjoyed that show. There was another one I really liked and it was about like this factory where they like harvest Children for their brains and I don't know I like that one though, it was good, it's just like the graveyard keeper.
yes they're so good. Like my neighbor totoro and things like that in like kiki's delivery service
Yes. So good
and the
soundtrack.
Mhm Man I love bones. That's funny. We have so much in common
right? That's great. Um
I actually found out about bones like two or three years ago and I don't I don't fault like keep up with this music as much but I really wish I did because it's so good. Um There's another guy that's just like him, let's see
if I can find.
That's not who I'm thinking of. Oh I know who it's called.
This
this certain rapper is called Benny Revival.
I like his music.
Well
Yeah.
I haven't
let me write that down. Yeah. Have you ever heard of Freddie Dredd?
It's so good.
Mhm.
How is that?
Like, wow.
I haven't,
no.
I don't think I've heard of that one, no. Mhm.
probably.
actually had a relative who I think he was also obsessed with like the juggalos stuff and that's how I really know about it because when I was like six, so a
little
while ago uh like I had my mom's best friend, her son, I was just obsessed with all that kind of stuff and he wanted to become a rapper and all that kind of stuff like it was so it's so interesting. I think he even got a tattoo as well,
that's so cool. Okay I have a tattoo but it's really small, it's just a triangle but I like it.
Yeah. Yeah it kind of is a man, I haven't read harry potter in a long time. It's actually Sorry go ahead.
God, she's something else like, all I hear now is just how she's like canceled and things like
that, like it does kind of ruin the series, but if you can separate the two, it's better.
Well, I don't Do you still have them? Yeah,
close
At least you got to read the books I guess.
Did you ever collect Pokemon cards?
That's great. I still collect you except
it's all mps
and evolutions like, so I have ever like a card of every single evolution um and I have like 30 EBS.
pretty much.
Yeah. Mhm.
Oh, it's so cute. Yes,
Cinderella,
lot of vB, it's my favorite paul. Come on. Yes.
What?
That's
so cool.
proper
service.
I actually had a very similar experience. I had this little like dog plush toy When I was maybe like eight and I think I got it from a dumpster. I know that's disgusting, but I was like eight and I was like super attached to this
little guy and I remember just
like
it
tore apart because it was so old and worn out one day and I just like cried nonstop. Oh
I had a lot of night tears when I was a kid, so. Right.
Um No, I wouldn't say it was like really rough but like we grew up really poor, which is fine, but
it is what it is.
Yeah, it sucks, but you know what we get stronger from it so and then you learn how to kind of make do with what you have, you know,
Right. Uh That's so true. So true. Especially with like the area I live in, like no one makes money, like everyone's broke except for like
there's there's like some mexicans that come to work in my town at like a food processing plant type deal. Um and they make the big bucks, so.
Hey?
it's
just a cycle.
Right. Yeah. It's kind of messed up. But you know what is what it is I guess until someone fixes things that's probably going to stay the way it is. All right. So it looks like our 25 minutes is up. Um I had a really really great time talking to you like we have so much in common, so it's nice.
Right? I remember, I think my boyfriend did something one of these also on prolific and there was, um, He matched with like a 60 year old woman and had to talk to her
for like 30 minutes. And it was so hard to like come up with things. So
Right. Right.
Right. Well, goodbye
you, too.