Bye.
I'm good. How are you? So is this your first time doing this study?
well that's
Where
are
you from?
I'm from California. Yeah.
Oh that's cool. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. I actually signed up three times before this. Two times the other person didn't show and then one time they just canceled. So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They paid me like the $1.50 compensation for waiting five minutes. But that's it. Yeah,
I'm home from school, I go to university and so my school actually starts next week. Yeah.
Yeah. What about you?
definitely.
Yeah, I'm a micro biology major so like most of my education it's important to get lab experience and everything's online. Like I'm not getting all this education I need. Yeah.
One.
order.
I feel like every century has its like defining moment covid over 19. Like the first or maybe after 9 11 is like the second most defining moment of 20 the two thousands. Yeah.
Actually my grandparents there from India, so they actually um were alive when there was an outbreak of bubonic plague in India. And like they used to talk about how whole villages used to get wiped out. So they actually looked through something like that. Yeah,
It's pretty bad. I think we like surpassed five million. Or was that they just entire United States? Right? But California is one of the biggest ones and I feel like people are just forgetting now that coronavirus was being like the effect like it had has mellowed out and like everybody's getting used to it, so they're not paying as much attention to how bad it actually is.
Look
I also feel like if we had like the government had put like forced into wearing masks in the beginning, this whole thing could have been over much more quickly and like in three months it wouldn't have spread as much as it has now and like I'm total vaccine comes out. It's basically playing the long game now.
Yeah. It's like people view their freedom way too much in America. So like any attempts to like do like oh everybody needs to wear a mask. So capitalism to like it's like very politically divided to like the right or the left. So and like the basic like these are human rights we should be talking about. They shouldn't be divided in political views like everybody should get them. Yeah.
Well
Dick
and
Yeah.
I think the whole voting system right now is like messed up. I was watching if I don't know if you know a patriot patriot act by Hasan Minhaj.
Okay, it's on netflix but he basically talks so there was this one episode where he was talking about how the voting systems completely messed up. Like it's either one or the other. If we go third party, like people look down on you because there's no being that. So he was deeply saying there should be a system called ranked choice voting. So you like have a list of candidates and you like rank them And if the top two people end up tying or something or they get disqualified, the they next go to the second people and the rankings they have for them, like for a second or third they add up and in the end they have to play nice to everybody in
irritable.
Yeah. So that would like completely be the popular vote, not the Electoral College or um a representative democracy or anything like that. Yeah.
All
Like
the first time I heard about the Electoral College, I thought it was basically they pulled together every like districts votes and then that's what each electoral is like it's a vote of what those popular votes in that specific region voted. But apparently that's not how it goes.
Uh I'm part of the under representative minority in India and like India's government, even though they're both to be democratic. It's like really nationalistic and so the entire political like environment is horrible over there.
There's a lot of
corruption going on. Yeah.
No.
I feel like no matter what happens, humans always find a way to like make different groups based on who they are and like alien alienate everybody else.
Mhm. What we need is an alien invasion just so that you know, unite.
How's
the weather in Honolulu On a lighter note?
Is it
you
in there?
Politics?
weather here is like for California, it's like pretty good weather. But like half a month or so wildfire season is going to start and I'm not expecting good air from then on. Yeah,
I'm actually in the Bay Area. Yeah.
So like weather is pretty much perfect over here.
It's like, It's like around 80° right now. Like, Like the average is 80°F. and then there's a bunch of cool breezes like blowing all the time except for like a couple of heat waves. It's like the weather is perfect. There's no humidity, almost none. Yeah,
evidence there was, it's not hot enough to actually feel the humidity. So it's like almost if you're inside, it's, it's almost like springtime over here. It doesn't feel like
somewhere. Yeah but like if you go towards the Valley Central value it gets really hot and dry there. Yeah.
Well I went to the East Coast last year during the summer and it's like really humid in new york and like Washington D. C. And then yeah and then I went to Seattle this year before this whole coronavirus things did happen and it's like pretty chilly in Central. I don't
know.
No I went in like february in Seattle. Yeah.
Pretty windy and cold. Yeah.
It's like the demographic demographics between east coast and west coast are so so more different than you would expect. And also like the architecture to like East coast it's almost like European architecture because it's so old and then here is like modern architecture because it's like only been 200 or so years since it's been populated. Yeah.
Honestly. Okay. I have like five different niches which I have like dream jobs or dream living states have so like one there's like the rich kid in new york but that that could never happen. And then I have another one where it's like just living on a farm in Switzerland or something in europe.
Yeah. That's like my main one. Being able to just travel in five
hours to any other country you want in europe. That's nice. What about?
Dream job would be like owning a farm in Switzerland or whatever and then having like business trips to new york or other cities in the world For like two days a month.
Yeah exactly. That's the
main problem. What hobbies do you like?
Here.
I'm not really into cooking, but I'm like, ever since quarantine started, I've been really into baking, but like almost every other person. And so yesterday actually I made the pizza and garlic nuts and they were pretty good. Yeah.
Besides that, I actually played basketball in high school, but it's been so long since I've played and I usually go biking now. Yeah. Yeah.
It
is, it is there's a bunch of nice trails, but the only thing is their way to populate it. Yeah.
No,
I have it.
I haven't
been to the google plex, but I have been to the Apple campus and like instagram headquarters, so. Yeah, but
I must
not as impressive as google,
I mean apple, it's like pretty big. So I actually live near there and I actually like saw it being built in like the whole um process of it and it was pretty
Well
I
don't know actually. Yeah.
do you like traveling to like national parks and stuff?
I've been to Yosemite and the grand. Yeah I really like hiking but like I don't, my family does it and like most of my friends don't like there so I'm like it's very rare that I get to go like places like that. But yeah I like hiking and how jersey stuff.
I'm not an avid hiker, I can't even think of what I'm sorry.
but Yosemite is like really nice or
the one time
I want
to, the one time I went to Yosemite I actually got to see like all four seasons. So like at the at the base of the park it was like springtime and then halfway through you can see like forests that were scorched from forest fires and let's like dead and bear in there. And then towards the top we actually got to see like rain and then there was snow falling. Yeah. Yeah
it was like a little thing.
It is really
Grand Canyon.
The one
thing.
Hm.
Um Not really it was back like I think it was at least five years ago or something now and it was like during november so it was pretty chilly and there weren't that many people. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. My bucket list like my one thing I really want to go to has to be like Yellowstone. Yeah.
I wasn't it like the first national park that teddy Roosevelt recognized also I just want to see like the water geysers like in action. Yeah.
Uh huh.
I just want to be rich enough to like travel wherever I want to go without having to worry about money.
All right. Well it was nice talking to you.
You
too.