Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mm. Right. Uh huh mm hmm mm hmm. Well good. Really? Oh. Mhm mm.
Hi how are you?
Um No actually I've done it for three times now so I've met with this one lady from California, another lady from florida and then another man from um somewhere in Iowa.
So it's kind of interesting just like getting to talk to different people like in the country. Yeah.
What
about
you?
I'm from Honolulu hawaii.
so right now I'm over there and just kind of like staying at home and helping out with the family as well.
wow.
Yeah
that's kind of irritating if they don't show up. So did they pay you or E. N. J. P.
I see. Um I don't know are you working right now or are you going to school or?
wow.
Mhm. Um Well I'm currently working and going to school at the same time. Um We start at the end of august, so that will be interesting because I guess initially um my university decided to do like a hybrid mix of like online classes and in person classes. But what's been happening in Hawaii is that we've been seeing like a recent uptick in coronavirus cases. So I mean because we've been seeing like a major optic like within the hundreds and 2000s. Um I guess the state is trying to close off certain things, like going back to basically step one and trying to limit the amount of um contact that's been going around. And so I mean deep in closing parks and um like restaurants and bars, so I guess it will be interesting to see, you know, if this would just be like a repeat of during the spring semester if everything will need to be online. And I don't know, I guess for me, I'm not really a big fan of online learning just because it's so
this organized and you don't really get like the active engagement as if, you know, you're in a physical classroom. And for me, you know, I need that sort of interaction with the teacher or the instructor professor. Um, so I don't know. I'm just sort of hesitant to see what will happen.
Yeah. I mean it's just kind of, it's strange to be living in a time like this. I mean I've never experienced anything like this or like nearly as disastrous
as, you know what we're experiencing now in our nation. I mean just the covid situation and the Black Lives Matter movement and there's just so much unrest
and I don't know, it's just interesting times we're living in, I guess.
Yeah, you're right. I think so. But I don't know, like I've been talking with other people like throughout the country and I used to be all sort of feel that like even for gen xers or like older generations, like they have never quite seen anything like this as well and so it's not that they're necessarily scared, but it's, it's sort of surreal to be um in this sort of time I guess. No.
mm. Are the cases in California?
great. Yeah, the same way, I mean, I guess it's, I don't think it's as bad as like some parts of the nation, like I think especially when this one guy I was talking with like in the midwest was saying that, you know, if you go to the Heartland of the nation, like basically people are just for themselves and don't really care about, you know, protecting others and wearing a mask, right? You know, at the same time, it's like, you know, you kind of have to do weeks a communal duty to sort of protect everyone within your community from getting this virus. We're not as though, you know, you wait until the last minute until someone, you know gets Covid
or you personally get Covid and realize, oh my God, you know, this is a virus that can really harm me. And so, you know, I just wish that people would be taking this. You know, I was more seriously and just, you know, not being so lax upon, you know, protective measures,
Right. Yeah, you're great. I mean, I don't understand why our nation can, you know, model South Korea or new Zealand or any other issue that's been doing better than we have in terms of just trying to manage this virus. I mean, of course it all comes from the top down, but I mean, it's just, you know, it's just ridiculous to see, you know, us as one of the top nations in the world, just, you know, completely handled this virus and mismanaged chaotic way.
There's just so much polarization with innovation, even trying to come up with the government stimulus bill to relieve, you know, people who are unemployed. I mean, like we can't even come up with a compromise in the middle between republicans and democrats and
you know, I think this is what basically irritates people and you know, probably got donald trump elected in the first place, although I think he's very incompetent as president.
You know, I understand the frustration
that, you know, people are feeling and wanting to have like a non traditional politician, I guess. Right.
I guess it would be interesting to see what happens in november. I mean, you know, being an election year, you know, hopefully, well, I personally feel that joe biden should be president. I mean I don't Agree with him 100% on things, but I think he's better than Trump in a lot of ways.
No.
Is
that is that system like sort of like going off of the popular phone or?
Yeah, I don't really understand the Electoral College, I mean, I understand why was in place, but
I think looking at now, I feel like it's just sort of um unrepresentative of the times we're living in. Mm I don't know, I especially feel that even if, you know, the popular votes Squeeze for one candidate, you know, the senators for that state, you can still vote for a different candidate even though the senators are supposed to represent the people quote. And so you know,
I think it's unfair that those waves.
Very. Yeah. So I I don't know it's strange. I mean there's in year happens, you have like the same voting system that we do or is it just completely different
his
team?
Mm You see. Yeah, I guess
I guess it's just sort of like uh international thing. I mean like you know you look at politics you know throughout the different nations and You know one way or another it's corrupt so.
Mhm. Yeah it's true. It's like I don't know I feel like people have to find something to eat and just sort of like released their anger or stress on that person or group or whatever just so that you know they can remain emotionally stable I guess.
Mhm. Yeah, that's true. I don't know, it's just very strange means, I don't know. Um
But
um it's been good I mean recently um we just kind of got through a sort of hurricane warning. So um well I guess whenever a hurricane hits hawaii people tend to make a big deal out of it because we don't really receive a lot of hurricanes here, so like even if Like a category one per se but to hit Oahu's specifically uh then people would start like going to Costco and panic buying and basically you know drying out, you know store shelves. Um But luckily you know the hurricane didn't you know directly hit any of the islands. So you know we were also you think the clear uh but it is hurricane season in ways so from august until early november um we're still like in the cautionary uh I just sort of time period so I don't know just on my tools but other than that I mean the weather is sunny um you
know
it's
and warm it can get very
humid depending especially during the summer. Um If there's no wind like trade winds then it tends to get really sticky and muggy but if there's like you know trade winds for a breeze coming from you know any direction except the cell um then it is relatively comfortable. It's there. Yeah
Are you toward Los Angeles side or towards san Francisco? So
for the bay area?
I can imagine. Is it is it dry or is it relatively
Oh that's
it's
mm let's see. Um Have you been elsewhere besides California? Like within the U. S. Or even internationally?
Like
even during the summer?
it's pretty cool during that time for,
mm let's see. Well I guess I've only really been me either the west coast or the East Coast. Nothing really between like maybe west coast would be California and did that. Uh that's about it in the east coast. I've been to Washington D. C. New york and continue. Um The east coast trip was basically like uh american historical trip that our class went on for eighth grade. So you know it's basically just visiting the historical sites like Jamestown and um Washington D. C. And new york city and what not. But that was a fun experience. I mean I've never been to the east coast before so um it was just a bit uh you know um surreal to take in the experience and you know be in our nation's capital at the same time.
Yeah that's true. I don't know do you prefer like a specific um area like well if you were to find the dream city or dream um state to live in like what would you pick?
Well that sounds nice.
Very
I guess for a year I feel like I'm more like a city person. So of course like living in new york would be nice but at the same time like I feel like the bay area would also be nice in Seattle wait someplace urban but yet not necessarily too too hectic. Um But still being experienced like this being exposed to like the city life and having a nice view and somewhat clean air I guess. Um But I guess yeah I mean come to think of it like living you know having a farm life in sweet and like Switzerland sounds like really calming and just you know, just like, no, I never really thought of that, but you know, I think that's something I could probably think about now.
Yeah, that sounds good, right? I guess I would have to somehow, you know become a millionaire overnight in order for me to afford that
unfortunately.
I'm sort of a tennis player. Um Not necessarily the best, but I wouldn't say necessarily the words either, like average I guess. Um I think that I'm into cooking um Usually I go jogging or running um just as like a tv exercise kind of thing. Um But in that um I don't know like sometimes just being a couch potato and extremely whatever
is on netflix or what not. Um Yeah, what about you?
cool, that sounds good.
It must be nice to like within the bay area as
well.
Yeah, by the way, have you ever been to the google plugs before in
the bay area?
I don't know why, but like it's on my like sort of a wish nist like my to do list. Like I don't know, something just fascinates me about the google plex, like wanting to visit google is just like, it just feels like a dream experience for me. I don't know why, but mhm. I guess maybe the architecture and like the amenities that they offer to their employees and just like the very unconventional way of their office layout I guess also.
And
how
are they?
How are they,
mom? No, I don't know. I'm kind of like a tacky. So
even like trying to visit a campus, like whether it be facebook or instagram or what not just sounds sort of like impressive to me. Um But yeah I mean it's sort of um like a dream sort of then I hope to accomplish one day. I mean are they offering tours to the
public?
Um Let's see, I don't think I'm running out of things to talk about. Um
um Yeah I'd say anything relating to traveling I find interesting. Um Right I guess just visiting any attractions like whether the museums or parks or what not. Um Fascinates me. Um I guess I don't know I'm not necessarily the more outdoorsy type but will appreciate like going hiking to a place and I've never been to before or experiencing like a once in a lifetime sort of activity I think. Um But yeah, I mean I'm all down for like the terrorists and stuff and you know beating and sightseeing and what not. What about you?
Yeah. What is the most, I guess exquisite height that you've been on before?
No, no, no, it's perfectly fine. Yeah. Mm. Okay.
imagine just
like
even seen,
wow.
I've never heard of like an experience where you've seen all four seasons at once. Wow. That's just, that's just sort of blows my mind against. But it must have been nice visiting
Yosemite and uh, for us you should, you visited?
Oh yeah, the Grand Canyon. Yeah. I've always wanted to visit there sometime. It's on my bucket this, but yeah, it must be like breathtaking to take in. Was
it chronic
when you went,
was he chronic when he went?
you went during basically a perfect time then.
Is there a particular museum like why you want to visit that destination?
hmm. Yeah. I think it was one of the first parts um I don't know. I'm sort of behind on history by um Yeah. Yes.
I guess for me he's visiting any european country would need sort of like on my top travel bucket bucket list. Like I've never been what the only place I've been internationally would be Japan. But other than that like I've never been anywhere within the continental european countries or really you know other parts of Asia. So I think just having more experience within international travel with beauty with my top pocket listings into ideas.
Yeah that's true. Like I sort of envy by parents because they were flight attendants and like if you're a flight attendant and you know you basically have that free ability to visit wherever. And so you know, although you know they don't really want me to become flight attendants or you know not necessarily anything within the travel industry like you know the benefits are good. I mean you know we get free accommodations basically with your work song. I don't know.
Yeah you too. Hopefully you know things go your way in the future and I don't know would you see what happens with the cold covid thing and hopefully next year is a lot better than this year. For sure. I mean it's just been a bad year but yeah take care and
thank
you for this conversation.