You see me?
good.
So there's a couple of minutes after that
so
I where do we? I guess we just um I've never done this before.
Hey
come on I'm sherry and I'm in Salt Lake City. You to.
It's nice
because we don't have that.
We're one of the red ones right now we're up we're way up. I'm right by the
airport so it's urban here. Okay.
Um No actually I was working as a flight attendant so I'm not doing anything. I'm doing unemployment right
now. Yeah
so I'm hoping to go back soon but I think it's going to end up being remote from home because I mean our cases are getting really high here and I have asthma so on my risk and that's scary.
Which
man? Oh.
After
well you're in the grandpa office, you're everybody's favorite person. I remember college.
you've got to be patient with that after after a couple of semesters. Then they get to just of how it works. So
I went to the
university,
I went to the U. For psychology.
And then decided how we fly medicated
All
I know. Uh We had
we get
some bits, everybody's always right. You know you just got to
read every
button like
not in
the
sky
as
Uh huh. I've never
seen
anything
like
that ever.
Thank
you.
I
I was
thinking
stop
that.
All
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Well
well
well
completely
she
she might get and sometimes people will take a muscle relaxer or something before they
get on the flight
and make
my goodness.
that was
going on.
I
think
huh.
you get
the value
of an advantage
and
we're
almost
Yeah, people think you get really nervous at the white knuckles and I mean there's a few times when, you know, you get a little nervous myself because I know that if anything does happen, I'm your your resource, you know, so you
just gotta, it's I think the hardest part is like a zoo this um it's positive interview, you know? So even when it's, I mean I've had the mask fall and everybody's freaking out and you just, you know, and it's confidence that you need to install and people can be really do you got to be an actress. You really good because you got to feel, yeah, you know, and go back and you strap in and you just great.
They do
the most credit.
It's
an event.
In fact, I was just starting a new every every airline did you fly for? You have to go to their school and I was trying to get on with Delta and I was just starting with Skywest which is actually about Osama was
relocated here in Salt Lake City. So I was about a week into that and I'm gonna, I was really bummed out.
I was playing for
before
that and I was fine except
You know there was like two of us and then I mean 12 seats
at the most. And so
it
was that was like compounds represent like L. A. And and Arizona and you know it's like colorado and stuff and that was okay. But I went back east
few times Chicago is a terrible, terrible place to
have to fight you man. And I don't make mine Houston.
That's an awful
airport.
How
do you
partner?
But I wouldn't say we want Jack.
yeah. I'm
not I don't want to remember.
It's
a minute fresh that are that those are the ones that you just really have to like, you know because yeah,
they are. Do you just want to smack some
until
people drink? Wait, thank you.
I
think
there's
self.
Any
action?
hmm. Well, you know, a lot of physicians will actually give people a muscle relaxants instead of, right? And then, you know, you're not aware of this. You serve them if you drinks and next thing you know, they're just move. Yeah,
I went through a few
of those little those little bags,
cattle.
Hi.
Can we
please?
What
business
they
right over there,
you know
that?
He
did
not
tell
it was over
down.
It
is so
good for
you.
All
I won't
first
the pressurizing the cabin to do that. I've had if I have a cold or something I'll have to take any histories because I'll get a pain through my ears and in my head that I mean it's actually I've had grab on to his seat and sit down with a couple of times because it states Yeah. People look over like
and you're like, oh yeah, alright judge can you? Isn't that funny? Yeah.
It's amazing what I mean. A lot of it is the pressure of it because I think shorter flight because they be
a they pressurize those cabins so fast sometimes
that it it will throw you for a little back. But yeah,
I
mean
my mom has vertical I think you do the bathroom sometimes she's holding onto the walls and I can't even imagine what that would feel like.
That would be rough.
So
you tell
us your
story.
So you've been to acquire a few times then?
yeah. Four.
So
which one did you like the best? But they're both your Out of those two.
Yeah. It's not as hectic. I think it's designed better to you can get around faster without. Yeah. I think that's one of the things I hated about flying into Houston so much as you know you gotta go it all the way downstairs into that that whole you got this 50
downstairs
and it was horrible parking lot. It's like Oh my gosh
it's
so
that's a bad place. So so
tell me about the school where you work. I mean is it is it
do you have with people are
what
happened
and
first
note
before?
True. Um
Having
I
am reliable
all of them
scientific
industrial type of that's me. I'm looking at your above your head. You got your
your
mirror
just
yeah that's me. I love it. It's so like retro
sixties. I want
it.
Greg.
reminds
me of
appear
when
there
is.
No
I
bet
it there. But
the
feeling
I have this big room and so involved in ceilings and stuff. I just my little couch area.
it saves a lot there and it's so comfortable because I have like 16" of memory for management. Maybe it's because I fly.
I'm so
very glad.
All
Hi.
is now when you're looking at your your little box over here? On the left on the bottom?
So I can't I have a cat wandering around here someplace too, but I had to lock him out because he will crawl up over again. Yeah,
I ask
you.
I don't
want
In here. Kitty
levy time. Another one. Yeah.
And yes.
What
high
court.
The
heart.
I
never
got. It's about what kind of a cat is he? Is he?
what
is?
Yeah. You don't have have a Norwegian forest cat
because
yeah. God, is he ever
but
it's
not like she had bad. So I don't get like a lot of I don't have cat here on any of my clothes or anything, but it kind of falls up and you're afraid of People want a great for something. Thank you for that. Out of your brothers or something. It's kind of weird but convenient when the expression that up, they're closed. So yours is a short yeah.
It
more
like,
what you'd rather like?
Dead
and
Our, it's getting starting to get cold. He said we're going to have some warmer days. But Utah is like The famous saying here is if you don't like the weather that's okay, wait five minutes because they will have 80, 90 and the next day it will be 60, 40. I mean the knights can drop to 30 minutes. Yeah, it's a ski city, that's for sure.
So I mean we're just, I don't know though with this global warming and we just haven't had the snow we used to have at all. I mean you used to bury you in your house. I've never been out there. We were back east, but we're in philadelphia and then we came back and I got my first pair of skis, my families in the region, so I was four and I'm standing on my mailbox, you know in my new skis because now,
I mean if you
get aggravates, you're driving into a bad one, it's just, it's gotten bad, get into the mountains, but not down here that much anymore. I kind of miss it. You
guys
don't get
no
over,
it's
like an
ice
or
it's
getting warm, forget him, things are getting warm, so. No,
I don't know. Are you, are you a believer in global warming?
Utah is kind of strange because it's so half of that, I mean well three quarters of its so conservative and the other part that's liberal is so liberal, we don't
have the ground there, it's a very extreme list kind of place, you know? Yeah. I mean when they had the protests, I mean we had a lot of purpose
and then we had an earthquake. I don't know if you know about the been you
familiar with mormon stuff?
no,
I have
just
been,
we
have this tempo that they built when they first came here and they have this angel moroni that's on the top and he's holding this businesses. But he has this big bold horn. And at the apocalypse at the end of days he's supposed to blow this horn and we had an earthquake about to go. He dropped his horn right on Main
Street and
the whole
thing
was, it was pretty funny because he was uh
yeah, just like the big news here. I mean on every stage in and everybody gathered
around.
it's a
pack. So
you
want
to
so
yeah uh internet news that can be internet news is that's kind of like, you know, one extreme to another. You never know. Yeah.
Isn't it? Yeah.
It's kind
of different. I do just everybody
gets simply.
I get mine any day like do you guys get to vote from home mail?
fine. Immigrant ball.
What?
Yeah. I was just just automatic mail. Unless you want to do a different map. Yeah.
But I haven't heard anything about any like in California, they got all those fake ballot drops and stuff. It's like actually my mom moved in here with me and she's not registered in Utah. So I went online because you can register online but they wouldn't let her because she didn't have on her driver's license to her passport, she has to
have this actual address and it took me probably two hours to print the paper. It wouldn't print the bottom where your signature goes. I don't know why I'm like intricate,
I downloaded it onto my compared logged off the internet and then it would print, I thought you see weird stuff going on.
But
it's crazy. I don't know what's about and encourage, you know,
it's gonna be I you know, I don't even know what you're like, this is going to be a unique here. I think, I mean whatever happens is going to be, whatever happens, it's gonna be very publicized.
to
go
ahead in the cave.
Thanks,
thanks, I'm
fine.
I
know you really don't. I mean last time I million years didn't think what would happen happened. You know, I mean the comedians nail that they're funny about it, you know? But it's like, I guess, I guess we can vote and then whatever happens, that's what we're going to have to deal with. So yeah,
I
things need to calm down a little bit, you know, I would love to watch the news and you have somebody like talking about there weird flower that's not supposed to be growing in their garden, you know, that would be good news for a tank
or
some of these old cars that they restart. We used to have that kind of news here, but or even even more on a drop in his blood trumpet
I'm hoping it's so good. I
would like to see, I'm trying to be being the internet. We can see if you've been having the news
here. I know there are news broadcasting different than you were telling everybody else because we live in a bubble
here.
Were
batteries.
thank
you
for
me. Uh,
they do that by radio
I
have been so happy to do it too. It
would,
it
would
another
do
you pray
for
him to criminal when you're looking.
It's, you know,
they kind
of remind you of that the, um, nature. I mean if if one of their, if one of them are going to one of them in there, they call them ward, one of them is going to move or shows up. I mean there, I mean, I gotta, they're crazier than on a map. I think
it's
really out their beliefs, but you know, but they are, they're, I mean they're just so helpful
and nice. And I mean, yeah, there there are the bigger and that's why you
shouldn't
told
me,
Absolutely.
and then you
thank
you for letting them.
Well they have at least in that the women do women, you know, I felt sorry for him because the men could ride bikes. The women, they wouldn't get in your pants for the longest time, They just barely passed it so that they could wear pants about, I think it was two years ago because women, you know, women don't wear pants, you get
married, you have babies. You it's it's a lot like, you know, it's a lot like
the Amish because they do, I mean women have their place so they could quickly and they're not supposed to work. They don't do anything else. They they're not they don't even chop on sunday ever. And uh yeah, so you're now they can wear pants but they get this come and hang out. I mean if you had anything going on
like baking cookies or something, oh God uh
bring you bring presents to your cookies and food is the oh my
of course it's a little
different
now. Yeah,
I
forgot.
patients
well he found a
you're in a minute, I'm going to be breastplates in the seer stone and I guess they
when when christ died they came over here with the american indians and saved them. And then from
there
he built his church here but joseph smith lost these things and then but he took it to a local farmer who was an Egyptian apologised for his sounds and make sure that he
was, you know. But yeah, there it's a corporation. It really it is. I mean when you get letters and stuff it says, you know it's correct and they're very, very, very many oriented. I mean, they paid their members, they paid because it's rent and they have the bishop's
storehouse where like instead of the food bank, if you're, if you're up the ass or mormon, they'll give you a food order, you go over there. I mean, amazing
what they do for. I mean, they they have got
stockpile, they take care of their own like nobody I've never seen even Yeah, I mean there's a thick having, we've got big catholic,
this is a very religious oriented place. There's a hub for every type of,
you know, religion or nationality or what I mean, we've got it all here and but they are
really relevant, you know, and they the other Jehovah witnesses my friends on a saturday. He had them both threw up at the same time. So I
don't know. I think I want to do it and I think that because that would have been over really well.
No
I was
just
so
Yeah that was funny. But yeah this is very if you need a new religion come to you I'm sure you can find something major a
variety.
Marriage.
How
is
your airport?
It
was a little then it is a it's a beautiful person. I mean we bought it all I mean except an ocean. We have the great salt lake which is soft years in the ocean. So like I said we could make extreme to the other.
I can good.
I was
born a man. Yeah.
I wouldn't
I wouldn't yeah I really wouldn't because you know what this is. I don't know what I'd be done but I was still when I was at the airport, so I didn't get it was the second week in March when I start. And they were thought they were stuff that they weren't even they weren't even acting like nothing was going on. They weren't masking. They were different. I mean it was completely, you know, I mean and we were told that if anybody brought anything, but it was extraordinary that we were supposed to avoid the subject, so.
What?
In
the room. Yeah.
Well the area
and
Oh no. Drugs. Uh huh.
A weird movie like Stephen King movie this dad. I know. Yeah, it was
a lot like that here. But you know
I mean with the airlines it's like I'm sorry they picked you about everything if your planes like don't make up a reason, even if it's not even a big deal why like they're just like they'll make it up and they didn't, I mean we were supposed to avoid the subject at all across and we were supposed to encourage people to travel California and yeah, because it had come, I mean we had some cases stuff when you get asked most of it was at least really prevalent and then it was like the big coat, it was like any place that was surrounded with water guy like bam you know, really hard. And so that's when they start, you know, they step, they didn't really stop it.
We actually, they discourage people from moving states more than the descriptive and they weren't really discouraging anybody can come in
here. I don't care about this thing. I was there you know, I was like I was a really, it was a strength minute. I mean I don't know our our our airports frank difficult that they've been out there a couple of times but when I went out there probably
april and me, you know just to do with little things okay. It was like two cars and drove right then you'd be sitting on you're the
cricket
It
was very
weird.
Immediately.
When
I was you guys got hit hard with that. I mean I mean we had to protest for Salt Lake City that were pretty big. I mean they overturned the car. They were I mean but you guys was it texas and then what was the other state? That was so bad? It was Washington.
To
help
all
of
them.
What?
I'm just so you know it's kind of funny because I'm so tired of people. I mean it's like they have to uh this is the part that gets me too because you know, I mean I've been so international for something that it's when they
when they specify, you know, we need to do that. I mean that's when I feel like they're singling people. I mean it's like we and us is what they need to start saying, you know, instead of oh the black community that are the you know, hispanic, no s s is good. I think us is, but if they use that that's more people wouldn't be no focus on.
And it's sad, it's really sad because we know for a long time there, You know, I mean we had the 60s happening. People really dig it up And it's like it seems like in the 90s when people started to write again
and now of course it's getting really ridiculous. But no, I mean for the first, the first time was like we're not going to have those people coming to America is
like, okay, are you kidding me?
No
part
of this. Mm
I'm sorry.
My parents, my, my grandparents were born in Norway. So I mean I weigh immigrant. I mean if they started to divert people, I have to go
each
other.
You know that the americans were and are regions we were making. So we were always the nicest were coming and not for a while and then we know, I mean you have so much history where they fight. I mean that's cool. I don't know. I just wish they could get over it now. Maybe things will change after this, new after this alleged or something. But
you can
tell us this.
Got to get better. Well, I I held dual citizenship for a long time. You frequent
and I
was well there as I could Norway sounds like a pretty nice place to be right and
it's always an option you know?
that's
why
I think
it is
so
I was
It's Scandinavia. It's uh it's uh there's it's not what they're Sweden Norway um uh
open and you know there's um what else is up there? Denmark Iceland agreement with the nordic.
The nordic
congratulations
for the big horns on this
provide
breaking. That's us. Yeah yeah
they they they got to nail up there and they were anything so fun. They're not having any trouble. I heard today that where was it? I can't remember what country was but they've had 40 followed this total from the beginning. It's like it was, I can't remember it but who was one of those those Scandinavian countries up there? I mean Sweden they blew up. It Sweden where we didn't have always been the Hatfields and McCoys. We use each other a lot. So yeah
they did they're hurting them and that's fine. We just didn't do it at all.
you
can
do it
from
nature.
It
was pretty big. I can't remember what look it up when you get to death. But I mean there's been a few. Oh it was Austria yeah that's what I said. Yeah there's yeah Austria and Switzerland. Are
they any I guess they haven't had a lot of trouble. They got great scientists to though. Uh Right that's not too many.
So
we all do.
It
will
be.
I mean certainly just think okay so why don't we just, how long has this been going on there claiming it's going to be a couple of years. Right. A year or two? Just everybody go home, shut your door. Stay there for 30 days. We can't have, I mean 30, 60 days is way better than these years. This is why not? You know what I mean? Just kind of a little more commerce. We don't have, nobody pays red. Nobody does anything. Just just hold up for 30, 60 days and then come out and say it will be China and then the birds will be singing. Go on.
I follow
I do that. Yeah. We went over some maybe books. The
love us.
Yeah. Your friends. So
good
luck.
Excuse me,
definitely.
Take care. Nice to me. I don't want to do this. Okay.